1871.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
Mr. POMEROY. There is a draw now in
the Kansas City bridge.
Mr. BLAIR. I know that; bat the peea-
liarity of that situation is one which probably
renders it practical there. At that place the
channel h^s always been where it is since the
river has bfcn known; bat I think if we had
tbe light ihat we now have when that bridge
bill was passed, even that might have been
prevented.
Me. MORTON. If I understand this Mil
eorrectly, it only requires the span to be two
hundred feet.
Mr. BLAIR. Two hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. MORTON. I am satisfied, from the dis-
cissions which have taken place heretofore in
this body in regard to bridges across the Ohio
river, and the examination I have given that
subject, that a span of two hundred and fifty
feet only will be a serious obstruction to navi-
gation. Spans three, four, and five hundred
feet in length are entirely practicable. I do
not believe that any bridge ought to be author-
ized over the Mississippi or the Missouri that
is to be less than three or three hundred and
fifty feet span. I think it ought not to be
authorized over the Ohio river with less than
four hundred feet at any point.
Mr. BLAIR, I will say to the Senator from
Indiana that the great difficulty about the
spans upon the Ohio and Mississippi rivers
results from the fact that tows of large barges
go down those rivers carrying immense cargoes
of coal and lumber which could not pass in a
less span, perhaps, than he indicates; but on
the Missouri river there is neither coal nor
any large amount of lumber to be brought
down, and we do not require so great a span.
I do not think, therefore, it requires the lengthy
span which it is proper should be required on
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. There is a
difference in the character of the business
done upon the rivers. On the Missouri river
there is no lumber, and there is no coal to be
brought, down in the same immense quantities
as is- the case on the Ohio river.
Mr. MORTON. Still the current of the
Missouri river is swift and the channel is shift-
ing more than any other river. That is a very
strong reason why there should be a great
leBgth of span, because the channel shifts. I
believe the time will come when the Govern-
ment will be called upon by the wants of com-
merce to require all the bridges that have been
built over the Mississippi river to be changed,
and that the Government will have to pay for
it when it is done. I think now that no bridges
should be authorized that have not a sufficient
span to secure the wan-™ and interests of com-
merce. I do not wish to oppose the Senator's
biU, except to make the suggestion that I have
made.
Mr. BLAIR. I am perfectly willing to
accept the amendment requiring the span to
be three hundred feet. I think that is ample
on the Missouri river.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
oa Post Offices and Post Roads,
Mr. EDMUNDS. For what I think is the
first amendment of the committee, which re-
serves to Congress the power to alter or amend
the act so as to preserve navigation, I wish to
substitute another section, to come in at the
end, which I will read, as I have drawn it up
in my own writing and possibly the Secretary
may not be able to read it readily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will have
to be an independent motion, as the section
referred to is not touched by the committee's
amendment. The section is in the bill itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to the
amendment of the committee.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on adding the proviso proposed by the Com-
mittee 011 Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make two sug-
gestions to the Senator from Missouri, both of
which pertain to the point made by the Sen-
ator from Indiana. Is the Senator from Mis-
souri able to say for the future that neither
coal nor lumber in quantities are to go down
the Missouri river ? I understand there is actual
navigation now as far up as Fort Benton, which,
I think, is some three thousand miles above
Omaha. The Senator knows better than I do
the precise distance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Three thousand miles from
St. Louis.
Mr. CONKLING. That is near right; very
nearly. In tbe region drained by that river,
and by parts of it which are to be navigable,
I take it there is timber, and timber in large
quantities. Therefore, whatever provision has
been found necessary upon streams down
which drift logs and rafts and flotillas of lum-
ber I should think might very well be found
necessary here. And in this connection I ask
the attention of the Senator from Missouri to
another matter. I inquired of the Secretary,
when the bill was read, what the provision was
in reference to the piers, as I did not hear. I
was answered that it was that they should be
parallel to the current. How it may be at the
precise point on this river I know not; but 1
do know that, as a general rule, the course of
navigation is by no means identical with the
course of the current. Take, for example, the
Newport bridge, which the Senator from Ohio
has spoken of two or three times. Here the
piers are set at an angle of twelve degrees with
the current, and yet there seems to be no dis-
puting that they are parallel with the course
of navigation; and although the engineers who
have objected to that bridge have proposed
changes and reformations in it, it struck me
as a curiosity that nowhere had anybody sug-
gested that the piers should be changed, and
yet confessedly they are twelve degrees out of
the true line as tested by the current ; bat the
argument, satisfactory on both sides, seems to
be that the piers should be located in refer-
ence to the course of navigation, in reference
to the direction which vessels take in passing
between the piers; so that there they lose,
perhaps the Senator from Ohio will remember
the number of feet, but a considerable num-
ber of feet, I think it is at least ten, in the
length of a single span, owing to the deviation
necessary, as they suppose, of these piers from
the proper location according to the bill, the
language of which is like this, which adjusts
them, not in reference to the coarse of navi-
gation, but in reference to the current of the
stream itself.
If, then, it shall turn out in this case that
planting the piers in respect of the current,
without regard to the course of navigation ,
would be an inconvenient arrangement, and it
is necessary to twist them, so to speak, as has
been done in the case of the Newport bridge,
that will diminish, it will shorten by so much this
proposed span. Therefore, although this is a
matter which the Senator from Missouri knows
much more about than I do, I venture to sug-
gest to him that any span which is practicable,
and which can be made there, would be wise
for the comparatively slight reason which I
have last suggested, but more particularly in
reference to what may be the future volume
of traffic floating on that river.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 do not suppose we can build
a bridge across any river that will not be an
obstruction of its navigation to some extent.
I have no doubt in the world that the great
bridge which is being constructed at St. Louis,
the span of which is five hundred feet, will be
an obstruction to some extent to the naviga-
tion of the Mississppi river; but we must
make some concessions in favor of railroads,
because they have become as essential and as
necessary to the progress and welfare of the
country as the navigable rivers, if not more
so, being so much more numerous.
Now, sir, from Fort Benton to Omaha there
is no timber at all upon the Missouri river.
It is utterly destitute of timber with the ex-
ception of some few Gotton-wood trees lying
on the river bottoms, and below Omaha down
to St. Louis the timber is not of a character
which can be used very extensively in milling
and sawing. As for the supply of coal, the
barge-loads of coal, I do not believe that coal
will come to us from that direction. But I
have to say that the character of that stream
is snch that were there no bridges upon it you
could not navigate it with those great tows of
coal and lumber. It would be utterly impos-
sible. If there were no bridges on the river
it is so full of sand-bars and the channel is so
winding and devious that you could not by any
possibility navigate it with those great tows
which float upon the Mississippi river and the
Ohio river.
In respect to the piers and their position
with reference to the current upon this river,
it is essential that they should be parallel to
the eurrent. If they are put broadside with
the current they will make an obstruction.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend does
not understand my suggestion. Of course I
appreciate that they should not be put abreast
the current. The suggestion I intended to
make was this, and my attention was drawn to
it in the case of the Newport bridge : that it
not only often happens, but commonly hap-
pens, in navigating a river, that the direction
which vessels are compelled to take at a given
point on aecount of the winding of the stream
is not identical with the course of the cur-
rent. They must go, to a certain extent,
across the current. Therefore the piers are
set go as to give the greatest opportunity for
the boats, whereas if they were set parallel
with the stream the boats would go diagonally
to the piers.
Mr. BLAIR. I appreciate the explanation
of the gentleman.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me a word?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I will say that this morn-
ing belonged to the eentennialenniversarj bill,
and I am afraid if this discussion goes on it
will eonsume the whole morning hour.
Mr. BLAIR. I give way. I do not want to
be an obstruction to the gentlemau's bill. I do
not think this bridge will be an obstruction to
the river if the bill be passed in this shape.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us lay it over.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to make a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is to be further
debate I object to the consideration of this
bill. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that objection to the consideration of a matter
that gives rise to debate in the morning hour
can be made at this point; and the bill called
up by tbe Senator from Missouri will be passed
over. Reports of committees are in order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1071) for the relief of purchasers and own-
ers of lands sold for direct taxes in the insur-
rectionary States, and for amending previous
acts in regard thereto, reported adversely there-
on, and moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 267) in relation to freights on
the Pacific railroad, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to; and he submitted a report on the
subject, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1832) to provide for the better security of
life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
iu part by steam, and for other purposes, re-
ported adversely thereon, and moved its indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
w&s rcfsrrfcd tk© memorial of the St« .Louis
Board of Trade asking an appropriation for
