804:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. MAYHAM. I have stated that armed
Federal officials stood at the polls; and in that
there was an interference.
" Mr. BENTON'. Does not the gentleman
understand that the military were ordered to
his State for the purpose of preventing fraud-
ulent voting, and that the effect of the mili-
tary being at the polls in the city of New
York was to prevent the repeaters from voting
to (he extent of twenty thousand votes?
Mr. MAYIIAM. if the presence of the
military at the election in New York cit.y had
the effect of preventing repeating, then, as
it lessened the Republican vote in greater
proportion than the Democratic vote, it must
show that th6 repeating was chiefly on the
Republican side. But I deny that it had any
sucli effect.
Mr. BENTON. Did it not reduce the Dem-
ocratic vote et the last election to the extent
of some twenty thousand votes?
Mr. MAYHAM. No, sir; it did not. The
question of the gentleman implies that, accord-
ing to his view, those Federal officers were
sent there to prevent fraudulent voting. But
in his very first question he admitted that this
was impossible, for lie concedes that these
officers did not inspect the ballots; and under
such circumstances how can an armed Federal
officer prevent fraudulent voting?
Mr. BEN 1'ON. 1 will state to the gentle-
man if he will allow me.
Mr. MAYHAM. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to reply after I get through.
It is utterly impossible. I cannot conceive
of any way in which the Federal marshal,
armed with a Navy revolver, surrounding or
standing guard over the election polls, can
prevent frauds at elections. I cannot see how
the naval armament of the United States, sta-
tioned in the port of New York, menacing that
city, can prevent fraud and fraudulent voting
at elections, i am entirely unable to see how
military, organized as the military is, under
arms, can prevent fraudulent voting. It was
not with such a view. Governor Hoffman has
indicated what the object was. It was to men-
ace and humiliate and cripple the people of
the State of New York, or of that city espe-
cially, by the overshadowing power of the
Federal Government. It was for that purpose.
If it had any other purpose it was so tar to
exasperate that people as to lead them for
the tune being to forget their prudence and
violate the law, so that the vote which would
tell largely 011 the election would bo thrown
oat, and some of the gentlemen upon this floor
ousted from their seats upon the ground of
violence and intimidation at the election. That
was the motive, if there was any motive at all
except to influence the voter.
_ It was wrong; but the object of the resolu-
tion ! offered is uofto charge anybody. If it lie
true, as the Governor asserts, that there was
Federal interference with the election, that the
Federal Government has attempted by armed
force to interfere with the State elections—if
that be true, it should be known. It should
be arrested, not by opposing force, but with a
sound and wholesome public sentiment, which
I know pervades this country, and which will
defend and protect the purity of the ballot-box
in any and all emergencies. If it be untrue;
if the Governor is misinformed, if he has not
stated the fact in his message, then it is due to
the Chief lixecutiveof the nation that he should
have an opportunity to send to us the com-
munications asked for, and in that way rid
himself of the terrible imputation of having
attempted to interfere with the freedom of elec-
tions.
Sir, if there is one thing more than another
the American people value, it is the freedom
of the ballot. Ttike that from us, and we have
110 freedom. We hear, coming up from all
quarters. complaints and wails against Federal
interferences with elections. It was tried in
North Carolina, it is said. It was tried in
Georgia, it is said. I infer from the resolution
offered by the honorable gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] that it was tried in that
State. It was tried in New York; and it is time
that an indignant people should at least in-
quire and vindicate their rights against any
military interference with elections.
Sir, I appeal to gentlemen upon the other
side of this House not to oppose this inquiry.
If they do the people will regard that refusal
as a cognovit that the President has interfered
with State elections by the use of the military
force of the Government; and upon that cog-
novit the people will enter up a judgment
against the party which obtained power upon
the cry of a free ballot which they eanuot
reverse.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I rise for
the purpose merely of presenting resolutions
passed by the Legislature of Indiana on an
important question now pending before this
House.
In the first week of the present session I
introduced resolutions into this body instruct-
ing the Committee on the Public Lands to
prepare and report a bill extending the bene-
fits of the homestead policy to the disabled
soldiers and the orphans and widows of the
war. Since that time I have received a large
number of letters from soldiers on the subject,
and from that source and the newspaper press,
especially in the West, I find the measure is
regarded with great popular favor. It will
reach and benefit directly nearly two hundred
thousand of the most deserving and helpless
people, and I am greatly gratified that the
Legislature of my own State, now in session,
has adopted unanimously the following reso-
lutions, which I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas it has been customary in times past in all
the wars in which oar country has been engaged,
except tho war ot thegreat rebellion of 1861, lor the
General Government to reward their soldiers n,nd
seamen, or their widows or orphans, by granting
homesteads upon the public domain: Therefore,
Be it revolved by thi Ueneral Assembly of the State
of Indiana, Thatour Senators be instructed and our
Representatives in Congress requested to make all
proper exertions to procure the passage of a law
through Congress to allow every soldier and seaman
(their widows and orphans) who has served ninety
days or upward ill the Army or Navy of the United
Btatea in the war of the groat rebellion of 1861. and
who were honorably discharged, to select one hun-
dred and sixty acres of the public lands subject to
sale, including alternate reserved sections alons the
lines of railroads, without requiring occupancy of
the same.
Resolved, That the Governor be instructed to com-
municate this joint resolution to our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.'
It is hereby certified that the above and foregoing
is a true copy ot the original joint resolution, No. 4,
passed by tho General Assembly of the State of Indi-
ana at the present session thereof.
In witness whereof, I ha ve hereunto subscribed my
name and caused the sea.! of the State to be
[l. s.] affixed, at the city of Indianapolis this 25th
day ol'January, 1S71.
CONRAD BAKER.
Attest:
NORM AS EDDY, Secretin-)/ of State.
Mr. \ OORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I will only
say further at this time that this is a subject
in which I take a deep interest, and which I
expect to follow to a successful conclusion.
I call attention to the resolutions just read
for another purpose. They afford high evi-
dence not merely of the patriotism of the Dem-
ocratic party of Indiana, which now has the
ascendency in that State, but also of its kind-
ness and friendship for the soldiers and the
widows and the orphans of the late war. They
will repel, too, the fierce assault made upon
the Indiana Legislature a few days since by
the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. J3ctlee.] I believe the Legislature
of Massachusetts has passed 110 such resolu-
tions. At some time I expect to discuss this
measure at length. I thank the gemleman
from New York [Mr. Mayuam] for the oppor-
tunity he has given me for saying this much.
THE ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Mr. CALKIN. Mr. Speaker, it will be
remembered that during the last session of
Congress I introduced the following preamble
and resolution :
"Whereas it is the sentiment of the American
people that immediate reparation should be made
by the Governmentof Great Britain for the destruc-
tion of vessels belonging to citizens of our Republic
by the piratical steamer Alabama, and other steam-
ers of like character: Thereore,
"Resolved, That the President borequested to pre3S
the Alabama claims to an immediate settlement,
that our citizens maybe promptly remunerated ior
their losses, and our nation's honor maintained."
Mr. Speaker, my object in,offering that res-
olution then was, as it is now, in the remarks
which I feel called upon to make, to awaken
a due and proper inquiry on the part of the
House, into the wisdom and expediency of
that quiet and unobtrusive resignation in rela-
tion to these claims into which our Govern-
ment has relapsed.
The Micawber-like policy which the Chief
Executive has marked out for himself is clearly
enunciated in his two principal messages to
the Congress, and the same policy has been
sufficiently illustrated by the drawing-room
diplomacy (under instructions) of our late
representative at the Court of St. James.
as it is alleged by the President, the state
of public feeling on tho other side of tho
Atlantic is not favorable to an immediate
attempt at renewed negotiations of settlement,
when is it likely to become more indulgent?
Are we to suspend all further efforts to obtain
justice-until, to quote the words of the Presi-
dent, "her Majesty's Government shall enter-
tain a desire for a full and friendly adjustment
of these claims?'" Should a policy so exactly
in harmony with English opinion govern the
action of American statesmen, the day is far
distant when the Alabama claims will reach a
satisfactory settlement.
It is not my present purpose, nor would it
be my privilege, under existing rules, to enter
into anything like a thorough and exhaustive
examination of the points of disagreement
between the two countries, springing out of
the uufortunate events connected with oiw late
civil war. They have too long formed the
gage of ministerial fencing to leave any part
untried, and if there has been confessed nei-
ther a " palpable hit" upon the one side nor
a skillful parry upon the other it is not that
our cause is wanting in justice nor the temper
of our people in spirit. We complain, sir, of
the damaging haste with which England, in
no spirit of fairness toward the United Stati s,
seized upon the earliest pretext to raise the in-
surrectionists of the South to a level of equality
with us in all the relations of neutrals toward
independent nations at war with each othi r.
That the political agitation of the southern
States up to the period of the attack upon
Fort Sumter, in the harbor of Chaileston,
failed to arouse the country from its longdream
of peace to active preparations for the bloody
work which was at hand is known to every
one at all acquainted with the history of the
early days of the rebellion ; for, notwithstand-
ing the leading men of the two sections had
failed in their united endeavors to blend all
the incongruous elements of our nationality
into a Government systematically uniform, it
was never believed in the North that, the slave-
holding States would avail themselves of so
cruel an alternative as a resort to arms. The
common mind had never conceived of any-
thing so terrible as an organized rebellion
against the authority of the Government, much
less of a great civil war I Hence it is not
strange that our peacelully-minded citizens,
as well those in public station as otherwise,
should have been dull to conceive and slow to
appreciate the altered state at the South, sud-
denly and without provocation thrust upon
the country. But with the sound of the tiist
rebel gun it was impossible to escape the con-
viction that a struggle, which was todeiermine
for all time the status of negro slavery upon
this continent, had actually begun. In a con-
troversy of this nature it was reasonable to
believe that the sympathy, if not the moral
