196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
Ho. of Reps.
Amendment of Constitution—Mr. Lawrence.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
with the other party. Then wo shall have two in-
augurations of Presidents and bloodshed. But
use an "ounce of prevention" in time.
Very truly, yours, JOSEPH MEDILL.
Hon. William Lawbexce.
[I?rom the Chicago Tribune of January, 1870.]
The electoral vote.—Mr. Lvwrence, of Ohio, has
introduced in the House of Representatives a pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, providing that presidential electors shall
be elected on several lickets. instead oi' on a joint
ticket, as heretofore; that the two electors to which
each Stateis entitled by virtue of its representation
in the Senate shall becnosen on a joint ticket by the
electors of the State at large, and that the remain-
ing elector?, equal to its entire number of R epresont-
atives in Congress, shall be chosen, one from cach
congressional district. Under this mode of election
the voto of the Stat e at large would only determine
the choice of two of the electors, and the remainder
would be determined by the vote m cac-h congres-
sional district. The vote of every State—insteadof
being thrown solid one way or the other, according
as might be determined by the majority, perhaps of a
few hundred in thcState—wouldbedivided between
the two paities, according to the number of con-
gressional districts each could carry.
Thus, in New York, where the whole electoral voto
(thirty-three votes) was cast for Seymour at the last
election, whil e, we believe, only eleven Congress dis-
tricts voted for him—the result under this system
would havebeen that Seymour would have received
the two votes at large and eleven district votes,
while Grant would have received the remaining
twenty votes. In no other State would any so im-
portant political change be wrought. Illinois, as at
present divided between parties, would cast about
eleven Republican electoral votes to live Democratic.
It is, however, susceptible of demonstration thar.
while under tins plan the vote of each State would
have expressed more exactly tho actual political
sentiment of its people, yet in no election that has
ever been held would the plan have changed the
candidate actually selected. Thin can only be bo-
cause the minorities of one party, whose voices are
silenced in one State, are offset by equal minorities
of the other party, who arosilenced m othuis.
The chief merit of Mr. Lvwriincn's amendment is
that it lessens tho tendencies to conuption in the
largo and evenly balanced States, like Now York,
Pennsylvania, and Indiana. Tho fact that a change
of a few. hundreds in a vote of hundreds of thou-
sands may carry the State is too strong an induce-
ment for fraud for human nature to icsist. By an
inevitable and irresistible foico frauds of everv
kind will be perpeli ated whore a stake of such vast
magnitude as the entuc electoral vote of a large
State is made I o turn on the voting of a few a liens,
the importa! ion of a few non-residents, tho passing
of a lew " repeaters,or a. slight miscount by parti-
san inspector. Although no pie-.identi.il election
heretofore would luue been eh,mired by the icsult,
it is impossible to predict of an amendment that
changes twenty electoral votes in the State ox New
York alono that no ohongo in the total lesult might
hereafter tnruupon the prior parage of this amend-
ment.
The States have now the power to provide for the
election of their electoral ticket in this manner if
they choose to do so. in no State, however, would
the majority party bo willing to surrender their
power to control the whole electoral vote of the
State unless .the other Slates of opposite political
sentiments did likewise. Tilts creates tho necessity
of a constitutional amendment to accomplish this
change, which in ltselFseenn to be fraught wiih very
great advantages and to be open to no possible
objection whatever. It is at on< o more democratic
boeause it is a (.'eeeniraluatiou of electoral power.
It is mote republican beeausc u results in a tiuer
representation of tho people ot cie.h Stale. It is
mo i e st.it ''sman -like bee-* um* it diminishes the tempt-
ation fo corruption, and the true sralesman tally
appi eciatos the fact that no means ot preventing arc
so potent as to remove the temptation. It ougiit to
pass; and if started bv Conyre-s we bo!it"\ e it would
secure a nearly unanimous support from the States.
Nf:w York Tribune,
Nnw Yokk, J''cbrua/y D, 1870.
Dear Sift: I heartily commend themodeof choos-
ing presidepti.il doctors, if we must have electors,
suggested in your joint resolution. If we cannot
vote for President and Vice President directly, I con-
sider that tho next best thing. But I want time to
take breath after ratifying No. L> betoie we under-
take any more Constitution-mending.
yours' HORACE GREELEY.
Hon. William^Lavrexce, House of Jlfprcsentutivcs,
Washington city, .O. V.
[From the Journal of Social Science, containing the
transactions of trie Ameiican A-soeutmn, No. 2,
18T0, New York: Lejpoldt & Holt, -151 Broome
Street; also, from tho Chicago Tribune of March
28. 1870.)
t%Elect\on of Presidents.—The following paper on
"theJElection of Presidents" was read at. the general
meeting of the Social Science Association at New
York, October 27,1809, by Charles Erancis Adams,
jr., and is published in thejournalof the association:
A paper on the "Protection of the Ballot" was
read before the American Social Science Association
at its meeting in Albany, on the 19th of February,
18C9, and was subsequently printed in the journal of
tho society. In it the following query was suggested:
" What good reason can be given why in our presi-
dential elections we should vote for one man or
thirty men, who in turn are to be pledged to vote for
anotherman, designated to them beforehand, instead
of voting dircctly for the object of our choice ?" *
* - "Can any good reason be suggested
why the people of this country should not directly
vote for their Presidents as they ever haye for their
Governors?"
This question did not have long to wait for a con-
clusive answer. When advanced it was accompanied
with the remark that the subject stood rather *'in
need of suggestion and discussion than of patent
legislative panaceas or individual dogmatism." In
this spirit it was lesponded to by the press. Among
others a very able criticism shortly afterward ap-
peared in the editorial columns of the Chicago Tri-
bune, which, while emphatically condemning the
present mode of choosing the electoral colleges,
pointed out very clearly how greater dangers might
not improbably be found to exist in the election of
President by direct popular vote than by the method
now in use. This reply to the question, if sustained
by reason and fact, is conclusive, and shows that no
relief is to bo found in the direction indicated.
In a previous paper on this subject it was very
broadly stated that the present system of choosing
the Electoral Colleges, on a general ticket in each
State, acts as nothing more nor less than a premium
on tmud, making tho violation of the ballot by one
party in one locality an alleged "political necessity"
for a counterbalancing violation of it by another
parly in another locality. Particularsections of the
country, those in which an election is close and hotly
contested, are by the piaetical working of this sys-
tem regularly pointed out at every election as the
decisive points, to^that the least astute politician
knows betorehaud just whero votes will be wanted
and just wticre they will be useless. He can there-
fore work intelligently, and, indeed, almost exactly,
adapting his means to his ends. For instance, in the
last presidential election, unless fraud were coun-
teracted by hand, it was apparent to every one that
the manufacture of a few thousand votes iu New
York city would decide the thirty-three electoral
votes of the State.
This would exactly counteract, in the grand result,
any po^jhlo majority, ihe other way, of the legal
votes cast in 1 ihn<>is, Massachusetts and Vermont,
wheie tlie election was practically uncontested.
New Yoi k city was, thcreloro, de.-ignatcd beforehand
as a decisive point; a place where e.veiy fraudulent
vote would cariy great fictitious weight. Tne icsult
of the election showed that the same state of affairs
existed elsewhere. Votes in Kansas were of no value
in the face of a majority of 17.0J0; one hundi ed and
sixtv four ballots, fraudulent or lesal, settled the
result m Oregon, and negatived fha tiu the State first
named. It was argued in theprevioas paper that it
was futile to hope tor auy purity in elections while
the elections actually revealed such enormous dis-
parities of influence; so long as tho system at once
supplied such a great incentive to fraud, aud desig-
nated so precisely the localities in which it could be
committed. Tnc ca^cof the clecl iou of 1811 was cited.
Tuere e in be no doubt t'.at Mr. Polk received a
majority ot the legal votes cast in that election;
there is strong ivason for believmor. however, that
Mr. Clay was the legally clcetcd President. The
result, then, turned on the vote of New York, whose
electoral college numbered thirty-six members. The
parly which suppoiied Mr. Polk earned the day;
but a subsequent in ve^ie-ation by the Judici.uy
Committee ot the United States Senate abundantly
proved the perpetration ot extensive tiauds in that
State, which, not impossibly, deemed the contest.
(Sen.Docs.. 23th Conor., 2d Sess., Rep. No. 173.)
It is useless and wicked to asgue that, in t bis asin
othei cases, fraud wa^ piobably offset by fraud, and
that the result practically reflected the will ot the
legal majority. Allowing this to be true in fact, it
settles the question a:s to that system which estab-
lishes, fur any portion of its citizens, cheating as the
only alternative to defeat. It certainty is not con-
ducive to public morality that Iraud should be icc-
ognized as a regular elemeut in politics; indeed, it
would be far better to resort to farce at once. The
suggestion, however, is not true in fact.
As is well known, tho perpetration of frauds on a
larjje scale is possible only under certain circum-
stances. They can be effected in great cities, where
the inhabitants aro necessarily unknown to each
other, or in rude and lawless communities. Our
aim ds are, unfortunately, replete with precedents
coining under either head. Similar outrages, how-
ever, are not, nor can they be, perpetrated on any
large ecale by a. p.nty which only controls well-
regulated and moderately populated sections of
country.
it otiiy remains to solve the problem of how this
fraud u in be reduced within the narrowest, hmi's.
The present system put* the largest possible premium
upon it; for und< r it one fraudulent vote in a given
locality always may, aud uli<-u does, outwugn a
hundred legal voles across on unagoiary hue which
divides Slates. To remedy this it was pioposed to
abolish the system of electoral colleges altogether.
It was suggested that if the President was clectcd
by direct popular vote, as the Governors of tho
States now are, and always have been, the effect of
illegal voting would at least be reduced to natural
limits. A few or a great many fraudulent votes in
one State could, at most, only counterbalance an
exactly equal number of honest votes elsewhere,
and not, as at present, by choosing the whole doc-
toral college of one large State, offset with absolute
disregard of numbers, vast popular majorities m
three other and smaller States. The predominance
given to fraud i3 ccrtainly unnecessary, in so far as
it is artificial.
It cannot, however, be denied, as argued in the
columns of tho Chicago Tribune, that such a system
would be cumbrous and liable to grea.t dangers when-
ever elections were closely contested. Even the cit-
izens ot New York, aecustoincd as they are to not
disfcimilarspectacles within their own borders, might
object to seeing vast opposing majorities rolling up
from the wilds of Texas. The early history of Kan-
sas, aud the later liistoiies of some southern States,
havedemonstrated to us the possible voting capacity
of certain descriptions of sparsely-settled country.
It must bo conceded that it would not bo safe to per-
mit any closely contested election—as tho election
of 1844, for instance, which was decided by a popular
majority of only thirty thousand out of a total vote
ot two million six hundred thousand—to depend on
the manufactured returns of lawless communities.
Two points in the discussion may therefore be con-
sidered as settled; the present system stands con-
demned, and demands instant reform; and secondly,
the system of general, direct election would prove
no satisfactory substitute for it. What other solu-
tion of the problem can be suggested?
While few deny the importance ot this question,
no one seems resolved to insist on its consideration
and settlement. The lessons of tho past aro thus
forgotten before they are thoroughly learned. One
year has now passed since the election of 1866 took
place. During that time associations of individuals,
courts ol law, and committees of Congress have been
busily engaged in investigating the violations ot'the
ballot then alleged to havetaken place. The perpe-
trations ot frauds m that election—frauds unprece-
dented, systematic, appalling—frauds of which tho
recognized leaders of both parties, judges of courts
of law, and the inspectors of elections must havo
been cognizant, and in which they were sometimes
proved to havo participated, all these havo ceased
to be subjects of mere partisan clamor, and are
established as matters of record. Coui ts have passed
upon them, and have declared certified results viti-
ated by lraud. Committees have investigated them,
and presented tho fruits of their labois in the form
ot ponderous reports. In what has it all resulted i
Auy one who chooses may now satisiy hsmseii tu;tt
in Philadelphia fuiir imported rufliuns tluew sixty
votes in one day, as pait of a regular system of
"repeating." It is a matter of lecoid tiru one sin-
gle judge, between October S and Oeiobo'- 2.!, ISliS,
ordered to be issued a daily average of over seven
hundred and eigtiteen cciulicates ot citizenship,
llonect and experienced magistrates, who have lor
yeais been engaged in executing the naturaliza-
tion laws, have testified that not uioi e than a single
set of papers could be property passed in live
minutes; whence it follows that, allowing the ener-
getic magistrate iu question to havo worked night
and day, without one moment of intermission,
between the 8-h and 23d of October, he could not
have properly accomplished more than one half
part of what he did accomplish iu fact. Before an-
other judge, engaged in the performance of a simi-
lar farce, the same man appeared as a witness under
oath, twenty-five times, under different names, in a
siug|e evening. It is not disputed that in one case
thirty-fi\ e pel sons wer • leistered, and twenty-three
actually voted, from the house of a, member ot the
general committee of a. paity, iu which only oue\ oter
actually resided ; in another case, thirty per-ons
weie registered, and twenty-two voted, from the
house of a St ite senator, in which only thiee voters
resided; in yet two other cases, forty-five persons
were registered, and ihirt>-six voted, liom the
houses ot two aldermen, whence lour votes only con Id
legally have come; from yet another hou^e, one
hundred and lifry-two names were registered, repre-
senting, if legal, a population of seven hundred
souls under a single roof.
Under these circumstances, it not unnaturally fol-
lowed that the actual vote pulled in the city whero
these events took place was one hundred and eight
per cent, of its legal voters, as indicated by the cen-
sus returns. Finally, right or wrong, the _couuny
has settled down into a conviction, which in tiutn
is not unsnstained by evidence, that, many thousand
illegal votes were cast 8ttbe last presidential elec-
tion within the limits of a single State. All this,
be it remembered, was done simply because our
system made each illegal ballot bear not upon one
or upon three electoral votes, but upon tho-e of
t lie whole College. In each pai ticul.ir locality whet a
these fronds were perpetrated the election was
wholly uncontested. Had the influence of these
manufactured votes been confined within narrow
hmir-3 no inducement to fraud would nave existed,
because ft aud would have been unavailing. Tho
system made the opportunity, and it did not pass
unimproved.
We cannot go on indefinitely in this way. We
escaped a contested election during the war of tho
rebellion only as it were by a miracle. The last
