1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
support, of tbe civilized world would be on
the side of the North. But England! toward
whom wo turned for words of compassion and
love, the mother land, to which we were
allied in many of those progressive measures
to which the world is so largely indebted for
its amelioration, England, of all the nations,
was the first to assert the belligerent license
of the South and her equal consideration for
the rights of the two sections hostilely arrayed
against her; and this, too, with such unex-
ampled haste that the sound of the rebel bat-
teries trained upon Sumter had scarcely died
away in the land.
_ In vain it was urged upon the English offi-
cials to await the arrival of Mr. Adams, our
newly-accredited minister, that he might be
heard on the part of our Government in ex-
planation of the state of agairsat home, and
who was then known to be on his way to Eng-
land. The plan had already been matured,
and its determination was forgone.
The arrival of Mr. Adams upon British soil
and the issuing of the Queen's proclamation,
which has been fraught with such mischievous
consequences to the united States, were simul-
taneous events.
Our new minister was received with all those
courtly formalities which have dignified the
school of diplomacy siuce the days of Talley-
rand, but his earnest protest against the dam-
aging course of her Majesty's Government,
was addressed to minds prejudiced beyond the
reach of argument.
The mask of words was skillfully drawn, but
failed to conceal that fixed and unalterable
determination on the part of England to en-
courage treason and sustain rebellion, which
was madeonlytoo apparentby her subsequent
endeavors.
How wretched is the picture I Upon the
one side England, born of the early centuries,
reared amid treasons and conflicts, pacified by
liberty ; great and powerful in all that consti-
tutes the glory of empire! Upon the opposite
side, the young Republic of the United States,
kindred toiler in blood, language,religion, and
laws, undergoing the ordeal of sovereignty.
Many years of friendly intercourse between
the two nations had made them measurably
dependent upon each other. They were bound
together by cords of steel. Their reciprocal
commerce amounted annually to millions.
Their merchant ships were abroad upon every
sea, and their united energies were enlisted to
purge the ocean of an odious traffic. They were
competitors only in the gentle arts of peace.
Despite all these things, England announced
to the world that she held in equal balance the
rightful Government of the United States and
her rebellious subjects, who had neither a foot-
ing upon the land nor a sail upon the waters.
We should be at a loss to account for such
a partial and unfriendly act, which, to the
credit of history, stands without a precedent,
were it not for the subsequent leanings of
Great Britain to the side of the rebellion,
which, indeed, she took little pains to conceal,
so long as the conviction remained that the
great civil war, to the maintenance of which
she largely contributed, would end in the sub-
version and overthrow of the Government of
these States.
But when it became apparent that the
scheme of the rebellion must fail of its pur-
pose the British ministry began to cast about
for some plausible excuses behind which to
intrench themselves. It was claimed, among
other things, that the queen's proclamation
of belligerency had been superinduced by cer-
tain acts and proclamations of the Lincoln
administration which could not have been
known, or at least had not then been officially
communicated to her Majesty's Government.
Thus falsehood, however reprehensible _ in
itself, is sometimes an indication of returning
virtue. It betrays consciousness of a truth
which to confess would be odious.
We can scarcely believe that England was
anxious to make herself a party to the south-
ern project of founding a nation, its resources
and moral condition, upon African slavery,
for such was the avowed object of secession.
But having taken on the conviction, willingly
enough, it is true, that a restoration of the
Union was impossible, it was her settled pol-
icy to anticipate rather than await the hap-
pening of events. In this, as it is common
with men and nations, England was at fault
in her calculations.
We may presume that the programme of the
rebellion had been explained and amplified in
her secret councils with assurances of ulti-
mate success, and that England saw, beyond
the smoke of battle, the phantom of a new
nation, ready with the raw cotton, to buy the
wares of Sheffield and the fabrics of Manches-
ter. She consented upon this anticipation to
part with her ships, her cannon, and muni-
tions of war. The rebel cotton-bonds were a
staple in her money market, and all this time
she pretended to be, if not an indifferent,
certainly an impartial spectator of the great
drama which was being enacted upon the thea-
ter of the New World.
In our repeated efforts to arrive at a plan of
settlement, the British ministry have persist-
ently refused to permit the subject of recog-
nition to form any part of the catalogue. It
is insisted that even though that act was un-
justifiable at the time, yet, subsequent events
having demonstrated its expediency, it is 110
longer a matter of reasonable complaint.
But England loses sight of the damaging
fact that this very act of recognition had more
to do with creating these subsequent events
than any one thing beside. It gave hope and
courage to'the rebellion, fanning its slender
flame into a great and wide-spreading confla-
gration.
At the period of the queen's proclamation
there was only an improvised rebellion, wholly
destitute of the elements of nationality. It
consisted of a mobilized force, untrained in the
evolutions of the field and poorly and scantily
provided. A few strongholds had been seized,
some cannon secured, and arsenals plundered
of their arms, but they were of small account in
view of the magnitude of the southern scheme.
As to ships of war, the insurgents had none
whatever, not even a gun-boat, nor were they
likely to obtain any of these in domestic ports
and made available in ocean warfare which
could be sent to sea. Such an attempt would
have been met by almost certain capture and
demolition, after the manner of the Merrimac,
the Atlanta, and the Albemarle.
Under these circumstances it is a reasonable
presumption that, even before any hostile dem-
onstrations were made, assurances had been
obtained of indirect foreign aid.
To know how faithfully these promises were
kept, we must turn to England, our good
mother England, to whose arms the thirty
days old bastard of rebellion had been taken
to swaddle and wet-nurse.
The national conscience may acquit itself
of any sinfulness for conspiring against the
heresy of republicanism, toward which the
English aristocracy have always manifested a
strong aversion; nevertheless, there are some
disagreeable maxims applicable to the case,
which have been accepted by nations in their
intercourse with each other, not altogether
reconcilable to a course pf systematic hypoc-
risy and deceit.
Anything which tends to promote the com-
merce of Great Britain is a principle in the
Government. It always has been, and alvyays
will be so, in spite of any minor considerations
of religion or morality. Had she prudently
acquiesced in the political status indicated by
Mr. Lincoln in his proclamation of April 19
there had been small opportunity tor the ex-
ercise of English skill in running blockades,
and a comparatively small market for the sale
of English arms. Will England tell us to-day
that this wholesale supply of material aid from
her shores had nothing to do in giving hope,
heart, and substance to the rebellion, and thus
prolonging for a multiplied period the struggle
which was then being waged ?
it was noticeable at this time that an un-
usual cordiality existed between England and
Prance. There was a unity of sentiment be-
tween them upon the "American question,"
as they were pleased to term it, truly remark-
able in view of the traditional attitude of the
two nations. Not only was the belligerency
doctrine of the former caught up and reiter-
ated by the latter, but. while England fostered
and kept alive the rebellion, by precipitating
the sinews of war upon our sea-board front,
France sat herself quietly down at the back
door to pick our bones upon the consumma-
tion of our contemplated dissolution. Can it
be possible that, in the happening of certain
coveted^ events, history was 10 repeat itself
upon this continent in the likeness of dismem-
bered Poland? For the honor ot France, the
godmother of our liberty, we trust it is not so.
Had the purpose of England been to dwarf
the natural growth and cripple the resources
of the United States without coming to actual
war, it could scarcely have been more effectu-
ally contrived. Let us suppose this to have
been the object, how would the case stand ?
A rebellion had broken out upon our southern
sea-board; our complexity was England's op-
portunity. In order to destroy our ships and
drive our commerce from the seas, under cover
of the confederate flag, it was essential to keep
the rebellion alive. To keep the rebellion
alive necessitated an immediate supply of all
kinds of material aid to the rebels, especially
magazines and instruments of destruction.
This material aid could be furnished suirep-
titiously by neutrals after the according of
belligerent rights to the South. The conces-
sion of such rights was the first act of Great
Britain in her carefully-studied part of the
drama. As to whether the domestic object
of the rebellion succeeded or failed she was
comparatively indifferent. By its success the
twofold object of destroying our commerce
and dividing our territories would have been
accomplished. Forgetful of our lineage, and
jealous of our prosperity, England was willing
to put on a disguise and become our execu-
tioner.
As it had been foreseen, blockade-running
soon became a popular amusement with the
English, and the South grew to fullness in all
the paraphernalia of war. The rebel rampart3
were crowned with Whitworth guns, and Lon-
don Tower muskets were captured with every
batch of prisoners.
Through these instrumentalities the struggle
between the North and the South was cruelly
prolonged. Its end no man could foresee.
And so it was that the ground was laid for the
new enterprise of building, arming, equipping,
manning, nay, everything but commissioning,
sea-going vessels in the neutral ports of Eng-
land to prey upon our merchant marine, events
which followed fast and in their preconceived
order, to the almost total destruction of our
ocean commerce.
Let us view the picture from an English
drawing. ''The Alabama difficulty was tio
white squall which broke upon tbe authorities
at a moment's notice," says Mr. Bowen in his
published review ofthe subject. "In the earlier
part of 1862 the ports of this country, and in
particular the port of Liverpool, were known
to be swarming with confederate ngents? busily
engaged in rendering obscure but important
services to the cause of secession- As yet the
energy of the friends of the South had been
directed mainly to the promotion of blockade-
running.'-
Observe the language of the last sentence
and the context, Mr. Speaker: "as yet the
energy of the friends of the South h^d been
directed mainly to the promotion of blockade-
running."
Now, however, a new field of enterprise was
