1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
company, unconnected with the bridge com-
pany, ask Congress to give , them the right to
pass over this bridge at pleasure. I consider
it a private bridge belonging to a private com-
pany, and this is taking private property for
private, not for public use. This view was
presented to the Committee on Commerce by
gentlemen who represented other interests,
and I have felt it my duty to make this state-
ment to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maryland insists on the objection the bill
cannot be considered now.
Mr. VICKERS. I do not insist on an
objection to its consideration} but I desire to
vote against it if it be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Iowa will be reported, if
there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
tieamendmentof the Committee on Commerce
by striking out in lines twenty, twenty-one, and
twenty-two the words, "any court having gen-
eral jurisdiction of civil actions between the
proprietors of said bridge and the parties so
seeking the privilege of crossing the s&ime/'
and in lieu thereof inserting " the appropriate
district or circuit court of the United States."
The amendment to tke amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment • was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 23d
instant approved and siga«d the following act
and joint resolution: .
An act (S. No. 1306) to relieve John Wil-
liamson, of Savannah, Georgia, of legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 306) prescrib-
ing the oath to be taken by H. V. M. Miller,
Senator-elect from Georgia.
The message also announced thtrt the Pres-
ident had this day approved awf Signed^ the
act (S. No. 669) to provide for Ae disposition
of useless military reservations.
senator from georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The P*esid>ent
having signed the joint resolution; passed by
Congress prescribing the form of the oath to be
administered to the Senator-elect- from Geor-
gia, he will present himself at the chair of
the Vice President and take the oaths of office.
Mr. Miller advanced to the desk, awd the
oaths prescribed by la* having been admin-
istered to him, he took his seat in the Senate.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. POME ROY. I ask that the bill" (S.
No. 647) to incorporate the Texas Pacific
Railroad Company, to aid in the construc-
tion of its road, and for other purposes, be
now taken up for the purpose of appointing a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. I do not want any debate.
Mr. HOWARD. It will not take any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas renews the request made by the
Senator from Michigan during the morning
hour, that the Senate proceed to consider the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the Southern Pacific railroad bill. Is there
objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I make no objection to
this; but I beg to say now that after this is
disposed of the regular order will be taken up,
ana I am glad to say it now before any indi-
vidual Senator appeals to me, as I know there
are several who would like to have the regular
arder postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the propositio of the Senator from
Michigan as renewed by the Senator from
Kansas t
Mr. BAYARD. What is the question?
TteVlGB PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] asks unanimous con-
sent that the Senate request a conference with
the House of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses on the Southern
Pacific railroad bill. Is there objection to that
proposition?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unanimous con-
sent not being granted, the matter can only be
reached by postponing the unfinished business.
Mr. HOWARD. I make a formal motion
to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to postpone the pending bill,
which is the bill to enforce the rights of citi-
zena-of the United States to vote in the several
States of the Union, for the purpose of consid-
ering the proposition made by him.
Mr. CONKLING. If the suggestion were
to lay it aside informally for some purpose
which would not lead to debate, 1 would not
object to that.
Mr. HOWARD. That is all I ask.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state it in that form. The Senator from Michi-
gan asks unanimous consent that the pending
business be informally passed over, subject to
a demand for the regular order, to consider his
proposition in. regard to the Southern Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. WARNER. I hope that will be done ;
but I give notice that I shall make a motion to
concur in the amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. Then there will be
debate. ... ,
The VK® PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again ask if there is objection that the unfin-
ished business be informally postponed, sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. CONKLING. May I suggest to my
honorable friend from Michigan that if the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. Warner] is to
execute his purpose there is certainly to be
debate. Does he want me" to give way in that
view?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Alabama, upon mature consideration, will let
the committee on conference be appointed.
I presume he does not understand what the
request is. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan? The Chair heaTS none.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is the
proposition to take up the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to pass
over the unfinished business informally for the
consideration of the proposition of the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. POMEROY. That is, to appoint a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No, to
consider tke bill with a view to concurring in
the amendment. I have no objection to acting
on the question of concurring in the amend-
ments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand that there is any objection to
passing over the present business informally
for the purpose of considering the proposition
of the Senator from Michigan. The amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
Southern Pacific railway bill is therefore now
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
non-concur in the amendments of the House
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. FOWLER. Let the amendments be
reported.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think they need
be reported. Let us just disagree and ask for
a committee of conference.
Mr, SAWYER. Is that motion debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I am not going to make
any opposition to the motion unless we under-
stand that this motion to refer to a committee
of conference is going to defeat this measure
at this Congress 
Mr. POMEROY. It is to secure its passage.
Mr. SAWYER. We are told it is to secure
its passage. I do not know that it will not
secure its passage; but I want Senators to
understand the risk they run of losing this bill
entirely if it goes to a committee of conference,
I will consent to its going to a committee of
conference without debate, if I can have any
assurance that it is not the intention of those
who move this committee to entirely defeat
action.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Will the Senator from
Sonth Carolina let me make one remark ? I
wish to say to the Senator from South Caro-
lina that I have no hesitancy in declaring that
if this motion be agreed to it will secure the
passage of the bill, and that I am extremely
anxious for. Texas desires it, by her reso-
lutions presented here, and I hope it will be
agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move to concur in the
amendments of the House of Representatives.
That motion takes precedence.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator moves to
concur, I shall move to commit the bill, and
that will take precedence of his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
under the impression that this motion to con-
cur was made by the Senator from Ohio when
the bill was formerly before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did make it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the pend-
ing motion, and has priority of the motion for
non-concurrence.
Mr. POMEROY. A motion to commit takes
precedence of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. WARNER. I have no desire to debate
this question at this time. I simply desire to
say that while there are many things in the
bill as amended by the House of Repre-
sentatives which I do not approve of, many
things which I should be glad to change, par-
ticularly in regard to the gauge, because I
think that the great railroad interests of the
South are entitled to have a gauge in conform-
ity with their roads, as this is a southern
road, and while there are many things in the
House bill, relating to the organization of the
company which I do not approve and in which
I like the Senate bill the best, yet the great
desideratum is to get a road; and that I am
not willing to risk in any way. That is the
vital consideration to the country, to the peo-
ple of the South, and to the interests con-
cerned in this great road. Now, I cannot but
regard the reference of this bill to any com-
mittee, even a committee of conference, as haz-
arding its passage at this stage of the session,
especially in view of the peculiar condition
of business in the other House. Therefore I
am willing to yield all that is objectionable in
this bill, even the matter of gauge, in order
to secure to my people this great road.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must know
that if he moves to concur, gentlemen will
be moving to concur with amendments, and
there will be no end to the amendments. The
only way is to close amendments by putting
the bills in the hands of a committee of con-
fersncfi
The VICE PRESIDENT. The prior ques-
tion is on the motion to concur.
Mr. POMEROY. Isthat prior to a motion
to commit?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought not. I pro-
pose to send it to the Committee on the Pacific
