1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163E
Railroad, if we cannot get a committee of
conforsncs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion?
Mr. POMEROY. Not now. I hope the
motion to concur will be withdrawn.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me hopeless
to suppose that the vote can be taken upon this'
question without debate; and if Senators agree
with me in that I trust they will take no excep-
tion to my demanding the regular order, which
I do.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York demands the regular order.
Mr. NYE. Let us see if wo cannot get a
vote.
Mr. CONKLING. If we can get a vote, I
will withdraw the call. I withdraw the demand,
then, for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ala-
bama. will withdraw his motion to concur, I
think there will be no difficulty.
Mr. KELLOGG. I appeal to my honorable
friend from Alabama to withdraw his motion
to concur; and since he has said so much
that of course will appear in the Globe, I want
to make only a single remark. I think if he
will read this House bill attentively, he will see
that he could not consistently vote to concur.
That is all I have to say. I do not propose to
discuss the bill; but there will be amendments
offered immediately, and then we shall have
discussion. This bill will be fully discussed
if it is proposed to concur iu the action of the
House. I represent the South, as well as do
other gentlemen on this floor; and I appeal to
my honorable friend to withdraw his motion.
Mr. WARNER. I do not desire to discuss
this matter. I simply want to vote on the
motion. I want this main trunk line railroad,
and I think there are many parties who prefer
to see this great enterprise defeated rather than
see some lesser and adhering schemes not suc-
ceed. I want the great line of road; and to
secure that end, I am willing to sacrifice some-
thing of personal preference. I do not want
to debate the question ; I simply want to vote.
Mr. BLAIR. We may make another great
line of road under this House bill, but it will
be a northern line of road. It is a road adapted
now by its gauge to the northern roads and not
to the southern roads, with all the southern
connections studiously cut off from it. We have
already voted two or three northern roads, built
them not alone by grants of land but by money
grants; and this is to make another great trunk
line of road ending at the North and not at the
South. It is a delusion and a snare. It is a
thing that will prevent there ever being a south-
ern road. Sir, this Congress, if it is pledged
to anything, is pledged to give a road to the
southern people after having made two or three
roads from the North across the continent. I
shall not vote for concurrence in the amend-
ments of the House. I would rathe# prefer to
have this scheme defeated, with the hope at
some other time of getting a southern road.
With this road pointing to the North and witk
a northern gauge it will exclude and shut out
all hope of ever having a southern road.
Mr. POOL. If the vote is to be taken on
the motion to concur it will be discussed, and
discussed at considerable length. What is said
by the Senator from Missouri in regard to the
gauge is literally true as we understand it. If
there be amotion simply to non-concur and refer
to a committee of conference, that may be voted
upon without discussionbut if there be an
effort to get concurrence in the bill just as it
came from the House, the discussion will be
very protracted indeed. On this question of
gauge many of us have much to say.^ I differ
with the Senator from Alabama in this matter.
I would rather the bill were defeated than to
be passed' in the shape in which it has come
from the House.
Mr. CONKLING. In view of the remarks
naadecow by the honorable Senator from North
41st Cong. 3d Sess—No. 103.
Carolina, I am sure all Senators will concur
with me that we had better proceed with the
regular order. This will run through the
entire day.
Mr. HOWARD. Go on.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from Michigan who made
this motion, I demand the regular order.
CONGRESSIONAL ELECTION LAW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, being the bill (H. R. No. 2634)
to amend a^ act approved May 31,1870, enti-
tled ''An act.to enforce the rights of citi-
zens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes,"
which will be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. YICKERS. Mr. President, this bill
seems to be the offspring of a bill passed at
the last session of Congress with the specious
title of an act to enforce the right of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of the Union, and for other purposes.
The effect if not the object of the bill of the
last session was to intimidate and overawe the
free citizens of the United States who were
entitled to the right of suffrage; but the peo-
ple were so prudent, forbearing, and discreet,
that no disturbance was created, and therefore
no pretext furnished for an attempted inter-
ference with the freedom of elections or to
set aside the elections which were held in the
States.
Thus the bill failed of its effect; the results
of the elections were not such as the framers
of the bill contemplated when they introduced
and passed it in Congress. It became neces-
sary therefore to bring forward the present bill
to strengthen the weaknesses of the bill of last
session and to supply additional and stringent
measures in reference to future elections to be
held in the States. Both bills are obnoxious
to constitutional objections; they are bills
inexpedient, unjust, and unfit to be executed
in the States.
This bill assumes the power of the General
Government to superintend and regulate regis-
trations and elections in the States for Repre-
sentatives to Congress, and to punish by line
and imprisonment where such registrations
and such elections are made and held, as well
for State Legislatures and officers of the States.
The power is claimed under the first clause
of the fourth section of the Constitution, which
reads:
" Tho times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be
prescribed in eacli State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter sueh regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
In pursuance of this provision the State
Legislatures did prescribe the times, places,
and manner of choosing Representatives to
Congress, and under those regulations the
General Government was put into operation,
and has continued down almost to the present
time, without any interference on the part of
that Government except that in 1862 an act
of Congress was passed providing for the dis-
trict system, instead of election by general
ticket. This was alleged to be necessary to
preserve the rights of minorities. The reason
for giving this power to the States in the first
place in the Constitution was—
1. That the State Legislatures, coming fresh
and direct from, the people, knew best what
times, places, and manner of elections would
suit them. The General Government was fur-
ther removed.
2. Tho framers of the Constitution had
strong reasons for thus investing the States
with the power. They knew that the Consti-
tution would not be adopted without it. _
It was defended by Mr. Hamilton in the
Federalist in three numbers; and he put it
expressly on the ground of the necessity of
placing the ulterior authority in the General
Government. He knew the mind of the Con-
vention, and he argued it expressly on the
ground of the self-preservation of that Gov-
ernment.
In the fifty-ninth number of the Federalist,
written by that distinguished man, in com-
menting upon this part of the Constitution, he
said in its defense:
"Its propriety rests upon the evidence of this
plain proposition, that every Government ought to
contain in itself the means of itsown preservation."
* "That an exelusivepower of reg-
ulating elections for the national Government, in
the hands of the State Legislatures, would leave the
existence of tho Union entirely at their mercy. They
could at any moment annihilate it by neglecting to
provide for the choice of persons to administer its
affairs. With so effectual a weapon in their hands
as the exclusive power of regulating elections for
the national Government a combination of a few
such men, in a few of the most considerable States,
where the temptation will always be the strongest,
might accomplish the destruction of tho Union by
seizing the opportunity of some casual dissatisfac-
tion among the people, and which, perhaps, they
may themselves have excited, to discontinue the
choice of members for the federal House of Repre-
sentatives."
Iu the same number, he said :
"Its propriety rests upon the evidence of this plain
proposition, that every Government ought to con-
tain in itself the means of its own preservation."
Again, in the same number:
"They have submitted the regulation of election's
for the federal Government, in the first instance, to .
the local administrations; which in ordinary cases,
and when no improper views prevail, may be both
more convenient and more satisfactory; but they
have reserved to thenational authority aright to in-
terpose whenever extraordinary circumstances might
render that interposition necessary to its safety."
It was not a power to be resumed at pleas-
ure, or without reasons of absolute, unqualified
necessity; not on the ground of expediency, not
by parties, for the Constitution knows no par-
ties, but only on paramount reasons of State
to preserve representation, to protect minori-
ties by the district system, and to perpetuate
the existence of the Government.
When the Constitution was under discus-
sion in the Virginia convention, Mr. Nicholas,
a very distinguished member of that body, said:
"If the State Legislatures, by accident or design
or any other cause, would not appoint a place for
holding elections, then there might be no election
till the time was past for which they were to have
boon chosen; and as this would eventually put an
end to the Union it ought to be guarded against,
and it could only be guarded against by giving this
discretionary power to tho Congress of altering tlio
time, place, and manner of holding tho elections.
It is absurd to suppose that Congress will exert this
power, or ehange tho time, place, and manner estab-
lished by the States, if the States will regulate them
properly, or so as not to defeat the purposes of tho
union."
In the same convention Mr. Madison, in
answer to a question propounded by Mr. Mon-
roe, said :
"It was found necessary to leave the regulation
of these [elections] in the first place to the btate
governments, as being best acquainted with the
situation of the people, subject to the control of the
General Government, in order to enable it to pro-
duce uniformity and prevent its own dissolution.
* * * " "V^Cere they exclusively under tho
control of the State governments the General Gov-
ernment might easly be dissolved. But if they bo
regulated properly by the State Legislatures tho
congressional control will very probably never Bo
exercised. The power appears to me satisfactory
and as unlikely to bo abused as any part of the Con-
stitution."
Both Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Madison place
the power on the express ground of absolute
necessity, and assert its exercise only—
First, to protect the existence of the Gov-
ernment.
Second, to prevent an end being put to the
Union, in the language of Mr. Nicholas.
Third, in the' language of Mr. Madison, to
prevent its own dissolution.
Fourth, and if the State governments should
not attempt to use the power to destroy, Mr. ■
Madison said it would never be exercised by
the General Government. _
Judge Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, embraces the views of Hamilton,
Madison, aud Nicholas. He says:
"Nothing can bo moro evident than that anexclu-
