SGQ
APPEHDIX TO Tvlili UOMiESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Bights—-Mr. Manning.
41st Cong....3d Siss.
these outrages have no more significance than
if committed anywhere else, and of course
their existence will not justify the interference
by Congress with the domestic affairs of the
State of North Carolina any more than of the
State of Illinois, where, I notice from a recent
paper that on account of the prevalence of crime
and the difficulty of making arrests, the sheriffs
throughout that State have met in convention
and organized themselves into a special police.
But._Mr. Speaker I fearlessly assert here that
this is not true.
First, because on page 3 of the President's
message of 13th of January last, and accom-
panying documents, "Major General Daniel
Sickles transmits report of persons tried and
convicted before provost courts in his depart-
ment during the months of August, Septem-
ber, October, November, and December, 18G5,
showing 90 white and 605 black, for stealing ;
25^vhite and 45 black, for disorderly conduct;
135 white and 55 black, for drunkenness; GO
white and 123 black, for assault—total white,
310; total black, 828." It will be seen, there-
fore, that General Sickles attaches no political
significance at all to these outrages, and tiie
offenders were all convicted. These docu-
ments show that women, botii white and black,
were whipped, and I am not aware that Con-
gress has yet fixed female suffrage on the coun-
try, but it is apparent on the face of the reports
why they were whipped. I read :
Kox.'ioRo, Person- County, North Carolina,
October 7,1870.
De a :t S)ft,Thc iirsi; v11;tiill to Ku!vl ux violence was
iVlr._b.Jj. Hues; lived tour miles south of Roxboro {
anindustrious, and, in his dealings with persons,
strictly hoiiest/ man. The alleged charge against
um Iff.in tliAi. U    1!-!.. 1 ■ . . . V ° . .
irom the tarm he had rented tor the your. The next
and only other instance I can call to mind way against
\\ illiam i>. lludgens: the supposed causo was that
he was hvmgon land the title of which in dispute.
1 ho parly nut in possession had ordered him to leave
the premises, threatening at tiie samo tune if he
i.uled to uo su within a eeilain tune he would be
KUkhixed on. lie failed to leave a^ ordered, and
wh.s afterward oiueily and most terribly beaten by
disguised mm, (Uveuty-mx in number,) and forced
to leave the premises he had leased for two yeai>.
Jiudgcns h.us always voted the Democratic ticket *
Wiles tho Republican. I don't ttuuk politics had
tuivlLiog to do with either ease.
Mo*t respectfully, «fcc ,   t
UovernorHoLDK.W JUleigh, North Carolina.
Again:
Lixcolntox, North Carolina,
October 17,1870.
T)k \ k Si k : According to your request we send you
Uie lollowmg liftt ol names of persons that, ho.vo
,,, , ■ • , ~ ~f two guns.
i uero aio a number 01 other cases, but we cannot
get I heir names.
Tho eoinrud man, "Wilfong, was shot in the back,
mid is muLilaicd tor life. * *■ '• *
Kor jhe sake ol my family please not mention my
JKiinein tins matter.  — 
Governor Holpicx.
I certify on honor that tho above h a true copy of
the original report on hie iu the executive depart-
ment oi orth Carolina.
J. 13. NEATHERY,
■n , ,, ^ _ Private ^secretary.
December 20, 1870.
Now, it ig evident that these last kept a
common brothel, which was abated as a public
nuisance.
Next, on page 15 of the same document the
following appears:
III: VT>QTTU*TKPvS PdST 01-' R A LETOl [,
Raleigh, .North Caholixa, June 23, 1ST0.
General: 1 have the honor to make the following
rcpuit of the c.reumsranco^ under winch military
aid was rendered necessary for Ihc enforcement of
the United biates laws, bv the United States i.m-
shal, in the ease reported by you yesterday by tele-
graph.
A bench warrant ',vn? i^ued by the rli-driet jmho
or the United ,SUt(\>. for the district of X-uih UaJo-
un«i, against the proprietor or manager ui a. nreu-j
and his company, upon the affidavit of the collector
of internal revenue for the sixth district, in which
it was alleged that a conspiracy w5is made by said
company to prevent the deputy collector from the
collection of the United States revenue tax.
That the circus company, or a number of them,
attacked the deputy collector with drawn pistols,
beat and maltreated him, and took by force of arms
the taxes which had been collected. That an effort
was madeby the civil authorities to arrest the mem-
bers of said company, but failed on account of their
number and desperate character. This company
being on the move, the marshal represented that it
was impossibl^to get a sufficient party at any place
to apprehend tTiem, and that they were shortly going
to leave the State for Virginia, where they have
advertised to show in a day or two. Under these cir-
cumstances it appeared to me advisable to order a
military forco to accompany the marshal to lluer-
ville. North Carolina, where they were advertised to
exhibit their show to-day, and to render him such
assistance as might be found necessary in making
these arrests. A guard of one commissioned officer
and eleven men wassent, and theofficerin command
was instructed not to interpose his force actively,
unless circumstances should render it necessary, in
which case ho would take the most effective meas-
ures for the accomplishment of the purpose, bearing
in mind the official responsibility to which he is held.
In my opinion the mere presence of the troops will
prevent the necessity for their use, though the com-
pany havo the reputation of being a party of des-
peradoes.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
. . 11. T. i'RANK,
- 6nptain Eighth Infantry, Breo. Lieut. Col.
Br« v. Brig. Gen. Chauxcey jHoKkev^r, „l. A. G.
Department of the E<ut, jXew York city.
Now, I clo not know the States which may dis-
pute the honor of giving birth to tlieso men,
but I never heard that North Carolina ever
produced a show-man, and I do not know one
who is a citizen of the State; and yet, Mr.
Speaker, the refusal of a strolling band of
circus-men to pay the United States internal
revenue tax is giving as an instance of iv out-
rages in North Carolina," of outrages of the
whites against the blacks, of Democrats upon
loyal men, requiring that the Federal authori-
ties should interfere again with the domestic
afftiirs of North Carolina.
Next, on page 20 of same document an ac
count of the Uobeson county outrages is given
as follows:
" The cause of the trouble in this county is in no
way political. A band of outlaws, six in number,
have been for the period of four years hiding m the
numerous swamps that traverse the country in everv
direction.^and robbing and murdering the citizens."
* " "They arc muhittoes, and have
almost as many friends as enemies.-"
I will make no comment on this statement
except that this county was never declared to
be in a state of insurrection, for the reason, 1
suppose, that the criminals were loyal men,
mulattoes; the sufferers whites, Democrats.
The third and last reason I have for assert-
ing that these outrages in North Carolina, as
they are called, have no political significance
will be found in the following extracts from
the reports of the United States officers in
command in North Carolina, as set forth on
pages 21, 23, 25, and 27 of same document:
3. As to "murders and outrages committed by
disloyal organizations for political purposes,"'I sup-
pose that tho>e alleged to have been committed by
the so-culled Kuklux are referred to. I heard of
none such as happening while I was in the State to
whica any importance could be attached. Of those
which occurred previously to my assuming com-
mand, that which created tho mo^t excitement was
tn« murder of Mr. Stephens, a State senator, some
time m May, I think. This was looked upon by the
members of his party as undoubtedly a political
murder, perpetrated by the Kuklux. The party
charged with this murder was arrested by Colonel
ii.nk, brought before the State judges on a bench
warrant, and bound over to appear when required.
As the chief justice did me the honor to invite me to
take a seat on the beach, I heard all the evidence,
which was published and. can bo procured.
I have it here, Mr. Speaker.
That againft the accused was veiy slight, and there
was no evidence whatever to show that the murder
was the work oi any political organization or that the
accused belonged to any such organization. Evidence
oi the existence of such organizations™ both political
parties was produced. Nearly all the cases inquired
into proved, however, that other than political pur-
poses were effected through the facilities affored by
tu:; ,er^:iiioi,s. whose machinery was used to
pumsn theft. burglaries, insults to women, and other
offenses in. no way connected with politics. In fine*
their principal business seemed to be to do the work
usually performed by "regulators" and "vigilance
committees." HENRY J. HUNT,
Colonel Fifth Artillery.
Again, a committee of freedmen addressed
Colonel Hunt the following communication :
Ra.leigh, North Carolina,
September 11,1870.
Sir: The undersigned, a deputation from the col-
ored people of Newberry, South Carolina, to visit
I^orth Carolina to ascertain the truth or falsity of
certain rumors in regard to the treatment of colored
people since the August election, have learned that
you have been here some weeks in your official
capacity, and, relying entirely upon the correctness
of your observations and impressions, beg, respect-
fully. that you will reply to the following inquiries:
# 1. Is it true or false that since the August elections
in this State the colored people are compelled to
carry passes about with them in order to secure their
protection ?
2. Is it true or false that colored people are now
whipped at the whipping-post?
'6. Is it true or false that the rights of the colored
people, as secured by law, are ignored in this State
by the white people?
4. Is it true or false that the public schools aro
closed against the colored people?
5. Have you any reason to fear or believe, from
your intercourse with the people, that the whites, or
the Conservatives and Democrats, have any purpose
or design to attempt to interfere with or abridge any
of the rights and privileges of the colored people
now secured to them by the Constitution and the
laws ? *
A plain answer will much oblige your obedient
servants, JIOSEA WYNN. a Democrat.
CASJiY I>AVTX>S, a liepublican.
General IIont, Commanding United States forces in
A orth Carolina.
To this Colonel Hunt replied as follows:
Headquarters District op Xorth Carolina.
Kaleigh, September 11, 1870.
Gkktlkmen : I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your note of yesterday's date, informing
me that you have been deputed by the colored peo-
ple of Newberry, South Carolina, -to ascertain tho
truth or falsity of certain rumors with regard to tho
treatment of colored people in this State since tha
election in August, and asking mo to reply to certain
quei-tious which you propose. To these questions
1 reply its follows:
" (jMition. Is it true or false that since the August
election in this State the colored people are com-
pelled to cai l-y piloses about them in order to secure
their protection?"
Answer. I havo never henrd of a colored person
being compelled to carry such pass, nor do X believe
that they have been compelled to do so,
" Qimi ion. Is it true or false that colored peopleare
now whipped at the whipping-post 1"
Answer. X have not heard of such a case, nor do I
believe that ono has occurred.
" Question. Is it true or false that the rights of the
coloied people, as secured by law, are ignored in this
State by tho white people?"
Answer. I'o the best of my knowledge, it is not
true.
" Question. Is it true or false that the publicschools
are closed aerainst the colored people?"
Answer. It is not true. Schools are not estab-
lished over the whole State, but thev are being
established as rapidly as practicable. The only dis-
tinction oetween white and colored people is that
there are separate schools for the two colors. Bat
the character of the schools is the same, and it is the
testimony of all with whom I have conversed upon
the subject that there is no disposition to deprive,
in any mann er, colored children of the advantages of
public schools. On the contrary, the desire of both
political parties is to give them equal advantages
with white children.
Question, llave yo|i any reason to fear or be-
lieve, trom your intercourse with the people, that
the whites, or Conservatives and Democrats, have
any purpose or design to attempt to interfere with
or abridge any of the rights of the colored people
now secured to them by the Constitution and th©
laws?"
Answer. I have not. From my intercourse with
gentlemen ot both political parties I have been
impressed with the conviction that it is both the
desire and intention to respect the rights of the col-
ored people, and to give them such iurther security
ior their rights as circumstances may show to be
necessary.
I will add that I came to this State but a few
days before the election; that immediately aftcrthe
result was known numerous colored people applied
to Army ofheers for employment which would enable
them to leave the country with the troops, as they
were afraid they would be ill-treated, and perhaps
reduced to slavery again. I believe this fear has
worn off, and those who were alarmed on the sub-
ject now feel safe.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
HENRY J. HUNT.
And now, Mr* Speaker, as of course I
