isn.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL (JLOBE.
201
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Civil Bights—Mr. Manning.
Ho. op Beps.
cannot examine in detail all the outrages
teeited in the various proclamations of Gov-
< mor I-Iolden, I propose to examine the most
prominent. And first comes the assassination
of John W. Stephens in the court-house in
Caswell county. What was his character? I
held in ray hand the record of an indictment
against him in the county of Rockingham for
stealing chickens. The indictment was found
in February, 1865, and the case regularly con-
tinned until May, 186G, when a nolle prosequi
was entered upon Stephens agreeing to pay all
the costs; in other words, he confessed his
guilt. He then left the county of Rockingham
and went over to Caswell, where he joined the
league, was a speaker and leader, and a negro
boy informed a prominent gentleman of Cas-
well that Stephens had made a speech in the
league advising the burning of certain barns.
The barns were burned, and Stephens was
assassinated. Colonel Hunt, commandant of
United States forces at Raleigh, was invited
by the chief justice of the supreme court to be
present at the investigation of this case, and
he states:
" I heard all the evidence which was published
and can, J suppose, be produced. Tliat against the
accused was very slight, and there was no evidence
whatever to show that the murder was the work of
any political organisation or that the accused be-
longed to any such organization."
Next is the case of Wyatt Outlaw, the colored
man hung in the court-yard at Graham, Ala-
mance county. The facts connected with this
crime are as follows: a party of disguised men,
whether white or black no one knows, were
riding through Graham, doing no harm to any
one. Outlaw shot at them; he took his life
into his own hands, and shortly he was hung.
In Orange county, in 1869, four negroes were
hung and one shot; two for making lewd over-
tures-to respectable white ladies, the details of
which I cannot give in this presence; three for
burning the barns of certain citizens, containing
all their grain and forage, for it was directly
after harvest. Their horses were also burned.
Colgrove, sheriff of Jones county, was shot.
He had been convicted in New York of the
crime of buying goods under false pretenses
before the war, and was sentenced and served
four years in the penitentiary. He was also
accused of using his office to oppress the citi-
zens of Jones ; of requiring excessive bail; of
receiving money in large sums to release per-
sons whose arrest he had caused, and of other
acts of official tyranny and malfeasance. Wyat
Prince, negro, who was wounded in my own
county was shot for burning the barn of Mr.
Boylan, with his horsesandgrain. Daniel Blue,
of Moore county, with his family, were foully
murdered, because, as it was alleged, lie had
informed upon certain persons for illicit dis-
tilling. The perpetrators of this crime were
white Republicans, who afterward, it is be-
lieved, also murdered old Mr. McLeod and his
wife and robbed him of his money. These
last victims were Democrats. Colonel Neth-
ereut, of Jones county, (a Democrat,) while his
wife and children were gathered around the
family altar, offering up to Almighty God their
evening sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving,
praying—
"That lie who stills the raven's clamorous nest,
And decks the lily tair in flowery pride,
Would in the way Ilis wisdom deemeth best.
For him and for his little one's provide" ■
was foully murdered.
The i'oscue family in Jones, five in number,
were also murdered, two daughters shut up in
the smoke-house, and the house fired into until
they were both killed. One woman with her
little infant escaped to the woods, and the child
perished from exposure. These outrages hap-
pened before Colgrove was murdered in the
county where he was ail powerful, and had, I
have no doubt, much to do with his own death.
A respectable lady of sixty years in the county
of Wake was dragged by two negroes from her
own house with a rope around her neck to the
woods and there violated. These negroes were
arrested, permitted to live until their trial, con-
victed, and executed. Would these criminals
ever, think you, have reached the jail door in
any other State ? No, Mr. Speaker; they would
have been hung on the nearest tree. In addi-
tion to all this, tobacco barns and mills were
burned, and the farmers subjected to almost
innumerable losses by acts of larceny andtres-
Mr. Speaker, I could go on with this recital,
but I will not. I have shown provocation
enough. I will make two remarks more in
this connection: one is that a Rev. Mr.
Paisly, a negro and a preacher, with two other
negroes, were convicted in Alamance superior
court, before Judge Tourgee, of kukluxing
Other negroes, and sentenced to six years' im-
prisonment in the penitentiary. Next, I hold
m my hand a certified copy of the testimony
taken before two magistrates in the county
of Wake, which proves the existence, beyond
doubt, of a regular conspiracy among the ne-
groes for burning barns and houses; one party
to do the burning and another to do the shoot-
ing, provided the owner should attempt to save
his property; and that in consequence of this
the barns of Mr. Mims, Mr. Pegram, and
Mr. Branch, and the dwelling of Mr. Burt
were burned. When I left home the farmers
of Chatham, along Deep river, and in Wake
county were paying one dollar a night to have
their premises watched. These barn-burners
were tried in t.he Chatham superior court at a
special term held by Judge Tourgee, con-
victed, and sentenced to the penitentiary for
terms of from seven to twenty years.
But, Mr. Speaker, I rejoice to be able to say
that the crimes-and outrages of the character
mentioned in Governor Hoiden's proclamations
no longer occur in North Carolina; none have
occurred since May, 1870. And on the 15th of
May, 1870, the Governor announced by proc-
lamation that the civil law was restored. And
in his message to the present Legislature of
November 10, 1870, he declared again that
civil law was restored, and congratulated the
country that outrages had ceased and quiet was
established throughout the State. The Stale
government has passed now into Democratic
hands, who will see that wholesome laws are
faithfully executed, that the public peace is
preserved, that life, liberty, and property are
protected, and that the immigrant who wishes
to find a home in our good old State shall re-
ceive a hearty welcome.
Mr. Speaker, another manifestation of dis-
loyalty is plainly seen, say these gentlemen, in
the action of the present Legislature of North
Carolina in passing a bill submitting the ques-
tion of calling a convention to the people by
less than a two-thirds vote, as required by the
constitution. Their argument is as follows:
"All legislative power by the constitution is
vested in the Legislature ; the people have no
legislative power and cannot call a convention ;
the calling of a convention is a legislative act,
and to perform this legislative act by the con-
stitution a two-thirds vote is required; this act
does not pretend to have been passed by that
vote, consequently it is unconstitutional and
revolutionary." This proves too much; tor
if it is in the power of one convention thus to
restrict the people of a State they can require
a unanimous vote of a Legislature to call a
convention, and thus a few early settlers of a
State may lasten upon a people a constitution
for all time. If this be true constitutions are
the greatest curses instead of blessings that
can afflict a people, and our forefathers made
a great mistake in supposing that they had
accomplished something for constitutional lib-
erty.
I hold. Mr. Speaker, that the people arc the
source of all power, that constitutions are
mere letters of attorney from them to the
legislative an4 other departments of the gov-
ernment, limitations upon the powers of the
3gent, and that a people cannot if they would
surrender to this agent all legislative power.
For instance, there are certain provisions in
some of the State constitutions, Delaware
among the rest, which the constitution declares
shall never be amended or changed; and yet
will any lawyer hold that this is an absolute pro-
hibition upon the people, and that these pro-
visions must remain as the laws of the Medes
and Persians, that alter not? I hold that a
convention of the people, representing the
sovereignty of the people to-day, can no more
control a convention of the people represent-
ing that same sovereignty to-morrow than one
Legislature can control another.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the constitution of 1770
contains the following provision, section one:
" That the legislative authority shall be vested in
two distinct branches, both dependent upon the
people, to wit, a senate and house of commons."
The constitution of 18G8 has the following
kindred section :
"Art. 2,Sec. 1. Thelegislative authority shall be
vested in two distinct branches, both dependent on
the people, to wit: a senate and liouse of repre-
sentatives."
Now, no one will say but what these sections
are equivalent and what is the plain import of
their language, that the people have surren-
dered all legislative power. No; butilmtthe
"legislative power" surrendered, or rather
given to the Legislature, is to be exercised
according to the letter of attorney, to wit, the
constitution ■ and that wheu the Legislature
without consulting the people undertake to call
a convention they must do so, as provided in
sections one and two, of article twelve, to
wit, by a two-third vote. The language is :
" So convention of the people shall be called by
the (xeneral Assembly, unless by the concurrence of
two thirds of atl the members of each house ot the
General Assembly."
This clause contains no restriction on the
power of the principal, the people, hut only
upon that of the agent, the Legislature.
That this is the correct construction of this
clause in the constitution is evident from the
past history of the State. In 1635, the Gen-
eral Assembly of North Carolina, by two sev-
eral acts, directed that polls should be opened
for the purpose of ascertaining whether the
people would call a convention to consider
certain amendments proposed to be made m
the constitution of said State, and prescribed
a certain oath to be taken by the delegates;
and that if the majority of the people stiouid
vote in favor of a convention, the Governor
should by proclamation announce the fact,
and thereupon delegates should be elected
and a convention should assemble at a certain
time to consider of the said amendments pio-
posed by the Legislature. The convention so
called assembled in Raleigh, adopted certain
amendments, and submitted their action to
the people for ratification.
On the opening of the convention the power
of the Legislature to submit the call ot a con-
vention in this way to the people, to prescribe
an oath for its delegates, (fee., was called in
question, and Judge Gaston, our great jurist
and statesman, submitted the following re-
marks .-
"And why should its validity be questioned? The
State Legislature had, indeed, no authority to im-
pose an oath upon the members of the convention,
but the people had ratified the act of the Legislature
by choosing delegates under it. According to the
tkeoiy of our Government all political power wus
deiivedfrom the people, and when tbey choose to
make a grant of poe'er they might ninke a plenary
or a restricted grant, might give it alt or in part.
Xhts Legislature by the act proposed to the people a
convention with potveis, restrictions, and Lmica-
tious set iorthm the act. it, was, as it came Irom
the Legislature, no more than a proportion or rec-
ommendation. Xtie proposition havnis been
tioned.it became an act of i be people. Hut it Jins
been sanctioned precisely as it was proposed, teueu
