1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
800
with it the power to preserve a republican form
of government as the means by which a re-
publican form of government can be guaran-
tied. I ask any gentleman on this floor if a
republican form of government can be main-
tained and preserved in the States of this
Union without education for all the children
of these States?
Mr. McNEELY. I will answer the gentle-
man that it is now maintained by means of
that sort.
Mr. LA-WRENCE. Just wait a moment.
We are to consider not what merely is, but
what might be. Suppose a State should fail
to provide the means of education, what then?
Without these a State cannot survive in a re-
publican form. Statistics will show that some
of the States have neglected the means of
education; but I will not go into that now. !
I assume, what every man knows to be true, '
that a republican Government has never ex- 1
istfd and never will exist, and it nevercan exist,
without universal edueation for all the youth
of the land. Then, if we have the power to
guaranty a republican form of government.,
and if, as the Constitution says, we have power
to pass all laws necessary and proper for that
purpose; if universal education is necessary
for that purpose, and if any State fails to pro-
vide a system of education which will secure
a republican form of government, then Con-
gress unquestionably, undoubtedly, has power
to do that very thing. Sir, there can be no
doubt about it.
By the clause of the Constitution to which I
have referred it is the duty ot—
"The United States to guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government.'
The duty devolves on "the United States,"
the national Government in all its departments.
Congress, as one of those departments, is
bound to enact the laws necessary and proper
for carrying into execution " the power thus
conferred, the duty thus imposed.
Now, in order to peiform this duty, what-
ever it may be, the national Government must
preserve its own existence. If it perishes the
duty to guaranty will not be performed. Self-
preservation is the first law of nature with
nations as well as individual men. But here a
duty is demanded of the national Government
which requires its own preservation, its own
continued existence. Education is essential to
this, and being essential, if it is not adequately
provided by the States Congress may provide
it, because it is necessary and proper as a means
to an end. _ .
But the power to establish schools m the
contingency I have named does not rest alone
on the°power of self preservation so expressly
enjoined and required by the Constitution.
The duty imposed on Congress to guaranty
a republican form of government to each State
of the Union carries with it as a means to an end
the right to establish schools when necessary in
any particular State. The power to guaranty
a republican form of government is not merely
the nower so forcibly asserted by the bupreuie
Court of the. United States in the case known
as the "Rhode Island case," to overturn a State
government not republican in form and set up
one which is republican in form, but it is a
power to prolong its existence in a republican
form bv all th'e means necessary to that end
which the State may neglect. If education be
a necessary means, as it is, and if the State
neglects it, then the latent diity of Congress is
called into life and being with a plenitude of
power which knows no limit short of the estao-
lishment and perpetuity of a republican State
government.
It is upon this theory that all the laws known
as the "reconstruction laws" of the last two
Congresses have been enacted and sustained.
The°debates in Congress of the last six years
are full of the argumentwhieh proves the power
I am maintaining.
Here, then, is ample power.
If it were required, I might find the neces-
sary power in other provisions of the Consti-
tution.
The preamble to that instrument says:
"The people of the United State?, in order to form
a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure do-
mestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
promote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United
States of America."
And in section eight of article one it is said
Congress shall have power by certain means
to provide for—
" the common defense and general welfare of the
United States."
Mr. Madison, in his veto message of March
8, 1817, said:
"The common defense and general welfare em-
brace every object and act within the purview ot a
legislative trust."
And in the Federalist he says :
" The present Congress [of the Confederation] have
a.j complete authority to require of the States indefi-
nite supplies of money for the common defense and
general welfare as the future Congress will have to
require them of individual citizens,"
Mr. Justice Story says these words are—
" broad enough to include all the purposes contem-
plated by the Constitution."
Alexander Hamilton says:
"The phrase (general welfare)is as comprehensive
as any that could have been used, because it was not
fit that the constitutional authority of the Union to
appropriate its revenue should have been restricted
within narrower limits than the general welfare, and
because this necessarily embraced a vast variety of
particulars which are susceptible neither of speci-
fication nor of definition."
Mr. Monroe says:
'"Mere comprehensive terms, then,' to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare 'could not have been used.'"
In February, 1791, Mr. Lawrence, of New
York, one of the ablest men who ever repre-
sented that Empire State, said in Congress :
"The principles of the Government and the ends
of the Constitution were expressed in its preamble :
it is established for the common defense and general
welfare; the body of that instrument contained pro-
visions the best adapted to the intention of those
principles and the attainment of those ends. To
these ends, principles, and provisions Congress was
to have a constant eye; and then by the sweeping
clause they were vested with the powers to carry the
ends into execution."
But I do not now deem it necessary to affirm
or deny whether there is a substantive " gen-
eral welfare" power conferred on Congress by
the Constitution.
Nor do I now affirm or deny that it is expe-
dient in any one or more States to provide
common schools under laws of Congress by
taxation on such States or otherwise.
I am only discussing the naked question
of constitutional power. It exists beyond a
doubt. It is settled by the practice of the
Government, sustained by every department
and the approval of all the States. And I
may say that, it is a power that has been
exercised from the foundation of the Govern-
ment up to this hour during almost all the past
years of our history. We have granted lands
to the States in aid of common schools;
and if we may thus indirectly aid public and
common schools may we not do it directly ?
We have granted lands to establish agricul-
tural colleges in the States; and if we can aid
them indirectly, can we not do it directly ? We
have expended millions of dollars^ to enable
the Freedmen's Bureau to establish^ common
schools; and can we not tax the States and
make them pay for them? _
Sir, I am for universal education for all tne
youth of the land, of every race, color, class,
sex, and creed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr MAYNARD. Will my friend from Ari-
zona [Mr. McCobmick] yield to me for two
minutes? _ 3
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I will yield
for fifteen minutes to my friend from Califor-
nia. [Mr. Axtell.] .
Mr MAYNARD. i would ask my friend
from California to yield to-me for two minutes.
Mr AXTELL. 1 will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I take this opportunity
to say that as I was returning home from the
session of the House last night I passed on the
avenue a couple of colored citizens in conver-
sation with each other. Walking more rapidly
than they did, and passing them, I eould not
but overhear what they were saying. I learned
that they were discussing between themselves
the very question now before this House. One
said to the other, "All that the colored man
wants to give him success and prosperity is
education." And that is the sentiment, not
only of that class of people, but of the masses
of the people of our country. That is the pop-
ular heart. And in that single expression of
that unenlightened and uninstructed colored
man is contained a greater volume of states-
manship than can be found in what is said by
all the gentlemen in this House and out of it
who oppose the education of the people by the
people and for the people.
Mr. N1BLACK. Will my friend from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Axtell] yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. AXTELL. I must decline to yield
further, as my time is very limited. I would
be happy to yield all the time I ever get on
this floor to gentlemen who have always ex-
tended so much courtesy toward me for the
last three or four years, who have yielded to
me one minute at a time, occasionally two
or three minutes, and very rarely five minutes.
But now, as I have but twelve minutes, I
desire not to be interrupted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will endeavor to secure to the gentleman the
uninterrupted use of his time.
territorial development.
Mr. AXTELL. My friend frffm Arizona
[Mr. McCormick] has kindly given me a few
minutes of his time that I may submit some
brief remarks in the line of those which he
himself proposes to make, in relation to the
great region of country which he in part rep-
resents, the vast wastes of land lying west of
the Mississippi; a vast territory, larger than
the old thirteen States, embracing nearly two
thirds of all the United States lying west of the
Mississippi river, but now in the condition so
beautifully described by Tennyson, when he
speaks of—
"A waste land in which no man comes,
Or has come since the making of the world.
A land roamed over by Indians, inaccessible,
given up to desolation. A land embracing
vast stretches of country, to travel through
which, even by railroad, occupies days_ and
nights. A land spreading out so extensively
as to suggest to the observer the idea of
boundlessness.
In that vast country there are but few navi-
gable rivers, the natural highways of men;
there are but few fertile and wooded plains
abounding in all the necessaries of life. Many
of them embrace large tracts of desolate coun-
try ; and it seems to me a self-evident proposi-
tion that the individual actual settler never can
occupy this-domain, never can redeem it and
bring it into civilization, except by Govern-
ment aid. I regret that gentlemen residing in
the cities, surrounded by all the comforts and
luxuries of life, look with so cold an eye and
so unsympatliizing a heart upon the territo-
ries and the new land west of the Mississippi.
Men of the older States, where the land has
been brought under cultivation—where the soil
has been not only rendered habitable by those
who have heretofore settled it, but has been
transmitted to their sons as the very garden
of the world—look coldly and misympathiz-
ingly upon this vast territory west of .the Mis-
sissippi. ..
It is true that the Government has built us
one railroad—no more for us than for you,
because whatever develops and civilizes a
countrv, whatever helps to transport troops
and munitions,, to carry Government_ agents
and officials, is a public necessity. I he Gov-
ernment has assisted in building one railroad ;
