1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0B1.
February 24,
ing the obligation of contracts, necessarily in-
vests the General Government with authority
to correct such infractions of the Constitution
by appropriate legislation, confined to those
particular subjects. The term, therefore,
u appropriate legislation" confers no new
grant of power, but declares only the exist-
ence of an implied power.
But what is proposed by this bill ? You pro-
pose to send United States marshals to super-
intend State registrations and elections held
and regulated by State laws. You propose to
make tbem spies and informers upon State
officers and authorities. You propose to pre-
scribe the manner in which these State officers
shall perform their dutaes, and to punish any
one by fine and imprisonment who violates
a law of a State. You assume the right to
write upon and identify the books and papers
of judges and registration officers; to chal-
lenge persons offering to register ; to mark
upon the book such challenges; to challenge
voters at elections; to inspect and scrutinize
at all times during the election the manner
in which the voting is done and poll-books
kept; to scrutinize, count, and canvass each
and every ballot; to remain before and behind
the ballot-boxes; to have appointed marshals,
deputy marshals, and special deputies with-
out number, and in their discretion, before
or after registration or voting, to arrest and
take into custody, with or without process,
any person who shall in their judgment commit
any offense under this act. It punishes auy
one who, by authority of any sovereign State,
shall obstruct these high functionaries of the
Federal Governmentin performing their duties
as they may choose to understand them ; and
any who shall not in humble submission get
out of the way in their "full and free access
and egress to and from any such place of regis-
tration or poll of election and also punishes
any one 4' who shall refuse to aid and assist any
supervisor of election, or the marshal, or his
general or special deputies, or either of them,
in the performance of his or their duties, when
required by him or themand shall be sub-
ject to immediate arrest without process, and
on conviction to be punished by imprisonment
not less than one nor more than two years, or
by fine not less than $1,000 nor more than
$3,000, or by both fine and imprisonment, and
to pay the costs of prosecution! Every special
deputy is to be paid five dollars per day; and
in case any citizen shall sue any of these high
dignitaries in any of the State courts for as-
sault and battery, or false imprisonment, or if
any grand jury shall indict any such Federal
officer or deputy for an offense against the
peace and order of the State, the defendant
at his mere will and pleasure, without an
affidavit, can put all the State courts at defi-
ance, and remove his case to a United States
court, distant from the scene oF outrage and
oppression, and in "which the jury is to be
selected by a partisan officer in full sympathy
and accord with these supervisors, deputies,
and special deputies, and overseers of State
elections. Did any bill ever before presented
to an American Congress contain such a cata-
logue of oppressions and enormities as that
under consideration ? The alien and sedition
laws of the elder Adams were mild and be-
nignant compared with the provisions of this
bill. They were intended as aids to prop a fail-
ing Administration; these, to perpetuate party
ascendency under the guise of a disposition
to prevent or punish frauds. The first proved
to be a lever to overthrow those whom they
were intended to subserve ; the latter will con-
tribute much to the discomfiture and destruc-
tion of a party which, for partisan ends, will
inflict so many and such dangerous wounds
upon the Constitution of the country and the
liberties of the people.
In cities having upward of twenty thousand
inhabitants the most rigorous and tyrannical
usurpations of power in this bill are to be used
with signal severity. And by whom are these
assumed powers to be exercised? Is it by the
wise, the prudent, the discreet; the man of
order, of property, and of peace? Ng, sir.
Look at the elections held in Hew York city
in November last under Federal supervision
and bayonet influence. Who were the depu-
ties and special deputies appointed to ssper-
ihtend tije election in that city, to arrest and
regulate? I hold in my hand a list, of consid-
erable length, of these special celebrities, as
published in the New York World in Novem-
ber last. Some are robbers, convicted felons,
penitentiary convicts, and others who had been
guilty of crimes. They were appointed by
Judge Woodruff, a judge of a United States
court. I read a few names:
" Theodore, alias Mike Anthony, alias Snuffey, of
24 Cherry street, a laborer, thirty-five years of age,
married, and cannot read or write. Anthony was
arrested by Detective James Finn, of the fourth pre-
cinct, on July 24.1870, for larceny from the person,
and washeliin $2,000 bail for trial by Justice Hogan.
He was indicted by the grand jury on the charge on
the 23d of August last.
" Joseph Prazier, of 279 Water street, is a thief, and
confederate of thieves.
^ " James Miller is the keeper of a den of prostitu-
tion in the basement of339 Water street.
"James Tinnigan keeps a similar den in the base-
ment of 337 Water street.
"James Sullivan, alias Slocum, keeps a house of
prostitution at 330 Water street,wjiich is a resort for
desperate thieves.
"Frank Winkle keeps a house of prostitution at
337? Water street. The police are frequently called
in to quell fights in Winkle's place, and it hears a
hard reputation.
"The Radical authorities have appointed one
John, alias 'Backey/ McCabe a supervisor of the
ejghth district, fifteenth ward- He Is now under
indictment for shooting a man with intent to kill.
This precious * supervisor ' originated here, and was
first known to the police for his dexterity in rob-
bing emigrants. His picture is in the 'rogue's
gallery' at police headquarters in this city, No. 225.
He was known as Pat. Maddon, alias 4 Old Sow,'
alias Honsey Nichols, alia  Dennis McCabe. His
real name is Andrew Andrews. His wife resides
in North Pearl street, and the 'supervisor/ of the
eighth district, fifteenth ward, New York, is down
in the directory as a citizen of Albany.
" William Lewis is a. supervisor iii the nineteenth
ward. He was arrested November 22,1864, for steal-
ing from Mr. Frederick Landmann, corner of Third
avenue and Seventy-second street, the following
property: one gold watch and chain, one locket,
ear-rings, bracelet, and breastpin, all valued^ at $195.
The stolen property was found in his possession, and
the prisoner was committed for trial by Justice
Connolly. He was afterward released to go and
enlist in the Army.
"Joseph Hurtnett* supervisor eighteenth ward,
Arrested June 3,as accessory to the murder
of Richard (jerdes, a grocer, corner of First avenue
and Twenty-fourth street..
44 Henry Rail, supervisor eighth ward. One of the
principals in the Chatham street saloon murder;
went off West to escape punishment, and has only
been back a few weeks.
"James Moran, supervisor third district, eighth
ward. Arrested on Sunday last for felonious assault.
" William (alias Pomp) Harton, (colored.) marshal
twenty-second ward. Arrested a few days since for
vagrancy.
" Theodore Allen, marshal eighth ward. Now in
prison for perjury, and keeps a house the resort of
panel-thieves and pickpockets, on Mercer street.
"Richard O'Connor, supervisor seventh district
first ward. Has been for yearsreceiver of smuggled
cigars from Havana steamer.
"L. H. Cargill, supervisor ninth district, ninth
ward. Tried in United States court for robbing the
mail.
"John Van Buren, supervisor twelfth district,
eighth ward. Was at one time in sheriff's office,
and discharged for carrying a load of seized goods
from the establishment of Eichard Walters, in eats
Broadway.
"Mart Allen, marshal eighth ward. Served a
term of five years in the Connecticut State prison.
Sentenced to Sing Singfor five years by Judge Bed-
ford. His case was appealed, and while waiting for
decision he managed to ^et out on bail. His case has
been decided against him, and he has tied to x>arts
unknown to ply his vocation and help the Radicals
elsewhere.
"John McChesney, supervisor fourth district,
ninth ward. Associates with thieves; bears a bad
character generally.
"William Cassidy, supervisor twelfth district,
ninth ward. Is a street bummer, without any visible
means of support.
"Thomas Mclntire, marshal eighth ward. Has
been frequently arrested for beating his aged mother.
Seut several times to Blackwell's island.
"Timothy Lynch, marshal sixth district, first ward.
A Washington Market lounger.
" Peter Mose, marshal sixth ward. Habitual
drunkard.
"John Connor, supervisor first district, first ward.
Keeps a disorderly gin-mill, resort of lowest char-
acters.
"Francis Jordan, supervisor sixth district, first
ward. Lives in New Jersey; was turned out of the
post office by Postmaster Jones for bad conduct.
" Bernard Dugan, supervisor eighth district, first
ward. Habitual drunkard. His wife left him on
account of his drunkenness, and procured a divorce
on that ground.
"John Tobin, supervisor ninth district, first ward.
Arrested about six months ago for grand larceny.
" Patrick Murphy, supervisor fourth district, sixth
ward. .Two years ago distributed fraudulent natu-
ralization papers, and would furnish tUem to any-
body that would promise to vote for Grant.
"Edward Slevin, jr.. supervisor second district,
fourth ward. Has an indictment now pending against
him in court of general sessions for cutting a boy
named Kilkenny.
" Michael Foley, supervisor fourth district, fourth
ward. Well-known repeater, voting for anybody
that will pay.
" James F. Day, supervisor seventh district, fourth
ward. Shot at a man in a fight between the Walsh
association and a gang from Water street.
"John Conners, * alias Jockey,' supervisor third
district, fourth ward. A well-known desperate char-
acter.
"Dennis Hogan, supervisor ninth district, first
ward. A bounty bird during the war.
"Richard Enright, supervisor in first ward,eighth
district. Arrested for robbery in 1863.
"John Grimes, supervisor twelfth district, fifth
ward. Arrested in April, 1863, for stealing a gold
watch.
" Michael Costello, marshal sixth ward. Bounty-
jumper during the war.
" Harry Rice, supervisor thirteenth district, sixth
ward, was connected with the Chatham street con-
cert saloon murder, and fled to Nebraska to escape
punishment.
"Thomas Lane, supervisor seventeenth district,
sixth ward. Formerly keeper of a notorious den at
Five Points, headquarters of thieves and robbers.
" John Lane, supervisor twenty-second district,
same ward. Was indicted for receiving stolen goods.
Has served a term in Sing Sing,
** Edward Foley, supervisor sixth district, ninth
ward. Arrested last year for stealing a watch.
" Humphrey Aysrs, supervisor eighteenth district,
ninth ward. Arrested six years ago for robbing the
United States mail.
"John Dowhng, supervisor nineteenth district,
ninth ward. Arrested August *20,1869, for till-tap-
" James Fitzsimmons, supervisor twentieth dis-
trict, ninth ward. Arrested August 1,1868, for rob-
bery.
"John Martin, supervisor fifth district, twelfth
ward. Arrested a few years ago under an indictment
for arson.
"Samuel Rich, supervisor fourth district, thir-
teenth ward. Served a term of two years at Sing
Siog for felonious assault.
"John.alias "Buckev," McCabe, supervisor eighth
district, fifteenth ward. Charged with shooting a
man with intent to kill about a year ago.
"William P. Buifce, supervisor twentieth district,
eigthth ward. Served his term in the State prison
of Massachusetts for burglary; also two years in the
New "Xork State prison.
"James McCabe, supervisor fourth district, eighth
ward. Now confined in the Tombs under indict-
ment for highway robbery.
"William Irving, supervisor fourteenth district,
eighth ward. Has served a term in Sing Sing prison
for burglary committed in the eighth ward, and
has never been pardoned.
"Patrick Henry Kily, Fred. Williams, super-
visor twenty-second district eighth ward. Keeper
of a house of ill-fame; resort ot the lowest and vilest
characters.
" Patrick Hefferman, supervisor of the tenth dis-
trict sixth ward. Arrested some time since lor
attempted murder.
"Frederick Sterringer, supervisor eighth ward.
Has been arrested several times for keeping dis-
orderly house.
"J. F. Baderhop, supervisor tenth ward. Arrested
for murder a few years since.
"Ed. Weaver, marshal in eighth ward._ Has been
but a short time out of State prison, where he ha^
been serving out his sentence.
" Walter Prince, (colored,) marshal eighth ward.
Now in prison awaiting trial for highway robbery.
"Andrew Andrews, alias Hans Nicols, marshal.
Panel-thief; been sentenced two or three times to
State prison, and has just returned from Blackwell s
Island."
That is only one of tliree lists published in
the New York World just before the last elec-
tion in that city.
Such, Mr. President, are the persons selected
to supervise elections, held by sworn judges
and clerks, of intelligence, integrity, and char-
acter, appointed under State laws. Sack are
the special deputies and conservators of the
peace—to preserve the ballot-box, as the Sen-
ator from New York said, when he reported
the bill, from piracies and frauds, felons and
men of infamous character, as stated by the
journal referred to—set as seatinels over just
and honorable men acting under State laws.
These men, officers of the State, selected for
their probity, iiujp*rti<klity, and capacity, are ta
be watched and spied by the former iamatea
