1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
of prisons and brothels. These are the deputies
and special deputies, under this bill, who are
to be made the especial guardians of the purity
and integrity of the ballot-box. They who have
been steeped in fraud and vice to be converted
into the immaculate defenders and protectors
of the elective franchise! I do not presume that
Judge Woodruff could have been acquainted
with their true character. Charity leads me to
doubt it, although I do not know anything of
the judge. Possibly, in such a populous city
be did not know any of them, but depended
upon professional politicians for their selec-
tion ; and it is probable that in nine cases in
ten politicians will make the selections and
the judge the appointments; Ma duty will vir-
tually be nominal, and these officers who are
to hold in their hands the powers conferred
by the bill will be thus selected for the espe-
cial party duties which may be required of
them, and from a class of men best fitted to
subserve the ends of party and to carry out
the principle that "all is fair in politics."
But what right has Congress to interfere with
the registration of voters ? What clause of
the Constitution gives them the right? The
States have the exclusive power to judge of
and fix thequalifications of voters; not deny-
ing or abridging the right by reason of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. The
States are to fix the age and residence. The
"manner" of conducting an election refers
to a different subject.
Mr. King, in the Massachusetts convention
to adopt the constitution, said—
" That the manner was by ballot, and the places
the towns, See.; that the power of control given by
this section extends to the manner of election, not
the qualifications of electors. The qualifications are
age and residence."
The purpose of registration is to ascertain
before an election, in a calm and deliberate
manner, when testimony can be had on both
sides, who have age and residence entitling
the applicant to vote. The object of registra-
tion is to protect the ballot-box from illegal
Totes and to preserve it from desecrations,
frauds, and mistake. Unless the3e were the
primary purposes and objects it would be a
useless expenditure of time and money on
the part of the States to make registration of
voters. The Governors generally appoint the
ofiicers of registration, i'hey are selected for
their capacity and integrity. They are sworn
to discharge their duties faithfully afid im-
partially. This they did for State purposes
before your fifteenthamend ment was in form
adopted. But while thus engaged the Federal
Government, steps in, and its officers become
spies and informers under this law. rroni
what source is the power derived by the Gen-
, eral Government? The qualifications of voters
being as before stated, age and residence, and
they being entirely within State control, it fol-
lows that the right assumed is without author-
ity on the part of the Federal Government.
Thcbill before the Senate is clearly unconsti-
tutional. It far transcends the limitations of
power provided in tlie Constitution.. It reaches
into State reserved power and puts in jeopardy
the liberty of the citizen. It places the citi-
zen of a Stale, living under and in the ob-
servance of State laws, in the fulfillment of
every duty which he owes to the btate which
protects him, and to which lie is bound by his
allegiance, under the surveillance, inspection,
and jurisdiction of Federal officials, who, in
their discretion, may arrest and deprive him
of his liberty, although the Constitution de-
clares that no one shall be deprived of Ins
liberty without due process of law.
Maeaulay, in his History of England, saiu;
"We have been taught by long experience that
wo cannot without danger 8UfcrTJ'?y.^r®^5)'^
Constitution to pass unnoticed. It is therefore now
universally held that a Uovermnent whi^ uuneee*-
eaiily exceeds its powers ought to lie \isited witn
sevuro parli Jinentary censui e.
The people of this country will hold to a
sevn'C and cei'tam responsibility the authors
and advocates of the many and flagrant mhac-
tions of the Constitution which abound in the
nineteen sections of this bill. A retributive
punishment awaits the party that subverts the
Constitution and tramples upon the rights of
the States and the freedom of the citizen to
preserve its own abnormal existence.
But this whole power, as claimed by the Fed-
eral Government, proceeds from and is based
upon a distrust and want of confidence by the
administrators of that Government in the State
governments and in all their administrators.
Congress and the President say to the States
and to their Governors and legislators: We
distrust your motives and your purposes; we
have no confidence in your impartiality or
your integrity or your professed good faith.
Congress and the Executive, if this bill shall
be passed and virtually signed, say to the Gov-
ernors of States: We doubt yonr sincerity and
your intention to make a fair and just regis-
tration, as you had previously done. They
say to the commissioners of registration and
judges of elections: We have no faith in your
administration of this duty of registration or
election; you have been sworn, but we doubt
your fairness and your integrity; we will set
watches and supervisors and special deputies
over you. This is, in effect, placing the Gen-
eral Government in direct hostility to the State
Government. It places them in complete an-
tagonism. It says, in effect, to the Governors,
commissioners of registration, judges of elec-
tion, and to the people of the States: We
have no faith, hope, or trust in any of you.
Here is a Government, federal in its charac-
ter, sustained and supported by the State gov-
ernments and by the people of the States,
made the detractor, the accuser, and defamer
of those who give it vitality and power. It
in effect pronounces and attempts to fix a
stigma upon the people of the United States.
It assumes that they are neither just nor hon-
est, that tbey are ready and willing to violate
law, order, and good government, to counte-
nance, protect, and give aid and comfort to
fraud and fraudulent practices; that although
they may have been loyal during the war, may
have sustained the Government by personal ser-
vice, pecuniary means, and individual influ-
ence, they are not now worthy of the respect and
confidence of the .Republican party in Congress
assembled ; they are not to be trusted as their
forefathers were in the better days of Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Madison, and their success-
ors before the war. The leveling principles
of universal suffrage, and equality of races and
color, have worked a wonderful change in the
condition of the white race; for while they have
elevated the negro in the scale of respect and
confidence of their Republican friends, the
whites have lost iti a corresponding ratio their
esteem and favor. Ihese sable citizens, en-
couraged by their new allies, are beginning to
contend for social equality and amalgamation.
In the District of Columbia many of them are
clamorous for mixed schoolsof wbiteanu black,
and in New York city last autumn a meeting
of the colored American citizens was held in
the Cooper Institute. A portion of the pro-
ceedings of that meeting I read from a printed
slip. The first resolution declares—
"That rejoicing ill the abolition of chattel slavery
and theeiiualeitiieuship of colored men, guarantied
by the fifteenth amendment, wo doi>lor® ,'j1?
tinued existence ot the spirit of caste, n men still
frequently excludes coloied people from hotels, the
saloons and staterooms of steamboats. .kf*!
workshops, places ol amusements, cqiiaUdui,,aiou.il
advantages, and irorn duo soei.il recognition.
Then follows a complimentary recognition
of the aetion of the Radical party 111 obtaining
political equality for the negro, concluding
with this significant demand:
" We therefore call upon Senators and Represent-
atives to promptly adopt at the ensuing session ot
Ooii^iess Senator Sumner's proposed bUl supple-
rne nS to he civil rights bill, or an equivalent
measure, not less stringent and comprehensive.
Following this is a demand upon '• profess-
ing Christians of all denominations, and the
conductors of the religious press, to labor
unceasingly for the total extinction of the
oppressive and unchristian spirit of caste; "
and it concludes by clamoring for a Utopia
of amalgamation, '' in which there shall be
no invidious distinctions on account of either
race, sex, or nationality." These are some
of the consequences of Kepublican rule; and
the passage ot the bill now before us is another
chapter in the degrading and downward course
of disparaging and partial legislation.
Mr. President, the dignity of the States, their
time-honored institutions : the revolutionary
history of the old Thirteen ; their gallantry and
services for liberty and independence ; their
privations, sufl'^fings, and sacrifices of blood
and treasure ; the valor of their soldiers, the
wisdom of their statesmen, the eloquence of
their sons, their struggles for great represent-
ative principles, and their contributions to the
founding and establishing of this Government,
are forgotten, or remembered only with indif-
ference by the modern legislation of partisans
and temporizers to preserve the ascendency and
continuance of a new and leveling organiza-
tion) which eschews the spirit of our institu-
tions, subverts the fundamentals of the Con-
stitution, breaks down the political barriers
between the Federal and State governments,
and consolidates power in a great central
Government, which will inevitably absorb the
rights of the States, destroy their sovereignty,
and lead to monarchy, aristocracy, anarchy,
or revolution. Our only safety and rescue
from this whirlpool of party absorption and
destruction is to restore the country to its
normal and proper condition, the States to
their wonted and lost rights, and the General
Government to its old, regular, constitutional
orbit and action.
Mr. JOHNSTON. If it is in order I wish
to move an amendment to strike out the eighth
section of the bill. ®
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Then I move to strike
ou.t that section, and I ask to have the sec-
tion read.
The Chief Clerk read the section proposed
to be stricken out, as follows:
Sec 8 And bo it further enacted. That whenever an
election at which Uepresentauves or Delegates in
Congress are to be chosen shall bo held in any city
or town ot twenty thousand inhabitants or upward,
the marshal of the United States tor the district m
wdich said city or town is situated shall have power,
and it shall be his duty, on application, m writing,
of at least two citizens residing in any such city or
town, to appoint special deputy marshals, whose
duty i* shall be, when required as provided m this
act, to aid and assist the supervisors of election m
the verification ol any list ol persons made under the
provisions ol this aet. who may have registered, or
voted or either; to attend in each election district
or voting precinct at the times and places fixed lor
the registration oi voters, and at all times and places
when and where said registration may by law be
scrutinized, and the names ot registered voters be
marked for challenge; and also to attend, at all
tunes lor holding such elections, the polls ot the
election in such district or precinct. And the mar-
shal and his general deputies, and such special dep-
uties &haU have power, and it shall be tne duty ot
such special deputies, to keep the peace, and sup-
cort and protect the supervisors ot elections m tho
discharge of their duties, preserve order at such
piacesof registration and at such polls, prevent fraud-
ulent registration and iraudulent voting thereat, or
fraudulent conduct on the part oi any officer ol elec-
tion, and immediately, either at said piaeo of regis-
tration, or polling-place, or elsewhere, and either
before or alter registering or voting, to arrest and
tako into custody, with or without process, any per-
son who shall commit, or attempt or otter to commit,
any ot the acts or offenses prohibited by this act, or
the act hereby amended, or who shall commit anv
offense against the lawsot the United htates. V io-
vided, That no pei  un shall be .arrested without pro
ce«s for any offense not committed in the presence
of the marshal or his, general or special deputies, oi
either of them, or ot tne supervisors ot election, or
ekh"- oi- them,'and"for the purposes of arrest or tho
preservation of the peace, tho supervisor of elci,-
uon and each of them, shall, in the absence of tho
marshal's deputies, or it required to assist said dep-
uties have the same duties and powers as deputy
marsha s-. And provided further. That no person
Sail on the day or days of any such election be
arrested without process for any ofiense committed
en the day or days of registration.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr, President, 1 wish to
call the attention of the Senate and the couu-
