1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
the House on Indian affairs. [[lis speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN,
(at four o'clock arid forty minutes p. in.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Wilder
Estabrook and others, merchants and manu-
facturers of Boston, asking that manufactured
goods, including leaf tobacco, may be treated
as general merchandise and not subject to tax
on sales.
Also, the petition of John J. Cisco and
others, of New York, praying Congress to
authorize the appointment of a commission to
audit and determine claims on account of dam-
ages by the Alabama and other British cruis-
ers, and asking that the United States should
thereupon pay the same.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a large num-
ber of the manufacturers of and dealers in
tobacco in Lexington. Kentucky, praying for
the repeal of the special tax and license im-
posed on hotel keepers, grocers, &c., who only
sell tobacco as an incident to their main
business.
By Mr. BURCHARD: The petition of
Jacob Krohn and 31 others, dealers in tobacco
and cigars, in Stephenson county, Illinois, for
repeal of tax upon sales of tobacco, snuff, and
cigars.
By Mr. MAYXARD: A petition of trus-
tees of the Eiltenhouse Academy, of Kingston,
Tennessee, praying Congress to authorize pay-
ment for use of the same hv the military author-
ities of the United States.
Also, proceedings and resolutions adopted
at a public meeting of colored citizens of
Clarksville, Tennessee, memorializing Con-
gress to take such action and promote such
measures as will insure them in the enjoy-
ment of civil, personal, and political rights
of which they are now deprived, and pray-
ing Congress to reconstruct that portion of
1 ennessee.
IX SENATE.
Moxday, January 30, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Iiev. .T. P. New-
J!.tx, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a letter from the Governor of Wisconsin,
transmitting a joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of that State, in favor of the construction
of'a railroad from St. Croix river to Bayfield.
As a bill on that subject has already passed
thfi Senate and is now pending in the House
of Representatives, this joint resolution will
be laid on the table and printed.
It was so ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
presents the petition of H. E. Stoddard and
others, residents on the Osage Indian lands in
Kansas, praying the extension of the time
within which they may acquire titles to their
homes to January 1, 1873, which will be re-
ferred to ihe Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think tliat petition
ought to be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands or lie upon the table. I think we
have reported a bill from the Committee on
Public Lands which covers that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If such a bill
has been reported, the petition will lie upon
the tabic.
Mr. FENTON. I present a certified copy
of the proceedings of the Kings County (New
York) Homeopathic Medical Society, at a
meeting recently held, in which they memo-
rialize Congress in reference to the establish-
ment of a homeopathic national university at
Washington. They pray Congress that they
make the establishment of one or more chairs
of homeopathy in said national university a
prerequisite to the granting of a charter for
the establishment of the same. I move its
reference to the Committee oti the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of
the board of aldermen of Cincinnati, Ohio, in
favor of the change of the plan of the New-
port and Cincinnati bridge in accordance with
the recommendation of the United States board
of engineers ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
.Mr. RAMSEY presented the proceedings of
the Chamber of Commerce and also of the
town council of the city of Duluth, Minnesota,
in favor of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of that city ; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of W.
P. Dockray and others, asking that the name
of the steamboat R. L. Mabey may be changed
to that of Florida ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PRATT. I present a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Indi-
ana instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives in Congress from that State to
make all proper exertions to prscure the pas-
sage of a law through Congress to allow every
soldier or seaman, including the widows or
orphans of those deceased, who served ninety
days or upward in the Army or Navy of the
United States in the war of the late rebellion,
and who was honorably discharged, to select,
one hundred and sixty acres of public lands
subject to sale, including alternate reserved
sections along the lines of railroads, without
requiring occupancy of the same. I move that
this joint resolution be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I also present a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, instructing the Senators aud request-
ing the Representatives in Congress from that
State to use their influence to secure the pas-
sage of a law to allow all honorably discharged
soldiers and seamen of the Army and Navy
of the United States who served in the war of
the rebellion, bounty at the rate of $8 So-} per
month for ail the time they served, deducting
therefrom the amount which they have already
received. I move that this joint resolution be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. T also present a concurrent
resolution of the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, which contains the following pre-
amble and resolve:
Whereas the Congre.^s of the United States hns
fromtinieto time voted large appropriations of lands
to railroad companies; and whereas there are good
reasons for believine that said corporate bodied have
realized vast sums ot money therefrom; and whereas
the continuation of such legislation would befoie
long deprive the nation of much of the public
i domain: Therefore, .
Beit resolved by Ike House, (the Senate concurring J
That our Representatives be requested and our Sen-
ators instructed to oppose, with their votes and influ-
ence any further donations of the public lands to
any private corporations.
I move that this joint resolution also be
printed, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
William D. Dorris, of Tennessee, praying com-
pensation for certain military services rendered
by him during the late rebellion ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Mrs. Mary J. Cunningham, widowof adeceased
soldier of West Virginia, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was rcferrad to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
. Mr. CRAGIN presented a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, addressed to the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, suggesting
the passage of a law authorizing the enlist-
mentof three hundred men at the Naval Acad-
emy for the purpose of manning practice ships ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
soldiers in the late civil war, praying amend-
ments to the homestead law; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the resolutions
and proceedings of the Kings County Homeo-
pathic Medical Society, touching the establish-
ment of a national university at Washington ;
and I move their reference to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
colleague presented similar resolutions tiiis
morning, which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; but if the
Senator prefers the Committee on Education
and Labor, these resolutions will be referred
to that committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no choice. I am
quite willing that the resolutions shall go to
that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
will be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. CONKLING also presented a petition
of envelope manufacturers, printers, and sta-
tioners of New York, praying that the man-
ufacture <ind sale of stamped envelopes by
the Government be discontinued; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition'of W. L. Barnes, \
a citizen of the State of New York, praying
the adoption of one general act under which
incorporations may occur, thus avoiding the
necessity of special charters by Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Boston, setting forth
that it is proposed to incorporate a national
university, and asking Congress so to frame
the charter that it shall provide, without pos-
sible evasion, for a professorship of the prac-
tice and theory of homeopathy in its medi-
cal department. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of H. L.
Amiss, of Culpeper county, Virginia, pray-
ing remuneration for certain supplies furnished
to the United States Army by him during the
late rebellion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Mrs. Adelaide Armstrong, widow of Y\[iliiam
M. Armstrong, United States Navy, praying
the difference of pay hetween commander and
captain from May 2-1, 1855, to January 6,185Q,
alleged to he due her late husband; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of B. D.
Christian, of New Kent county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. COLE. At the end of the last session,
at the very last hours, the papers in the case
of Lewis Goldstone were reported back by
the Committee on Foreign Relations. I sup-
pose now they are in the hands of the Secre-
tary of tiie Senate. I ask that they be taken
from the files of the Senate and re-referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, in order
that other testimony may be adduced by the
claimant-
It was so ordered.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr, WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
