204
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Claim of McQarralian—Mr. Loughridge.
41st Cong....3dSess.
decree was not entered until the 7th of Janu-
ary, 1858, when a decree was entered for three
leagues of land, and'which decree was entered
nunc pro tunc as of June, 1857. And on the
8th r>t" February, 1858, a seeond decree was
entered, the same as the first, but for four
leagues of land, which was also entered nuna
pro tune as of January, 1857. These decrees
weie drawn up by Ord, who had the entire
control of the case as attorney for the United
States, drawing up and entering decrees in
favor of himself and changing the same at his
pleasure.
On the 22d' of December, 1857, before the
entry of the first decree of the district court,
McGarrahan bought of Gomez his interest in
the claim for $1,100, and the same was con-
veyed to McGarrahan, and thus McGarrahan
and Ord became and were joint owners of the
claim, and were such at tlie time Ord drew up
the decrees in his own favor and had them
entered, and the fact thus became well known
to McGarrahan that Ord owned one half the
claim and was also acting as attorney for the
United States. After the entry of these decrees,
the Government, hearing of the great frauds
in these cases, sent Edwin M. Stanton out to
California to look into the cases generally, and
while there, Mr. Stanton, satisfied that this
case was a fraudulent one, filed a motion in the
district court to vacate the decree which Ord
had procured to be entered. This motion was
never acted upon by the court. Shortly after-
ward, Ord resigned his office, and on the 11th
ol January, 1800, the new district attorney
made a similar motion.
On the 21st of March, 1801, this motion was
heard, and Judge Ogier (the same judge who
had ordered the decree) sustained the motion
and vacated the decree. He used the follow-
ing language in his order :
"Whereas it lias come to flu; knowledge of this
court that a decree heretoibro rendered by tins
court in this ease was falsely obtained by misrepre-
sentation oi the thou district attorney, 1\ Ord, and
other counsel in the ease; and it appearing1 to the
satisfaction of the court, irom testimony on record
in thocase.th.it the then di*triet attorney, counsel
for the United rftates, was, at the time of makins
said decree, interested in the land claimed in said
cause adversely to the United States, and represent-
ing to the court that thero was.no objection to the
confirmation of tho claim aforesaid oil the part of
the United States, a dccrce was entered withoutan
examination by the court into the merits of said
cltfiin, thus deceiving the court and obtaining: a
decree in his own favor, under tho false pretense of
roprc-scntmg the interests of the United States, it is
therelore ordered, that all proceedings heretofore
had in said cause be set aside, and the cause be put
on tho calendar and set ior triai do. novo according
to law."
This order of vacation stood until August4,
18(32, seventeen months, when Judge Haight,
the successor of Judge Ogier, (Judge Ogier
having died,) on motion of McGarrahan, set
aside the order of Judge Ogier vacating the
decree, and restored the decree on the ground
that Judge Ogier had no jurisdiction to make
such order, in rendering his judgment at the
time Judge Haight used the following Ian*
guago:
""With the mode and mannei and reason for the
exercise of the power assumed by my predecessor no
fault can be found. A more gross case of fraud by
those charged with the care of public rights has
rarely boon presented. The late distiiet attorney.
P. Ord. e*q., owning about two thirds of the land
claimed, consents to a decree of confirmation, revers-
ing The opinion of the land commissioners and de-
creeing a confirmation of the grant and amount
claimed, would not probablybave taken place if the
matter had been contested. It is not, therefore, sur-
prising that my predecessor, on learning the facts,
should have been indignant, and set the whole aside.
With great reluctance I deeido licit th e order of this
court, m «!<■ and entered oil the 21st of March, 1861,
must bo i aside. The parties, of eourse, are not
without remedy, by appeal or otherwise," &c.
At the same time, August 25, 1862, Judge
Haight granted the United States an appeal
to the Supreme Court. But on the 3d of De-
cember, 1802, he set that order aside, and
decided that it was too late for an appeal.
From tkis fraudulent decree, thus obtained
and thus restored after having been vacated for
seventeen months, McGarrahan claimed that
there was no appeal; that the five years within
which appeals must be taken had expired, and
that not only should the seventeen months
during which the decree stood vacated be com-
puted in the five years, but also the time from
June, 1857, until February 8, 1858, in which
no decree was entered, should also be com-
puted. In September, 1862, Attorney Gen-
eral Bates ordered an appeal to be taken to
the Supreme Court, and from that time for
several years the contest was, on the part
of the Government to obtain an appeal, and
on the part of McGarrahau to prevent an
appeal from the fraudulent decree. But jus
tice finally triumphed, and the Supreme Court
decided that the appeal was properly taken,
and that the case was properly and legally in
that court for adjudication. All objections to
the legality of the appeal were overruled, and
the cause was finally reviewed and the judg-
ment of the Supreme Court was rendered by
a full and unanimous bench. I read the fol-
lowing extract from the opinion of the court:
" Regarding the ease as regularly before the court,
it becomes necessary to examine the merits of the
claim. Home suspicion attaches to it, because it is
made for four*leagues of land j whereas tho only
document introduced in support of it which is of the
least probative force represents the original claim-
ant as having askedfor butthree leagues. The doc-
umont referred to purports to be a petition of the
claimant to the Governor, and there is appended to it
the usual informs ; but thereis no concession or grant,
nor is there any satisfactory evidence that any title
of any kind was ever issued by the Governor to tho
claimant. He states in his petition to the land com-
missioners that he obtained the map or record from
the proper officers of tho Department; but the alleged
fact is not satisfactorily proved. Four witnesses were
examined by the claimant before tho land commis-
sioners, but only ono of the number pretended that
he had over seen the grant, and his statements are
quite too indefinite to be recoived as satisfactorily
proved.
" Instead of proving possession under the grant it
is satisfactorily shown that he never occupied it ;it
all, and it is doubtful if he ever saw the premises
during the Mexican luie. Xfie land commissioners
rejected the claim; but before it came up for hear-
ing in the district court his attorney had been ap-
pointed district attorney of tho United States, and
the proof shows that lie conveyed two leagues of
the land to the district attorney. The circumstances
of the confirmation of the claim in the district court
are fully stated in the opinion of this court, when
tho mandate was revoked and recalled. (United
States vs. Gomez, 23 Howard, 339.) Comment upon
thoso circumstances is unnecessary excopt to say
that tho confirmation was fraudulently obtained.
"Although the deoreo was fraudulently obtained,
still, inasmuch as it is correct in form, it is sufficient
to sustain tho appeal for the purpose of correcting
the error. The party who procured it cannot be al-
lowed to object to its validity as a means of perpetu-
ating fraud, especially as he did not appeal from the
decree. The decree of the district court is therefore
reversed, and the case remanded with directions to
dismiss the petition."
Thus, sir, the tribunal of last resort, as pro-
vided in the act to ascertain and settle all
private land claims in California, deliber-
ately and unanimously decided that this claim
was invalid and fraudulent, and this ought to
end the controversy. I assert it without fear
of contradiction, that no tribunal or public
officer has ever, in the whole coursc of this
case, decided on the merits of the case that
this claimant or his grantor was, either of
them, entitled to this land. The only decree
or judgment ever rendered in his favor was
the one obtained by fraud. And therefore
the committee properly reported that lie was
not entitled to any relief at the-hands of Con-
gress.
It is doubtless true that we have the power
to give the claimant the amount of land he asks
or any amount where prior rights have not
vested ; and cases have been cited where Con-
gress has passed acts for the relief of parties
who failed to make out their claim under the
Mexican law and where they had settled and
made improvements on the lands, but in no
other case or class of cases ; and it was to cover
cases of this kind that the act of 1866, before
referred to, was passed.
After thefinal decision of the Supreme Court
this claimant did apply, under the act of 18G6,
for relief under that act. His case \vas over-
ruled by the Secretary of the Interior as not
coming within the terms of that law. That
matter was taken to the supreme court of this
District and to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, and the Secretary of the Interior
was sustained in his decision. Thus there is
neither law nor equity in the claim, and I may
say here that the fact of claimant applying
under the act of 1866 to purchase the land as
the public domain is a direct admission by him
that he has no claim under the treaty, and
estops him from setting up any such claim.
And now I desire to say a few words in re-
lation to the resolution recommended by the
minority of the committee. What is the res-
olution recommended? It consists of two par-
agraphs. The first is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Interior to cause a certain record
on certain pages of a certain volume to be
transcribed into another volume. So far noth-
ing is to bo done to effect the rights or inter-
ests of any one, for the record, as it stands now
and where it stands now, is as valid as if tran-
scribed.
If the keeper of the records had no right to
make the entry on the face of that record, such
entry does not, invalidate the record as evi-
dence, and as it dops not obliterate the record
it is of no consequence whether it is transcribed
or not; and when the record is transcribed, aa
provided by this resolution, the records and
the case will stand exactly as they did when
this petitioner applied to Congress for relief.
So that with this part of the minority resolu-
tion only be would go out of Congress just as
he came in.
Now as to the second paragraph of the reso-
lution, as follows:
And the President of tho United States is hereby
authorized and reexuired to do in the premises what-
ever may, in his judgment, bo just and equitable,
without regard to any action or proceeding had sub-
sequent to the 14th day of March, 18C3.
Sir, suppose this passes, can the President
tell from the reading of it what it means? He
is notpresumed or required to read our debates
or proceedings to find out what laws mean
before he can carry them out.
He finds a joint resolution passed requiring
the Secretary of the Interior to transcribe a
certain record or copy it into another book,
and requiring liim, the President, to "do in
the premises whatever in his judgment be
just and equitable." The question arises in
his mind, " What am I to do? What ' prem-
ises ' does the resolution refer to ? Is it the
'premises' of the record? Does the resolu-
tion mean that I am to punish the officer for
for making an entry oil the record ; or that J
am to take such steps as will prevent entries
being made upon records in the future ? There
is nothing in the resolution from which I can
gather what the nature of the action is which
I am required to take, and the joint resolution
is void for uncertainty."
But, sir, I know full well what is intended
to be claimed by the resolution. It will be
claimed to be an authority to the President to
issue a patent for the laud claimed to William
McGarrahan if he thinks that would be just
and equitable, the legal question being put
entirely out of view. Sir, I must say that to
pursue the course which is here recommended
by the minority would be on our part cowardly,
and would merit the contempt of the country.
If Mr. McGarrahan is entitled to this land,
either legally or equitably, why not say so.
Why pass a resolution of the" kind recom-
mended by the minority? All that part about
the record is the merest trash, thrown in for
effect, for buncombe; and the balance of it
is singularly indefinite and capable of almost
any construction desired to be placed upon it.
Why not at once, leaving out this twaddle
