mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Claim of McGarrahan—Mr. Loughridge.
Ho. of Reps.
about the record of a patent never issued,
direct the President to issue a patent to Wil-
liam McGarrahan, if that is what is meant.
Taking this resolution, as I have no doubt its
friends will construe it, if it becomes the law,
it would be saying, "After we have exam-
ined this case for four sessions, after we have
considered all the evidence, heard lengthy and
able arguments from the best attorneys of the
country, and after fully discussing it in all its
bearings, aided, as we have been, by the adju-
dications of the courts in this and many other
similar cases, we feel ourselves incompetent
to say what should be done by the Government
in the matter, and we will therefore throw the
whole responsibility on the President, already
burdened almost to the earth with the mount-
ain of responsibility resting upon him, and
require him to adjudicate all these legal ques-
tions and questions of fact in a case where
conflicting rights of private citizens to the
extent of millions of dollars are involved."
Sir, I would regard this resolution of the
minority, if passed, an act of great injustice
to the President as well as to private citizens,
whose rights of property are involved and who
have a right to the adjudication of Congress or
of the courts. I can scarcely talk of this prop-
osition with patience: What are we author-
izing the President to decide? Can any man
tell? Is he to decide whether Gomez had a
legal grant from Mexico or not; and to exe-
cute him a patent if he had? That kind of a
question has never before been submitted to
the Executive, but always to the judiciary, if
not decided by Congress. In these Mexicau
cases the Executive has always acted only on
decrees of courts or acts of Congress; and in
this case the courts have decided the claim to
be invalid. Or is it intended to submit to the
President, not the question whether, under the
treaty el' Guadalupe Hidalgo, McGarrahan is
entitled to this land, but whether, aside from
any legs.1 claim, he (the President) will see fit
to give to Mr. McGairahan seventeen thousand
acres of land, either as a gratuity or for such
compensation as the President may see fit to
exact? Why, sir, the more this resolution is
examined, the more ridiculously indefinite it
seems.
Another siugluar provision in this resolution
is contained in the last two lines: "without
regard to any action or proceeding had sub-
sequent to the 14th day of March, 1863, the
date c-f the patent recorded." This provision
can mean nothing else than a direction to the
President in this action of his to disregard the
adjudication and judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States in his very case.
Sir, if this House will do this, I am not pre-
pared to say what they will not do. If by acts
of Congress we are to nullify and set aside
judgments of the Supreme Court, then there
is no security for private rights and no safety
for private property. I do not know, sir, but
that the last words of this resolution of the
minority are intended to operate as a declara-
tion by Congress that the patent of which the
record referred to is claimed to be a copy was
actually executed. Those words would be sub-
ject to that construction; and I have but to
say that if that was intended by the authors of
the resolution, the resolution will operate as a
fraud upon the House, for I hesitate not to say
that no sane man who will read the evidence
can for a moment believe that any patent was
ever signed. Indeed, the minority in this
report do not say that they believe any patent
was issued and signed. They use tiiis veiy
cautious language:
" It appears from the letter of D. E. Sickle?, p. 96,
Senate Ex. Doe. 48, part, ■' , Fortieth Congress, that
the President ordered that the patent should issue,
and that the same was thereupon engrossed and
Signed, ready for delivery,"
Now, sir, one word about this letter of D. E.
Sickles. Is this case to be tried upon the state-
ments of men not under oath ? This statement
of Mr. Sickles is an ordinary letter, not under
oath, and he was a party interested in the case.
In that letter Mr. Sickles says:
" In the spriDg of 1864, as one of the parties inter-
ested in the grant known as Panoche Grande, I ap-
plied to the President for an order direetmg: the issue
of a patent." * * * * "The President
ordered that the patent issue, and it was thereupon
engrossed andsigned, ready for delivery, but wasnot
delivered, although furnished to me on a day named;
and I am confirmed in my recollection of the facts by
the verbal assurance of Hon. Mr. Usher, (then Sec-
retary of the Interior,) with whom I have since
conversed."
Here then, sir, the chairman of the Judieiary
Committee coolly asks Congress to take as
evidence of the issue of a patent the simple
statement of a man who is a party interested
by his own confession, and not even under the
sanction of an oath, and when that statement
shows a mistake on the face of it of a year—
for the record and the testimony of Stoddard
is of a patent executed in 1863, and Mr. Sickles
states that it was in 1864. And again, if this
party was willing to swear to this why was his
evidence not taken ; and if Mr. Usher knows
the same facts why is his testimony not taken?
He has been upon the floor of this House
within two weeks. It is not necessary to say
aught more of this Sickles letter. It is an in-
sult to the House to ask that it be taken as evi-
dence in the case. The only evidence of the
execution of a patent is the testimony of Mr.
Stoddard, a witness whom no one who heard
him credited, a man hunted up in the city of
New York and brought down here to swear this
case through. A broker of New York city,
secretary of the Panoche Grande Mining Com-
pany, hunted him up, posted him, and sent
him here. He swears that he signed the
President's name to a patent for Panoche
Grande. All that he knows was that the pat-
ent had Panoche Grande on the back of it. He
did not know what land it was for, nor who
the patent was to. He said, in response to a
question, " I do not know that I ever signed the
President's name to any patent conveying land
to William McGarrahan." (See testimony of
Stoddard.) He did not examine the writing
in the patent, nor the description of the land,
nor who was the grantee. And this witness
is all there is of evidence to show that a patent
was ever issued to McGarrahan except the
record.
And, on the other side, there is the positive
testimony of eight witnesses showing that a
patent was not executed. That record of a
patent of which so much is said, and which
is referred to in the resolution of the minority,
was made by Theodore F. Stokes, and is in
his handwriting; and he was a witness before
the committee, a good and worthy man ; and
no man on the committee, not even the chair-
man, doubts the truth of what he says. Here
is part of his testimony:
District of Columbia, Comity of Wazlringlon, ss :
Beit remembered that on this 27th day of August,
A.D, 1870, belore the subscriber, a notary public in
and for the county aforesaid, personally appeared
Theodore F. Stokes, who. being first duly sworn, de-
poses and says that he is a resident ol Washington,
Distiictof Columbia, and is now, and has been con-
tinuously since May, 1861, a clerk in the General
Land Office; that in the month of March, 1863, he
was detailed to make a leeord of the lorm of patenl
th at had been prepared for a tract of land in California
called Panoche Grande; that the record in volume
four of California private land claims, pages 312 to
321, both inclusive, was made by thisdeponent, and is
in his handwriting; thatitwas theusage and custom
in the recorder's division of the GeneralLand Office,
ill which division this deponent was then a clerk, to
make the record or copies of the patents before the
signatures of the recorder and of the President or
his private secretary were affixed thereto, and to
make said records and copies complete in anticipa-
tion of the signatures of said officers, and as though
said signatures had been already affixed; that to the
best of the knowledge and belief ot this deponent
tile recoid hereinbetore referred 10 was made m ac-
cordance with said usage aud custom, and to the
best of the recollection and belief of this deponent
said record was made by this deponent from a form
or draft of a patent not signed by the President of
the United States, nor by his secretary, nor by the
recorder of the General Land Office, nor was the seal
of the General Land Office affixed thereto ; that this
deponent is confirmed in this recollection by the
fact that in said record the name of the recorder
does not appear, and this deponent left the same
blank because he did not know who would be the
acting recorder on the day said form or'draft of a
patent should be actually signed. This deponent
further says that he is dot now, nor has he ever been,
directly ot indirectly interested in the claim of tho
Newldria Company, nor of William MeGarrahan,
nor of any other person or corporation, to said tract
of land called Panoche Grande ; nor did he know of
the existence of said New Idria Mining Company at
the time said record was made, nor for a long time
thereafter.
TIIEO. F. STOKES,
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day
of August, 1870.
EDM. F. BROWN, Xotary Public.
And this is the record over which so much
ado is made by the minority. And as to the
draft of patent which was prepared for signa-
ture, and which was not signed because coun-
termanded by the Secretary of the Interior by
his letter of March 13, 1863, (see page 96, Ex.
Doc. 48, part 3, Fortieth Congress,) the fol-
lowing is'part of the testimony of the witnesses
examined before the committee. The unex-
ecuted patent was drawn up by Mr. Stoek, and
is in his handwriting. The following is part
of his testimony before the committee:
District of Columbia, Omnia of Vfnshington, ss;
Beit remembered that on this 27 th day of August, A.
D. 1870, before the Rnb?criber,a.notary public in r. ml
for the county aforesaid, personally appeared J<tcob
F. Stoek, who, being first duly sworn, deposes and says
that he is a resident of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, and i3 now principal clerk of private land claims
in the General Land Otfice, and, as such eleri, is in
charge of the division of privateland claims itsfiles
and records, under the direction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office: that he was appointed
a clerk in the General Land Office in April, 1<61, and
in the latter part of saidyear he was assigned to
duty in said division of private land claims, tnd has
heen on duty in said division continuously from that
time to the present date ; that he has a distinct and
perfect knowledge and recollection of alt the facts
and circumstances pertaining to the preparation of
the unexecuted and. incomplete patent or draft
of patent nowin the custody of the deponent in taid
division of private land claims; that in the month
of March, and within a few days of the date written
on said form of patent, in pencil, this deponent
received instructions from William H. Lowry, then
in charge of said division of private land claims, to
eDgross a patent for a tract of land in Califjrnia
kuownas PanocheGranderancho; thatinobedieuce
to said instructions this deponent did engross tiie
draft of a patent according to the form iurrJshed
to him by said Lowry, and completed the engross-
ment thereof in his own handwriting on the 13th or
llth day of March, 1863, as this deponent believes;
that said forin'or draft, when engrossed as afore-
said, required to complete it the signature of the
recorder of the General Land Otfice. and of the Pres-
ident's secretary to sign land patents, or of the
President, and the seat of the General Land Office.
The date was in pencil. That after said dratt of
a patent was engrossed, as aforesaid, the same was
retained in the division of private land claims in
consequence of the receipt from Hon.W. T. Octo,
Acting Secretary of tho Interior, dated ilareh 13,
1863, and received in said division on the 14; h d ly of
March, 1863, and Was not sent to the recorder nor
to the President of the United States, nor to the sec-
retary of the President to sign land patents, for
signature; that said draft of said patent has never
been out of the General Land_ Office except on two
occasions, once upon the call, of lion, James J'. Wil-
son, chairman of the Judiciary Commirtee of the
House of Representatives, on the ISth day of Jan- .
uary, 1867, and once to Hon. Johx A. Bixgham, h i v-
ing been sent in charge of a clerk in tho land office,
July 7,1870.
On the first occasion it remained out of the General
Land Office until tho 3d day of May,181)7, and was
in the mean time sent to the Public Printer to obtain
a printed copy as a part of the report of the Judi-
ciary Committee. It was returned in the same con-
dition it was in when sent to the chairman of said
Judiciary Committee, except that the stitching
which bound the leaves had been cut at the Printing
Office for convenience in printing; that the leaves
thus loosened were stitched together again by Uire.'-
t'on of thisdeponent: that tho unexecuted patent
thus stitched together by order of this deponent,
and now in the division of private land claims, i,
the identical one prepared by this deponent in lSti-'i,
in ius own handwiiting, and is unaltered and tne
same in every respect except m the stitching-, and
that no other form or draft for a patent tor said
tract of land m California called Panoche Grande
has ever been prepared in the General Land Otfice
since the beginning of tho year 1862. Thisdeponent
is able to make this assertion positively, because vt
