1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1639
in favor of ordering the yeas and nays on
this proposition will rise.
Six Senators rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ButsixSen-
ators have risen, which is not believed to be
a sufficient number.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. There are
four Senators standing on the other side.
. Mr. CONKLING. Those Senators are not
voting.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I withdraw
the demand for the yeas and nays and renew
the call for a division.
The question being again put, the ayes were
eight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
believed to be a sufficient number.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I insist
on a division ; let the other side be counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those op-
posed to striking out the section will rise.
Twenty-five Senators rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, to strikeout theeighth section of the
bill, and on a division of the Seuate no quorum
has voted.
Mr. CONKLING. There is a quorum pres-
ent, and I suggest that a division be taken
again. There is a quorum here. Senators are
inadvertent, several of them.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was not agreed to ; there being on a divis-
ion—ayes 5, noes 84.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I have another amend-
ment which I desire to offer. I move to strike
out the tenth section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The section has not been
reported. Let it be reported at the desk before
the vote is taken.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, ithas been reported.
Mr. JOHNSTON. No, sir; not on this
motion to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. A n<£ be it further enacted. That whoever,
with or without any authority, power, or process,
or pretended authority, power, or process, of any
State, territorial, or municipal authority, shall ob-
struct, hinder, assault, or, by bribery, solicitation,
or otherwise, interfere with or prevent the super-
visors of election, or either of them, or the marshal
- or his general or special deputies, or either of them,
in the performance of any duty required of them, or
either of them, or which he or they, or either of
them, may be authorized to perform by any law of
the United States whether in the execution of pro-
cess or otherwise, or shall by any ot the means be-
fore mentioned hinder or prevent the free attend-
ance and presence at such places of registration or
at such polls of election, or full and free access and
egress to and trom any such place of registration or
poll of election, or in going: to and from any suoli
place of registration or poll of election, or to and
from any room where any such registration or elec-
tion or canvass of votes, or of making any returns
or certificates thereof inay be had, or shall molest,
interfere with, remove, or eject from any such place
of registration or poll of election, or of canvassing
votes cast thereat, or of making returns or certifi-
cates thereof, any supervisor ot election, the mar-
shal, or bis-general or special deputies, or either of
them, orshall threaten, or attempt, or offer so to do,
or shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist any super-
visor of election, or the marshal or .his general or
speeial deputies, or either of them, in the perform-
ance of his or their duties when required by him or
them, or either of them, to givo suoh aid and assist-
ance, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and liable
to instant arrest without process, and on conviotion
thereof shall be punished byimprisonmentnotmore
than two years, or by tine not more than $3,000, or
by both such fine and imprisonment, and shall pay
the costs of the prosecution. AVhoevershalt, during
the progress ot any verification of any list of the
• persons who mayhave registered or voted, and which
shall be had or made under any of the provisions of
this act, refuse to answer, or retrain from answering,
or answoring shall knowingly give false inlormation
in respect to any inquiry lawfully made, such person
shall be liable to arrest and imprisonment as for a
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be
punished by imprisonment not to exceed thirty days,
or by fine not to eiceed 8100, or by both such fine and
imprisonment, and shall pay the costs of the prose-
cution.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President, this sec-
tion authorizes the marshal or deputy mar-
shal, or United States officer, to summon any
by-stander or any spectator to assist him in
arresting a party, and it subjects the by-stander
or spectator to prosecution and fine and im-
prisonment if he fails to respond and assist
the officer in the arrest of the party. A by-
stander ought undoubtedly to assist in execut-
ing the laws. But suppose a man be stand-
ing by during these proceedings and sees that
fhe officer is arresting a party without cause,
that the party arrested has been guilty of no
offense and knows that the object of the arrest
is for the purpose of embarrassing and hinder-
ing the election, or some kindred purpose,
and seeing that, refuses to assist the marshal
to arrest the party whom he knows has not
been guilty of any offense. Although he
knows that fact, although he sees with his
own eyes that the man is not guilty of the
offense charged, he is liable to be imprisoned
and fined, and to pay the costs of the pros-
ecution, if he fails to assist a deputy mar-
shal to arrest the man, when the arrest is in
violation of the laws of the United States and
of the State. It is to that feature of the sec-
tion that I particularly object, and I therefore
move that the section be stricken out.
Mr. TICKERS. There is another portion
of this section which is objectionable to me, as
well as that referred to by the Senator from
Virginia. I refer to thatpart of it which reads
as follows:
Whoever shall, during the progress of any veri-
fication of any list of the persons who may have
registered or voted, and which shall be had or made
under any of the provisions of this act, refuse to
answer, or refrain from answering, or answering
shall knowingly give false information in respect to
aBy inquiry lawfully made, such person shall be
liable to arrest and imprisonment as for a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment not to exceed thirty days, or
by fine not to exceed $100, or by both such fine
and imprisonment, and shall pay the cost of the
prosecution.
A bystander who had gone up peaceably to
register his vote, to comply with the law, to
make no disturbance, is not only liable to
arrest and punishment for not interfering, as
the Senator from Virginia says, to aid one of
these deputies in the performance of what he
believes to be an improper act on his part;
but the clause to which I now refer provides
that if the individual shall refuse to answer,
not that he shall refuse to give aid when sum-
moned by these deputies, but if, when an
inquiry is made of him, he shall refuse or
decline to answer, he shall be subject to fine
and imprisonment; fine not to exceed $100,
imprisonment, and to pay the costs of prose-
cution.
Now, here is an individual who is doing
nothing, saying nothing, interfering with no-
body, simply present; and when he is asked
a question about a matter connected with the
registration he is silent. Sir, the liberty of
speech and the liberty of the press are highly
estimated by the American people. They are
as dear to them to-day as the Government
under which they live. What sort of a Gov-
ernment should we have, what sort of an admin-
istration of the Government should we have if
the acts of the Government were not subject
to be criticized and animadverted upon by the
press and by speech ? But, while we are great
advocates of the liberty of the press and lib-
erty of speech, we are about to punish a man,
neither for writing nor speaking, but for remain-
ing silent. Suppose the man should be a
Quaker, one of the Friends. We know they
never speak until the spirit moves; and sup-
pose when a Quaker is asked a question by
one of these dignitaries the spirit does not
move him to answer, is he to be fined or im-
prisoned? That is a strong objection to this
portion of 4.he section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, to strike out the tenth sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like to have the
yeas and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I shall vote to strike
out this tenth section, I wish to say a word
upon it. I suppose that the basis of this bill
is to prevent frauds at elections, which it is
certainly very desirable to prevent, and the
machinery provided in this tenth section, if
we could always be sure it would be in the
hands of persons desirous to prevent frauds and
to act honestly and properly, would accom-
plish that object probably. But we all know
how dangerous it is to trust the rights or the
liberties of the people to any body of men on
the assumption that we shall always have good
and perfect men to execute the laws. The
time may come when bad men will have the
control of this machinery.
It is assumed, or else there would be no
necessity for this law, that in some cities of
the country containing more than twenty thou-
sand inhabitants frauds are committed and are
connived at by those in authority. It is to
prevent these frauds, where they are permitted
or connived at by those in authority, that this
law is designed. What will be the condition
of things, I ask, when the additional power
contained in this tenth section shall be put
in the hands of those very men who are prac-
ticing frauds now in the large cities?
It is charged (whether truly or falsely is not
necessary for my purpose) and believed by
a great many people in the country that
very outrageous frauds are practiced in the
city of New York in the elections, under the
auspices of what is known as Tammany Hall;
that the leaders in that organization perpetrate
these frauds, or that .they are perpetrated
through their instrumentality in some way.
Now, sir, take this tenth section, and suppose
that the President of the United States is in
harmony with Tammany Hall, or with those
who control Tammany, whom will he appoint
marshal? He will appoint some person mar-
shal who is in sympathy with himself and in
sympathy with the persons who control Tam-
many. This marshal, under the tenth section,
is authorized to appoint deputies ad libitum—■
he is to appoint any number of deputies that
he may consider necessary. Now, who will
be the marshal that would be appointed by a
President who was in harmony with this organ-
ization? He will be one in sympathy with the
organization; and he can appoint as many depu-
ties as he pleases. Who will they be? They
will be the very set of men that we now want
to prevent from practicing fraud at the elec-
tions. They are the very men who are going
to bo appointed deputies. I do not speak at
this moment of the supervisors, who are to he
appointed b> the judges; but I speak of the
marshals and deputy marshals. They will be
the very persons whom this law is designed to
prevent from practicing frauds.
What authority will they have ? They will
have authority to arrest anybody without pro-
cess that shall interfere, in their judgment, in
the election. The deputy marshals, the keep-
ers of saloons, the worst men, if you please,
that are in the interest of this Tammany organ-
ization, are to be the judges of that. I do not
know them at all; but the charges are made
that very bad men interfere and practice frauds
at these elections. They are going to be your
deputy marshals, and they are to be clothed
with authority to arrest anybody without pro-
cess who interferes in any way in the election.
It will be easy enough for them to get up a
pretense of interference. They will proceed
to arrest persons; and when they proceed to
arrest, suppose the Senator from Texas, who
is now in my eye, [Mr. Flaxagax.] happens
