1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
to be in New York looking on, and one of
these deputies says to him, "Help me to arrest
this man;" and suppose the Senator should
decline; he is subject to be sent to the peni-
tentiary for two years for refusing to help
this assistant marshal, probably some saloon-
keeper, to arrest somebody else. The punish-
ment may not be two years' imprisonment, but
it may be. The. bill provides for it.
Even in the old fugitive slave law, which was
about as odious as any law that was ever en-
acted in this country, which made it the duty
of every person to assist the marshal to arrest
a runaway -slave, there was no penalty provided
if -a man refused to assist a marshal when
called upon. Although the law declared it bis
duty to do so the law did not impoae a penalty
of two years' imprisonment in the penitentiary
upon him, or any other punishment. Bat this
bill authorizes a deputy, selected by the mar-
shal, to arrest anybody without process, and
compels everybody that he shall call upon to
assist him under ,a penalty of two year's im-
prisonment in the penitentiary. Would yon
put such a power as that in the hands of any-
body ? I apprehend it would be very dangerous.
If we have dishonest elections in the city of
New York now, under the law as it exists,
when all the machinery provided by this tenth
section and some other sections of this bill
shall be put in the hands of men in sympathy
with the very persons who are practising these
frauds, what will be the condition of affairs ?
It may be said that they will never attain power
in the country. J hope thgy never will. J
hope no party will ever obtain power in the
country who will wink at frauds in elections
anywhere; and I am sorry to believe that any
party is in power anywhere that would do it
now.
But, Mr. President, we are not legislating
for to-day ; we are putting upon the statute-
book a law that may stand there for years, may
stand there after you and I shall cease to take
part in political questions, and wheu others
shall have the control of the Government
in other interests than those that control it
to-day. Suppose during the troubles in Kansas
such a law as this had existed ; what chance
would my friend from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
have stood to make a free State, or to maintain
the principles of the free-State men there, if
the marshal appointed by Franklin Pierce bad
had authority to select as many deputies as he
pleased, with authority to arrest any man who
interfered with the election, in his opinion,
and to compel any man to assist him to do it
under a penalty of two years in the peniten-
tiary, and the courts as well as the marshals
in the interest of t|ie then President of the
United States?
We must lpok at this measure not only as
if we were going to use the power, or it was
always to be used, in the interest of what is
honest and right and proper, but we must look
at the question and the law as providing
machinery that may be used by all parties
in future times. 1 think such legislation is
very dangerous.
lo begin with, Mr. President, I do not be-
lieve that Washington is the fountain of all
that is good, and tl&t everything among the
people is fraudulent and wrong, and tjiat when
you want perfection you mast come here to
Washington as the source of all that is right
and just and proper. I believe it is much
better to leave to the people themselves
the management of their local affairs than
to undertake to manage them by persons ap-
pointed here at Jhe city of Washington, While
there may be great frauds in a single city of
the Union—in New York, in Philadelphia,
perhapg, and qne or two other cities—I am
satisfied that that is not the general condition
of things throughout the country. I do not
suppose this iaw would have any effect what-
ever in my own ,Sm*. There is no occasion
for it there. We hays several cities to wfaiuii
it could be made applicable; and if adminis-
tered by bad men, and they should think proper
to pat it in force, they might use this very law
and the machinery under it for practicing the
grossest frauds and accomplishing the very
object which the law itself is now designed to
prevent. Therefore I shall vote in favor of
striking out the tenth section.
I did not intend to say as much as I have
said in regard to it; but as the distinct motion
is made to strike out the tenth section, and,
as I believe, the section contains very objec-
tionable features, I shall vote in favor of the
motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
reanlted—yeas 13, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair. Caaserly, Hamil-
ton of Maryland. Johnston, MeCreery, Miller, Ross,
SanJgbury, Tburtnao, Tipton. Tromball, and View-
ers—13.
NAY S—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cargenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Donald. Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart, Tuayer,
Warner. Wilson, and Yates—39.
ABSENT— Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Catteli,
Davis Jfenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Powler, Hamlin,
Hill, Ifellogg. Lewi-, Morrill of Maine. Morton,
Patterson, Bchurz, Seott, Sprasae, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Willey, and Williams—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I move to amend the
tenth section by striking out the clause begin-
ning with the word "or," in the twenty-fifth
line, down to and including the word " assist-
ance,'1 in the twenty-ninth line. •
The VIC® PRESIDENT. The Clerk will
report the words proposed to be stricken out.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Or shall refuse or negleet to aid and assist any
supervisor of election, or the marshal or his general
or special deputies, or either of them, in the per-
formance of his ortheirdutieswhen reaaired by him
or them, or either of them, to give suoh aid or assist-
ance.
Mr. CASSERLY, Mr. President, that ft
not only a harsh but an inhuman provision.
Let ns consider what is the state of things
about the polls at a contested election. The
temper of all present is warmed up to white
beat, the crowds are great, the noise consid-
erable; and if there is more or less struggling
of men and swaying back and forwaruit is
because those present have much more than
the ordinary amount of good temper and of
good behavior; but, as a rule, it is a scene of
confusion, of tumult, and of more or less dis-
order. Imagine in such a state of things as
that, in the midst of that struggling, swaying,
excited crowd, one, or two, or three of this
swarm of deputy marshals, as numerous as
the insects not to be named to ears polite
that once scourged Egypt, themselves excited,
engaged in an effort to arrest some one or
preparing to make an arrest, calling out in a
general way to the by-standers for assistance.
Perhaps a majority of them do not hear him
at all; perhaps those who do hear him are
unable to reach him to be of any service; per-
haps those who are at hand to assist him may
regard his proceedings as intemperate, if not
unlawful. No discrimination whatever is made
by this most inhuman provision in favor of
those three classes of persons, and against the
class who willfully disobey the call of the mar-
shal. That is the only class that any decent
law aver could have meant to reach. The
only person who ever can be properly made
amenable to crimiual law for refusal to act as
a member of the posse comitatus, or to act in
the aid of a peace officer in the discharge of
his duties, i3 the person who, in a case which
is clear of right on the part of the officer, and
With entire ability on his part, declines delib-
erately to render him the assistance demanded.
But this law is sweeping; it is a drag-net;
it is a pit-fall for the unwary. Like the rains
of heaven, but in no other sense, it falls and
strikes alike upon the just and the unjust.
Sir, that beautiful saying indicates the mercy
which snakes no distinction between the just
aud the uujust in the bounties of heaven; but
here is a law which is the very, reverse of that,
and which visits punishment of a severe and
degrading character alike upon those who are
most guilty and those who are mo$t innocent,
alike upon those who may obey the law and
refuse to do it as well as upon those who can-
not obey the law, who are even not aware that
tbey are directed to obey the law, and upon
those before whose eyes a scene is going on
which makes it most unfit and improper for
them to engage in the assistance of the mar-
shal. The section reads in the most general
terms:
Or shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist any
supervisor of election, or the marshal or his general
or special deputies, or either of them, in the perform-
ance of his or their duties when repaired by him or
them, or either of them, to give such aid aiid assist-
ance.
Imagine one of the swarm of wretches the
list of whom was read here from one of the
leading newspapers of your country as a sam-
ple of the deputies and supervisors chosen
under the law of which this is a supplement
at the last election in New York; imagine one
of those men or half a dozen of them engaged
in some brutal attempt to maltreat an inoffetid-
ing person; and then imagine a call made on
you, sir, to aid one of those men, to stand
shoulder to shoulder with him, with him to
lay violent hands upon an unoffending person
and haul him off to jail. Why, sir, the touch
of one of those men is contamination; his
Kfe, iris bad character, his frequent terms in
the penitentiary or the State prison, are of
themselves to you not merely well-grounded
causes of aversion and antipathy, but they fur-
nish to you very strong reasons to believe that
the evidence of your own eyes is to be trusted
rather than his assertion that he is engaged in
a lawful work. And because, tinder such cir-
cumstances, you refuse or neglect to aid him,
you are liable to the penalties of this act. It
is very difficult, indeed impossible, for one
with whatever command of the English lan-
guage to speak of sueh a provision as this in
the terms which befit the decorum of this
body.
However, sir, it is one feature in this bill
which must arouse in the breast of every fair-
minded man, who knows what human liberty
is, who knows what personal rights are, senti-
ments of astonishment, indignation, and dis-
gust. Not only that, sir; not only are you
guilty of a misdemeanor under sueh circum-
stances, but you are liable to instant arrest
without process. You may be one in a crowd
of fifty persons; as I said, you may not have
heard ia the crowd the call of some brothel-
keeper, acting as a deputy marshal, or some
pimp for such an establishment, acting as a
deputy, or some convict from the State prison—
the graduate of three State prisons in as many
different States, as was the character of one of
the leading men among this staff of persons
employed at the last New York election ; you
have not heard him ; you were not aware that
you were called upon to render this assistance.
He rushes through the crowd; he finds you
there ; he demands of you why you did not
obey the iaw. You inquire what law you have
violated. He tells you, " I called upon you for
assistance to arrest a man." You expostu-
late ; yon endeavor to explain to him not only
that you did not hear him but the impossibility
of your having heard him. But still, without
a warrant, without having the evidence of his
own senses that you have committed the of-
fense prescribed within the terms of this most
unjust and extraordinary law, he may without
a warrant arrest you, and you are hauled off
to prison in the custody of this graduate of
three penitentiaries in as many States. I
should say that we must have made great
progress in civilization, in freedom, iu liberty,
in decency, if that kind of provision can ever
become a law in the United Status!
The requirement that an officer of the law
shall not arrest without process except for
offenses committed within his view is a fatw
