206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Claim of McGarrahah—Mr. Loughridge.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
his familiarity with the business of said office, and
because no patent was or could have been prepared
in said division without the knowledge of this de-
ponent. This deponent further says that in tbeyear
1803, and for a long time thereafter, lie was ignorant
ot the existence ofthe New Idria Mining Company.
This deponent further says that be has read the
charges made in the fourteenth section of a *' bill in
equity between William McGarrahan and the New
Idria Mining Company "and others, filed by Wil-
liam McGarrahan in the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and that the same, so far as they
relate to this deponent, are utterly false ; that ho has
not now nor has he ever had, directly or indirectly,
any interest in said company or in auy controversy
between said company and said McGarrahan; 1101 has
be ever received any money or other valuable con-
sideration or promise from any person or persons
connected with said claimants, or either of them.
j. F. stoek.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 27th day of
August, 1870.
EDM. F. BROWN. Notary Public.
Washington, D. C., January 16,1871.
The following is part of the evidence of Mr.
Lowry, who was at that time a clerk in the
Land Office:
District of Columbia, "Washington county, na:
On this 27th day of August, 1870, before mo, a notary
public m and for the county aforesaid, personally
appeared William II. Lowry, who, beingduly sworn
according to la-v,deposes and s.iy< a-5 follow-?:
That for several years prior to July 1,1S03, he was
a clerk in the Gencial Land Office, in charge ot' the
division of private land claims, m which capacity it
was part of his duty, under the direction of the Com-
missioner of said office, to superintend the prepara-
tion and recording of all patents for private land
claims that the practice of the office in such cases
when a patent was ordered was to have it engrossed
and recorded, after which a letter was addressed by
the Commissioner to the recorder of the General
Land Office, and another to the President's secretary
to sign land patents, describing the patent, stating
the volume and pages where recorded, and request-
ing the signature of those officers to said patent,
the said letters being always recorded in the letter
records of the private land claims division, and no
patent was submitted for siguature unless accom-
panied by such letter, duly recorded as aforesaid.
And deponent further says that he distinctly rccol-
Jects the claim known as "Panocho Grande," and
thsit no patent was issued for such claim up to ,' 0t.h
June, 1803, when he left the General Land Office.
That- a patent was cngro^ed and recoided for said
claim, but never signed, for the iea«on that before it
was sent to the secretary and recorder for signature
an order came directing the withholding of said pat-
ent, which was done accordingly, and the said in-
complete and unsigned patent remained in the pii-
vate land claims room, in the custody of deponent
while he remained in office, and ho is satisfied and
believes, from having lately seen and examined it,
that the said unsigned patent, known to him by the
handwriting, marks, and other evidences, is the
unsigned patent still on filo in the General Land
Office: and deponent further says that the record of
said patent was made by a clerk in another division
of the General Land Office, who erroneously, and
contrary to the practieo of tho private land claims
division aforesaid, inserted in the record the name
of the secretary to sign land patents; that in com-
paring said record with the patent, which wsis tho
duty of the deponent, and finding tho name of tho
secretary had been inserted in the record, and re-
ceiving the order to withhold the patent, he erased
tho. namo of suid secretary in tho record by crossing
it in pcncil, and writing on the record opposite said
name the words "not signed," where they remained
lately, and arc probably still there.
Deponent further declares thsit no other patent
was prepared for said "Panocho Grande" while he
was a clcik in the General Land Office than the un-
signed one now on file in fh;it office, andth-it none
could have been issued for it without his knowledge
prior to July 1,1863.
Deponent furl her says that until tho year 18(3^ he
had no knowledge of tho New Idria Mining Com-
pany, or the existence of their claim.
w. II. lowry.
Sworn to and subscribed before rae this 27th day
of August, 1870.
edm. F. brown, Notary Public.
There is not the least shadow of foundation
for the assumption that a patent was signed by
the President conveying the land in question to
McGarrahan, but, on the contrary, the most
clear and explicit evidence that no patent was
executed. And why was it not executed and
signed by the President after it was prepared
and recorded? Because, on the 13th of March,
1863, in compliance with the request of the
Attorney General of the United Stages, Mr.
Bates, the Secretary of the Interior sent to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office the
following letter:
Department op the Interior,
Washington-, Mar<:k 13,1863.
Sir: The Attorney General has notified this De-
partment that he intends to havethecaseoft.be land
claim of Vicente P. Gomez, known as the Panoche
Grande, brought before the Supremo Court of the
United States for review, for the purpose of testing
the validity ofthe grant. Underthesecircumstances
you will suspend the execution and delivery of a
patent under the decision of this Department of the
4th instant, until further advised in the case by the
Secretary.
Your obedient servant,
W. F. OTTO, Acting Secretary.
Commissioner of tiie General Land Office.
This order was, as the Commissioner of the
General Land Office testifies, served on the then
Commissioner, and in compliance with the same
the proposed patent, ihe record of which bad
been made, was retained in the land office,
and the evidence on file shows that from that
date to the 13th of March McGarrahan, by his
attorneys in Washington city, labored with the
Secretary of the Interior for months to induce
him to countermand that order and allow the
patent to be issued and executed. From March
30, 18G3, to September 4, 18G3, ten different
arguments were made to the Secretary of the
Interior by McGarrahan, through his attorney,
to induce the Secretary to withdraw his order
and allow the patent to issue. Those argu-
ments are shown by the evidence in the case:
and yet, in the face of ail this evidence, it is
intimated that a patent was executed on the
14th of March, 1863, and that the President
told General Sickles, one of the parties in
interest, that he had signed it.
Mr. Speaker, there is no evidence upon which
this claim can be sustained, neitheris there any
justice or equity connected with it. The claim
wasoriginated in fraud, and has been carried on
through a combination of capital and influence.
Tho gentlemen urging the claim talk of the
parties interested being, on the one side a rich
corporation, and on the other a poor Irishman.
Sir, I trust. the time has not yet, come when law
and justice will be sacrificed through consider-
ations of this kind, and yet I fear, from expres-
sions f hear around me, that they have too
much influence. But, sir, this is not a fair or
correct statement of the case. William McGar-
rahan is not the party in interest. The evi-
dence is that for the consideration of $10,000
he conveyed his interest in this claim to the
Panoche Grande Quicksilver Mining Company,
a corporation in New York city, which con-
veyance was on the 3d of February, 1865.
The evidence shows that said corporation
was organized in New York city, with a cap-
ital of $5,000,000, and that on the 28th of
"February, 18G5, they published the following
notice:
We, the undersigned, president and trustees of
the Panoche Grande Quicksilver Mining Company,
hereby certify that the capital stock of the said com-
pany was fixed and limited at So,000.000, and that the
same has been paid in by the issue of the full amount
ofthe capital stock, in payment for the property
nccessary for the business ot tho company, namely, a
conveyance ofthe Panoche Grande nineho to the
company by William McGarrahan.
]>. O'CONNOR, Preside,
MALCOMB CAMPBELL,
JAMES CAMPBKLL,
RUSSELL SMITH.
New York, February 28,1805.
(jiiy and county of New York, ss :
B. O'Connor, picsident, and Malcomb Campbell,
.Tame* Campbell, and Russell Smith,trustees of the
Panoche Grande Quicksilver Mining Company, being
duly sworn, say that the facts set forth in the above
certifieatc are true.
B. O'CONNOR.
MALCOMB CAMPBELL,
JAM ES CAMPBELL,
RUSSELL SMITU.
Subscribed and sworn to, this 2d day of March,
1805, before me,
JOS. G. WHITE, Notary Public.
And shortly afterward, as appears by the
evidence, the capital stock was increased to
$10,000,000. So that the truth is, that the
real party in interest here in urging this claim
is a powerful corporation in the city of New
York, with a capital of $10,000,000 in shares
of the par value of $100 each. In the evidence
in this case is the annual report of this corpor-
ation for 18GG, in the following words:
Annual report of tl>e Panoche Grande Quicl^ilvr
Mining Company — Notice.— The Panocho Grande
Quicksilver Mining Company, in pursuance of tho
statutes, makes the following report:
Tho amount of the capital stock of the company
is 610,000.000. The amount of the.capital stock of
the company has been issued in payment forits min-
ing property fully worth the above amount. Tho
debt existing agam^t the company does not excced
the amount of $16,000.
B. O'CONNOR, President.
New York, January 19, 13i33.
This statement is sworn to and subscribed
by the secretary of the company, Mr. Frank,
the same man whom Stoddard testifies is a
broker with an office on Wall street, and who
interviewed the witness Stoddard and sent liiia
here to swear that a patent had been executed.
And yet, sir, with these facts in evidence,
gentlemen rise upon this floor and insist that
the party in interest here is a poor man, and
that he is contending against a rich corpor-
ation, thus completely ignoring the facts and
the evidence. It may be. sir, that in the hands
of this powerful corporation, with its $10,000,-
000 of stock, circulating doubtless through
many of the avenues of political and social
influence, this fraud may be carried through;
the solemn adjudication and decree of the
Supreme Court ignored and disregarded, and
the rights of private citizens acquired under
the statutes of the country trampled ruthlessly
under foot, without examination and without
consideration; but if such is the result, it will,
in my humble opinion, be the triumph of a
great wrong, and from the prominence which
the case has attained such a result will go
further to corrupt the fountains of justice and
impair the confidence of the people in the tri-
bunals of the country than anything which has
occurred in our legislation for years.
It has, sir, been the fate of all who in offi-
cial station have been called upon to oppose
this claim to meet with denunciationand abuse,
to have the purity of their motives and the
honesty of their purpose called in question.
Two distinguished Attorneys General of the
United States, Mr. Black and Mr. Bates, who
filled that high office, each of them a portion
of the time during which this claim was in the
courts, and who believed and declared it to be
fraudulent, and acted accordingly in the dis-
charge of their duties, have been by the attor-
neys for the claimant accused of almost ail the
crimes in the calendar. One of the attorneys,
in his printed argument, (see argument of Mr.
Shaw, page 35,) says:
"The office of Attorney General of the United
States is infamous with barratry, champerty, collu-
sion, fraud, crime, and official and professional dis-
honor.-"
And of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in connection with its action in the ease,
thf1 same attorney says on page 182 of his
printed argument—I quote his words :
"In due time the transcript camc up.in obcdicncc
to the writ ot certiorari, and the Supreme Court pro-
ceeded to give judgment on the merits. The de-
cision is reported in 3 Wallace, page 752, and simply
refers to the statement of the two former decisions
approvingly and gives a brief glance at the facts. We
were admonished by a former decision that the
court was not prepared to sanction the confirmation
of our grant. We retired from that great tribunal
of the United States forewarned that it had pre-
judged our case." • •• " The Gomez
title was dead ! may it please tho honorable chairman
and gentlemen ofthe committee, murdered by judi-
cial usurpation, a lid by othcial venality and oppres-
sion, and by fiaud, forgery, and peijuryl''
This, sir, is the choice language used in
relation to the supreme judicial tribunal of
the Government, a tribunal filled by men who
are an honor and an ornament to the bench;
and this language of vilification and abuse we
