1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
iliar, long-established, essentia], and deeply-
cherished guarantee of personal liberty. The
men who in England rose against the tyranny
and oppression of the general warrant have
lived in history from that day to this as among
the pioneers of popular rights in their own
country. But here is a law which is worse than
any general warrant, which has enormities in
it greater than any general warrant could have
in "it; and yet it is deliberately reported here
from a leading committee of this body, and the
purpose is avowed here deliberately to press
it through into a law of the United States at a
single sitting of the Senate. We know what
that means. We know from experience. It
means that the bill is to be passed without any
proper debate. It means to enact a law by
exhaustion, by mere physical pressure, by the
mere force of numbers, at some hour of the
twenty-four when nature, tired out, gives way,
and even the just indignation of a few men in
this body, striving to contend against over-
whelming numbers in favor of the maintenance,
to some moderate degree, of obvious prin-
ciples of constitutional government, can no
longer express itself. That is what it means ;
and this is the kind of legislation for which
the purpose is avowed to resort to that kind
of proceeding!
1 trust that the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia will be adopted. Let us at least
not permit the kind of persons who have been
appointed—or worse than them, if any "worse
can anywhere be found—to jeopardize the
liberty, the sacredness of the person, the self-
respect, and the character of men who, in a
large majority of cases, must be innocent of
any intention to offend, and in a great many
cases must be without the power to obey the
provisions of this law now proposed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is
not my intention to attempt any discussion of
this bill—a bill of abominations; a bill that
has not a redeeming feature about it; one that
contains no provision which can commend
itself to the approval and honest judgment
of any well-balanced and right-thinking mind.
I am physically inadequate for the discharge
of such a duty, suffering, as I am, from pain,
and extreme pain. There is one feature about
this bill to which attention, however, has not
yet been called.
The Senator from California has referred to
one provision of it which is clearly repugnant
to the Constitution of the United States, the
attempt to authorize the arrest of a citizen with-
out. a warrant of law. But what is the use of
pointing out its unconstitutionality? A party
about departing from power, struggling in the
agonies of dissolution, finds it necessary to seek
to perpetuate its power by the enactment of
such a plainly unconstitutional bill as this into
a law. Sir, DO such act can save this party from
going down'; and I tell my Democratic friends
upon this floor that the passage of this act will
have no effect in defeating the people at the
next election. It will but aid, it will but con-
tribute to the success of the Democratic party,
because legislation of such a character as this
will arouse public indignation, as did in. many
instances your act to enforce the fifteenth
amendment. .
But, sir, I said there was one characteristic
of this bill to which attention has not yet
been called. When one of these miserable
wretches instantly arrests a man without war-
rant, what is he going to do with him ? Ha is
to be tried, to be sure ; but there is no court
to try him instantly. You are to mcarceralo
him, I suppose, before conviction ; and your
bill does not provide the privilege ot bail.
Arrest without warrant, imprisonment with-
out the privilege of bail, and conviction upon
the testimony of the most abandoned creatures
in the universe—this is your bill 1 I say, sir,
that were I present and called upon to assist
iu any such arrest I would not do it; ana x
hope that the people of the United States will
never land themselves to the commission ot
such outrages as are contemplated by this bill.
Far better would it be for law, for order, for
good society, for the people to pick up every
such miserable wretch and throw him into the
nearest creek than to aid and assist him in
this violation of all law.
But, sir, it is no use to talk ; this thing has
got to be done. The necessities of party seem
to require it. I have no fear as to its political
effect or consequences. It is only because I
can see no redeeming feature or quality about
this bill that I speak thus strongly. Of course
I mean no reflection on any one who differs
from me in opinion ; but it strikes my mind as
one of the most obnoxious measures that could
possibly be presented in any legislative body
on the judgment of any right-minded man.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have a
very few words to say on this question. The
condition of my throat will not allow me to
speak long; but I wish to call serious consid-
eration to one or two points connected with
the passage of this bill.
Arrests known to the law are of two kinds,
One is an arrest upon process ; and if the pro-
cess be regular and under the seal of the proper
magistrate or court it affords a full protection
to the officer who makes the arrest, however
innocent may be the man arrested. It not
only affords full protection to the officer, but
it affords full protection to any posse comitatus
that he may summon to his aid. The other
arrest known to the law is what is called the
arrest upon view. That is where the officer
making the arrest sees or supposes he sees an
offense committed; and then, immediately upon
the view of the commission of the offense,
makes an arrest, lest the person who has com-
mitted the offense may escape. "Where the
arrest is made upon view the officer takes the
responsibility of determining that the offense
has been committed; and if it turns out that
no offense was committed the officer is a tres-
passer, and is bound to pay damages. Not
only is he so bound, but if he summons the
posse comitatus, every member of that posse
comitatus who assists iu making that arrest is
also liable in trespass for assisting to make it.
This is very necessary to be borne in mind
in considering the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Virginia. Here is a provision iu
this bill which authorizes arrests by men who
are not officers ordinarily, who are only specially
officers for a particular occasion, who never
were known to the people as officers, who are
selected, not by those who would be likely to
know them, but selected by a judge of a court
perhaps sitting one hundred miles away, and
therefore selected simply upon the information
of somebody. How liable the judge is to be
imposed upon the list read by the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. ViceersJsIiows. Here are these
men authorized to arrest upon view and to
summon a posse comitatus^ and it is provided
that anybody who shall refuse to assist them
in what they order shall be liable to fine or
imprisonment, or both.
Now, sir, every one of these men who shall
undertake to arrest upon view, if he arrest an
innocent man is liable to punishment fbr^ so
doing; he is liable, if he lay hands on him,
to an indictment for an assault and battery,
and he is liable in a civil action for trespass
and false imprisonment; and every citizen
who is a member of the posse coi/iitatus, and
assists ill making that arrest, is equally liable,
and may be equally punished, both criminally
and civilly. And yet it is proposed, seriously
proposed, that, this bill, containing such a pro-
vision, shall become a law, and that any cit-
izen may be summoned to aid this man^ who
says that he has seen an offense committed,
and if he does not aid him, and does not run
the risk of being punished himself lor aiding
in an arrest which was unlawful, for which
there was no foundation, that he shall be pun-
ished by tine and imprisonment! Surely, Mr.
President, arguments are thrown away if such
a provision as this can remain iu the bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, which is to strike out certain words
in the tenth section, which have been reported
by the Secretary.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 10, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Mr. PRATT. _ I have not voted. I will
vote in the negative.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let us
have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have paired with the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague. j
He would vote for this motion, and I should
vote against it.
Mr. BA-YARD. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is confined to his bed
by serious indisposition. I state this because
I know he would desire to vote on this occasion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Cosserly, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Johnston, MeCreery, Miller,
Saulsbury, Thuroian, Trumbull, and Vickers—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreinan, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter. Chandler, Cole. Oonkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Xexas, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard, Lewis, .McDonald, Morrill of
Verinont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
Stearns, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—3-1.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cattetl, Davis, denton, Ferry, Klanasan,
Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Howell, Ivellogtr, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Xye, Patterson, Rice, Ross, Suhurz,
S'.ott, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, and "Warner—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret that the Senate
is resolved to retain this very bad provision.
Let us see if we cannot make it, if not entirely
good, at least not so bad. The two prominent
points which should be in the mind of every
just lawgiver in connection with this subject
are, first, whether the arrest made or attempted
to be made isa lawful one, and second, whether
the refusal to aid in the making of it is lawful.
Can there be any doubt, as no officer is au-
thorized to make an unlawful arrest, that no
man is required by law to aid him in making
it? In other words, no one can be compelled
to do an act which is in itself unlawful. Of
course it is extremely easy to conceive of a
great many cases in which, in the heals of
contested elections, unlawful arrests will be
made or attempted, especially by many of the
crowds of men to be appointed under this act.
Does any man seriously propose, under any
pressure, real or imaginary, ot party necessity,
to do so unjust and c-ruc-l a thing as to stihjeet
to disgraceful arrest and punishment a man
for declining or omitting to do what it would be
unlawful and wrong in him if he did so? Why,
sir. not only no party necessities can justify
that, but no" necessities of any kind whatever.
There can be not only no justification, but
there can be no excuse, nor the shadow of one,
for a law which inflicts a punishment on a man
for refusing to commit a wrong. And when
the lawyers of the Judiciary Committee, the
men who are supposed to understand law, and
many of whom have made reputations, and I
trust good livings as well, at the law, reported
back this bill to theSenSfe, I wonder if no one
of them asked himself what was the humanity
or the justice or the charity of a provision of
law which punishes an innocent man because
he did not make himself a guilty man at the
demand of another than himself.
Did it never occur to any of those gentlemen
that in proposing such a thing they were sacri-
ficing here the divinity of justice, of whom they
are supposed to be the obedient and faithful
votaries ; saprificing her deliberately, as we
say, with malice aforethought, because with
full understanding of what they were about,
and with set purpose to accomplish a result.
I have sometimes heard it said that in all ages
of the world the worst enemies of the lawliave
been found among the lawyers. I have not
i! wished to believe that; 1 have rejected it. )u
