1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
Department, a bill of three Or four hundred
sections. It will leqnire the greater part of
the day to dispose ot it. Jt is very important
to act upon it..
The motion was agreed to.
The VICIS PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is before the Senate, being Senate
bi'l No. 298. j
Mr. NYE. By the kindness of the Senator
from Illinois, I move to'set apart this evening
or to-mouow evening for the consideration of
the mining bill. I hope the Senate will give
menu evening session for that bill. I want
to bring it, to a vote very much.
'1 he V ICE PRESIDENT. Which evening
does the Senator move?
Mi'. NYE. i will say to night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to debate
that motion; but the bill referred to is the
Sntro-tunnei bill. J should like to have a
vote of the Senate on the question, whether
they will set aside an evening for its consider-
ation.
Mr. NYE. I ask for an evening, so that it
will not interfere with the business of the
Senator from Ohio, or anybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing, if
the majority of the Senate wish to take up and
consider that subject, to let them do it at any !j question of the right to seats of the gentlemen
. PRESIDENT. It must be stated,
m addition to unanimous consent, what is the
precise rule which is modified or suspended,
and the purpose thereof.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under this decision, in
order to save the time that is being wasted in
this controversy, I will insist, if I can, on tak-
'pi? Question of the Georgia Senators,
lhat is a question of high privilege. I stated
to the Senate last week that I should consider
it my duty to call the attention of the Senate
to it; but before proceeding with it I wish to
say to the Senate, before any vote is taken, if
a vole be necessary to call it up—I do not
know whether a vote is necessary to call it
up 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the decisions in the Senate have
been uniform, so far as he has seen, that ques-
tions of privilege are to be proceeded with by
a voie ot the Senate; but the floor is always
awarded to a Senator who seeks to call up a
question of privilege. It is taken up, how-
ever, by vote of the body, unless it be a ques-
tion of privilege arising in the Chamber by an
affray or something of that kind.
Mr. TRTj MBULL. 1 move, then, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
time. I do not wish to interpose objection ;
but I had hoped the Senate would regard the
bill as one of that kind which they were not
disposed to consider at this session. Every-
body is aware of the general subject; we have
heard an argumeut in favor of the bill from
the Senator from Nevada. I am willing to
take the vote of the Senate on the question of
considering It.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to remind Senators of the decision at the
last session in regard to assignments of bills
for paiticular days, and also in regard to as-
signments for evening sessions. In the latter
case the unfinished business of the afternoon
session will have priority of the assignment
fur the evening ; but it may be set aside by a
majority vote: and if the Senate adjourns at ji Senate,
night wit.lrthat, business pending, it will be the j The i
unfinished business of the next day, which, by
the fifteenth rule, uill have priority.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, where the Senate agree by unan-
imous consent to set apart a certain day for a
particular business, that does not alter the
standing rule as to unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not, unless that, rule should be specifically
suspended bj' a vote of the Senate under the
fifty third rule. Unless that be done the fif-
teenth rule remains intact, that the unfinished
business shall have priority.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we have held that
that did not apply to what was done by unani-
mous consent.
The VI CE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the fifty-third rule:
" Xo motion to suspend, modify, or amend therules,
or any thereof, shall be in order except on one (lay's
notice, in wriung, specifying theruie to be suspended,
luoiiititid, or amended, and the purpose thereof."
Unless this is done the fifteenth applies.
llr. POMEROY. Notice of that kind was
given when I asked to have Friday next set
apart unanimously for the consideration of
bills from the Committee on Public Lands
and the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It, is easy for the
majority, if they desire to carry out sucll an
out. r, to postpone the unfinished business,
when the ordor for the particular day will
ink" i flect. if this is not done the unfinished
ini-'inoe.j, under the fifteenth rule, has priority;
Unit pile is ouspond"d by a direct vote, stating
tin* chu'ct of the suspension and that the fif-
teenth rule is susneuded for that purpose. The
laegnajri' of the fifty third rule is very positive.
Mr. POMEUOY. You can only suspend a
claiming seats from the State of Georgia; and
| before the motion is put I will say to the Sen-
j ate  
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
please suspend at this point until the Chair
receives a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
2G15) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling so-called treaty stipnla
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 80, 1872, and for other purposes,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
The message also announced that the House
returned to the Senatethe bill (S. No. 1083) to
repeal so much of the act approved July 1-t,
1870, entitled " An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes,'' as continues
the income tax after the :11st day of December,
A. D. I SCO, in accordance with the following
resolution :
" Resolved, That Senate hill Xo. LtS.i, to repeal so
much of theact approved .July 14, 1870, entitled 'An
act to reduce internal texe?, and tor othfr purposes,'
as continues the ineotne tax after ihe ,;lst day of
December, 1S69, be returned to that, body with The
respectful suggestion on the part of the House that
section seven of article one of the Constitution ve>ts
in the House of Representatives the sole power to
originate such measures."
ORDER OF BCSIXE8?.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. SCOTT rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania ?
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the message just received.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will lead to dis-
cussion probably.
Mr. SCOTT. It ought to be disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot give way to
take up a question for the purpose of entering
into a discussion about it. If it is merely to
refer it I will give way.
Mr. SCOTT. My purpose is to move for a
committee of conference. There is a disagree-
ment between the two Houses on a question
of privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will probably lead
to debate.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not think it will lead to
any prolonged debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rule by unanimous consent; ft majority cannot ij state to the Senator fforn^ Pennsylvania th.'.t j
sucpend ou the day the prbpositiou is Bade, ii uuless unanimous consent is given to take up ;
this message now it will be presented, under
the twenty-fourth rule, at the opening of to-
morrow's session, when it will be in order
tinder the rule.
Mr. IRUMBULL. I shall have discharged
my duty when I have asked the Senate to take
up the' case of the Georgia Senators; and I
need not urge upon the Senate the importance
of disposing of a question that has been pend-
ing for two years. I wish to say to Senators,
if I can get their attention for one minute, that
I think we can dispose of this question this
afternoon.
'Ihe gentlemen who claim seats are all of
them very worthy gentlemen, and all of ihem
we should be very glad probably, if the State
were entitled to four Senators, to see here.
The questions involved aie questions of hnv
arising upon the facts, and I think if we can
avoid a general discussion upon reconstruction
subjects, and confine the ease to the facts, wo
may dispose of it during the afternoon; but
if we go into a general discussion of all the
reconstruction subjects nobody can tell when
the debate will end. I shall endeavor, if the
Senate should take it up, to state as briefly as I
can the facts which seem to me to be decisive
of the case; and then it will be for the Senate
to decide it as it thinks proper.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to postpone the unfinished
business and all other prior orders for the
purpose of considering the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on the election of
Senators from Georgia.
Mr. RAMSEY. What would be the busi-
ness in order it the motion of the Senator from
Illinois should not prevail?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business would be then before the Senate.
:• being the bill tS. No. 2'JS) to relieve membeis
,1 of Congress from importunity, &c., subject to
;I be displaced by any oilier motion tor any other
!l bill that the majority of the Senate might
" determine to take up.
;l; Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to inquire of the
il Senator from Illinois if he proposes to press
that bill upon the consideration of the Senate
'j atter he disposes, of this Georgia question
j Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is to dispose
■ of this privileged question as the first thing,
j I ain quite willing, and voted with the Senator
ji from Louisiana tile other day, to fix a day for
] the consideration of the subjects which he and
j the Senator from Minnesota feel an interest in.
| I shall be ready to take tbein up at any time
[ that the attention of the Senate can be called
j to them, but 1 do not think they should be in-
! terposed in the place of this privileged ques-
tion. I have no interest in the privileged
question any more than any other Senator.
The Senator from Louisiana and the Senator
from Minnesota must feel that it is due to the
gentlemen claiming seats, as well as to the
State of Georgia, that this matter should be
settled.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 dislike very much, so
far as I am concerned, to antagonize any bill
that I am interested in against this question,
which undoubtedly is one of a privileged
nature; and I am quite as anxious as the
Senator from Illinois that the Senators from
Georgia,, whichever of the six here present
desiring admission it is determined to admit,
should be admitted, as I want their votes, and
I am satisfied I shall get them, in aid of the
bill I desire to bring before the Senate at an
early day. I give notice that immediately
after the disposition of this Georgia question,
if the Senate shall determine now to take it
up, I shall ask for the consideration of Senate
bill No. 68:1, being one of the bills embraced
in the resolution adopted last week setting
down three biiis for consideration on Friday
last. I should prefer to have the bill taken up
now; but at tin; same time, as I said before,
1 do not like to antagonize it against a ques-
tion of the nature relerred to by the Senator
fronj Illinois.
