1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr, Hamilton.
Senate.
are asked to indorse, by directing the Presi-
dent to disregard and entirely ignore the sol-
emn adjudication by that court, and the opin-
ions of the Attorneys General of the United
States in relation to this case, and treat them
all as though they had never existed. To this
I cannot consent. It is true that if there are
no vested rights upon the land in question
Congress may grant to William McGarrahan
seventeen thousand acres if it so desires. But,
sir, if under existing laws other persons have
vested rights upon the land it is not in the
power of Congress to take away or impair
such rights, whether such persons be the New
Idria Mining Company, or whoever they may
be ; and if necessary, it will be the province
and the duty of the courts to protect such
rights, a duty I have no doubt they will per-
form. But certainly we will cot attempt to
adjudicate and pass upon the rights of per-
sons who are not before us, and who have not
submitted their claims to ns or been heard by
themselves or attorneys upon the question of
their rights.
The committee recommend simply to decide
what is before us, that the claim of McGar-
rahan is not valid; and that leaves the land
in dispute all public domain of the United
States, unless other parties have under the
law legal and valid claims, which, of course,
they would be required to show hereafter be-
fore getting any title. If any such claims there
are they should be respected, whether the
claimants be as rich as Croesus or whether
they be as poor as Lazarus ; and if there are
no such legal and valid claims, then this land
belongs to the people of the United States,
and should be held for their benefit.
Much has been said in this discussion con-
cerning the New Idria Company, and a preju-
dice is sought to be raised against them. I do
not deem it my province here to champion their
cause. So far as I know the gentlemen who com-
pose that company, they are honorable, honest
men. One gentleman spoke of them as for-
eigners, as a matter which should prejudice
them, and that gentleman in the same breath
spoke of the claimant, McGarrahan, as a " poor
Irishman." Although it is of no consequence
so far as this case is concerned, yet 1 have
made inquiry, and I find it to be a fact that two
of the members of the New Idria Company
are foreign-born, being Scotchmen, though old
residents of California, and the other mem-
bers of the company are native-born citizens,
and all bona fide residents of California.
What rights they have in the portion of the
land they claim I am not prepared to say ; that
question was not referred to the committee;
the committee did notinvestigate it; but I find
that there are many gentlemen on this floor,
who have never read the evidence in this case
and never spent ten minutes in its examina-
tion, who are ready to declare by law that the
New Idria Company have no legal right or
claim whatever in the premises ; and I believe
some gentlemen go so far as to say that if
that company has claims under the law, such
claims should not be respected. All that I
have to say of that is, that it is sufficient time
to decide that question when it shall arise.
Before I take my seat I desire to say one
word further as to what the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the committee, terms
the mutilation of the records. In my opinion,
what was done in that respect was perfectly
proper. A record was made by a clerk of a
patent which was not executed. It was no
record; it was as if made by mistake, and
it was the duty of the person having control
of the rrcord to make such entry as would
explain it and inform parties examining the
records of the truth and the facts in the case.
And this was ordered to be done, and very
properly so, by the. Secretary of the Interior,
as the following extract from the testimony of
Mr. Joseph S. Wilson, Commissioner of the
General Land Office, taken before the commit-
tee, and which fnlly explains the entry on the
record and demonstrates its perfect propriety:
" Qwstion. Did you make an indorsement upon
the record of thispatent?
" Answer. The indorsement, I think, was written
by one of the clerks in the office. I did not write
it. I think it was written in the division of private
land claims. It w assigned by me and countersigned
by the recorder of the office under an order of the for-
mer Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Cox.
" Question. "Was that order in writing ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I think it is here. It is dated
July 15,1870, and I now present it to the committee.
It is as follows:
Department of the-Ixteeior,
Washington, D. C„ July 15, 1S70.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 13th in-
stant, in relation to " the application, dated the 11th
instant,, of George W. McGill, as attorney for Wil-
liam McGarrahan, for a certified copv of the record
of the Panoche Grande patent." You inform me
that the patent was never signed by the Presi-
dent's secretary to sign land patents, or counter-
signed by the recorder of the General Land Office,
and that the seal of your office was never affixed
thereto. As the record is, in your opinion, incom-
plete, wanting the name of the recorder or acting
recorder, you request the ruling of the Department
as to whether the copy should be furnished, in view
of the provisions of the act of July 2,1861, entitled,
"An act prescribing the terms on which exemplifi-
cations shall be furnished by the General Land
Office." You send me the original instrument and
the proposed form of certificate to be attached to
the copy asked for, in case such copy should be fur-
nished.
Your statement is fully ^established by an inspec-
tion of the instrument, and conforms to the evidence
which the files of this Department furnish on the
subject. I perceive that, by a letter of the Acting
Secretary of the Interior, of March 13, 18 63, your
offife was directed to suspend the "execution and
deliveryof the patent until further advised in the
case by the Secretary." No subsequent order or
direction in conflict therewith appears. The instru-
ment was never perfected in the mode required by
law, and it was, in its incomplete state, improperly
admitted to record. It cannot, be considered a pat-
ent, in the legal sense of the term. A paper writing,
purporting to convey lands in fee, if never signed,
sealed, and delivered, is not a deed, nor is it effect-
ual to pass the title tQ the land therein described.
You informed me in our personal interview that
it had been the practice to record these inchoate and
imperfected patents, including the name of the Pres-
ident's secretary, before he signed them; and that
when they were subsequently so signed the counter-
signing by the recorder of the General Land Office
was atterward affixed to the instruments, and a cor-
responding change made in the record. I deem the
practice to be an objectionable one, and you will
give the requisite directions to the recorder to dis-
continue it. The instrnmentshould not be recorded
until it is in all respects complete and ready for trans-
mission to the party who is thereunto entitled. In
every instance where record has been made of an
uncompleted instrument in anticipation of the due
execution of it, and the original is in your office un-
signedand unsealed,you will write across the record
in red ink, and in legible characters, a statement
of the facts, attested by your signature and counter-
signed by the recorder of the General Land Office;
and this statement should appear in the transcript
or exemplification of the record of the instrument
which you deliver.
Under the circumstances of this case, I have no
objection to your giving the requested copy, attach-
ing a certificate in the form presented to me, upon
the applicant's complying in other respects with the
statute and regulations of your office. The papers
accompanying your letters are herewith returned.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
lion. Joseph S. Wilson,
Commissioner General Land Office.
" Question. Was it in pursuance of that order of the
Secretary of the Interior that that cancellation was
made upon the record ?
"Answer. Yes, sir, I so understood it."
There was then no mutilation, but simply a
note of explanation, such as any keeper of rec-
ords should have done, and yet two thirds of
the speech of the gentleman from Ohio was
upon this terrible mutilation of the records.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] is in
favor of a resolution declaring that neither the
claimant, McGarrahan, nor the New Idria Min-
ing Company have any right to this land. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
is also in favor of such resolution, and admits
now that McGarrahan has no claim whatever.
Now, Mr. Speaker, those gentlemen agree
perfectly with the majority of the committee as
to the rights of McGarrahan, that he has none.
But I cannot agree to the resolution declaring
that the New Idria Mining Company have no
right in any of the land, because I have not,.
nor has the committee, nor the House, invest-
igated the rights of that company, or any other
party excepting the petitioner, McGarrahan,
who asks us to pass an act giving him the land.
I trust the resolution reported by the committee
will pass.
Congressional Election law.
SPEECH OF HON. W. T. HAMILTON,
OF MARYLAND,
IX THE UXITED STATES SENATE,
February 24, 1871.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration the bill (II. R. No. 2634) to amend
an act approved May 31,1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the right of citizens to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes "—
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, said:
Mr. President : The bill now before the
Senate for consideration is so extraordinary
in its character that a sense of duty impels me,
although at this late hour of the day, to submit
some observations upon it.
This bill contains nineteen sections; the law
which it proposes to amend contains twenty-
three sections ; and the actamendingthe natu-
ralization laws passed at the last session, and
which is allied to this legislation, contains nine
sections. So that we have a system of legisla-
tion upon this subject which, in covering so
large a portion of the statute-book, manifests
strongly the will of Congress to accomplish' a
purpose, and at the same time proves the diffi-
culties encountered by its supporters in effect-
ually doing it.
The general scope and character of this
legislation must be apparent to every reflect-
ing mind. It is to encroach still further upon
the rights of the States and of the people
of the States. It is a further step toward the
absorption of all power by the Federal Gov-
ernment. It is one of the series of measures
that have distinguished the legislation of Con-
gress for the past ten years. We have other
kindred measures projected and which may
soon be upon us for our action, all tending to
the same great alarming result, consolidation.
Just for a moment let me call the attention
of the Senate to several of the more important.
There is one providing for the construction
of railroads in the States, in which is asserted
the highest power or right known to Govern-
ment, the right of eminent domain—a right
always before recognized to be inherent and
exclusive in the States respectively—and by
which this Government undertakes to author-
ize individuals, under the forms of law, to go
into the Slates, and, without the consent of
the States or people, take and seize the lands
necessary for the use of the roads. Then
another measure now pending in the House
of Representatives, reported by a committee,
and I believe now under discussion, equally
asserting the power to go into the States and
take control of the education of our children.
Think of it, Mr. President! Think of the
overwhelmingly great powers here asserted!
One to supervise our elections, another to take
from us our lands, and another to take from
us the education of our children ! Sir, meas-
ures like these, if persisted in and successfully
carried out, must necessarily result in the ruin
of our free, federative system of government.
1 may be wrong in my views ; I may be wrong
in my fears ; but can I be, taught as we have all
been taught by the example and the precepts
of our fathers, the men who gave to the world
a revolution and gave to us our constitu-
tional form of government? In saying this
I do not wish to take to myself any claim for
superior patriotism or wisdom, nor is it my
