1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1643
over the ballots of the people who are to vote
for large numbers of officers at the same time.
It may be in the State of New York at a
general election that forty names—perhaps
fifty or sixty or raore—are voted for for differ-
ent offices at the same time. I know little of
the election laws of New York, bat I do know
that in the State of Georgia, in which there
are two or three cities of over twenty thousand
inhabitants, our election laws compel the man-
agers of election to number the ballots of the
voters, giving them the same number that the
poll-book contains opposite the voters' names.
That is for the sake of securing purity in the
election. Not only that, but, for the sake of
protecting the citizen in the liberty of voting as
he chooses, the managers are forbidden by law
from opening those ballots and seeing what
they contain. Now, if we appoint supervisors,
and they sit with the State managers of elec-
tion, how can they exercise the power of super-
visal over those ballots without opening them?
Does not that bring them in conflict with the
State law? Can there be accord between the
managers of the State election and these super-
visors appointed under this bill while the State
law is as it now is? Hence it has occurred to
me that it would be better if we regulated the
elections of members of Congress by declaring
that they should be voted for on separate bal-
lots, deposited in a separate box. That would
waive the objection, and would prevent by
possibility alt interference with the election
of State officers.
As for the great number of pains and pen-
alties attached to the bill, they may be neces-
sary to secure iu the great cities purity of
election, it is a question of discretion on the
part of the law-making power whether they
shall be enacted or not. It is a pretty sweep-
ing exercise of authority, and still may not
transcend the power conferred by the Consti-
tution. But I am not well satisfied that either
constitutionally or in the exercise of a sound
discretion we may interpose and by supervisors
(io that which the managers of the State elec-
tions are forbidden to do by the State laws.
Effective supervision involves inspection of the
Lalints of the people for their State officers.
Unless these objections should be removed,
I cannot conscientiously approve the bill. It
has been well said that we are not legislating
for a day, not for the time being ; and I prefer
very much that great caution should be exer-
cised in the enactment of this measure. I am
not very apprehensive that the powers of these
marshals will be exercised so recklessly that
they will seize citizens upon mere pretexts and
fill the prisons with them on the days of elec-
tion. That would involve the popular peace,
which would be a great evil. But my chief
objection to the scheme, which is novel to me,
is the one which I have indicated—the possi-
bility that it may interfere with the election
laws of States that have had no opportunity, no
notice having been given them, to make their
laws conform to our wishes in regard to the
election of members of Congress. I would
have liked the measure better if it had called
upon the States, or if it was an enactment pre-
scribing the manner of electing Representa-
tives, and providing that it should be done by
a distinct ballot, in a separate box,-and that the
supervisors should have nothing to do with any
ballots except those for members of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, to insert the word "lawful" before
'performance."
The question being put, there were on a
Jivision—ayes 9, noes 01.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YVILLEY. The Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Saui.sbury] has left the Hall, suffer-
ing from indisposition, and I agreed to pair oft
vith him. If he were present lie would vote
voa. '• Hid I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Oasserly, Fowler, Hamilton of
M aryland. Hill, Johnston. McCreery, Milter, Ross,
Tborman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham.
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Flan-
agan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrillof Vermont, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stearns. Stew-
art, Warner, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Brownlow, Cameron. Cattell. Cragin, Davis,
Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Rice, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer. Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
Thayer, and Willey- 23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer another
amendment, the one indicated awhile ago
in the very same clause: to insert after the
word "shall" and before "refuse," online
twenty- five of section ten, the word "willfully;"
so as to read, "or shall willfully refuse or neg-
lect to aid or assist any supervisor of elec-
tion," &c.
Mr. HOWARD. I will, with the Senator's
permission, put him the same question in refer-
ence to thig amendment that I did in regard
to the previous one: what does the word
" willfully " add to the words "refuse or neg-
lect?" Do not both of those terms imply will-
fulness, intelligence, purpose ?
Mr. CASSERLY. The word " willfully"
implies two things: it implies the ability to do
the act required, and it implies knowledge that
it was demanded; and neither of those is in-
cluded in the language of the provision as it
now stands. A man may refuse or he may
neglect to do a thing. He may refuse to do a
thing although it be demanded, because he is
unable to do it; and that happens a thousand
times in every man's life. The very common
ease of a call of the Senate, the sending of the
Sergeant-at-Arms after a Senator, will illus-
trate what I mean. If the Sergeant-at-Arms
should be sent for a Senator and the Senator
should refuse to come, and upon that refusal
he should be made liable by the law of this
Senate, that would be an extremely hard case,
because he might have the best reasons in the
world for refusing to come; he might be dis-
abled by accident or by sickness so as to be
unable to come. A Senator might refuse be-
cause he was paralyzed and unable to move.
There is a refusal, a distinct refusal coming
fully up to the language implied in this sec-
tion ; and yet who would say that that was a
willful refusal? So a man might be called by
the marshal and might not hear him, a case
very likely to happen in a tumult about the
polls. In such a case as that he would neg-
lect to obey the summons of the marshal; but
would it be a willful neglect? Surely not.
There can be no willfulness where there is no
knowledge of an existing duty. Indeed there
can be no disobedience of a duty the exist-
ence of which you did not know.
This subject was a good deal discussed in
a former stage of the peculiar, and, indeed,
extraordinary legislation of which Congress
has been so prolific even during the short time
I have been here, ill the case of the Georgia
bill. There the free, impartial sense of the
Senate was with me on an amendment that I
then offered, the purpose of which was the same
with the amendment that I now offer ; and it
was only after an effort made by the influential
men of the Senate that a sufficient number of
Senators were induced to retract the very
proper votes which they had given so as to
change the result. .
1 know of no case but one, in which, from
the mere doing of an act the law implies
malice, implies an evil intention ; and that is
the case of taking human life. Iu that case
the exception exists and is recognized, as I
said, in favor of human life. But even as to
that case there has always been a strong and,
perhaps, a growing school; an increasing sen-
timent iu the minds ot lawyers that a consid- jj
erable modification of the old law is called for
by the requirements of the highest justice.
If that be true there, much more so here,
where the question is not one of human life,
but the question of an arrest, more or less, at
the polls upon election day; where the ques-
tion is not whether you shall presume a tre-
mendous crime against one who has taken the
life of a human being, but whether you shall,
under the language of the law, conclusively
presume against an innocent, man who has
refused to assist a marshal that he had not
the ability to reach him in time by reason of
the pressure of the crowd between. The ques-
tion is whether you shall presume him conclu-
sively guilty of an offense under this statute.
But that is the "act" as it now stands. He
is conclusively guilty of the offense provided
for if, nnder any circumstances whatever, he
refuses upon the call of the marshal to aid
in making the arrest. The penalty is imposed
upon the refusal pure and simple, which may
be innocent, which may be inevitable, which
may be the result of circumstances beyond the
control of the party. Surely, in all justice, a
refusal to be criminal in its intention must
be a refusal accompanied with a full knowl-
edge of the facts and with complete ability to
render the assistance required. It seems to
me there ought to be no possible objection to
inserting the word "willfully" there before
" refuse." I move that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
California moves to amend the tenth section
on the twenty-fifth line by inserting the word
"willfully" before " refuse."
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 82; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Miller. Ros-:,
Thurman, Tipton, and Viekevs—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamim, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Morrill of
Vermont, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stearns, Stewart, Warner, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Oattell, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Ham-
ilton ot Texas, Hill, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Stockton, JSumner, Thayer, Trumbull, and
Willey—31.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I offer the following
amendment to come in at the end of the eighth
section :
But no officer whose duty it is to conduct or aid in
conducting an election, and withoutwhose presence
the election cannot legally proceed, shall be arrested
under the provisions of this act while in the actual
performance of his duty.
The object of the amendment is to prevent
the arrests of the officers of election. Under
the bill as it now stands an election may be
stopped entirely by the arrest of the person
whose duty it is to conduct it. The object of
this amendment is to prevent that sort of con-
summation and to let the election proceed
until its close.
Mr. VICKEIiS. That seems to be a very
proper and necessary amendment. According
to the general expression used in this bill, it
will be in the power of these supervisors of
election to arrest the judges of election or the
registration officers. That, of course, would
put an end to the election ; and if the politics
of the district, the ward, or precinct where
this interference were practiced should be in
opposition to the political wishes of the offi-
cer, he might take an opportunity of arresting
the judge of the election, so that the vote ot
that ward, district, or precinct should not be
counted. I do not think that such power
should be given to these special officers, par-
ticularly not to such as have been described as
appointees to attend the places of election at
the last election in the city of New York.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY.- If ihe Senator will yield
