mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Hamilton.
bENATE,
power at all, and then what is to be done?
By section five, article one, paragraph one—
*'Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
Therefore, when a representative comes to
the other Chamber the manner of his election
inay be made the subject of inquiry, and by
virtue of the powers granted in this clause all
matters pertaining to the fairness and purity
of his election may be examined, and in the
proper exercise of these powers wrongs can be
redressed that may have been in this respect
committed; but this refers to an exercise of
power here, and here is the place, and when
the representative comes in fact to be a mem-
ber of the body having jurisdiction in the
premises. But to send your marshals down
into the States to surround your polls and your
places of registration, and there arrest and im-
prison the people, electors and officers alike,
when in their judgment they should consider
according to their interpretation that there
was a violation of law, is a far different exer-
cise of authority.
Mr. President, go a step further. By whom
are the members of this body elected ? By the
Legislatures of the several States. The elec-
tion of Senators in Congress equally comes
under the provisions of this clause and to the
■same extent that it applies to the election of
Representatives, except as to the place of
choosing Senators. The clause, you remem-
ber, reads:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives," &c.
The same principles that would apply iti the
interpretation and construction of the " man-
ner of holding elections " for Representatives
would apply with the same force to the hold-
ing of elections for Senators. The same words,
the same language, the same power apply alike
to Senators and Representatives. The power
that carries you down into the States and
brings you in contact with the people there,
as is claimed by this bill, and would place
the elector and the officers of elections there
within your control, the same power would
carry you mto the Legislatures of the States
who send you here, and would place the elect-
ors of these legislative bodies under the like
control of Federal authority with the electors
in the States.
If this word " manner " comprehends what
is claimed for it by this bill over the electors
and people in the States in holding their elec-
tions for Representatives, to the same extent
and in the same manner can it be applied to
the State Legislatures in electing Senators. Is
not this so? If it be otherwise, let us under-
stand it. If there can be any difference made
in the application of the same language to the
election of Senators and Representatives, I de-
sire to know it. Members of the Legislature
are the electors of Senators, as are the quali-
fied voters of the State the electors of Repre-
sentatives.
By the act of Congress passed in 1866 you
have prescribed the '• manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators." In doing that, however,
you have observed a propriety of action in
thorough accordance with the real power
granted to you for these purposes. This act
confines itself to the manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and nothing more, and is
a construction in itself of what you yourselves
but a few short years ago considered a proper
exercise of this'power. You did not then send
into the legislative halls of the States Federal
officers to ascertain whether any member had
been bribed, threatened, or intimidated in the
election of a Senator to Congress; though, if
we could believe the reports current in the
country, the corruptions in the popular elec-
tions in New York, so frequently brought to
our hearing by Senators on the other side of
the Chamber, are nothing when compared to .
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 14.
some of the alleged corruptions perpetrated in
the elections of Senators to Congress.
These scandalous reports pervaded the
whole land, and with as much apparent cause
for credence as many of those you have
alleged against the people, put in that act.
Nor do yoii in the bill .now before us. Do you
direct Federal officers to go into your State
Legislatures, supervise the casting of the
votes there, supervise the conduct of -the
members, supervise their relations to other
people? You have there no Federal spies,
no paidFederal supervisors nor marshals, nor
aid to marshals, in order to see that each
member of the Legislature casts an incorrupt-
ible vote, and a vote unawed by intimidation
for a Senator to this Chamber; you have pro-
vided for no offenses, you have provided for
no arrests, no trials ; you have inflicted no pen-
alties 1 I repeat, Mr. President, if you say
that by the force of that clause and of that
word "manner," making the important part
of it, you have the right to go into the States
and there superintend with your Federal power
the electors in the State, prescribe their course
of conduct, either their personal conduct or
in their relations with others, declare what
shall constitute offenses against law, and in
what manner they shall be amenable and have
trial, and what penalties they shall suffer, the
same clause and the same word will take you
clothed with all like power into the legislative
bodies of the States !
Against this most extraordinary claim of
power I protest. The consequences that must
necessarily flow from the exercise of such a
power must end disastrously to our whole sys-
tem of government. Your great power rests
in supervising the elections, when made to as-
certain whether the persons alaiming election
have been properly elected; and even in the
exercise of this great and delicate power you
cannot be too circumspect or prudent in your
action and too careful in going beyond the
legitimate bounds of authority even here. Do
you believe, Mr. President, that you have this
power? The good sense, the dignity of this
office, among the highest upon earth, repre-
senting the sovereign States of the Union,
would reject a construction that would thus
carry the superintendence of Federal authority
into the Legislatures of the States with the con-
tempt, scorn, and indignation it merits. The
exercise of it would create a revolution, if any-
thing could, and that even in the State of Ver-
mont, wedded as it is to Federal power. And
yet, Mr. President, you propose by this bill to
send down into the States the superintendency
and controlling power of the Federal Govern-
ment, and take possession of the electors and
of the people there and of their own selected
officers. If you can do the one you can do the
other. I say you can do neither. I say that,
the freeman exercising his great right in the
State where he is entitled to vote stands the
peer of a member of the Legislature whose
vote sends a Senator here. His rights are as
dear, as sacred, and as perfect, and his power
as sovereign in his character as an elector,
as is the member, his representative in the
Legislature in Jals character as an elector for
Senator.
Mr. President, I am expressing my own
opinions. They may be crude, may be alto-
gether erroneous; but they are my own con-
victions. I always look with a jealous eye upon
the encroachments of power, and especially
upon the powers that are usurped, or perhaps
it may be more proper to say asserted, here,
which are derogatory to the honor, the char-
acter, and sovereignty of the States. Why,
Mr. President, the bill is a bill of pains and
penalties; a bill filled with Federal office-
holders ; officers to watch the voters and the
people and their officers, and penalties to
inflict upon them!
Sir, read the first section. I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it. Hear it:
Sec. 1. And be it further enactcd. That if at any
registration of voters for an election for Representa-
tive or Delegate in the Congress of the United States,
any person shall knowingly personate and register,
or attempt to register, in the name of any other per-
son, whether living, dead, or fictitious, or fraudu-
lently register, or fraudulently attempt to register,
not havinga lawful rightso to do; or do any unlaw-
ful act to secure registration for himself or any other
person; or by force, threat, menace, intimidation,
bribery, reward, or offer, or promise thereof, or other
unlawful means, prevent or hinder any person hav-
ing a lawful right to register from duly exercising
suoh right; or compel or induce, by any of such
means, or other unlawful means, an/ officer of
registration to admit to registration any person not
legally entitled thereto, or interfere in any manner
with any officer of registration in the discharge of
his duties, or by any such means, or other unlawful
means, induce any officer of registration to violate
or refuse to comply with his duty or any law regu-
lating the same; or if any suoh officer shall know-
ingly and willfully register as a voter any person
not entitled to be registered; or refuse to so register
any person entitled to be registered; or if any such
officer or other person whose duty it is to perform
any duty in relation to such registration or elec-
tion, or to ascertain, announce, or declare the result
thereof, or give or make any certificate, document,
or evidence in relation thereto, shall knowingly neg-
lect or refuse to perform any duty required by law,
or violate any duty imposed by law, or do any act
unauthorized by law relating to or affecting such
registration or election, or the result thereof, or any
certificate, document, or evidence in relation thereto,
orif any personshall aid, counsel, procure, or advise
any such voter, person, or officer to do any act here-
by made a crime, or to omit any act the omission of
which is hereby made a crime, every such person
shall be deemed guilty of a crime, andshall be liable
to prosecution and punishment therefor as provided
in section nineteen of said actof May 31,1870, for per-
sons guilty of any of the crimes therein specified :
Provided, That every registration made uuder the
laws of any State or Territory for any State or other
election at which such Representative or Delegate
in Congress shall be chosen, shall be deemed to be a
registration within the meaning of this act, notwith-
standing the same shall also be made for the pur-
poses ot any State, territorial, or municipal election.
This section, it will be observed, refers to the
registration of voters, to their proper qualifi-
cation in that respect; to the commission of
frauds in registering; undertakes to secure
electors and officers against threats, intimida-
tion, and bribery; bat in all these respects does
it pretend to change or alter any State regular
tion in the holding of the election ? Not at
all; it is purely and merely nothing but an
attempted enforcement of State lawsandState
regulations for holding elections ; it does not
make any new regulation or change any in
existence in the States. Can it be possible
that such powers can be exercised by Congress?
But this section does more, if more can be
done. It undertakes to punish State officers in
the execution of State laws—both officers of
registration and of election. You clothe your
marshals and assistant marshals with the power
of arresting any of our State officers of regis-
tration or election ; you impose penalties upon
them for not discharging their duties as State
officers ; you try them in your courts for pre-
tended violations not of your laws but of our
own ; you do all this to officers not appointed
by you, in nowise responsible to you, and ap-
pointed or elected not to administer your laws
but the laws of their own States, and alone
responsible to the State for the performance of
their duties, and amenable alone to the State
for the manner in which they may perform
them ; and all this is done on the pretext that
it is embraced in the " manner of holding
elections!"
Mr. President, can human presumption go
further, or can there be a more reckless dis-
regard of what belongs to a written Constitu-
tion? I thought that if there was one ques-
tion well settled in the law of this country it
was the one that our State officers were free
from the control of Federal power in the dis-
charge of their duties to their State and to
its laws; I thought if-there was one question
above another settled it was the well-defined
separation of Federal and State officers and
the thorough independence of each in the dis-
