310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Senate.
Congressional Election Law—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Cong....3dSess.
charge of their respective duties under their
several governments; that the Federal Gov-
ernment could impose no duty to be discharged
by State officers in the administration and
execution of Federal law. And was it ever
imagined before that this Government could
impose upon State officers the duty of admin-
istering and executing their own State laws?
Go back, sir, to the decision in the case of
Priggrs.The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
in the Supreme Court of the United States,
and there, in the opinion of the court delivered
by Justice Story, and in the dissenting opinion
of Chief Justice Taney, only dissenting upon
some points, but not as to the results of the
opinion, it was conceded that no such power
existed. Why, sir, admit this power to any
extent of the right of the Federal Government
thus to interfere with the administration of
State laws, and thus to control State officers,
and you may at once roll up all your State con-
stitutions as a scroll, abolish your State gov-
ernments, and dissolve yourselves into the
atomized elements of an empiro.
If you desire to make or alter the regulations
now existing for holding elections for Repre-
sentatives, do so; fix the time and place and
prescribe the manner; do all this, if you will
interfere in these elections at all, but do not
supervise, regulate, and control the official
action of officers of the State in the execution
of the laws of the State, as proposed by this
bill. Such a perversion of the Constitution
is a foul blot upon the patriotism and intel-
ligence of its framers; it is not good faith to
the States ratifying it; it is not good faith to the
people; itisan assumption of power capable of
dissolving ail the ties that unite us as a people.
Mr. President, I have thus examined gen-
erally this first section of the bill, tilled with all
kinds of wrong as it is, but allow me to go
further for one moment. Let mc reiterate, it
changes neither the time nor the placcs nor the
manner fixed by the laws of the States for hold-
ing the elections : but, sir, it does provide for
spies and for informers set over the officers of
theState and over the people, with the power to
arrest without warrant and to imprison with-
out trial, to try them in the courts of the Uni-
ted States, not for acting under the laws of the
United States, but for executing oue of their
own; it assumes to try them in the Federal
courts here; they are to execute or observe
State laws, and these courts are to determine
•what duties theState laws prescribe respecting
elections both to the officers and to the people.
The interpretation and adjudication of State
laws are to be had in the Federal courts, and
State officers aud the people accordingly pun-
ished as by theseauthorities it may be adjudged.
Rather than all this wrong and outrage, make
provision at once lor the election of your own
Representatives in Congress; let our people
alone, our institutions untouched by this con-
taminating power; let us hold our elections in
peace, and keep from our sight this swarm of
officers with the hated emblems of their brief
authority, the haughty air, the despotic bear-
ing, the insolent action that belongs to the
kind of men generally clothed with the great
power of this Government.
Mr. President, I kuow that this bill, so far as
regards actual supervision by Federal officers,
is confined to cities having upward of twenty
thousand inhabitants. I know that these cities
are not in number so many. I do not fear the
bill in its practical results. The people will
rise above this as they did above the act you
passed last session. The public mind was then
roused, and where you expected most you got
the least. All I ask is for the ballot, the free
and unobstructed right to cast it, and that it
may be fairly counted ; it will, unless the peo-
ple are altogether lost to the true spirit of our
republican institutions, in time settle all these
questions.
But, sir, it is the pernicious influences of
a measure like this, the bad example, the
dangerous precedents, the cruel wrongs, the
vicious principles, the unauthorized assump-
tions, the gross usurpations, against which I
declaim and which I so much deplore. The
wrongs and injuries and outrages that may be
committed under it will only be witnesses rising
up against you in the day of trial. Wrongs
must accumulate at times in order that the
popular will may be more decisively felt, when
the virtue of a people rebel against them ; per-
haps the more imperiously and tyrannically
you use the powers in this bill the sooner and
the better will the end be.
Go on with this and like measures if you
choose. If the instincts of the people but
remain true, their will will not be stayed nor
perverted. You may effect some results in
some localities. You may have usurpations
in New York. You may have there on the
day of an important election, the judges of
election in many Democratic wards, arrested
and the election suspended under the powers
contained in this bill, but it is at last but revo-
lution; though under the forms of law, it is
but revolution, and you will be held respons-
ible for it. A practical illustration of the law
by your marshals, assistant marshals, and aids
in the arrest of judges on the day of election,
and the suspension and nullification of the
elections, especially in the great cities of the
Union where great results may be determined,
would send a thrill throughout the land, and
an indignant people tired of revolution, tired
of all kinds of excesses, tired of the arbitrary
exercise of power, in their desire for peace, for
order, and good government, would be heard.
And now, Mr. President, I propose to go a
little farther into the examination of this bill.
The first section of the bill, and to which I
have been more particularly directing atten-
tion, is general, as you will observe, in its
character, and applies to the whole country
wherever voting is done ; but by the second
section the appointment of supervisors and of
marshals and assistant marshals for the pur-
pose of superintending the elections is limited
to cities of upward of twenty thousand inhab-
itants ; and how and for what do you provide
in this respect? You provido that the judge
of the circuit court of the United States for the
circuit in which such city may be located shall
appoint, upon the written request of two citi-
zens, two supervisors for each voting precinct
in the city. To carry with it the semblance of
generosity and fairness the judge is required
to select one from each political party. I may
allude more particularly hereafter to the man-
ner of this appointment; but just here I would
remark that I do not like the phrase " each
political party" to become a part of the law
of Congress. I do not like to hear party men-
tioned in any law. It was left for this day to
do such a thing among the many strange and
extraordinary things done in legislation. This
recognition of party in the laws of Congress
does not sound well to my ear, and it does not
give the bill any more favor with me. Enact-
ments here ought to belong to the country
and not to party. What I want,if such appoint-
ments are to be made, are good, conscientious
men; men who, having a respect for them-
selves, will respect the people and the' law in
the exercise of their delicate and dangerous
powers; not those dregs of party, and of what-
ever party, in the appointment of whom to
supervise the elections in New York last fall
was so strikingly illustrated the utter inefS-
ciency of such a provision to secure fit men for
such places.
Again, Mr. President, in what character are
these supervisors sent down to the voting pre-
cincts? Sir, in the character of spies! Spies
to see, to hear, to watch 1 Is this the change
you propose to make in the "manner of hold-
ing elections"—the establishment of the spy
system? Have you not yet forgotten the
terrible system of the late war? Not now
having the war for a pretext to maintain this
revolting system you would carry it on in the
peaceful elections of the people.
Whom and what are these supervisors to
watch ? They are to wateh your own regis-
trars and judges of election ; they are to have
position by them ; they are to watch the ballot-
box; they are to scrutinize the voter and scru-
tinize the canvass of ballots; they are to chal-
lenge the people and watch the people, and
their own appointed officers in the administra-
tion of their own State laws ! They are put
there as masters with the lash of this bill drawn
over the people, and their agents and officers,
to see that they all do their duty, according to
what may be considered duty by these men.
There is no change of law proposed as it exists
under the State; the registrars and judges
of election are there in the discharge of their
common and ordinary duties upon the part
of the State, and amenable to the State for
the proper discharge of those duties; but by
them these supervisors sit, eager in their
watch and imperious in their power, Pra3tors
from the imperial Government to the provinces
of the empire.
But again, these supervisors are not only
to see, hear, and watch; they are to report
in writing to the chief supervisor all matters
that may occur or come under their super-
vision or that they may deem proper to report;
and besides, the chief supervisor may examine
ex parte into the matters reported and make
report thereof to the Clerk of the House of
Representatives and file with such Clerk all
the papers and evidence taken by him. So
that we have here a cunningly-devised system
of espionage ; a most admirable mode of pre-
paring the ways and means to carry elections,
or to secure the return of persons suitable to
a dominant party. Not only are the super-
visors to report what they or any one of them
may imagine or conjure in the midst, it may be
of a great popular election and the excite-
ment of the moment, with party predjudice,
influence, and the desire of party success
supreme, but the chief supervisor who will
naturally be of the dominant party, to whom
they are to report, has the right to enter into
an examination of all matters ex parte, without
a right of defense before him, without notice
to the persons that may be adversely affected
by his report, and to send them to the House
of Representatives, where they are to be
regarded as official papers.
You can well imagine, sir, what wrongs may
be perpetrated under such a system. The re-
port of this chief supervisor will be omnipo-
tent with the dominant party in the House
and a contest against it will be useless. Where
there is such a great power as this corruption
will be sure to exist; reports will be made to
order; all kinds of witnesses will be examined
to suit the requirements of the occasion; and
that you can get witnesses for any purpose
and to establish anything, see the evidence
taken in cases from the South and North. A
party success will be required in the House,
a prepared report will secure it. Thus it is a
defense for the more conscientious, who would
hardly dare vote against the right, but who
would not go to the trouble to go behind the
report of the chief supervisor.
Mr. President, to what are we coming?
Have we no respect for our States ? Do we
not here at least represent States ? Have we
lost all sense of the dignity and honor belong-
ing to the States, and of all independence be-
longing to the people, that we, Senators here,
should impose upon both a law so subversive
of the rights of all, and so corrupting in its
influences and so debasing in its purposes?
And next, sir, by whom are these supervisors
