212
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL "GLOBE.
[February 24,
Senate.
Congressional Election Laio—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
of the great marshals "who helped to fix the
star of the first Napoleon so high in the sky,
pot even one of the modern marshals of un-
fortunate and humbled France, but a marshal
of the district of Maryland, who, filled with the
importance of his position and clothed with the
sovereign authority of the United States, under-
took to issue a proclamation to the people of
that State upon the eve of the last election as
peremptory m its commands as any ever before
issued by any officer to any body of subordin-
ates. I have this proclamation before-me ; I
remember it well. I remember well the indig-
nation that thrilled our people at the thought
that a United States marshal should thus arro-
gate to dictate to them in the manner he did 1
Mr. President, if there ever was a people of
a State disposed to deal fairly, justly, and gen-
erously with the negro population, it was the
people of the State which I have in part the
tonor to represent. They promptly responded
to the requirements of the fifteenth amendment,
obnoxious as ife was to them and to their senti-
ment of right and of propriety. They regis-
tered everyone applying and entitled to regis-
tration; they cast their entire strength at the
polls, reaching to some thirty-five thousand
votes. A large mass of these voters lived in
Baltimore, In the great press of people there,
some turbulent, some mischievous, atid the
large mass still heated in their feelings against
this legislation, it was deemed advisable by
some of the authorities in that city, for the
purpose of avoiding all difficulty and trouble,
and for giving full and free opportunity to
all to vote, to set about making provision for
the separation of the white and the colored
voters, in their approach to the ballot-box, by
the erection of a barrier at the place where
the votes were to be received. We all know
bow our .popular elections are at times con-
ducted, and especially in times of great excite-
ment. Where there is a large mass of voters
collected at such times, each eager to deposit
his ballot, the strong will often take the places
of the weak, and the energetic and the rough
will push aside the more retiring and diffident.
Some of the judges of election, to guard
against all this, and that all might vote peace-
ably and freely, intended to make such ar-
rangements. But no 1 this did not suit a
United States marshal! Therefore his proc-
lamation to the people. I desire that it be
read by the Clerk.
The Secretary read as follows:
Card from United States Mnralutl (/obfaborouoh.
■ For the information of tho public, and to prevent
any misunderstanding, und for tho further purpose
of assisting in securing an election on Tuesday
next, 8th instant, in accordance with the require-
meat# of law, I tuink it advisable to state that, in
pursuanceof tbelaws of tho United State* forbidding
the making of ftny distinction between qualified
voters by reason of color, race, previous condition,
&c., ami in eons'-quenc^ my instructions in regard
to elections, no obstruct ion, fence, barrier, or division
fci tho polls, intended to make any such distinction,
or aopamtmtr tho voters as they approach tho polls
into eludes, because ol color, race, «fec., can bo per-
mitted at the polls on Tuesday next.
Tii© police commissioners of tho State, and the
officers under thorn, with the judges of election, are
primarily charged with preserving order and tho
public peace, and with theduty of securing regularity
and order in tho approach of voters to tho poll, the
ascertainment of their aualitications, and tho deposit
of their ballots.
The public peace, the order and regularity of ap-
proach, and the delivery of their ballot by voters
have hitherto always been secured and maintained
without difficulty by lorming all voter?, without
distinction, into one lino, givm? them places there-
in according to the time and oider of their coming
up, and thca requiring'their orderly approach by
one side to the polliug place and their departure on
the other alter they h:ul voted. This mode of ap-
proach by all voters has sometimes been assisted by
erecting a bar in front of the poll, so contrived as
to keep off the crowd in front, and to requiro all to
approach on one side. There could bo no objection
to that mode now.
By that course perfect order, regularity, fairness,
and the speediest delivery of vote* can now be at-
tained. Hitherto no one has ever proposed to sep-
arate the votersinto classes distinguished by dress
or manners, or political sentiments or complexion,
or for any other reason. It is now proposed, fortbe
first time, to erect such a barrier, extending in
length out from the poll, in ordertomake a distinc-
tion between the voters on account of color, and to
require the white voters to approach and depart on
one side of that fence and the colored voters to
approach on the other side. This is a distinction
expressly forbidden by thelaw of the United States,
and no such fence, barrier, or contrivance can be
suffered, and no regulation making that distinc-
tion will be permitted to be enforced.
It will give mo pleasure to cooperate, if possible,
by every means at my disposal, with the police com-
missioners and with the authorities charged by tho
laws of Maryland with theduty of maintaining order
at the polls. Such is my intention. And I hope that
they will prevent the attempt to introduce auy such
innovation as a fence to make distinction between
voters by reason of color. Any barriers like those
heretofore used for the purpose of securing tho ap-
proach of all voters in a line on one side and their
dopaituro on the other would facilitate the voting,
and there ought to be no difficulty in agreeing to
such an assistance^ but no contrivance to make a
distinction between voters by reason of color will be
allowod. , E. Y.GOLDSBOEOUGH,
United States Marshal for the Diatrictof Maryland.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have had
this read, not because it is a paper more im-
portant than many others of like kind put
forth upon the country, nor that this marshal
is more than any other unpretending citizen
of my State, but I have had it read to show the
spring that moves this body of men. I have
had it read to show that this paper was issued
in a State adjacent to this capital, under the
very eye, in fact, of the President, and which
must have come under his observation; and
yet I have not heard of any rebuke to this offi-
cer. Think you, sir, bow long a-n officer issu-
ing such a paper to the people of a sovereign
State would have remained in place under a
.Jefferson, a Madison, or a Jackson 1 I have
had it read in this presence to bring it to the
attention of those in power, and to be able to
express my own reprobation of it, not only
as a citizen of my own State, upon which this
outrage was perpetrated, but as a citizen of
the United States, living under a Govern-
ment of delinedand limited powers. It would
be amusing, if it were not trifling with so
grave a subject, to observe how this officer
would direct how citizens should approach
the polls; how they should arrange them-
selves in line ; what kind of barriers or lines
of separation between the races to erect; that
there would be no objection to this mode or no
objection to that mode; but, in language not
to be misunderstood, that no contrivance or
regulation making a distinction of color should
be allowed 1
I thought, sir, that the law to which the
gentleman appeals for this interference was
to secure the ballot to colored men ; not that
they must stand side by side, or one before
orone behind a white man in voting, but that
they should be allowed simply to vote.
I do not know, Mr. President, how it will
be when the day comes, so anxiously looked
for by certain honorable Senators within my
eye, when the ballot shall be extended to the
other sex—now so tender in their sensibilities
about color, and opposed to all kinds of dis-
tinction, in that respect—might, I apprehend,
be willing to allow some distinction to be made
here, although their pretensions for the sex
would invest her with more ruggedness than
manhood itself.
To be sure, sir, I can congratulate the coun-
try that no such papers, and no such exercises
of power betrayed our people into any excesses
or disturbed the tranquillity that the great oc-
casion required. The free people of Mary-
land vindicated their right to the principles of
self government. They met the foe, white and
black, marshaled in all their strength, and in
the highest hopes of partial, if not complete
success, and their triumph was complete and
overwhelming; they were true to their race
and to their lineage, and their triumph, Mr.
President, is still more magnificent in its com-
prehensiveness and in its beneficence, because
it was not stained by a single act of injustice,
nor was it followed by the single complaint
of a human being.
Mr. President,-1 proceed again and call the •
attention of the Senate to the sixth section of
the bill, and to inquire how it is possible to
conform some of its provisions with the elec-
tion laws of.some of the States. The super-
visors of election, appointed under the second
section of the bill, are required to take such
positions with respect to the ballot-box on the
day of the election—
"Whether before or behind the ballot-boxes, as
will, in their judgment, best enable them or him to
see each person offering himself lor registration or
offering to vote, and as will best conduce to their or
his scrutinizing the manner in which the registration
or voting is being conducted; and at the closing of
the polls for the reception of votes, they are, and
each of them is, hereby required to place themselves
or himself in such position in relation to the ballot-
boxes, for the purpose of engaging in the work of
canvassing the ballots in said boxes contained as
will enable them or him to fully perforin the duties
in respect to such canvass provided in this act, and
shall there remain until every duty in respect tosueh
canvass, certificates, returns, and statements shall
have been fully completed, anv law of any State or
Territory to the contrary notwithstanding.
How can those duties be applied to the
election laws of some of the States? It will
always be remembered that the bill does not
propose to change such election laws, but
simply to enforce them. I call the attention
of Senators to this seel ion of the bill and to
the duties there prescribed to the supervisors,
and at the same time call their attention to
the election laws of South Carolina, iu illus-
tration of what I have said.
I hold in my hand the laws of the General
Assembly of South Carolina, passed at the
regular session of 1869-70, in which I find "an
act providing for general elections and the
manner of conducting the same." This law
provides for the general election, at which all
State officers are elected, as also liepresenta-
tives in Congress.
The third section reads thus:
"That for the purpose of carrying on such elec-
tion it shall be the duty of the Governor, and he is
hereby authorized and empowered, at least sixty
days prior to any such election, to appoint in and
for oach county three commissioners of election,
whose duty it shall be, and they are hereby author-
ized and empowered, to appoint three managers of
elections for each election precinct of tho county
for which they shall respectively bo appointed."
The Governor appoints three commission-
ers, and these three commissioners appoint
three managers for each election precinct.
What are those commissioners to do ?
"The commissioners of election shall provide one
box for each election precinct. An opening shall be
made in the lid of such box, not larger thini shall be
sufficient lor a single ballot to be inserted therein at
one time, through which each ballot received, proper
to be placed in such box, shall be inserted by tho
Person voting, and by no other; each box shall bo
provided with a sufficient lock, and shall be locked
before the opening of the poll, and the keys retained
by the commissioners, and shall not be opened
during the election."
Now, we understand that by this law three
commissioners appoint three managers of elec-
tion, and these commissioners supply the man-
agers with a box which is locked and the key
retained by the commissioners. But the act
proceeds:
"At tho close of the election, and within three days
after tho day thereof, the chairman of the board of
managers, or one of them, who may be designated
by the board, shall deliver to the commissioners
of election the poll-list, and boxes containing tho
ballots."
These boxes, with the votes in them, can
remain in the possession of the managers un-
counted for three days. I suppose that in that
State, as in every other, those boxes are not
made in so peculiar a manner that there can-
not be found any other key in the land to open
them. After being not exceeding three days
in the hands of the managers, they are to be
delivered, with the ballots uncounted, over to
the commissioners of election, who appointed
them and who retained ia their possession the
