1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaty 24,
"yea" and I should vote "nay," and this
pair continues through all the amendments
and on the final rote on the bill. I should vote
for and he would vote against the passage of
the bill. As neither of us may be here when
the vote is taken, I desire to make this state-
ment now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
r23-!ted—yeas 8, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messr3. Bayard, Blair, Hamilton of Mary-
land. Johnston, Miller, Thurman, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling. Corbett, Cra-
gin. Gilbert, Hamlin. Howard, Howe, Howell, Lewis,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Porae-
roy, Pratt. Revels, Robertson, Ross. Sawyer, Scott.
Stearns, Ste.wart, "Warner, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Davis, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Harris, Hill, Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stoekton, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, and Wil-
ley—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. In section four, lines
three and four, I move to strike out the words
"and required." The section as itnow reads
provides—
That it shall be the duty of the supervisors of elec-
tion appointed under this act, and they and each of
them are hereby authorized and required, to attend
at all times and places fixed for the registration of
voters who, being registered, would be entitled to
vote for a Representative or Delegate in Congress,
and to challenge any person offering to register.
The objection to the section as it now stands
is that it is made the duty of these supervis-
ors to challenge every person who offers to
register. There can be but two interpretations
given to it. One would be that if they challenge
any person they had discharged their duty and
were functus officio ; bnt that is an interpreta-
tion too absurd to be thought of. The conse-
quence is that the other interpretation is the
only one that can be given to the section, that
they are required to challenge every person
who offers to register. What kind of a law is
that ? This is to be a law executed in large
cities, where a majority of the persons who are
entitled to be registered are known to the regis-
tering officers, and where they ought at once to
be registered ; and yet every one of them, ac-
cording to this bill, is to be challenged! What
is that but to prevent registration ? What is
that but to prevent the work of registration
from being performed? There can be but one
answer to it. If this bill is to be enacted into
a law as it now stands, it cannot be carried
into effect without depriving thousands upon
thousands of voters of the right to vote by
depriving them of registration.
But, sir, plain as this thing is, plain as it
seems to everybody who has looked at the
bill, I have no idea that this amendment will
be adopted. I suppose a decree of the caucus
has gone forth that this bill, with ail its deform-
ities and all its enormities upon its head, shall
be passed just precisely as it came from the
House of Representatives. Although there is
no necessity lor passing it at this session at all,
even if it were a good law, although it might just
as well go over to the next session, yet the fiat
of caucus has gone forth that this bill is to be
passed, that not a letter shall be changed in
the whole bill, from one end to the other. If
it were as vile as it is possible for imagination
to conceive, yet we know how much caucus
can effect, and we know how imperious are
its decrees and how well they are obeyed.
Here is a plain provision, which makes the law
impossible of execution, or if not impossible of
execution, which will deprive thousands and
thousands of people of their right to register
and vote. If my motion prevails, and the
words "and required" be stricken out, then
the authority to challenge anybody will be
left to the supervisors; but they will not be
required to challenge everybody who appears
to be registered.
* The VICE PJJE81DENT. The Question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD, (in his seat.) Question on
the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to (he con-
sideration of my associates in this body that
we are entering upon a debate of a bill that
is calculated to enlist a great deal of earnest
feeling, to use no stronger word, and we shall
all get along better by observing more strictly
than upon occasions less exacting than this
the laws which govern this body, and par-
ticularly that rule, so well adapted to maintaiu
order and decorum in debate, which forbids
any Senator to make any remarks in an audi-
ble tone from his seat, but requires him on
the contrary to rise in his place and address
the Chair when he speaks. I throw out the
suggestion in the best possible feeling, for the
sake of order and decorum, and of the good
feeling that I should prefer to see here. It
will be very difficult to preserve any of those
desirable features of debate if the suggestion
which 1 commenced with is not complied with.
My associate on this side of the Chamber,
the Senatorfrom Ohio, [Mr. Thurmaj.',] has
moved to amend the section as to challenges at
the registration. The evil of this most absurd,
I had almost said idiotic, requirement, that
the officer named shall challenge everybody
that comes to register, is not so great in the
case of registration as in the case of the voter.
I am quite aware how improbable it is that
anything that can be said by me or any one in
this Chamber will succeed in altering a single
word in this bill; but at the same time it is
my duty, and it is more respectful to assume
that debate in the end will do some good. As
the dropping water wears the stone, so it may
be that continual repetition of the evil features
of this bill may have its effect. I hope it may,
for I think 1 have never seen a bill that seemed
to be so contrived by a most perverted and
vicious ingenuity to accomplish very serious
results in government.
I propose to offer an amendment in section
five, line eight. I propose to strike out the
words "shall doubt" and to insert the words
" shall believe to be insufficient." The sec-
tion as it stands not merely authorizes, but
requires the supervisors of election to chal-
lenge the vote of any person "whose legal
qualifications the supervisors, or either of them
shall doubt." I propose to make the clause
read " whose legal qualifications the super-
visors, or either of them, shall believe to be
insufficient."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
California, in section five, line eight, to strike
out the words "shall doubt" and insert" shall
believe to be insufficient," referring to the legal
qualifications of voters.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think that the
supervisors should be required to challenge
the vote of any man whose legal qualifications
they may doubt. It seems to me that every
good end of any law on this subject will be
accomplished if they are required to act on a
belief or an opinion. If the word "required"
were not there, I should regard the language
"shall doubt" as comparatively unobjection-
able ; but to oblige a man to challenge a vote
because he doubts whether it is a good vote or
not, it seems to me is a very harsh provision
of law, and very well calculated to defeat the
true object of all laws upon elections. So far
as they undertake to deal with the voting, that
object should be always to facilitate voting
within all reasonable limits and by all proper
means. But, sir, when you institute a corps
of officers, whom yon set about the polls, and
whom you not merely authorize to challenge
any man whose votj^they doubt, but whom you
require to do it, you impose upon the super-
visors a duty which must necessarily conflict
with the prompt reception of the votes. If the
supervisor must challenge any rote that ho
doubts, then it follows, almost as a matter of
course, that he must challenge any vote that
he does not know to be legal. Is there any
doubt of that proposition? Can there be any
question of it? When you require him rot to
give the voter the benefit of his doubt, Vjt
require him to decide his doubt against the
voter by challenging him, as though he knew
he was not entitled, or believed him not enti-
tled, to vote, you require something which is
perfectly inconsistent in its practical relations
with the carrying on of a peaceable or satis-
factory election.
The duty of challenging, as we all know, is
not a pleasant one at the best. Those who
have any practical knowledge of what goes on
at the polls on election day, especially in re-
spect to challenging, are perfectly well aware
that scarcely any one is ever challenged without
taking offense, even though the challenge be
well grounded and though the vote be offered
in the best good faith. The cases are number-
less where the disqualification turns upon mere
questions of law, and where the voter offers
his vote in good faith. Yet even there I have
known intelligent men, men ordinarily incapa-
ble of taking offense at any just and respectful
assertion of the law, particularly of taking
offense at anything which prevented them from
falling into a considerable error, to go away
from the polls seriously incensed, because of -
a challenge of their vote, which was successful.
Instead of making such a duty as that imper-
ative on your supervisors, and thereby sowing
the seeds of ill-blood, of disorder, of conten-
tion, and, indeed, of riot at the polls, you
should give these officers a discretion. You
should authorize them merely to challenge any
vote which they doubt, not compel them to do
it. Why do you put them there? It is be-
cause you trust them; you have Confidence in
their judgment and in their good faith. If you
have, why not trust their judgment and good
faith so far as this: that they may be author-
ized to challenge a vote if in their opinion it is
doubtful? Is not that sufficient? Why, in
| addition to that, do you compel them, under
I the pains and penalties of this bill provided
against the supervisors themselves, to chal-
lenge a vote without having any fixed opinion
or even a belief that it is not perfectly lawful ?
To retain that provision is to retaiu a provision
for disorder, for irritation, for tumult at the
polls.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The amendment was rejected; there beins,
on a division—ayes 9, noes 35.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, addressed
the Senate in opposition to the bill. [His
remarks will be published in the Appcmisx.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I had occasion awhile
ago to refer slighly to the impropriety of a
provision in this bill which permits an arrest
without process by any one of the officers to
be appointed under it without making any
distinction as to acts committed in his pres-
ence and acts committed elsewhere. Other
Senators commented upon it tnore fully. The
provision which was referred to is found on
page 13, section ten, line thirty. It will bo
found that in another part of the bill, section
eight, and of course before we reach the pro-
visions of section ten, there is another provis-
ion on a like subject. That provision, which
will be found on page 11, section eight, lino
thirty-two, is to this effect:
Provided, That no person shall be arrested with-
out process for any offense not committed in the
presence of the marshal or his general or special
deputies, or either of t bem, or of the supervisors of
election, or either of them.
That is a provision which, so far as it goes,
is free from the objection made to the subse-
quent provision; but the question in my mind
is, what is the effect of the two provisions ?
1 he first provision, as I said, is that no arrest
shall be made without process for an offense
not committed in the marshal's presence. Th«
