216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong...,3d
• Question. Bo you know of any person that was
whipped or otherwise punished by these disguised
men in your county, in their raids; if so, whom ?
Answer,, I do ntitknow, of my own knowledge.
William F. Byrom, another of his witnesses,
a lawyer living in the same county aud a sol-
dier *'in the southern army," says:
Question. Did you ever see any persons in dis-
guise, generally known as Ku Klux, riding through
yQur-town or county; if so, when and where, and
how often did you see them, and hovf many were
there usually together?
Answer. I saw five or seven persons in disguise;
my recollection-is that it was seven; about the 1ft
of November last helore the election; they were in
Tullahoma; I seen them only one time.
Question. Do you know of any person that was
whipped or otherwise punished by theso disguised
men; ifso, whom?
Answer. I don't know of any persons that wore
whipped or punished of my own knowledge.
> Question, Do you not know that most persons con-
sidered it very dangerous to speak iu terms of con-
demnation of the Ku Klux?
Answer, Some did; some did not.
(.Contestant objects to one man proving what is
"considered" by another man.;
Qwstton, Did you ever hear anyone say that he
was afraid of the Ku Klux; if so, who was he, ami
where does ho live ?
Answer. I havo heard some say that they was, hut
not from anything that, they had dono to them that
I heard anything of; X don't, recollect the individ-
ual*.
John II. Lasater, another of Mr. Shcafe's
witnesses, of the same county, a "rebel in the
confederate army," says:
Question, Did you ever see any persons in dis-
guise, generally known ns Ku Klux, riding through
your town or county; if so, when, whore, and how
often did you soo Mich, and how many were usually
together?
Answer. I have seen them several times. Tho
first time I saw them was on the night of tho 4th
of July, 1SGS; (here were about twenty that night.
Other times when t saw them 1 did not see them
plum enough to tell their number, and don't remem-
ber the dates; tho last time Xsaw them was stnee tho
election; I did not see them between tho kh of July
and the eleetion.
Question, Do you know of any person that was
whipped or otherwise punished by these disguised
men; ifso. whom?
Gnawer, 1 don't, of my own knowledge,
Alexander .Jernigan, n witness for Mr. Till-
man, it resident of tho Maine county and ajus*
lice of the peace, says;
Question, Ilave you or not been a Union man from
the beginning of (he rebellion ?
Answer. "Yes, *ii ; L have.
Question. Did you vote atthe election in November
last; and if so, what ticket did you vote?
Answer, J voted a full Radical ticket.
Question. Were you ever beaten and maltreated for
3 our political sentiments? Ifso, state when, whore,
and how.
An wer, I was tolerably badly treated, and I
believe for my political sentiments. Well. sir. it
Was on Satuiday night alter (ho first Monday in
January last; it way at my house. On the Saturday
night before there came a parcel of disguised men to
my house; I hoard them a-coming. I stepped out
to one side, about twenty yards from the house.
They wont into the house and inquired for too, to
know where X was. They told them that X was gone
off in the barrens. They said that I needn't have
gone off; they didn't intend to hurt mo, or they
would have brought more of their f'orctfwith them.
They *tayou about a short time, and wont off down
tho road (lie wav they came; they didn't interfere
with anything. W dl, then, tho next Saturday night
they came back. I would tuippusc they left their
horses down the road apiece (mm tho house; 1 don't
knowhow far. They slipped up and sunouuded tho
house before ! knew thov were there. They com-
menced blowing their whistles, and ordered them lo
open the door. My wife, or >01118 of thorn, opened
the door; they came in; some of thorn drew their
pistols and commenced talking to mo. Tho first
question was, it X didn't have men brought before
the grand jury in order to catch thom? X told them
1 didn't. The next question was, didn't X belong to
the Union League? X told them that I had been in
two or three times*, about six or eight months ago.
I fold them X hadn't been in since, nor didn't expect
to be in anymore. Tho next word they said was,
you can't deny being a damned Radical? X told
them X didn't deny it; I told them X cxpectcd to be
one as long as I believed it to be right. They gath-
ered hold ot me then, and said that X would have to
go with them to headquarteis, They took me over
in Jim Lawrence's field; two of them held my hand*,
andauotherone whipped me; one-ot them fired off a
pistol in the time. X don't know how many lashes
they gave me; I didn't count.
Question. Did you, before or after this treatment,
so dread and fear the Ivu Klux that you lay out of
nights to prevent being caught and abused or killed
fey tbera?
Answer. Well, sir, I did, afterward.
George McMichael, a colored man, before
the war a Slave, a witness for Mr. Tillman,
living in Coffee county at the time of the elec-
tion, says:
Question. Did you vote at that election; and ifso,
how did you vote?
Answer. Yes, sir; I voted at that election; I
voted the Radical ticket throughout.
Question. Were you afterward ever molested or
troubled for voting the Itadical ticket; and if so,
state when, and by whom, and in what way were
you troubled?
Answer. I was; the Iiu Klux camc to my house;
they took me out; they tied mo down on alog; thoy
so said among them, they hit mo two hundred
lashes. That was a month or so after the election.
Question, What did they whip you with, and what
did they say they whipped you for?
Answer, fhcywhipped mewitn a strip of leather;
they said I went to.Manchester and voted the Rad-
ical ticket; they said they would take the damn Rad-
ical out of me.
Question. Did they whip you on your clothes or
did they strip and whip you?
Answer, They stripped me, and every lick on tho
skin; they turned my shirt up and my pantaloons
down.
Question. You say they were Ku Klux ; did they
have on fa too faces, or did you know them ?
Answer. No, sir; X did not know them; thoy had
on fa Iso faces.
(Excepted to as heretofore by contestant.)
Cross-examination:
Question, llow many of theso men wero there
who treated you so badly, George?
Answer. Xh« r« was six ot them.
Question. W/ia it, iu tho night or day time when
they whipped you ?
Answer. Xt was in the night, about ten o'clock;
me and my family wore all gone to bed.
Question, You say jou did not know any of
them; do you know which way they came or wont?
Answer, I do not, know which wav they came;
they went out down the hollow by MciMichacl's, and
up by Mr. BucknerNinill, and to interaectthe public
road going toward Boeeh Grovo.
Question. Did they say they whipped you for
anything else except that you had gone to Man-
chester and voted the Radical ticket, and that thoy
intended to whip it out of you ?
yl'rtxwft/*. They did not say that thoy whippod me
for anything else, only for voting tho Radical
ticker.
Question. Can you romembor whether it was after
or before JSre\v Yoai's when this took place ?
A nswer. X do not recollect; it was about t hat time
they whipped old man Jack Singleton, and old man
Died Mason, and Charles Powers, and stated they
wero the club that wont to Manchester to vote.
Question, Did the Ku Klux tell you that they had
whipped iheother boys you havo mentioned, or did
tho boys themselves^tell you ?
Answer. Tho Ku Klux did not toll anything about
them. X saw old man Jack rimglcton and Charles
Powers; thoy told mo about it, and showed mo the
gashes.
Question. Did Singleton and Powers both.or either
of them, live in Coffee county ?
Answer. Both of them lived in Coffco county, and
close to the Bedford lino.
Arthur Lumpkin, a colored man, of the
same county, a witness for Mr. Tillman, says
lie voted for "Sheafc and his party" in oppo-
sition to his "sentiments," and explains:
Question, What made you afraid to voto your sen-
timents?
Answer. Bocause tho men wero riding after mo at
ni«ht.
Question. What men ; were they disguised men,
commonly called Ku Iiiux?
Ajiviocr. Well, they were disguised.
Question,, Who would you have voted for if you
had voted vour real sentiments?
j4n#hw. Well, X would have voted for Mr. Till-
man and Grant, if my mind had not been both-
ered up
Question, Was anything said to you on the day
of the election that caused you to vote for Captain
Sheafe; if fo, what was it, and who said it ?
Answer. Well, I came to the conclusion after they
had treated me the way they did tho last night. The
night before the election I told McMillen that X
would not vote at all. Tho day of the election ho
told me that it I would vote for Captain Sheafo and
his party that I would make friends, There was
threats made to me thatif I voted theother way that
X stood a chance to lose my life.
Question. Did Mr. McMillin tellyou thatyou might
lose your life; if not, who was it that told you so ?
Answer. No, sir; it w as a friend of mine ; I do not
wish to call his name.
Question. Did tho Ku Klux come to your house the
night before the election; if so, what did they do,
aud what did you do ?
Yes, sir; they came to the house tho night
before the election. X was not at the house; X had
run off bofdre they came: I saw them; I heard
them coming and went off fifty yards. They come
and went into tho house, and broko the glass out of
one of tho windows, and tore up the floor. One .«aid
that ho would givo twenty-live dollars for my scalp.
Jonathan S. Webster, another witness for
Mr. Tillman, living in the same county, says s
Question, Have you at any time seen disguised
men in your county; if so, when, where, and hoy?
many were generally together; toll all about their
sayings and doings; what effect it bad on the Repub-
lican party in your county on and a short time before
the election 011 the,3d of November, 1868?
Answer. I have, on several occasions, seen dis-
guised men in my county; I have seen them p^ss my
house; X havo seen them in my yard; and seen them
between my house and Manchester, my county town,
I havo seen them in numbers from six to twenty-
live or thirty; most commonly there were abo-ufc
twelve or fifteen together.' I never heard them say
anything except on one occasion; they came into
my yard, some twenty or thirty in number, the night
before tiio election 011 the 3d of November, 186$,
surrounded my house, and one of thetn called for"
all to come out and see the boys, and then rode off-
As to the effect produced on the Republican party
by those di.-guised men on and about the time of the
election in November, 1868, so far as I know tho
facts, it kept men of the Republican party from
attending at public speakings, and kept almost all
of them from going to the clcction in my neighbor-
hood; and it also had the effect of causing some of
the Republicans in my district to vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket. As to their conduct or doings )i*
my county they wero in the habit of whipping
some men of the Republican party, and threatening
others. They whipped some fifteen or twenty men,,
white and colored, in tho first three districts of my
county, as X am credibly informed. Some of them
I saw soon afrer they wero whipped.
Question. Did not such threats and whippings
have the effect to make or create in the minds of tho
Republicans a general reign of terror in tho Repub-
lican party at that time iu your county ?
Answer. Xt did, as far as my acquaintance ex-
tended, and that was pretty well all over tho county.
X talked with many Republicans of my county in dif-
1'eient portions of (he county, and they all seemed
to be in dread; and some of thom said they wero
even afraid to express their political sentiments
unless they knew exactly who they were talking to.
Question. Did they attend public gatherings shortly
before the election ; if not, why ?
Answer. A majority oi thom did not, and gave as>
a reason thoy were afraid.
Question. Who were they afraid of?
Answer. The Ku Klux.
Question, Did you over he out at night; if so,
why; and did others of your neighborhood do the
same for fear of tho Ku Klux ?
Answer. I have on two occasions slept out of
doom at night, having been informed that I had
boon threatened by the Ku Kiux, and that it would
be unsafe tor mc to stay at homo at night. As to
others in my neighborhood lying out for lear ot the
Ku Klux, X do not know.
Cross-oxamina tion:
Question. How long before the election, on the
3d of November last, was it that theso masked men
made their first appearance in Coffee county?
Answer. I do not know the exact time of their first
appearance in the county. The first Isaw was about
the last of September, 1863. I had heard of them
being in tho county somo timo before that.
Question, Where did you see any of them as early
as the last of September, 18G8?
Answer. I saw some of thein pasN my house.
Question, Did not Republicans of your neighbor-
hood attend political meetings after that tune ?
Answer. Some of them did.
Question. Did any of the whippings of which you
speak occur before the election of the 3d ot Novcrn-
bo, 1808?
Answer. Yes, all of them, except one or two.
Question, Do you know of your own knowledge
that any of theso parties were abused by men m
disguise?
Answer. X have their own words for it only ; tho
parties that were whipped told me that the men who-
whipped them wcie iu disguise.
Question. Will you mention the names of those
who said they were whipped by masked men in
Coffee county before the 3d of November, 1868 ?
Antwer. Robert Murphec, Brister Smalling, Drcd
Mason, Jack Singleton. John Patton, all colored;
William Graham, white, beaten or punched with
pistols; and Alexander Jernigan, white, whipped;
these are all that X now remember to have told me
about it themselves.
LINCOLN COUNTY.
Charles S. Wilson, of Lincoln county, a wit-
ness of Mr'. Sheafeand a hotel-keeper in Fay-
etteville, says :
Question. Did you ever see anybody in disguise,
generally known as KuIClux, nding through your
town or county; if so, when and whole, and how
often did you see such persons, and how many were
there usually together ?
Answer. I have seen them frequently; Ihavesecn
them from two to two hundred and eighty-five to-
gether; X saw them in the month of July. 1868; X
have seen them since last Christmas.
Question. Do you know of any persous that were
whipped or otherwise injured by these disguised
men; if so, whom?
Ansicu. I do not know of my own personal
knowledge.
