218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
me if I were going to the election; I told them that
Iexpected not; they then asked me why; Itoldthcm
that I thought it best for me not to go; they then
told me that I ought to go and vote for this man
Seymour; I told them that I thought it best for me
not to have anything to do with it; they said noth-
ing more. The first four who came to my house took
a pistol and gun from me; they also took some pow-
der and a box of caps: that is all they said or done.
The first four said nothing to me about the election;
they took the pistol and gun off. The first two, who
came after the election, asked me if I had voted in
the election; I told them thatl hadnot, and ho said
that ho did not vote either; that was all they said to
me. The last four said nothing about the election.
Question. "Why did you not vote; was it or was it
not because you were afraid of the Ku Klux ?
Answer. The reason I did not vote X was afraid of
the Ku Klux.
Question. Have you ever talked with any of the
colored men who voted for Seymour and Blair, and
Captain Sheafe for Congress, say that they voted
that way through fear, and that thoy did not vote
their real sentiments?
Answer. Yes, sir; I have talked to them, and they
told me that they voted for Seymour and Captain
Sheafe through fear.
Question. Were the colored votors genorally afraid
to vote in thus county at the election last fall, in No-
vember, for President and Congress?
Answer. Yes, sir; from what thoy told me, they
were.
Question. Are you pretty well acquainted with the
colored people of this county ?
Answer. I am just, tolerably well acquainted with
the colored people of this county.
Question. As far as your acquaintance extends,
were not the colored Republicans of this county
in great fear and dread of the Ku Klux before the
election, and arc they not afraid of them now; and
did not the Ku Klux take their arms, pistols, and
guns from them, as far  s your acquaintance extends,
before the Jn&t election ?
Answer. Yes. Mr; they wero in groatfear and dread
before the election ; I cannot tell whet her they are
afraid of (hem or not now; 1 am afraid of them now.
Yes, sir, thoy did take theirarms from them.
Question, Are not l he colored men afraid generally
to give evidenoo in this contest between Captain
Sheafe and Colonel Tillman, in consoquence of their
iear of the Ku Klux ?
ytwntw. Yes, sir; they are.
Cross-examination:
Question. What are the names of tho colored men
who have told you that they voted for Seymour and
►Sheafe through fear ?
Avtiiof-r. Fountain Townsend was one; TCiah Kimes,
and Franklin Bristol*; those are all that 1 reniembor.
Wiley Commons, colored, living in the same
county, another of Mr. Tillman's witnesses,
says:
Question. Wiley, state what your politics nro, and
whether or not you voted in (ho last presidential
election * if not, .state why you did not vote ?
Answer. 1 am a Republican. 1 did not vote in tho
last presidential election. I thouglitthat,it was best,
for me not to vote. The most of tho voting men that
I talked with said there would not bo any eloction
at the time appointed for it.
Question. Ilaveyouevor seen at any timedisguised
men. commonly called Ku Klux; if so, when, where,
and how ninny wore generally together ?
4 Answer. Yes, sir; in town here, fifteen or twenty
tiuies, what they call Ku Klux; I saw them for a
whole week nearly every night; sometimes two and
three; on on© occasion forty or fifty, or perhaps one
hundred together.
Question. Vrom what you havo seen and heard of
them did you not. fear them, and did it not have
some influence in keeping you from voting in the
last election in November, 1S6S, for President and
Congress ?
Answer. Yes, sir: L feared them at tho time of the
election ; I thought to myself if I voted I would not
be safe here afterward if I voted my sentiments.
Question. Were not most, of the Republican party,
white and colored, in this county, in constant fear
and dread of them for a short time before the said
election ?
Answer. I havo always heard tho most of tho Rad-
icals say that they wore afraid of voting.
Question. How would tho colored voters in this
county vote if all fear and dread was removed and
they could come and vote like tho white men did
before tho war ?
Answer. I think that the inost'of them would havo
voted for Grant; if not all, generally.
Cross-examination:
Question. Now, Wiley, did you not stay away from
the polls on the day of the last election because all
of the white Republicans did, and because they all
said that there was no person to hold the election,
and not because either you or the other Republicans
were afraid of Ku Klux?
Annoer. The reason why I stayed away I was
fearful of the Ku Klux.
Dauiel Norris, colored, a witness for Mr.
Tillman, living in the same county, says;
Question. Did you ever ,-ee any disguised men in
this county, commonly called Ku Klux; if so, what
did they do and say ?
Answer, Yes, sir; at my house, inquiring for guns
and pistols; did not get any from me. I had one,
but had it hid.
Question. Have you ever known of any colored
persons whipped or otherwise injured in your neigh-
borhood ; if so, state who they are, and what they
were abused for.
Answer. Yes, sir; mygrandson was whipped. They
said he was drilling; his name was Louis. They
were down on the creek, on Sunday, and some one
said they were drilling. Thore were six or seven
boys, and they were going down to the wash-hole
to go in a-washing, and were walking behind each
other.
Question. Bid the IvuKlux whip him much; tell
how they whipped him?
A nswer. They took hisbreeches down and whipped
him, and one of them said that they had whipped
that boy enough, and the one that was whipping him
said that he had not whipped him half enough, and
he hit him fifteen or twenty more licks; I do not
know what they whipped him with; I never exam-
ined him. He said that itd id not hurt him much. They
had been coming there after him several times, and
I understood that if they caught him they intended
to hang him the first time they came. I know of no
other in the neighborhood, lhave heard that John
Thomas and Burrell Small had been whipped by
them; they lived three miles above me. Upon re-
flection, they whipped Tom Stone, who lives in my
neighborhood; ho was one of the persons who were
said to have been drilling with Louis.
Cross-examination:
Question. Did th ey say any thin g to you at that time,
except to ask for the hat they had lost?
Answer. Yes, sir; one of them said he was killed
at Manassas fight, which ho said was six years ago;
he was buried, and since then they had built a pike
over his grave and he had to scratch like hell to get
up through the gravel. He also wanted some water,
as he had not had any since the Manassas fight.
Question. Was this all they said?
Answer. Thoy started away and turned around and
asked mo whoro wero all those guns and pistols that
we had there, and I told them that there were none
there. They then went away.
John Thomas, colored, livingin this county,
another of Mr. Tillman's witnesses, says:
Question. State whether or not you were molested
or othorwisc ill-treated, on or about or before the
elcetion for President and members to Congress, on
the 3d of November, 1868; if so, tell allaboutit, from
the beginning to the end.
Answer. I was whipped ono time; they cave me
a certificate, ticket, I mean, to vote; the Ku Klux
whipped me. They told me if I did not vote the
ticket that there would be bad times afterward. I
took it and voted it, that is all; the tic ket was for
Seymour and .Blair. It was against my sentiments
to vote that way. I never voted that way before.
It was beforo the election; I do not recollect posi-
tively when it was; my corn was only knee-high at
the tune. I cannot toll how many licks they hit me;
they whipped me so badly that I could not plow for
two days.
Question. State howranny licks they struck you?
State as near as you can tho number.
Answer. People said they hit me four hundrod
lashes.
Question. Do you think and believe that they hit
you that many stripes?
Answer. No, sir; I do not know how many lioks they
did hit me. Iknowedtheyhitmeahcap; it was the
worst whipping that I ever had in my life; and I
never did get much whipping beforo that.
Question. Ilow long before the election that they
gave you the ticket?
Answer. The night before.
Question. Have any other colored men been whipped
or otherwise injured in that neighborhood; if so,
how many?
Answer. Thore have boon eight whipped in my
neighborhood by theKu Klux.
Basdel C. Cathran, another witness of Mr.
Tillman's, living in this county, says:
Question. State whether or not you have ever seen
any disguised men; if so, when, where, and how
many were generally together?
Annoer. J saw them as many as three times around
tho house, but they never came into the house, only
three. 1 saw them a week before the presidential
election; they never came into the house but one
time; and three came in.
Question. What did they do and say? Tell all
about it.
Answer. Well, when they came into the house, each
one, with a pistol cocked in their hand, they asked
me if I was going to vote for Grant; I told them I
was, provided I lived that long; well, they asked
me then for a couple of pistols that was there; they
said they had orders to come and tako them; I told
them there was none there they could get hold ot;
well, they let out to abusing me; they commenced
in this way cursing, andswore they wouldbe damned
if they did not have them; well, they just tore up
every bed and everything there was in the house.
I had a sick child in the bed, and my wife stood over
it all tho time, and begged them not to interrupt it,
but they searched the bed the child was on; they
stepped out of doors then liko they were.*oing off,
and one of them stopped just as they got oat of the
door, and the others called to him to come on, and
he said he had a great notion to go back and blow
his God damned brains out. Ilefttho house; Inever
heard them say another word. My wifo, before I
left the house, told them, if nothing would do them
but to search, that she would help them search the
bed the child was in, and she and them raised the
bed, and one of them felt between the beds.
James T. Brown, another witness for Mr.
Tillman, living in the same county, says:
Question. Mr. Brown, be pleased to state whether
or not you ever saw any disguised men known as
Ku Klux at your house; if so, state what they said
and done; also what you said and done, and tell
about it.
Answer. Yes, sir; I saw them sort of men there,
They rode up and hallooed at the house, and they
came up to tho door and told me to let them in.
Well, I got up and began to stir the fire up to make
a light. They cursed and toJd mo to hurry and let
them in; if I did not they would break tho door
down. 4 They came in the house and give mc a ticket
and said I had to go to tho election the next day and
voteit; and I had to vote for Seymour and Blair and
others, which had fought through the battles, they
said. They said such folks as my sort should not
rule the country any longer; they were g ing to tako
tho day and rule it, and if I did not vote that ticket
they would see me again. I told them I was not
going to the election that day. They seared my
wifo pretty nigh to death: she was hallooing and
going on. I told them not to scare my wife to death,
if thev pleased; and they said they did not aim to
scare her to death.
Question. Did you ever He out at night in conse-
quence of your dread and fear of Ku Klux ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I went off that night; I was
afraid they would come back and whip me.
James W. Milton, another witness for Mr.
Tillman, living in the same county, says :
Question. Have you ever seen, at any time, dis-
guised men known commonly as Ku Klux; if so, what
did they say and do?
Yes. I have seen men that they said was
KuKlux: in that garb. They wanted rao to come
out ot the house; they wanted to talk to me. I told
them that I did not have any business out. I had
on my night clothes, and they tried to force me out,,
and eventually they dragged me out by force and
abused me right sharply; beat mo with their pistols
and brush and ono thing and another,
Question. Did they hurt you much ; if so, state how
bad V
Answer. Of course they hurt me right smart. They
bruised me, and I havo not entirely got over it yet;
about four months past.
Cross-examination :
Question. Do you mean to say that these disguised
men, after they got you out of doors, on the night
you speak, gave you a whipping alter you ceased to
resist them ?
•Anncr. Thoy took a limb to me and hit me about
fifty licks, and you can call it what you please.
Question. How many of them were there?
Answer. Four, to the best of my knowledge.
Question. Did you see from what direction they
came or went?
Answer. X did not see from what direction they
came, but they went in the direction of the Alabama
line, about two miles and a half.
Question. You say these men went in tho direction
of the Alabama line, which is about two and a half
miles from where you were; did you know them, or
either of them?
Ansioer. I cannot say that I did.
Question. Were they so disguised that you could
not have recognized them, even if you had known
them?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Were they on foot or horseback?
Answer. I did not see any horses; I cannot tell.
Andrew H. Russell, the commissioner of
registration for Lincoln county, and a witness
for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. State whether or not you were ever
threatened or hunted for by the disguised men;
when, and where it was, and tell all about it.
Answer. 1 have been threatened frequently by the
disguised men; on or about the 20th of May there
was a party or parcel of disguised men that went to
John Carey's and called for me, according to Henry
and John Carey's statement. I did not hear them
call for mc, but Mr. Carey told mc they wanted mc
to come on to town and issue certificates; that they
would not hurt me. I was afraid of them for several
reasons. I could hear of these disguised men after
the above circumstances, and see them frequently.
I don't know that they were hunting for me partic-
ularly. I was near Clifton one night, staying all
night at Harrison Hall's, and they were thereafter I
had gone to bod; there was a negro run in some time
ill the night, and said the Ku Klux were coming, f
jumped up and ran out in the woods. I saw but
three persons; they were hallooing, the best that I
could understand them, "You had better come out
of there,'' as I struck a little thicket a short distance
from the bouse. I heard them ask Mr. Hall who that
was run into that thicket; his answer was that it was
Andy Russell. I understood them to say that they
