m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Mtiynard.
41st Cons....3d Sbss.
mduce them to act differontly than they otherwise
would have done; and, if so, in what respect ?
Anmoer. I can't answer that, to my own knowledge.
I don't know whether they affected the negro much
any way. I thought it had a good effect on some to
make them work better, provide for themselves bet-
ter and those for whom they worked.
Question. You say then, do you, that they had a
fear of the ICu Kiux that made them stay at home
and work better for themselves and those who had
them employed?
Ansxoer'. Idon'tknowtbatitwasthroughfcar; but
it had the cffect to keep them at homo and make
them work better.
Peter Luna, of the same county, also a wit-
ness and voter for Mr. Sheafe, says:
QnestioA. Do you or do you not believe thorn was
a*secret organisation known as the Ku Klux Kian,
that had an elfect upon the colored voters of the
county to keep them from voting for Gonorol Grant
or Republican ticket?
^Aimoer. There was a class of folks there called
Ku Klux, but what they done I don't know. I saw
them frequently. The two first I ever saw wjis in
daylight, tho others were after night. They were
in disguise. I never have heard a negro say that
the Ku Klux pestered them about voting.
Question, Don't you believe tho negroes and most
all whites were afraid to say anything condemna-
tory of this night-riding of which yon speak?
T can only speak lor myself, and can say
that I was not afraid to speak out; but I didn't
spread out much since the war. H they did any
misconduct in my neighborhood, I don't know it.
They would call me out sometimes and ask mc if I
belonged to the Union League or Federal Army. 1
would tell theml did not, and they wouldleavo mo.
F. F. Liggett, of tho same county, also a
witness and voter for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Did you ovoi see any persons in disguise,
generally known as Ku Klux, riding through your
neighborhood; if so, when, where, and how many
were generally together, and how otien did you see
them ?
Answer. T saw mon riding about after night; T
think L saw mmie in day-time; had on a different
dress from what is commonly worn; I don't know
who they wore; T saw thorn puss on tho pike at homo;
saw some in the day-time heroin town ; a good many
at night; not many in day-time together; this was
before tho election a good while.
Wore not and did not the Republican
part ot the citizens of your oountv stand in oonsid-
ernble fear and dread of tho Ku Klux, both black
and white, lor some throe or lour months before tho
election?
Answer. I can't say how that was; X do not go
about mueh; I think they might havo kept tho
negroes at homo better.
J. If. Hopper, of the samp county, a witness
for Mr, Sheafe. says:
Question. You say the election was held fair; there
were no threats, violence, or intimidation offered
toward any voter on tho day of the election. Was
any offered beioro?
Answer. Not that I know of particularly, except
tho raid madeon myself, [did not know tho men.
Xhero were fifteen men, their faces covered up. Tbev
said something I o me about tho army i had belonged
to. They said they had belonged to the rebel army.
One of them pretended that, he had been killed. I
belonged to the Fedeial Army. Not a word was said
to me about polities, all about Federals and rebels.
Question, What did they say about Federals and
rebels? Toll all about what, they said and don-e.
Answer. 1 said to them thotthoy wero nothing but
rebels, /i'hey said they were, and wero rebels yet.
They tried to take my person. I piovantod him by
my pistol, which 1 cocked, and ho jumped back,
'i'hey tried to get mo to oomo out to them. 1 told
them if they wanted anj (lung more with mo than I
did with t horn they would ha vo to oomo to mo in my
house. They Mid j was armed. 1 told them I was,
and to coino along. Tw o ol them said they intended
to complete what they came to do, and jumped over
into m> gaiden.as if they weie enjnimr into my house.
One man spoke to them and told them to come back,
*hey might get hurt. 1 said, " Let them come along,
I will mark them before they get away.'' Wo jawed
for a half hour; then they went away. All this oc-
curred not more than a week before the oloction.
The two men did not tell what they came for. I told
them they could burn, steal my horses, or rob me,
but I would hurt them boforo they got away. They
did not burn nor steal anything, nor hurt me.
Question. Ilaveyou had any conversation since tho
election with any legal voter.-, that failed to vote in
consequcnco of lear, or dread, or threats of tho Ku
Klux?
Answer. I have with some black men.
Question. What did they say, and who did theysay
they would have voted for?
Answer. One black mansaid he wanted to votqfor
Mr. Tillman, but was afraid of the Ku Klux; the
others said they were afraid to vote, afraid the Ku
Klux would hurt them ; they did not say how they
would vote,
#W. J. H. Young, of the same county, and a
witness for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Was not the public mind considerably
exercised for at least three or four months before the
election onthesubject of Ku Klux and theirdoings?
Answer, I presume a portion of tho public mind
was considerably exercised.
Question. Describe how it was exercised, and tell
what part or class of the public mind was so oper-
ated on.
Answer. I suppose a small portion of the public
mind was exercised; it was the Republican party
that was mostly scared up about it.
Question. Did that party remain away from the
polls, and fail to vote in your district m the last
congressional and presidential election?
Answer. There was very few of them voted there.
I don't know why they failed to come.
G. A. Cathey, of the same county, a witness
and voter for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Did you ever seo, at any time, persons
disguised asKu Klux; how otten have you seen them,
when and whero, and how many wero there gener-
ally together?
Answer, I did once or twice; never seen but three
of them together. I met them in the big road; X
believo it was before tho election; it was in the
night, just after dark.
Question. Were not the Republicans in your dis-
trict and county greatly in fear and dread of tho
Ku Klux? *
Answer. I don't know. I don't know that I talked
with any of them on that subject.
Question. Were not the colored population in foar
and dread of them before said election?
Answer. None, sir, that I heard speak of it.
Question. Was tho Ku Klux popular or unpopular
in your district?
Answer. I can't hardly say whether they wero or
not.
8. W. ftainey, of the same county, a witness
and voter for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Have you ever seen or heard tho whistles
or movements of what aro known or called the Ku
Klux?
Answer. 1 saw some three men some two different
times in disguise. They came to my house this last
year. They had a whistle. I heard them blow it
several times.
Question. What effect had the existonco and re-
ported sayings, doings, and movements of tho Ku
Klux upon tho community generally, and especially
upon tho colored people?
ylwrnw. That, is a question I don't know that I can
answer correct ly. It helped to keep the negroes from
running about and stealingand pilfering. I know
thai it had aright smart impression on them that
was in my po-^o^ion, that used to belong to mc;
four still sticks with me.
Question. Do you know ot any negroes being
whipped or in any way punished by tho Ku Kiux
preceding tho election of last November?
Answer. Yes,sir; ono, a negro woman at my house;
the men in disguise—don't know who they wore—
took her out at the request of my wife and gave her,
my son said, sixty-live lushes with a leather strap,
and it done her good; X thanked them font. They
done it at the request of my wife. They told my wife
that they would do that much for her. My two boys
say they didn't hurt her; the strap wouldn't hurt
like a switch. They told her if she didn't do better,
and would evor come to them, they would repeat
tho dose. They took a gun from my negro man and
broke it up the same night. It was after the negroes
cut up such a turf over thcro at Chapel Hill.
Lewis Ring, of the same county, and a wit-
ness for Mr. Sheafe, says :
Quextion. Do you know what effect the Ku Klux
organization and operations had on the community,
and especially on the colored people?
Answer. Well, that's a hard question to answer.
There wasn't nighthoturn-out that was at the Gov-
ernor's election.
Question. What was tho cause of thero not being
as tfood a turn-out in November, 1868, as in August,
18(17?
Answer. That is a hard question to get at, to know
the cause. My«.opinion was that they were sorter
scared off, some of them.
Question. Did you ever hear any one'speak against
itopenly and publicly?
Answer. I could hear people talking backward and
forward ; some thought it a good, and some thought
it not a good thing.
Question. What were tho political sentiments of
thoso who thought it was a good thing and of those
who thought it not a good thing?
Answer. Them that thought it is a good thing
thought it a good thing to keep black ones from
running about doing bad acts, and koep black ones
down. Them that thought it not a good tking,
thought it would run into some bad effect.
,Question. Did not white and black Republicans
generally fear the Ku Klux, and that it would run
into something bad ?
Answer. I think they did, sir.
James H. Miller, of the same county, and a
witness for Mr, Sheafe, says :
Question. Did you over soo or hear tho whistles or
other movements of the Ku Klux ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I have seen and heard the
whistle, too; I met two the first time I ever saw any
of them. At another time two called at our house.
One of them went into the house, the other did not.
At another time there was five called; that was at
night, and stayed awhile, them five did. That's all
I know about the Ku Kiux; them and I were con-
versing.
Question. Was this before the last presidential
election in November last?
ArGtwer. The first two was a long time before that.
Those five were there after the election, in the mid-
dle of the winter. I believo the middle two was after
the election.
Question. Were they armed, and did they say what
they meant, or about what did they talk ?
Answer. I suppose they were armed; I didn't see
any arms; I think they had arms o,n their saddles
before them; didn't see them. I just supposed they
had arms; the scabbards were there; they didn't
draw them out. The middle two, the second couple,
said they were out as regulators; the others didn't
say what they were after.
Question. Doyouknow whether any persons, white
or black, were afraid of them?
Answer. WelLl don't know; I believe the blacks
wero afraid of them; I don't know.
J. T. Street, of the same county, a witness
for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Did you ever sec any disguised men, or
hear their whistles ?
Answer, I havo seen men in disguise, and heard
whistles, but whether they used them or not I can-
not say.
Question. How many, how often, when, and where?
Answer. I have seen them frequently, and a good
many at a time; cannot tell how many; saw them
at Chapel Hill and Lewisburg, both night and day,
at each place.
Question. Did you see any arms upon their horses
or persons?
Answer. Yes, I have seen them with arms upon
their persons.
Question. Did you ever sco any anonymous notices
posted, warning everybody not to talk about tho
Ku Klux ?
Answer. I saw a notico posted on the door of vacant
store-room, but I do not recollect tho points in it; I
think it started off: By order of tho Grand Cyclops.
C. H. Lavender, of the same county, and a
witness for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question, Mr, Lavender, you have been present
and heard the examination oi Mr. Street; can you
adopt his answers or not, to the questions propounded
to him?
Answer. Except two or three.
Question. Will you specify wherein you cannot?
Answer. In rhe first placc, I never seed any Ku
Klux at Lewisburg; in tho second place, I never
seed any advertisements stuck up on the doors;
third place, I never heard the conversation spoken
of at his store; fourth place. I would sav that I
hoard one black person speak in fa vor of KuKlux.
If t here is anything else I don't recollcct it.
Question Do you know how the colored man voted
who spoke in favor of the Ku Klux ?
Answer. I think he voted for Seymour, but don't
know that to bo the case. Upon reflection, he must
have voted for Seymour, because Seymour got all
tho votes.
F. W. Benton, of the same county, and a
witness for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Did you ever see persons disguised, com-
monly called Ku Klux ; if so, when, where, and how
many wore generally together?
Answer. I saw some one time; they came to my
house little after dark; 1 think there was twelve or
thirteen. Don't recollect whether it was before or
after the November election.
Newton M. McCord, of the same county,
and a witness for Mr. Sheafe, says :
Question. Have you ever at any time saw persons
in disguise, commonly called Ku Klux ; if so, where,
when, and how many wero generally together?
Answer. I saw threo men once in disguise; I reckon
they were Ku Klux ; they said they were; theycamo
to my house. Then 1 saw some at another time pass
my house; they were in disguise; I suppose eight or
ten; they never stopped, just passed by. That was
before the election; must have been a month or two
before; cannot say how long.
Question. What did those that came to your house
say and do ?
Answer. They rode up in the yard; I heard a
noise, heard a whistle. I had just laid down. I had
a bad dog, and I was afraid they might kill him. I
got up and wont out. They spoke to me " howdy
they asked me if I ever saw a Ku Klux ; I told them
I had not unless they were Ku Klux; they said they
were Ku Klux; asked me for a drink of water. That
is about all they said to me.
Question. Wero not and did not most of the Repub-
licans in your district stand in great fear and dread
of tne KuKlux, especially thecoloredRepublicans?
Answer. So far as I know and heard them say, the
colored people were afraid of them.
W. H. Purdom, of the same county, and a
witness and voter for Mr. Sheafe, says :
Question. Did yon ever see any of these disguised
men known as Ku Klux; if so, when, where, and how
many were generally together?
Answer. I did. Don't think I saw any until last
