1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. .of Reps.
January or February, There was two came to my
house; after that awhile there was three came; that
is all I ever saw.
Question. What did they say and do ?
Anstoer. Can't rccollect all they said. I asked
them to come in; one of them got down and came
in; he walked round the house a little bit and went
out, talking some of his foolish talk. This is. the
first that came. Didn't say that tbey wanted any-
thing at all. The last ones hitched their horses and
came in and sat by the fire awhile, talked some;
don't recollect anything in particular they said;
came in quiet; didn't talk in their natural voice.
M. A. Glenn, of the same county, a witness
and voter for Mr. Sheafe,
Question. Did you ever see. at any time, persons
disguised known as Ku Klux? If so, when, where,
and bow many generally were together ?
Answer. I have seen persons in disguise, known
as Ku Klux; cannot state time; it was before the
election. I saw fifteen in one drove at old Billy
McAdams's one night. I saw eleven one night at
Dave Nix's; have met them in the road several
times; I have seen from two to fifteen together.
Question. What did they say and do ?
Answer, I do not recollect now what they said;
talking and going on with their foolishness. At
McAdams's there was a wedding; they rode up and
got down, and just knocked about there; did not do
anything in particular.
Question. Were not the Republicans, both white
and colored,in fear and dread of theKu Klux before
and since the congressional election last?
Answer. Yes, sir, I think they were.
Question. Did you not fear them, and did you not
receive some anonymous letters or notices; if so, what
were their contents; and did you not at night bar
your doors, and arm yourself with guns, pistols, and
axes during last summer?
Annoer. I did fear them. I received one notice.
'Twas concerning a school; we had a free school up
there, and I was a commissioner for thi3 district. I
employed a young man by the name of Clark Glenn
to teach a fcehool up there. lie had more than he
could attend to, and he got me to help him. The
school went on for some two weeks, I suppose. We
went there one morning, (be was boarding at our
house; we went together every morning,) don't rec-
ollect what morning; it was along in the week some-
time, and there was an order sticking on the door;
order No. 35, I believe. I don't recollect all that
was in it; wanted to know whether thecommissioner
was the proper one to take hold of the school, or the
one that was employed; went on to say that if the
teacher wanted to employ an assistant not to employ
an ass or negro-lover; said they had had enough of
my music about Eik Ridge; something about the
Union League, sweet-scented brother cleave to your
own color. There was a good deal of it on about a
half sheet of paper; this is about all that I rocol-
lect of it; said that whoever tore that down death
would be their portion; there was no name on it;
signed, Ku Klux Klan; I tore it down myself, and
destroyed it. I continued an assistant teacher until
the scholars dropped off, and he could attendto.it
himself.
Question. Did you ever see any of these disguised
men armed; if so, how were they armed ?
Answer. I never saw any arms about them.
Question. Do you know of any persons whipped or
otherwise punished by the disguised men, known as
Ku Klux?
Answer. I have heard of some.
Question. Were they whipped, killed; or tell how
they were injured?
Answer. I don't know anything only by hearsay.
They took a young man out and whipped hiui; that
is what I heard; there was some eleven or twelve of
them; that was a white man. There was a negro
killed near widow Johnson's south of town; don't
know who killed him; don't know whether they
were disguised or not; Mr. Lincoln was killed out
near Culieoka; X don't know whether it was in this
county or not; he lived in this county. Don't know
whether they were disguised or not.
Question. Was not the public report in this county
that all of these cases of punishment and death were
by the hands of Ku Klux?
Answer. Yes, sir, that was the public report.
This witness, on reexamination, explained
his reasons for voting the Democratic ticket,
although a Radical in sentiment:
Question. Then, if I understand you, you voted the
Democratic ticket to give you standing in the com-
munity and keep from being insulted, and not because
you thought it dangerous to vote the Republican
ticket. Is that the case?
Answer. That is the case. I was born and raised
here, and didn't want to be looked on as worse than
the negro ; I wanted to stay here, anddidn'twant to
leave here.
Question. Mr. Glenn, do you not know that there
are men in this town who vote the Republican ticket,
and are yet Republican, who are not looked down
upon, but who are regarded and treated as gentle-
men ?
Answer. They have been here of late; there was a
time when it was not so, when they were looked on
with disdain.
Question. How long has it been since that time?
Answer. Sinco November election.
E. P. Cooper, of the same county, a witness
and voter for Mr. Sheafe, says :
Question. Did you ever see any disguised men
called Ku Klux; if so, how often, Jiow many, and
when? 1
Answer. I have seen them very often; I don't think
I ever saw higher than fifteen or twenty together at
a time, from two to fifteen or twenty. I saw them
before the election.
Question. Have you ever heard them talk and say
anything about their object or purpose?
Answer. I never heard them say what they were
for; I have heard them talk, but couldn't get much
sense out of them. X never had much to say to
them.
Question. "Were they ever at your house, and were
they armed ?
Answer. They have been at my house, and were
armed. ^
Question. How often were they at your house, and
for what purpose, if you know, they came ?
Answer. They were there very often, but for what
purpose I don't know. Sometimes called for water;
paesedtho road mostly. I live on the road.
Question. Don't you know theKu Klux commenced
their operationsshortly after the Governor's election
iul867, and were riding about over Marshall county
before your county election last spring, or March,
1868?
Answer, I saw some here at the February court,
186S; that was some time before I saw any in my
neighborhood.
William B. Holden, of this county, a witness
for Mr. Sheafe, and a colonel in the " south-
ern or confederate army" during the whole
war, says:
Question. How long since the Ku Klux commenced
operations in Marshall county?
Answer. I do not know; I think I first heard of
them in the spring of 1867. or perhaps later; in sum-
mer or fall of 1867.
Question. Did the Ku Klux ever visit you and alarm
yourtamily?
Answer. Yes; they visited my house once, 1867;
did not come in the house. I think the family were
not alarmed much, if any ; it was late at night.
S. Tally, sheriff of the county, a witness for
Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Did you ever see them, I mean the dis-
guised men commonly called and spoken of as Ku
Klux, and did you at any time denounce them to
their face when in disguise and when they were in
numbers more than three together?
Answer. I have frequently seen men in disguise,
several in number, commonly ealled Ku Klux. X
never denounced them to their faces in disguise.
Question. Did not the negroes or the colored Re-
publicans stand in constant tear and dread of then*?
Answer. I do not know how that was. I never
heard a negro or colored Republican say much
about them. X am of the opinion some people did
fear them.
Abner A.'Steele, of this county, and a wit-
ness for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. "WastheKu Klux organization popular
or unpopular in your county ?
Answer. I cannot say how that was. of my own
knowledge. I believe it was popular with some and
unpopular with others.
Question. Which party were they popular with, the
Democratic or Republican ?
Annoer. I am not able to classify their popularity
as to " Democratic " or "Republican." They were
not popular with the colored people.
Abraham P. Lillard, of this county, a mem-
ber of the Legislature, and a witness for Mr.
Tillman, says:
Question. Mr. Lillard, you will please state what
cause or causes opera tod upon the voters of your
county at the presidential election of last November.
Were the people indifferent, or opposed to the elec-
tion of General Grant and the success of the Repub-
lican ticket, or were they under fear and dread; and
if so, fear and dread of what or whom?
Answer. My best information is that the Repub-
lican party of my county was not indifferent to the
election of General Grant as Presidentof tbeUnited
States, or the Republican ticket. A body of men,
known among us by the name of Ku Klux, fre-
quently reported riding in the night-time in disguise,
and making threats against the colored voters, if
they were caught at the polls on election day that
they would be either whipped or driven from their
places of abode.
Question. Did you ever sec any of those disguised
men; if so, when, how many, were they armed,
and what did they say and do?
Answer. A short time before the presidential elec-
tion in November last there was a body of men in
di.-guise and armed with pistols, as shown by their
belts and protuberances of their outer clothing,
called on me at my place and stayed in my presence
and about mv place some two hours, I had a con-
versation with three of them, perhaps about half an
hour. They stated they had com© to see me infiiend-
ship, and did not intend to harm me, but their errand
was to keep the negroes down, or under subjection;
that whereas the law would not do it for them# that
they felt justified in doing it for themselves; and
that they were a disfranchised body, and did not
intend to submit to such laws. Several other per-
sons notof the Republican party, neither in disguise,
said to me in conversation on the subject of Ku Klux,
that they were a justifiable body; that there was no
other law for them to get their rights, and they were
determined to have them in some way.
Question. Were there not periods last summer or
fall, or during the sitting of the Legislature in Nash-
ville, that you and other Republican members were
afraid to visit your homes?
Answer. I was, from the best information that I
could obtain, afraid to visit my home for a consider-
able length of time, and there was other members
said the same thing to me; all of the Republican
party.
Question. Were there not periods during last sum-
mer and fall, when you were at home, that you were
afraid to remain in your house of nights, and lay out,
other persons being with you for your own protection
and theirs?
Answer. 1 was; and my friends frequently slept
out in the grove and woods for reported danger for
me to sleep in my dwelling.
Question. Why did you fear to stay in your house ?
Answer. Reports came to me from such sources
that I was compelled to believe; hence the cause of
me leaving my house in the night time.
Washington Orr, colored, of the same county,
and a witness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Were you troubled by disguised men
after the election last, November; and if so,' how ?
Annoer. Yes, I was troubled with them after the
election, by coming and surrounding my house;
they said to open the door. I burst out of the
window at the back part of my house, and being
caught by one of them, I got loose from him; they
shot two shots at me, but did not hit me at that
time.
Question. Did you quit ho.me after that or not ?
Answer. I quit home after that; did not stay at
home after that at night.
Question. Did you have any family ?
Answer. Yes,sir; Ihad four children, my wifewas
dead.
Question. Did these disguised men ever say why
they treated you so?
Answer* Ye*, sir; because I voted against them.
Question. Had you any crop on hand when you left
Marshall county; and if so, what became of it ?
Answer. I had a crop on hand; my crop was
destroyed.
Question. Was it all destroyed; and if so, do you
know how?
Answer. There was only three loads of my crop
saved. The d'.sguised men told me if I voted for
them I should stay; if I did not, I should leave.
And that time the stock was getting into the field,
I had to leave and the stock tore it all to pieces.
Robert S. Montgomery, of this county, a
witness and voter for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Did you attend the election in November
last, for President, &c., and did you make any efforts
to get a turn-out of the Republicans; and if so, were
you successful; and if not,' please state the causes
that were operating that prevented a turn-out?
Answer. X did. I rode around some to secure a
good turn-out. But I found a fear manifested among
the negroes. Several told me they would like to vote
for Grant and Tillman, but were afraid of the Ku
Klux ; and to my knowledge many of them did not
vote. On the day of election several negroes and
one white man would not vote the Republican ticket
on blue paper, and I wrote the ticket on white paper
ior several, and had it done for others. Tho trick
was done to deceive men who were watching to
see how those voted, as they said they were being
watched.
Question. Do you know a colored man by the name
of Washington Orr, and whom you heard examined
here this morning; and if so, did he sustain the char-
acter of an honest and industrious colored man ?
Answer. I have known Wash. Orr for seventeen
years; his character is, and has been, that of an in-
dustrious and honest negro. He formerly belonged
to an uncle of my wife, (namely, to Robert J. Orr.)
H. B. Erwin, of the same county, a witness
for Mr. Tillman, says he was commissioner of
registration of Marshall county, that he suc-
ceeded Robert Wiley, who left the State through
fear, being " afraid to stay." After holding tho
office about six months he resigned, for the
following reason:
Question. Did you resign through fear of personal
violence, orother cause?
Answer, I resigned through fear of personal vio-
Quesiion. How long have you resided where you
now live in Marshall county?
Annoer. Just about fitty years.
Question. Did your fearof violence arise from the
general rumors of violence committed by lvu Klux,
or from threats and demonstrations of violence by
the disfranchised, or from both ?
Answer. X reckon from both, X might say.
Question. Did you ever have to make your escape
