1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr, Maynard.
Ho. op Reps.
that several negroes were induced to vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket by force of threats of violence.
J. \\r. C. Bryant, of the same county, a wit-
ness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question, Bid you ever see any disguised persons
in your neighborhood or county; if so, when, where,
and how many were generally together; what did
they say and do ? Tell all about their sayings and
doings.
Answer. I saw some disguised persons in the
county, seven miles west of this place, on the night
before the presidential election in November last.
I should judge there were about twenty. They fired
about thirty pistol shots, at least, in thedirection of
Mr. A. H. Gustine's house, in front of which they
were standing. All 1 heard them say was "Kill
him ! God damn him, kill him 1" a. number of times.
They used the name "Ben "—"Kill him, Ben, (iod
damn him, kill him I" They got on their horses
and rode toward Winchesterfrom there, past where
I was.
Question. How far were you from them atthetime
you heard them; did youvisitthe house at any time
afterward? If so, state what condition did you find
the family.
Answer. I was about one fourth of a mile from
there. I visited the house immediately after they
passed me; found the window smashed in, sash and
all, and door broken open, and a large rock lying
near the window; it had apparently gone through
the window, and weighed about twenty pounds. It
was lying inside the room. Pound the children and
thjpladyof the house very much frightened- Lady
was apparently deranged from fright. Everything
in the house was torn upside down; boxes torn open,
and clothing and furniture scattered over the floor.
The lady was in the deranged condition about one
month ago; seen her several times since the occur-
ence, and she appeared in same condition. "When
I wentto the house, the Gustins had apparently just
come up from the corn-field. It was between ten and
eleven o'clock at night. One of the Gustines is now
dead; was killed by a tree falling on him since that
tim# They were apparently much alarmed when I
saw them. I stayed there about one hour.
James Mosely, colored, of the same county,
and a witness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Did you ever see any of these disguised
men, commonly calledKu Klux; if so, when, where,
and how often did you ever see them, and how many
were generally together? And tell all about what
they said and did.
Answer. Well, I "seed" 'em, I reckon; the night
before the election they cometo my house and called
to me to open the door; before I could get up and
open the door they burstedit open; went to the bed-
side where my daughter was; she halloed for me;
called me "pap," and when I answered, the man
found out where I was, and run right to me in my
bed and caught hold of me, and another one behind
him caught me by the collar; he asked me where was
that pistol. I told him I had none. Then he asked
me where was that gun. I told him it was at Mr.
G-ustine's. Then he whirls right around and says:
''That's the very gun he threatened to shoot us with/'
Then he calls me out of the House and tells me to
vote lor my friends; but I said nothing, but just
thought he wasn't my friend. Tho man that caught
me by the collar, tore it down to the waistband of
my drawers.
Question. Were youandyourfamilymuchalarmed.
and how many in family have you; Have you ever
got your gun since, or pay for it?
Answer. Yes, sir; we were much alarmed; had in
the house six of my family at that time; have never
gotten my gun nor pay for it.
GILES COUNTY.
B. W. White, of this county, a witness for
Mr. Tillman, says :
Question. Don't you know, from your intercourse
and conversations with the people, that during last
summer and fall a general fear and apprehension of
violence was expressed by many, especially by the
colored people, of what was commonly called Ku
Klux?
Ansxoer. This is my belief.
Question. Have you not heard men say they were
afraid, and that they did not vote the Republican
ticket because they were afraid of molestation in
some way ?
Ansxoer. Yes.
Question. During last summer and fall were there
not a great many reported ridings, sayings, and
doings of the so-called Ku Klux ; was it not cur-
rently reported that men were whipped, disarmed;
and, in some instances, were not men reported to be
killed by men or persons in disguise?
Ansxoer. We heard those reports.
T. J. Harrison, a soldier in the Federal
Army from the State of Indiana, who settled
in this county after the war, and a witness for
Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Have you ever seen, at any time, men
disguised, commonly called Ku Klux; if so, when,
where, and how often, and how many were generally
together? Tell what they said and done, and tell
all about it.
Answer. Yes, sir; I have seen disguised men re-
peatedly. The first time I saw them was in this
place, last winter was a year ago: somewhere about
that time, I cannot give the date on that occasion;
I could not say: in the night-time, dark. I saw
about forty the night before the presidential election
last fall near my own house; they were just leaving
my own premises. I came home on the"train; they
were hallooing loudly; I do not know that they said
anything particularly; th«y seemed to be cheering
at the train; they were hallooing. I found my store
door broken open. Found my family very much
excited; all up. It was about midnight then. About
three o'clock that morning following I saw about fif-
teen Ku Klux^disguised men. near some negro cab-
ins on the faraPoccupied by Captain King. About
three wceksafter Isaw thirty-two Ku Klux, disguised
men, in-daylight, at my own house. One of- them
fired at me. I returned the fire and they all fired. I
think there were three volleys after they all fired;
they fired and I fired. I saw disguised men after, on
two occasions, in the last of November or 1st of
December, when they were at my hou^e. They told
me they wanted to talk to me; commenceddismount-
ing. I forbid them to come to the house; they could
talk to me where they were. After retiring some
hundred and twenty yards, near the store-house,
they commenced firing.
Question. What did theysayand do to your family
on the nisrht before the election, on the 3d of No-
vember, 1868?
Answer, Of course I did not hear anything; the
train had not run up. It was stated at the time the
store was broken open, they ran the young man from
the store that was sleeping in it and fired at him.
Made my wife show them through the the house;
said it was their business what they were looking
for. What they were looking for was their business.
They told her to tell me that I must not go to the
election the next day.
Question. Was your politics generally known in
that neighborhood at that time; if so, what were
they,Republican or Democratic?
Ansxoer. I have always acted with the Republican
party; I think it was generally known.
Question. From what you saw and have learned in
your neighborhood of these day and night raids of
these disguised men, what effect did it have on the
voters of your neighborhood at the last presidential
election?
Answer. There was an unusual expression of fear;
none of the Republicans, scarcely any, we mightsay,
of the Republicans voted, except those who met at
my house and went in a body.
D. A. Welborn, a Federal soldier from Indi-
ana, who married and settled in this county
since the war, and a witness for Mr. Tillman,
Question. Mr. Welborn, did you ever see any of
those disguised men called Ku Klux; and, if so, how
often, and how many were generally together ?
Ansxoer. I have frequently seen them in bodies of
from five or six to one hundred and twenty or
twenty-five.
Question. Were you ever visited by them, and, if
so, where was it, and how many were there together
then ?
Answer. They visited my house on one occasion;
they visited me on Saturday night before the presi-
dential election, 18G8. There were six of them at
my house.
Question. Do you believe there were still others
near to your house that night; and, if so, why do
you believe so ?
Answer. I think the county was full of them on
that night. My reasons for thinking so was, I could
hear their whistles blowing in all directions.
Question. Those that came to your house that
night, were they armed, and what did they say and
do, and how long did they stay ?
Ansxoer. They were armed with six-shooters; stayed
about three hours ; don't know what they said ; I
did not stay in the house; when they came in I left
the house.
Question. Did they all remain in the house during
their stay?
Answer. They did not remain in the house all the
time; they were looking around the house; one or
two of them was out-doors most of the ti me.
Question. Were you ever visited by them before or
since?
Answer. That was tho only time.
Question. Mr. Welborn. will^ou please state why
you were visited by them that night, to the best
of your knowledge, and give your reasons for so
believing?
Answer. I thought they came to my house on that
night with the expectation of finding Colonel Till-
man at my house. My reason for thinking so was
that on the aboveoccasion Colonel Tillman was with
me pretty much all the evening in Pulaski, and late
in the evening rode out with me as far as William
Rose's, one of my neighbors.
Question. What cause or' reason operated to pre-
vent a more general vote?
Answer. I think it was through fear of an organ-
ization known as the Ku Klux Klan.
Question. Were there many and frequent demon-
strations of this Klan, and what was the character
of those demonstrations?
Answer. There were a great many demonstrations;
character violent.
Question. Did you ever know of any of those dem-
onstrations being made upon or against Democrats
and Conservatives ?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Mr. Welborn, I understand, from aformer
answer of yours, that you ascribe the small vote
polled in your county to fear'produced upon voters
by the Ku Klux Klan; were there other means and
tricks resorted to to get some to vote the Democratic
ticket?
Answer. There were certificates issued to colored
men voting the Democratic ticket showing how they
voted, and intended as a protection to them from the
hands of the Ku Klux Klan. [Appendix, B.]
On cross-examination, he says:
Question. Did you see men in disguise take any of
the parties whom you have mentioned from the
county jail?
Answer. I did not see them enter the jail, but saw
them on two occasions going to and coming from the
jail, and heard the shooting in and around the jail,
and also saw the men after they were killed.
Question. Did you see the prisoners in possession of
the men in disguise ?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Then what you state about the parties
who took them being disguised is upon information
of others, is it not ?
Answer. I saw the men in disguise going to the jail,
heard the shooting, saw the men leave, and went up
to the jail shortly after and was told by the sheriff,
who is a Conservative, that the man was taken out
of the jail by the men in disguise and shot.
Question. Was this before or after the presidential
election ?
Answer. After the election, I think it was on the
night of December 15, 1868. This is one case, the
other was before the election, I think in June, 1868.
I did not see the men in disguise near the ja.il on this
night, but heard the shooting and saw the men as
they passed my house leaving town; this was about
one fourth of a mile from the jail.
Question. Did you not have two prisoners in your
jail last fall (white men) charged with attempting
to rob a black man, and caught in the act while
disguised, who afterward made their escape from
the jail?
Answer. I think there was one only.
Question. What was his politics if you know?
Answer. He was the man who told Colonel Mul-
lins in 1867, while canvassing the district for Con-
gress, that the United States flag stunk; I should
judge from that remark that he was a Democrat.
J. H. Morriss,gof the same county, a witness
for Mr. Tillman, says :
Question. State whether or not you have ever had
any conversation with any of tho colored voters of
Giles county in relation to their protection papers;
if so, state what they said about them, what they
were given to them for.
Answer. I have talked to several on that subject;
they said they were given to them for protection.
i. e., that the Ku Klux would not bother them if they
had one of these papers; also, that the Conservatives
would give them employment.
Question. Werenotthemostof them fearful to give
them up; if so, why?
Answer. ^Chey were; they said they feared that they
would be punished by Ku Klux.
Suestion. Did you seethe one marked "Exhibit A"
tfr. D. A. Welborn's deposition; if so, were the
others like it: and do you know how the same was
procured, and from whom?
Ansioer. I did; the others that I saw were like it;
I procured the one marked "Exhibit A" in Wel-
born's deposition from Andrew J. Marks.
Question. Was Andrew J. Marks a colored man?
And state who he said gave it to him.
Answer. He is; I do not remember who he said
gave it to him, but believe that he said Mr. M. F.
Marks and W. J. Brown did.
Question. Did he say ordid henotsay that he voted
the Democratic ticket, and that he did not vote his
real sentiments in so doing?
Ansxoer. He said he voted the Democratic ticket,
and that that was contrary to his sentiment.
S. C. Moffett, of the same county, a witness
for Mr. Tillman, explains the difficulty of
obtaining the testimony in this case :
Question. Mr. Moffett, wero you present about tho
1st of June, in the court-house at Pulaski.some two
or three weeks, while Captain Sheafe and Colonel
Tillman were taking proof in the case now pending
in the Congress of the United States between said
parties? If so, state who was present in the.room
while tho examination was going on; state their
politics and their conduct, and state what effect-it
had on Colonel Tillman's witnesses. ;
Answer. I was there part of the time; the most '
of the parties that was in there was opposition to
Colonel Tillman, but there was a portion of Colonel
Tillman's friends in there; I do not think that Col-
onel Harrison was exeited. but think B. W.White
was very much excited; m fact,-I know he wu.s;
when B. W. White would answer question?, they
would stamp and laugh very often.
Question. Were there not frequent whisperings
and sneering demonstrations made while White was
deposing; was not White so placed during the ex-
amination that the crowd was facing him, and did
he not show great fear and dread?
