m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux in Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong 3d
Answer.-There was; he was facing the crowd; I
think that B. W.White was very much afraid; there
was frequentsi^eering and whispering.
Question. Werg you assaulted at anytime during
the examination of either of said witnesses? If so,
tell alt about it.
Anmbey. I was assaulted at the time Colonel T. J.
Harrison was giving in his deposition, I think for
two reasons; fust, because I was one of the leading
Republicans of Giles; and second, because I had
asked a, colored man if he had one of those protec-
tion papers, given by the Democratic party on the
day of the last presidential election. Was assaulted
by William H. Rose, with a very large stick.
Question. What effect did the assault on you have
on Oolonel Tillman's witnesses, especially the colored
wituesses that were there waiting to depose; were
they to he seen or not at any time after the fight?
uiwrtwer. I think they were very much scared after
the difficulty, and it would have.been hard to got
the colored men to give in their depositions alter
that time.
And adds:
Question. Have you ever seen at any time in Giles
county disguised men, commonly called Kuklux; if
ao, wnere, when, and how many were generally
together?
Answer. I do not think that I ever saw but one
Kuklux in my lifo, and am not certain that he was
one; that was in the street at Pulaski, one night last
fall.
Question. From what the newspapeis said, about
them, find from their doings and sayings, and from
common i umor in your county, was there not a per-
fect reign cf terror all over the county among the
Republicans?
Answer. That was the report.
Question. Were there not a great many Repub-
licans so intimidated by them that they stayed at
home and did not go to the polls and vote?
jfiasioer. I think there was.
K. W. Pillow, of this county, a witness for
Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Did not the disguised men, or, as they
ore commonly called, Ku Klux, visit your town on
the night belore tho election?
Answer. I don't recollect whether the night before
or npt; *a few nights before they were in the village,
a very few nights.
Question. Was that before or after the election ?
A nswer. Before the election.
Question. X>id not their saying^and doings havo
soma influence on you and others iu not holding the
election ?
Answer. It did.
Question. Did theyoommit any acts of cruelty in
your neighborhood; if so, what were they, and on
whom were (hoy eo mini (.led?
Answer. They did murdei two negroes; one taken
from Colonel Afl. h. McClcllan's and the other on
March bank's farm. Each lived some two miles from
Cornersvilie, one on the north sido of tho town, and
the other on tho south.
Question. Worn not Republicans cautioned that
they had better have their lives insured; and was
not that remark made in a threatening manner by
prominentPemociats? * .
Answer. I heard a leading Democrat say that
Republicans had bettor have their lives insured than
to vote or >v«t with the Republican party ; that there
was un insurance ofliee in Nashville. It was done in
a threatening manner.
J. W. King, an oOicer in the Federal Army
from Ohio, who nettled in this county since
tlie war, and a witness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Were your premises ever visited by tho
Ku Klux; and if so, what did they do and any ?
Anawfi. My own plantation was visited twice, and
the hands driven off, they reporting to me that the
disguised desperadoes spying they would run every
Radical out of the country. Tho plantation I was
living upon was once visited by forty-seven disguised
men: I was absent when they went there, but re-
turned in time to see them leave; found my doors
broken down, guns and pistols stol en and destroyed,
clothing torn up; one member of our family (lady)
with her face bruised, a large lump on her head
wheie, she said, they (the infernal cowards) hud
struck her with their guns and pistols and said,"No
damned Yankee bitch or son of a bitch should live
in this country," saying. " Wc aio going to rule this
country.'' JFivedifFerent times they came to the gate,
from five to seventy-five, and finding I was homo
and prepared for them, dared not come in, and turned
away. For over three months my son and I had to
take it turn about in sleeping and watching to pro-
tect ourselves and the hands upon the place.
Question. Do you know, or weieyoa credibly in-
formed. of negroes being hung in sight of voting-
places or public places, the night before (he elec-
tion, with boards upon their breasts labeled with
warnit gs and threats?
Answer. I was informed by Mr. Sarsen, a reliable
man. bookkeeper on the Vite plantation, that he
stood in his store-door and saw it negro man hang-
ing by the neck dead; and f was told by another
gentleman, who said he helped take him down and
haye him buried. there was a label pinned upon
him; saying: M Whoever cuts him down receives the
•same fate." This was within a mile of the polls, and
my best recollection is it was the morning of the
election.
Question. Were Democrats or Conservatives inter-
rupted, molested, and maltreated by the Ku Klux,
or were those acts of violence directed against
Republicans ? Please state what you may know on
this point? *
Answer. I never knew a Democrat or Conserva-
tive molested by them; one of my own hands told
rae he was taken out by them, and after saying he
had voted the Democratic ticket they released him.
Daniel G. Anderson, register and justice of
the peace of the same county, and a witness
for Mr. Tillman, says, in relatiorfto the occur-
rences at Pulaski, when the depositions of
White and others were taken:
Question. What effect did the fight between Rose
and Moffett havo on Tillman's witnesses? Were they
willing or unwilling to depose in this ease, and were
any of Tillman's witnesses to be seen there that day
after the fight, except Moffett, who was under arrest
by the police or town constable ?
Answer. The effect of the fight between Rose and
Moffett caused, or appeared to cause, Tillman's wit-
nesses so to fear as to disperso immediately; they
were generally afraid to testify. Pew or none of
them were to be seen there the day after the fight;
except Moffett who was under arrest by police or
town constable.
Question. Were not throats made on tho same day
of the fight between Rose and Moffett to mob, to
clean out the Radical set; that now was tho time to
do it; or language to that offoet?
Amices. Yes, it was so rumored.
Question. Did not thoRepublicans frequently con-
salt, together relative to what they should do; whether
to leave the county, or what they had best do, in
consequence of the many outrages of the Ku Klux?
Answer. They did often.
Question. Did not somo of them leave the eounty ?
Answer. They did.
Question. State whether or n.ot any placard or no-
tice was ever put upon your office; if so, state tho
character of it. Tell all abouj, it.
Answer. a placard or notice resembling a coffin,
with cross-bones, pistols, dirks, bowie-knife, ropes,
skulls, &o., was placed on the southeastcomer of my
office, on tho outside, on tho 4th of July last. It was
there on that day, and remained somo time.
RUTIIKRFOKD COUNTY.
W. A. Raps, witness for Mr. Sheafe, of
Ilntherford county, and a voter, says:
Question, llavo you ever seen at any time disguised
men, commonly called Ku Klux ; if so. when and
where, and how many were generally together?
Answer. I havesecnKu Kluxtwice.insmall squads,
on tho square here—some time last year; I could not
tcll'oxactly when. One time I counted twelve or fif-
teen ; tho other time from fivo to six, I should think.
Question. Did thoy ever call on you at your grocery ;
and did you not treat them?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Were not most persons fearful to speak
in terms of condemnation of them and denounce
them publicly before the lastelection in November?
Answer. That I could not t.ell; some was afraid of
them and some was not; but how rnauy was afraid
of them I could not tell.
Question. Were not the Republican party, more
particularly the colored men, in great fear and dread
of them?
Ansioer. I cannot tell; I never heard them say
much about it.
Question. Were you afraid of them?
Answer. No, sir.
John Jones, of the same county, a witness
for Mr. Sheafe, says:
Question. Have you ever seen at any time, in this
county, disguised men, eommonly called TCu Klux?
If so, was it bofore the last election in November;
and how many were generally together?
Answer. I have, on two or three difforont times,
seen squads of disguised men riding the streets of
this place. They were said to be Ku Kluxcs, though
I know nothing about their organization; this was
about July, 1SG8. The largest squad, T suppose, would
number two hundred or more. On the other occa-
sions there was from fifteen to thirty, I suppose.
Queafion. Would yo\i, at any time before the last
presidential election, havo publicly condemned and
denounced them ?
Answer. I would, but for fear of the organization.
Question. Were not the Republican party, in this
county, in great fear and dread of the Ku Klux?
Answer. I cannot tell.
Question. Were not tho colored men of this county
in fear and droud of them?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. Did you not hear of a number of persons
in this county whipped, intimidated, and alarmed by
them ?
Answer. I have heard of some persons being
whipped; that was said to have been done by them,
but by whom it was done I oannot say.
Thoma3 A. Elliott, of the same county, a
witness for Mr. Tillman, says :
Question. Did you ever see any disguised men,
commonly called Ku Klux, in this town or county;
if so, when, where, and how many were generally
together?
Ansioer. I have seen the above so-called K. K. K.
on several occasions, and counted them on two occa-
sions ; I counted one night four hundred and eighty-
two, and at another time eighty-eight. These men
in disguise came in town frequently during the sum-
mer months of 1868; they paraded the streets of
Murfreesborough generally once a week; sometimes
twice.
Question. From what you saw and heard of them
through the public newspapers, and other rumors
and reports, did it or did it not have a tendency to
throw and keep the Republican party, both white
and colored, into a state of dread and terror on or
before the elceti-on in November last?
_ Answer. 1 think that the Republican party was in-
timidated at the time above mentioned to that extent
that many of them would not have voted if they
eould.
Question. Was your county jail ever broken and a
person or persons taken therefrom by those disguised
men ; if so.what became of those persons?
Answer. Our county jail was opened by a party of
men in disguise, at a lato hour of night, and a col-
ored man taken therefrom and spirited off. The
body of the above negro was afterward found at or
neartheSalem turnpiko bridge in Stone's river; an
inquest was held-, and a verdict held over tho body.
I know not further.
Question. When was that, beforfc or since the last
election in November?
Answer. I do not jiow remember the time, but
think it was before the November election.
I. S. Webb, sheriff of Rutherford county, a
witness for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. In a former part of your deposition you
sn.y that the colored people were frightened by Ku
Klux, so called. Were not white Republicans also
afraid of them?
Answer. They were afraid of the masked men or
Ku Klux .•
Question. Do you know of any persons who were
interrupted by them?
Answer. I myself, brother Evander j. Webb, and
M. L. Fletcher, white men, and a greatmany colored
men, were whipped and slashed.
Question. What did they do to you?
Ansioer. They came to my house at twelve o'clock
at night; they rode brisk into my yard around my
house; they commenced groaning; I was then called
up; I was called to the door; I refused at first to go
out; thoy urged and insisted on my wife opening the
door, which she did ; they pledged themselves not
to hurt me; then I went to the door; several of
them came into tho house; they forcibly took me
out of the house; they carried mo to tho center of
my yard before the door; they cutswitches, and told
mo th<*y were going to lynch mo if I did not resign
tho office of sheriff; they further remarked that if
whipping would not do, they would shoot me or kill
mo; VI told them that JL would consult my friends.
They went off, and left me. This was in A pril, 1868.
They havo not been to my hou?e since. I looked for
them frequently afterward; did not feel safe; took
my blanket and went into the woods at night to
keep out. of the reach of these men. X feared they
would kill me.
Question. What did they do to your brother ?
Answer. They took him out of his house and beat
and whipped and cuffed him.
Question. What condition was your brother's wife
in at tho time, and whatcffectdid it have uponhcr?
Ansioer. She was pregnant at the time, and had a
baby a couple of weeks afterward.
Question. Is the child living; and if so, is it nat-
ural ?
Answer. It is living; it is not properly formed; its
mind is not right.
Question. Do you know whether your brother has
lain out of nights, as well as yourself, to keep out of
their way?
Answer. He has.
On cross-examination this witness states:
Question. Do you mean to say that either yourself
orMr.M. L. Fletcher were either whipped or slashed
by masked men ?
Answr. I do not; neither of us was whipped.
Question. Did you seethe masked men when they
whipped your brother?
Answer. I did not; only whathim and his wife told
me. I saw the scars on his body, and his head swelled
from the stamps.
Question. But all that you know about who perpe-
trated these outrages was what they told you, was it
not?
Answer. Everythingin the world.
Question. Do you know these men or to what party
they belonged?
Answer. Ido not know any of them. I think they
belonged to both armies dui mg the war, and I believe
they were deserters from both armies.
Question. Did Conservatives or Democrats gener-
ally condemn tho treatment which you received
from these men ?
Annver. A great many of them condemned it, and
some of the Democrats made light of it.
Question. Do you not know of Democrats or Con-
servatives who have been badly treated by these
masked men ?
