1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
41st Cons....3d fess.
Ku Klux in, Tennessee—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. oi? Reps.
Answer. I do not know of any.
Question. You werenotafraid to giveyour deposi-
tion at Murfreesborough, were you?
Answer. I was not.
Question. Was not this bad treatment of yourself,
your brother, and Mr. Fletcher, long before the
beginning of the congressional canvass in this con-
gressional district?
Answer* It was in April they visited me; it was in
June they beat my brother. X do not know when
the campaign commenced. They visited Fletcher
about the same time they visited my brother. They
visited him at another time; I do not know when.
BEDFORD COUNTY.
James W. G-ollithan, of Bedford county, a
witness for Mr. Tillman and a voter for Mr.
Sheafe, says:
Question. Were you conductor on the, or a, train
on said road on the Monday night before the election
for President, &c., on the 3d day of last November?
Answer. I was conductor on the north-bound
passenger train on the night previous to the last
presidential election.
Question. Was your train boarded that night at
Bell Buckle, in Bedford county, by disguised men ?
Answer. While stopping at Bell Buckle my train
was entered and gone through by a body of disguised
men.
Question. Were they armed, and how many were
there?
Answer. They were armed; I cannot say how
many.
Question. Bid they delay your train or not?
Answer. They did not delay my train more than
five minutes.
Question. Did they say anything to you or any one
else; and what did they say ?
Answer. One of them had a talk with my baggage-
master. I do not know what was said.
Question. Bid they pass through your passenger
cars, and did they appear to be looking for any one ?
Answer. They passed through my cars, apparently
looking for some person.
Question. Had you ever seen Ku Klux before?
AriHwer. I saw a body of men once before called
Ku Klux.
Question. Were there as many as twenty or thirty;
your best opinion as to the number ?
Answer. There was not exceeding twenty.
On cross-examination he adds :
Question. You have said that you had seen men,
called Ku Klux, on one occasion before the time in
question; was the disguise the same on both occa-
sions ?
Answer. They were not.
Question. In what respect did they differ?
Answer. Onebandhadon redgowns, and theother
had on white gowns.
Question. Which had the red and which the white
gowns?
Answer. The first I saw was at Tullahoma with
red gowns; the party at Bell Buckle had on white
gowns.
Question. Was the disguise in other respects the
same?
Anstoer. I believe in other respects they were dis-
guised the same.
Question. Did you recognize any of these men; and,
if so, did you know his or their politics?
Ansxoer. I did not recognize any one of them,
John Dunlap. teacher of a colored school,
who came to this county from Oxford, Ohio,
witness for Mr. Tillman,
Question. Did you ever see any disguised men,
commonly called Ku Klux ? If so, state when, where,
how many there were, and what they said and did.
Answer. I saw what I supposed to be fifty in num-
ber, on the night of July the 4th, 1868. They came
to my residence in Shelbyville, Tennessee, about ten
o'clock at night. They and their horses were dis-
guised. When I first saw them they were dismount-
ing in front of my house, and yelled they wanted
me, and started in a rush for my door, I shut the
door against them and locked it. They then sur-
rounded my house and shot at me twice through the
window, and then broke open my door and sur-
rounded me, telling me they woftld not kill me if I
would give up my revolver and not shoot them, asl
held it in my hand presented at them. I accordingly
surrendered, and they carried me out and mounted
me behind one of their number, not giving me time
to draw on my coat or put on my hat, but took me
along without coat or hat. They then returned to
the sauare, and on the way said they were from the
battle-ground of Chickamauga. and said they had
rode hard all day to get here (Shelbyville) to take
part in my celebration, (as my school had celebrated
the day,) but could not reach here (Shelbyville) in
time, so tbey concluded to have a celebration to-
night, (the 4th of July, 1868,) From the square they
went to Britton street, and broke into the house
of a colored man by the name of James Franklin,
dragged him from his house and mounted him behind
one of their number, and then rode to the square,
where they formed in a semicircle and blew their
whistles, and gave three cheers for Andrew Johnson.
They then roae across Duck river, where they dis-
mounted Franklin and myself. They then had
Franklin undress himself, and then blindfolded
him, and they then whipped him with what I sup-
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 15.
posed to be a leather thong, each one of their num-
ber striking him five strokes apiece, and then left
him to return to his home. They ordered me to walk
on with them about three hundred yards further,
where they stripped me and whipped me the same as
they did Franklin, cutting and braising me in many
places, and I carry the marks on my person at this
time. While whipping me, one of theirntxmber told
me I talked like a damned Yankee, and he intended
to whip me like one. The captain told him not to
insult me. but to get through whipping me. When
through, they told me there were too many northern
men down here, and they intended to serve them all
as they had served me. The captain then ordered me
to leave Shelbyville on the following Monday and
go where I came from, or they would kill me if
found in Shelbyville after that day, and that if I
ever tell into the hands of the Klan aga*n they would
have no mercy, and I need not expect it. I did not
leave as ordered, and on the 9th the postmaster
handed me an unstamped letter, with my name
written in red ink. On opening the letter I found
it to be from the KuKluxIClan, and dated at one of
their dens. The letter itself was written with red
ink, and warned me to leave by the 16th of the pres-
ent month (July) or they would take me out and
burn me to death. I accordingly went to Nashville,
Tennessee, where I remained nearly two months,
when I again returned and resumed my school. I
forgot to state in the beginning, as I should have
done, that the Klan carried a flesh flag in the shape
of a heart, and asked me how I liked it, and said it
meantKuKlux. I wasnotdisturbedagainuntilthe
first Saturday night in January, 1869, when about
sixty disguised men, armed and mounted, rode into
the publicsquare, hallooing they wanted Dunlap and
fried nigger meat, and then rode down Washington
street toward my residence; when about one hun-
dred yards from the public square, a few friends and
myself fired upon them and they rode quickly out
of sight, since which time I have not seen any
Ku Klux.
J. J. Mankins, of the same county, witness
for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Were you in Shelbyville on the night of
the 4th of July, 1868, and did you or not see a body
of disguised armed men ride into town on that night;
if so, what was the number, and what kind of arms
did they have?
Answer. I was in Shelbyville on the night of the
4th of July, 1868, and saw a body of disguised men
come in the town, and there was between forty and
fifty of them, and they were armed with revolver.
Question. Did they carry their revolvers m their
hands or in their belts ? .
Ansxoer. They carried them in their hands.
Question. How long did they remain, and did they
carry off any of the citizens ?
Answer. They remained in town but a short time,
but carried two citizens with them.
Question. Were they followed by any other citizens,
as spectators or otherwise ? . .
Answer. They were followed by some of the citi-
zens as far as the bridge, but they were not allowed
to go any further. . .
Question. Was there ever any other raid into bbel-
byville by disguised men? If so, state when that
was, if you remember? .
Answer. There was another raid on the night of
the 2d of January, 1869, or about that time, of dis-
guised men. _
Question. Did they interrupt or take off any citi-
zen, or were they driven from the town by being fired
upon ? ,
Answer. They took no person away; they were
fired upon and driven away. -
Question. Captain Mankins, have you any other
reason or reasons for believing the organization
thorough than what is generally known to the pub-
lic, such as frequent ridings of nights, sometimes in
large and sometimes in smaller numbers. If you
have, please state what are your reasons for so be-
lieving? , ., ,, . , . ,
Answer. I have other reasons besides that which
is generally known to the public. I have a book m
my possession that I believe is the ritual or pre-
script by which I think the organization was gov-
erned
Question. Have you any objection to filing and
making said book as an exhibit to your deposition I
Answer. I have not. , ., _ . . ,
Question. Will you please mark it Exhibit A, and
give it to William G-albreath, the officer before whom
your deposition is now being taken, that he may
attach it and send it up with your deposition / ,
Answer. I will, and now do so, and have just
now put my name on the book, preceeded by the
letter A.
On cross-examination he says :
Question. Had you ever seen orheard of KuKlux at
the time you were stationed at Pulaski in the sum-
m2'«swer?7WhiIe I was at Pulaski I learned there
was an organization that called themselves Ivu Klux.
Question. When was ityou first heard of this organ-
ization? ,
Ansioer. I first heard of it m the spring of 1867.
Question. Did you ever hear the word Ku K ux.until
long after the organization of the militia ot 1857 /
Answer. I think it was about the time the militia
was organized that I first heard of them.
With respect to the disturbances in the dis-
trict, occasioned by this organization, Thomas
IT. Caldwell, attorney general for the State,
a witness for Mr. Tillman, says:
iQuestion. Did you canvass this congressional dis-
triet as elector in the presidential canvass previous
to the election on the 3d of November. 1868? If so,
state whether or not you had a gnod opportunity of
learning the state of feeling of the Republican party
in relation to the Ku Klux on and before the presi-
dential election; tell all aboutit.
Armoer. As elector I did to some extent canvass
this district. I was with Colonel Tillman inFranklin
and (riles, and was with A. A. Steele, esq., the Dem-
ocratic elector, in Bedford and Rutherford. There
was not very much canvassing by Mr. Steele and
myself. I was in every county in the district, except
Oannon and Marshall, during the canvass. I think
I know the feelings of most of the Republicans in
this district attbat time in reference to the Ku Klux
organization. During the canvass, and particularly
after the 4th of July, 1868, among the Republicans,
especially the colored voters, there was very great
fear of the Ku Klux; and the white voters in mauy
instances were in great dread of that organization.
Question. Did not that fear and dread of the Ku
Klux keep a great many Republican voters from the
polls at the November election, in the year 1868, in
all of the counties in this congressional district?
Answer. In my opinion it did. This opinion is based
upon the expression I heard from Republican voters
in the counties I was in during the canvass.
Question. State whether or not these disguised men,
or Ku Klux, did not have their night raids in all of
the counties that compose this congressional dis-
trict.
Ansnoer. In this, Bedford county, I know they did;
and my information is that in all the other counties
in the district the Ku Klux were in the habit of
making night raids.
William H. Wisener, of Bedford county,
recently a candidate for Governor, a witness
for Mr. Tillman, says:
Question. Were you a member of the joint military
committee of the two houses in relation to the or-
ganization of the militia of the State of Tennessee,
and which committee submitted a report .to the
extrasession of the thirty-fifth General Assembly of
the State of Tennessee, September 2,1868; and if so,
is not that report a correct statement of the condi-
tion of the country, as far as it goes; I mean of the
trouble growing out of the operations of disguised
men called Ku Klux ?
Ansioer. I was a member of State senate m
1868, and was a member of the joint committee on
military affairs, who made a report to the Legisla-
ture ; the chairman on the part of the senate and
on the part of the house are now members of the
House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States. I suppose the proof taken repre-
sented tolerably correctly the state of affairs in tne
Sarticular localities to which the testimony referred.
[any of the witnesses had had to leave home, and
were afraid to go home, asthey said, until things got
quieter in their respective neighborhoods. The
report is signed, "W. J. Smith, chairman of the
Senate Military Committee," and ' W. F. Prosser,
Chairman House Military Committee.'' The eoudi-
tion of the country at the time the Legislature met,
in July, 1868, was as bad or worse than that proof
represents it.
The following is an extract from the report
referred to by this witness, made to the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State on the 2d Septem-
ber, 1868:
"Your committee regret that the limited time at
their disposal has prevented them fromgiving to the
subject-matter referred^ to them a more complete
and thorough examination. The murders and out-
rages which have been perpetrated in many counties
of Middle and West Tennessee during the past few
months have been so numerous and of such an ag-
gravated character as almost baffles investigation.
In these counties a reign of terror exists, which is
so absolute in its nature that the best of citizens
are unable or unwilling to give free expression to
their opinions. The terror inspired by the secret
organization known as the Ku KluxKlan is so great
that the officers of the law are powerless to execute
its provisions, to discharge their duties, or to bring
the guilty perpetrators of these outrages to the pun-
ishment they deserve. Their stealthy movements
are generally made uuder cover of night and under
masks and disguises, which render then* identifica-
tion difficult, if not impossible, io add to the sec-
recy which envelopes their operations is the *<iet
that no information of their murderous acta can be
obtained without the greatest difficulty and danger
in the localities where they are committer. Ho one
dares to inform upon them or take any measures to
bring them to punishment, because no one ran tell
but that he may be the next victim of their hostility
or animosity. The members of this organization,
with their friends, aiders, and abettors, taKo espo-
eial pains to conceal all their operations, ihe njoy-
inCT principle by which they aro actuated would
appear to be hostility to the otate and national
authorities; and, in the minds of these men, to have
voted for ' Bkownlow or the Republican ticket,
or to be a' Radical,' is the greatest ot crimes. 1 our
committee believo that during the past sis months
