228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
eminent, and by the people; and upon that
authority and that recognition I leave the first
charge to the judgment of the House.
The second charge reads:
"That portions of the land alleged to have been
aaldfor the benefit of tbo Howard University fund
were disposed of improperly to members of his own
family and officers of his staff."
No purchase hy any member of the family
or stuff of General Howard appears in the evi-
dence. Tlie testimony does show a purchase
of several lots by General Howard himself,
one lot by General B.illoch, and one by Mr.
Alvord. Messrs. Balloeh and Alvord were
officers of the bureau, but were not officers of
the staff of General Howard.
The lands upon which the Howard Univer-
sity is situated were never the property of the
Government. The Howard University corpor-
ation bought, paid for, and took the title to the
same, and I refer to pages 284, 00, and 495
of the testimony, where copies of the deeds will
be found as evidence of that fact. Where they
obtained the means for so doing lias nothing to
do with this charge. They did purchase this
land, and it became their property in fee-simple
absolute. They could dispose of it as they
deemed proper, and General Howard, General
Balloeh) and Mr. Alvord had justas much right
to buy of them and they to sell as to any other
individual citizen. If we were in a court of
judicature I should leave the question here,
but the character of this investigation, of the
parties, and thecause involved urge me further.
The proof discloses the fact that the trustees
of Howard University, by a resolution of their
board, donated to General Howard a lot of one
acre of land, upon condition that he should
erect, thereon a house to cost, at least.$10,000.
Now, I have no doubt that this donation was
instigated in part by the gratitude on the part,
of the members of the board toward General
Howard for the very great services he had ren
den-d their institution ; but thcro is equally no
doubt, for every member of the board swore
to the fact, they were also instigated in part
by thi'ir desire to improve the valuo of the
contiguous grounds hy the erection of a first,-
class building upon their lands.
The proof further discloses the fact that.
General Howard refused this donation. He
intimated, however, that, ho would purchase a
lot at a fair valuation. The trustees upon this
refusal, of their own motion, and without one
word in behalf of General Howard, by him
self or others for him, as to the price of the
lot, fixed the valuation thereof at one thou-
sand dollars, that sum being more than the cost,
price, but still adhering to the condition that he
should erect thereon a dwelling to cost, at least
$10,000. General Howard accepted the prop-
osition, bought, the land, and built the house.
In order to build this house he had to sell the
one in which he then resided. These are the
facts connected with this charge. It does not
appear heinous to me. lie bought and paid
for the land at, a price fixed, and upon aeon
dition imposed by its owners. True, he could
have had the land for nothing. But, he refused
it as a donation, and in this refusal displayed
a tenderness of conscience so unfamiliar and
unknown to the Democracy that, the members
of that party on the committee denounce it as
criminal. 1 canuot follow their lead.
It. was for the interest of the university
that the grounds contiguous to their buildings
should be improved by the crection of decent
structures. As a mere speculation it was wise.
'Ihey had the right to give it away for that
purpose if they thought proper, and thou-
sands of instances of the kind, for mere spec-
ulative purposes, can be shown all over the
country. General Howard had the right to
accept the gift or to buy, as he thought proper.
He chose to buy. The university was ben-
efited by the erection of the building. The
Government was not damaged, for it had no
interest in the property. As a business trans-
action the university corporation had entirely
the best of it. No shrewd business man would
have assumed the condition in the contract
for the petty sum named as the consideration
of the sale. The price paid was more than the
land cost. If it has increased in value since
that time the circumstance is entirely for-
tuitous. General Balloeh and Mr. Alvord each
purchased land of the university at its full
value. I presume their right to purchase will
not be questioned.
I submit extracts from the testimony, which
will show the facts as they appear in the evi-
dence before the committee. Hiram Barber,
a witness evidently prejudiced against General
Howard, swore as follows:
Question. After the deed was obtained was there,
or was there not, a plan devised for laying out a por-
tion of tho laud into lots and putting it into the
market?
Antnoer. Yes.
Question. Who carried out that plan ?
Answer. If I recollect aright, it was done under
tho direction of tho executive committee.
Question. Have you any knowledge whether or not
a portion of that land, and. it* any, how much, was
assigned to Goneral Howard as a donation?
Anxiver. Yes; Irecolloct that one acre was assigned
as a donation.
Question. State at whoso instanco that was done.
Annoer. Tho donation was made at the instance
of General Howard, originally.
Question. You can state whether or not that is tho
pl. ee where his house is?
Answer. I understood at the time that that was the
aero upon which his house now stands.
Question. Have you any knowledge of tho fact
whether or not, when that land was laid oat in lots
and about to bo put upon the market, amininum
prioo was fixed upon the lots, and certain persons
allowed to select lots at the minimum price?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. State, as well as you can recollect, any
persons who were allowed to select these lots.
Answer. I uiodo a selection, for one, and I know
several parties who made selections at the time X
did; whether they consummated the purchase or not
I ma not able to say; L did not.
Question. Do you know whether any of General
Howard's military household, oroQiccrsof tho Freed-
men's Bureau, made selections?
Answer. I can't say of my own knowledge,
Quvfition. You say you did not consummate your
purchase V ♦
Answer. I did not; X chccked one of the lots on tho
plat and wioto my natuo on it, bat abandoned it in
a very lew days afterward.
Ui'Oii cross-examination by General How-
ard's counsel his testimony reads somewhat
differently :
Question. You staled yesterday that there had been,
hy vote of your body, given to General Howard a lot
for a house; do you rccollcct that General Howard
afterward formally declined that offer?
Answer. I don't recollect that helormallydeclined
the ofi'er, if you put the question iu that form.
Question. You don't recollect being secretary at any
time when such decline was made ?
Answer. No. If you will allgw me I will tell you
what did occur.
Question. Please answer my question.
Answer. I recollect being present at a meeting
when a resolution or motion was passed allowing
General Howard to give his notes for tho lots which
had been donated to him.
Question. Please answer my question. Doyourecol-
lecc being pre>cnt at a meeting, and acting as secre-
tary ihoieof, at which General Howard iormally
declined to roocivo the git t (which had been voted to
hitn before) of that lot?
Answer. I believe General Howard did decline to
accept it at*a meeting of which X was secretary, some
time after the voto donating it was passed.
Question. You know, do you not, that ho so de-
clined?
Answer. No,sir; Idonotknowthathesodeclined;
X f-o understood it.
Question. Please to look at the minute now shown
youot a meeting of thetrustecsonthel-ith of August,
18G7, and say whether it is in your handwriting.
Annoer. Xh.it is in my handwriting.
Qwstioa. Hoes it read in your handwriting that
"General O. 0. Howard formally declined to accept
the land heretofore donated to him by the board and
declared his intention to purchase the same at valu-
ation?"
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Is that true?
Ansicer. That is true.
Question, You forgot it at the time—a few moments
ago?
rflnsw<?r. No, sir; I did not forget it. You wanted
me to fix the time, and I could not do it without
referring to the records.
Question. 1 fixed no time. Do you remember, then,
that your board determined to arrange the terms of
sale of that lot to General Howard, and did you enter
it so here?
Answer. I presume I did. I just stated a resolu-
tion of that kind was brought up and passed.
Extracts from the records of the trustees of Howard
University, April 8, 1867.
On motion of E. M. Cushman, esq.. General Whit-
tlesey, financial agent, was instructed to select a lot,
at discretion, not to exceed one acre in area, from
the grounds of Howard University, the same to be
donated to General O. O. Howard for the purpose of
erecting a private residence thereon.
August 14,1867.
General 0. 0. Howard formally declined to accept
the land heretofore donated to him by the board,
and declared his intention to purchase the same at
valuation.
Mr. II. A. Brewster moved that tho executive
committee be authorized to arrange the terms of
sale with General 0. 0. Howard of said land.
Adopted.
August 20,1867.
Rev. E. W. RoMnson, from the executive com-
mittee, reported the action of said committee rel-
ative to the sale of a lot upon tho university grounds
of one acre for $1,000.
On motion of Dr. 11. Barber,'the report was agreed
to, and the action of the committee unanimously
confirmed by the board.
December 2,1867.
On motion of General Balloeh, the board agreed
to rcceive from General 0. 0. Howard a note on de-
mand, with interest, for $1,000, and convey to him
lot No. 11, in block No. 4, containing one acre, in
fee-simple, and the president and secretary execute
tho deed.
Deed executed December 31.1867
Charge three:
" That bonds issued in aid of the First Congrega-
tional church of the city of Washington were taken
in payment for a portion of this land, which have
not yet been redeemed or paid, nor have they been
returned in his official accounts as such."
No proof to sustain this charge was made
before the committee. The minority of the
committee by joining this charge with the
tenth charge endeavor to make a case. The
charges are entirely dissimilar ; there is not
one word of testimony on the truth or falsity
of the third charge in all the evidence taken,
and it only appears in the proceedings of the
committee as a part of the minority report, and
there rather by way of innuendo than averment.
Charge four :
" That tho university buildings and hospital were
built of patent brick, furnished by the American
Building-Block Company, in which General Howard,
Ctiarles Howard, Goneral E. Whitlesey, and J. "\V.
Alvord, all attached to the bureau, were interested
as stockholders."
The gist of the fourth charge I presume to
be that General O. O, Howard was interested
in the company furnishing the material of
which the outer walls of the university build-
ings were constructed. The proof is that he
was not a member of or interested as a stock-
holder in the company which furnished the
material. While at one time he was associated
with other gentlemen as part owner of the
patent process of manufacturing what ia known
as the American building-block, the pro. f is
positive that he sold out his entire interest
before the material for the building of the
university, manufactured by Searle & Co., the
association referred to, was accepted, specifi-
cation of building and material made, or con-
tract for construction awarded. Conversation
in reference to the selection of this material
for the university building was had before he
disposed of his interest: but the proof is dis-
tinct, positive, and irrefutable that he never
made a dollar by the purchase of the patent,
the sale of his interest, or the selection and use
of this particular building material, and that
he disposed of his interest inthe building block
without, profit to himself for the very purpose
of divesting himself of all pecuniary interest in
the .Howard University. As this is entirely a
matter of evidence and admitted by the minor-
ity, I refertheraemberstotheprinted testimony
taken before the committee.
Charge five :
"That the specifications for the construction of
those buildings provided that ths materials used in
