230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2t
Ho. of Reps.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
give in. the language of tho witness, Charles
W. Perkins, testifying to the point:
By Mr,"V?ooj>:
Citation, State what you know of lumber being
delivered at the normal School and university
grounds, and from there hauled to, the Building-
Block Company'* grounds.
Answer. I know that I sent lumber to the normal
school.
Question. Brought from Maine?
Answer. No, sir; most of it was lumber taken
fr )in Kendal! Green. I was passing the university
grounds one day in my buggy, and I paw two teams
loading there with lumber. I asked the colored
men where they wero carrying tho lumber, and they
told me they were carrying it up to the Building
Block Company. I asked them who gave them
orders to carry it there, and they told me that Gen-
eral Charles II. Howard gave the orders. 1 drove
up to the Building-Block Company, and was there
when th« y brought tho lumber up.
(Mr. Ketcham objected to tho statement of the
ten rasters its being mere hearsnv.)
\Vitntkss. Ieaunotsay thatGenoral Charles How-
ard did order it to be brought up there: but I saw
two loads of tho lumber myself. I waited until tho
teams came up with it, and I suppose there wero
about two loads more left behind. I cannot tell
what been me of it.
By Mr. Bradley:
Question. Was that lumber unloaded there?
Answpr. Yes, sir; it was.
By Mr. Wood:
Question. Bid you yourself have any conversation
with Charles Howaid or J. M. Brown as to that
lumber?
Answer. I had to show in my monthly report
where the lumber went, and Mr. J. M. Brown asked
me, and I told him that it went to the Building-
Block Company.
By Mr. Bradley:
Quention. How many thousand feet wero taken?
Aimocr. There were twenty thousand feet at the
university grounds. I cannot say that it nil went to
the Building Block-Company; but I told Mr. Brown
what I find seen in rot'eronco to those two loads.
By My Krtciiam:
Question. You spoke of some twenty thousand feet
of old lumber; had that lumber boon a material used
for houses before?
Ansioer. It had been used in buildings at ICondall
Green, which had been torn down,
Quextion. And that twenty thousand feet of lum-
ber you t,aw two men take away with teams?
Aumcr. I only saw two load* taken away, and
when tho?o (wo loads were taken away thero was
more left thero.
Quest ton. Thee (wo loads tlnit you saw taken away,
and (hut. ><>u afterward saw delivered on tho Build-
ing-Block Company's grounds, what number of feet
was m them?
Answer. I should judge not over livoliundied feet.
The carts wei<« one-horso carts.
Qupxtion. Amltheso two loads would be about five
hundred foot?
Answer. Not, over fivo hundred feet each.
Question. Bo you know anything concerning tho
rest of tho twenty thousand leet of lumber of which
yon have spoken?
Not anything; all I know is about theso
two loads that, I saw going.
Question. What was that kind of luuibor worth per
foo t?
Answer. It was worth, for building purposes, for
sheathing, about a cent and a half per foot, that is
about what it would bring.
By Mr, Bradley:
Question. When you went to tho Block Company's
grounds again, after you saw the«o two loads of lum-
ber left thcie, stafo whether you saw anymore of
the same kind of lumber there.
A newer. I did not; I did not look, as I supposed
it was .ill light, and that it was ordered by the gen-
eral.
Question. Bid you observe it at any other time?
Answer. No, sir; I was hardly ever there.
Owfion. Who do you mean bv tiie "general?''
Answer. I mean General Charles Howard.
Whereupon General 0. 0. Howard, as
afterward appears, ordered restitution of the
lumber, or payment therefor by the Building-
Block Company.
Charge eight.,
"That he pays rent to tho Howard University from
the funds of the Buroau, for the privilege of a head-
quarters,''
is true ; and I congratulate the gentleman from
New York upon the discovery of this oasis of
truth in the midst of the wide-spread desert of
false accusation through which he has been
forced to travel. It is true that he so pays
rent, nay, it is-even true that, instead of bot-
tling up and retailing at second hand the air
heated at the expense of the Government for
the purpose of wanning such headquarters,
he nefariously permits smJi heated air—with-
out restraining or attempting to restrain its
natural law—to ascend through doors and
halls to other and higher apartments occupied
by the institution and its students. To be
sure be procures this accommodation at an
expense $2,000 less than he formerly paid
for other and poorer offices; but as this trifle
would hardly mitigate the enormity of the
offense in the eyes of the gentleman from New
York, or my colleagues on the committee pre-
senting the minority report, I hand the
charge over to them in all its unblushing
nakedness, with the sincere hope that they
and their political confreres may make the
most of their only opportunity, trifling, petty,
and frivolous though it be, to pierce the armor
of proof and of truth worn by the Commis-
sioner of the Freedtnen's Bureau.
Charge nine :
"That he draws three salaries, namely: on© as
brigadier general in the United States Army, an-
other ns Commissioner of tho Freedmen's Bureau,
and a third as head of Howard University."
This charge is best met by reading the
testimony on the point, most of which is docu-
mentary. Section three of an act to establish
a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmea and
Refugees provides that—
"Any military officermay be detailed and assigned
to duty under this act without increase of pay or
allowance."
Section three of the act amending the above
law, passed over the President's veto July 10,
18G0, provides that—
" Military officers or enlisted men may bo detailed
for servicq and assigned to duty under this act. and
tho President may, ifinhisjudgmonfcsaf© andjudi-
cious so to do, detail from the Army all the officers
of this bureau; but no officer so assigned shall have
increase of pay or allowance
I take the following extracts from the records
of the trustees of Howard University ;
April 5,1860.
The committee appointed in September hist to
tender tho oflieo of president of tho university to
Gonernl O. 0. Howard, reported, through their chair-
man, that they had discharged that duty. Where-
upon, on motion of J. W, Alvord, General O. O.
Howard was unanimously elected president of tho
university; and it was voted that his salary be one
dollar per year until otherwise ordered.
"Washington, D. C., AprilO, 1869.
1>kar Genkkal : At a meeting of tho trustees of
Howard University on tho 5th instant you were, on
motion of J. W. Alvord, unanimously elected to tho
office of president of the university.
Tho trustees wero advised that you did not desire
a salary; but, being by tho by-laws obliged to desig-
nate one, they named a merely nominal amount.
Permit ine t.o oxpress ixiy personal gratification at
tho choice, and tho hope that you will at once enter
upon the discharge of tho duties.
Very truly, yours, W. F, BASCOM,
Secretary pro tempore.
Major General 0. 0. Howard, Washington, D. C.
Washington, X>. C., April 6,1 mx
Dkar Sir: Your official notification of my elec-
tion on the 5th instant to tho office of president of
tho university is just rccoived. Thanking tho trus-
tees for tho confidence they repose in me, and your-
self for tho courteous manner in which you notify
mo of their choice, I wish to say that I will accept
the ofiico, with tho understanding that my contin-
uance therein shall be but temporary, and that tho
oxecution of tho duties imposed shall in no way in-
terfere with the performance of my official trusts
under the Government of the United States.
Very lespectfully, your obedient servant,
0. 0. HOWARD,
Brevet Major General United States Army.
Professor W. F. Bascom, Secretary of the Board of
Trustees, Howard University.
So conclusive was this testimony that the
committee on this charge were of but one
opinion as to its falsity.
Charge ten:
'* That he has paid from the funds of the bureau
over forty thousand dollars for the construction of
the First Congregational church, taking the church
bonds in return, which he has either returned inhis
accounts as cash on hand or sent South lor the pur-
poses of the bureau.
As against this charge, I propose to state the
facts as proven :
lnrst. He has not paid from the funds of the
bureau over forty thousand dollars, or any
other sum, for construction of the First Con-
gregational church.
Second. He never took any bonds or other
securities of such church.
Third. He never returned such bonds or
securities as cash.
Fourth. He never sent such bonds or other
securities South for any purpose.
I do not know that the proof and charge
could be made more perfectly contradictory
than they are in the evidence. The facts are
that a charity fund was transferred to General
Balloch to be invested and held by him as trus-
tee, and that General Balloch, as trustee of
this fund, of his own motion and upon his own
responsibility saw fit to invest, and did invest,
a portion of this fund in the bonds of the First
Congregational church. The money was not
in the hands of General Howard or under his
control, nor was he in any way responsible for
it. It did not belong to the Freedmen'sBureau.
The investment was a good one, at a fair rate
of interest,upon property worth at least three
times the amount of the loan. The evidence
on this point is so conclusive that I refer to it
with confidence and pass to the eleventh charge.
II. T. White—Examination continued.
By Mr. Ketcham:
Question. Have you the memoranda you were
requested to bring?
Annoer. Yes, sir. This contains a list of all tho
bonds issued, and to whom. There aro$250 of bonds
I am unable to account for; they have not yet been
presented for interest.
Question. Does not the record show to whom they
belong?
Answer. It shows to whom they were issued; but
who holds them now I do not know.
Account of bonds issued by First Congregational church
Bondholders on account of corporations :
George W. Balloch, treasurer $19,500
John A. Cole, treasurer  4.850
Richmond Normal School  10,000
Individual bondholders on pHvate account:
W. A. Itighter $1,200
J. J). i>river  
G. W. Stickney  100
C. W. Brown  ]00
L. H. Bartlett  200
J. II. Ives  500
G. F. Itollins  HH>
J. B. Johnson  100
K. A. llollins  300
T>. M. Kelsey  800
Mrs. It. B. Croppni  100
John Kimball  100
  3,709
In hands of treasurer  1,700
Total $39,500
Extract from testimony of General George ty. Balloch.
By Mr. Perch :
Question. Do I understand that these First Con-
gregational church bonds were purchased out of a
fund transferred to the university?
Anncer. Yes; it had been in mv bands a week
before tho investment was made. I thought the in-
vestment a good one, and I purchased these bonds.
Question. They were not funds belonging to the
bureau ?
Answer. No, sir; it was a transaction of my own
as treasurer of tho university.
By Mr. Tynkr:
Question. You say that the purchase of tho bonds
of the First Congregational church was a transaction
of your own^as treasurer of the Howard University?
Answer. Yes.
Question. State whether or not it was ordered in
any way by General Howard.
Answer. It was not.
Question. Was it agreed or otherwise understood
before the transfer ot that $2>.00() from the Freed-
men's Bureau to the I^oward University that any
portion of it should be invested in bonds of the First
Congregational society?
Answer. No, sir; not to my knowledge. I never
heard anything about it.
By Mr. Townsend:
Question. You took the responsibility upon your-
self?
Answer. I did; as a six per cent, investment.
Charge eleven:
"Hehas adva nced alarge sum from the fundsof tho
bureau to the Young Men's Christian Association of
this city, taking their bonds in payment, which have
been sent to Tennessee to help the freed men's schools
in that State."
ihe facts as shown by the evidence are that
G eneral Howard held, as his own private prop-
erty, a bond of the Young Men's Christian
