282
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March. 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Perce.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Extract from testimony of J. II. Thompson.
Question* What were the terms of salo of square
1026?
Answer. I believe $2,000 in casb. and the rest in
deferred payments.
Question, Have those deferred payments been
ramie?
Anwar. 'I believe so, sir.
"Question. Made by General Howard, or by whom?
Antnvr. I do not know of my own knowledge.
Question. What do you know in relation to the
matter?
Anntoer. When the general purchased the land he
told me that he had not enough money to pay the
cash payment that was demanded of $2 000. To the
best of my recollection he told me tbat he had $1.000,
whifh h«>d been sent him by a gentleman in Now
York for a specific purpose; that ho had written to
that gentleman and had received permission to uso
that money tor this purpose; but this amounted to
>>nt SI 000. while the cash payment demanded was
$2 000; so I lent the general the other $1,000.
Question, And the other $8,000, when was that to
be paid?
Answer. I forget whether in six, twelve, and eight-
een months, or in one, two, or three years.
Queation. To whom was the deed raado?
Answer. The doed was made directly to General
Howard.
Question. In his official capacity?
Answer, I am not certain ; I think directly to him
individually.
Charge thirteen:
"That he was interested in the purchaso of a farm
of about three hundred nercs near the Lunatic Asy-
lum in this county, lor which the public funds and
other property of the Government were used. Build-
ings were erected thereon built of lumber belonging
to the Government, and others let or sold to freed-
men at exorbitant prices; and thathe and his brother,
Charles Howard, were personally interested in this
transaction as a private pecuniary speculation."
The testimony under this charge covers many
pages of the evidence taken before the com-
mittee. That so much stress should be laid on
this charge can only be explained by the fact,
apparent throughout the examination, that the
prosecution, its aiders and abettors, were and
are utterly incapable of comprehending the
broad humanity of the workers in this great
philanthropic effort. The facts are simple,
plain, and straightforward.
As I have before slated, a portion of the
u refugees and freedin.en's fund" was set
npart, underthe law, to three educational insti-
tutions. The condition of the houseless and
homeless colored prople of Washington so
aroused General Howard's sympathies that
ho determined to assist them. To do this he,
with full consent of the officers of these educa-
tional institutions, associated with himself Sen-
ator Pomkroy, of Kansas, and Mr. Klvans, of
Washington city, as trustees of this fund.
These trustees with the fund under their con-
trol purchased the Barry farm, a tract of some
^three hundred and seventy-five acres, situated
near the Lunatic Asylum, and thereupon the
fund was denominated the Barry farm fund,
and the trustees were called trustees of the
Barry farm fund. Now for the process where-
by the colored people were to be benefited,
without loss or diminution of the fund.
High* here I desire again to repeat what the
other side of the House find so difficult to
understand. The Freedmen's Bureau was
created for the purpose of benefiting, assist-
ing, protecting, and elevating the colored peo-
ple of this country, and for no other purpose.
Such was the true object of its creation, sus-
tenance, and maintenance, and to this end the
Commissioner was clothed with a discretion
practically unlimited. In the exercise of this
discretion General Howard's theory was to edu-
cate and stimulate that people to labor and pro-
vide for themselves. That the theory is correct
none will deny; that its operation has proved
perfectly successful any one acquainted with
the colored peop*e of the South will surely
affirm.
Actingon this theory, the trustees first caused
the Barry farm to be surveyed and laid off in
lots of one acre each, with proper roads and
approaches, They then bought a large quan-
tity of lumber, and offered the lots for sale,
together with sufficient lumber to build a small
house on each lot sold, at exactly the price
the land and lumber cost. The colored people
caught at the opportunity with surprising avid-
ity, and in an almost incredible short space
of time three hundred families were located
in their little homes, gardens were planted,
schools and churches w<*re erected, and the
hill-sides of the old, desolate, worn-out farm
became a busy scene of thrift, industry, and
progress. The payments were placed at ten
dollars per month, so that they amounted to
no more than the individuals would necessarily
pay for rent in the dilapidated huts or miser-
able and crowded tenements of the city, while
the people themselves, dignifiedas land owners
and householders, were elevated in the scale
of humanity, and from homeless wanderers
have become substantial citizens.
I have been to Barry farm and 4 * know
whereof I affirm." I wish other members of
this House would visit that place. I could wish
to dilate upon the magnitude and magnificence
of this great charity; but this, as many other
like instances connected with the operations
of the bureau, is so dwarfed in comparison
with the whole work performed that I pass on.
The cost of the houses averaged about seventy-
six dollars. The lots with houses erected
thereon were sold at prices ranging from $125
to $300, the average being $225. The actual
cost of the lots average, for principal, interest,
grading, expenses, &c., $228, being three dol
jars per lot more than they sold for. Surely
if this be a 11 private pecuniary speculation,"
as stated in the charge, it is a very singular
method of making money. Think of it I A
permanent home with an acre of ground for
$225, payable in monthly installments of ten
dollars each!
Now, as to the working of the scheme. The
money has done this work and is now doing
its -other work in assisting in the education
of teachers in the normal schools for which it
was originally intended. The whole thing was
a success. The money advanced by the trus-
tees in and about the Barry farm has been
returned through the payments made by the
colored people for their homes. The philan-
thropic end was attained without the Govern-
ment losing a dollar, without diminishing the
fund a dollar, and, what is far more to the
chagrin and discomfiture of the prosecution,
without any person connected with the trust
or fund making adollar, saving and excepting
the colored people, formerly houseless and
forlorn, who now sleep secura and comfort-
able in their own homes. To particularize the
charge, therefore, I say General Howard was
not interested in the purchase of the Barry
farm, save in a public capacity. The build-
ings were not let or sold at exorbitant prices,
but were, with the land, sold at cost. Neither
Charles Howard nor General O. O. Howard
were interested in this transaction as a private
pecuniary speculation.
There is testimony showing that the lum-
ber of which the buildings were erected was
bought in Maine at a saving to the enterprise
of $7,500. The prosecution think this cul-
pable, and despite the free-trade theories of
the gentleman from New York, he claims
they should have patronized the home market.
On this point we may perhaps be allowed to
differ, especially as the transaction was clearly
a matter in the discretion of the purchasers.
Senator Pomeroy, of Kansas, one of the
trustees of the Barry farm fund, was before
the committee as a witness. His statement
so clearly discloses the object and intentions
of the originators of the scheme, that I will
read that portion of his testimony ;
Question. As to tho purchase of the Barry farm,
will you have the goodness to state the objects pro-
posed to be effected by it, the condition of the people
who were brought there, and who were desigoed to
be brought there; and any advantage attending that
operation; and also as to any counsel oradvice given
by yourself in relation theercto ?
Answer. I shall be very glad to state all that I
know about it; I have really felt more interested in
it, and perhaps can state more fully about it, than
anvthing else relating to the trust. I did myself
advise tho purehase of the Barry farm, for this rea-
son : there was a large colored population thrown
into this city during the war. from Virginia and else-
where. I took an interest in that population. We
housed them temporarily in barracks, under the
direction of the Secretary of War. Barracks were
built for them temporarily on property owned by
private individuals, and families were thrown pro-
miscuously, men, women, and children, in great
numbers, into those large buildings. At theclose of
the war the Secretary ordered the property to be
turned over to the owners, and the barracks re-
moved ; and that suggested to my mind that we
should do something to provide, if possible, perma-
nent homes for those laboring people trying to make
a living in Washington. I urged—and if there is
any responsibility about it I wish to take it—that
there should be some lands purchased where they
could get homes. They could not buy any them-
selves, because they had not anything to pay for
them. It was finally agreed, after several consult-
ations with General Howard, that this Barry farm,
owned by a widow lady whom I did not know, but
who I understood was willing to sell, should bo
bought, and, after consultation, it was agreed tbat
Mr, Elvans, having been selected as one of the
trustees, should make the purchase. He did so.
Then we agreed to cut up the land into lots, averag-
ing about an acre to a lot, and to take this old lum-
ber which the Secretary of War had ordered off from
those private lots about town, and to build houses
with it, and also to purchase some other lumber if
that was not enough. We were to sell those little
lots, after we cut them up, to those heads of families
for about ten dollars a month, which was aboutwbat
they would have to pay for rent if they had tene-
ments in Washington, making the agreement that
when they completed tho payment at ten or fifteen
dollars a month, they should own the property, and
have the title to it. The project was simply, so far
as I know, to settlo these people comfortably in little
houses and gardens of their own, so that when tho
father of a family could get work by the day his lit-
tlo family could cultivate the garden and make a
living. That is all. I watched it with a good deal
of interest, organized two schools there, and got up
a church andalittlesociety. I ridedown there often,
and, so far as I know, the project has been quite a
success; more than I expected. The colored people
have kept up their payments measurably. A few,
during the winter, did not keep up their monthly
payments: but wo prolonged the time. A great ma-
jority of them have completed the payments, and
have got titles, and have got homes. A few have not.
None of them have been turned off, and their pay-
ments forfeited, that I know of, for when they had
a disposition to pay, wo havo given them every facil-
ity, so far as time is concerned. I do not know that
a dollar of the fund has been wasted. X do not think
that there has becq. Our object was to make tho
payments equal the expenses, without any profit
from the negroes. We sold tho lots so as to make
them pay up what they cost, tho expenses of the
superintendent, (we had one man employed to attend
to it,) and tho buildings; and when aco'lored man
paid all that, he was to have a title. So far as I know,
there never was a dollar of expense charged to the
fund. I never took a dollar for my expense; and
Mr. Elvans never did, that I know of. We paid our
own expenses and administered the trust.
Question. There was nothing ever charged by a
trustee?
Answer. Never, that X know of.
Question. And if any one should have ceased to pay
up continuously that which he had paid would be no
more per month than the monthly rent which lie
would have to pay everywhere else for similar pur-
Answer. Yes; that was our object—toletthemhave
a title to the place at the expense of what they would
have to pay if they rented a little tenement in the
city, which would usually be about ten dollars per
month.
With the thirteenth charge ends all accusa-
tion against the personal integrity of General
Howard. The fourteenth and fifteenth charges
are entirely political in their character, and I
shall treat them as such. The prosecution,
instigated by private malice and stimulated
by political partisanship, marked through-
out by—
" Tho patient search and vigil long
Of him who treasures up a wrong/'
was cool, persistent, searching, thorough.
The widest latitude in examination was per-
mitted by the committee. No hint was too
slight, no intimation so petty that it was not
sifted; and yet here, as a member of the com-
mittee, on my honor as a man and ray oath as
a Representative, 1 can declare there is not
