336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Keps.
Charges against General Howard—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Cong....3dSess.
We neglect the lesson of passing events if we
do not remedy this wrong. France, "beauti-
ful France," with its ignorant masses, lies
bleeding and prostrate before educated Ger-
many. Mexico, with all the wealth of its agri-
cultural and mineral resources, has almost
relapsed into an ignorant barbarism. Eng-
land, long the chief manufacturing nation of
the world, as shown by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] has so retro-
graded before the progressive and aggressive
education of Holland, Belgium, and Germany
that it now leads in but ten where it formerly
led in ninety different kinds of manufactures.
And we, if we delay the education of the peo-
ple, necessarily retard our national advance-
ment.
The efforts of the bureau and the legislation
in aid thereof are the only instances where our
Government has given direct aid in educa-
tional matters. The donations of land made at
various times to the different States amounted
to no more than an indorsement of the educa-
tional policy of the States and indirect aid in
carrying out that policy. The expenditures
of the bureau have been applied directly to
the maintenance of its particular schools.
The policy is correct. The United States is
the only country among civilized nations where
direct appropriations and expenditures are not
habitually made in aid of its universities. This
should be the policy of our Government.
Howard University is an exception which
ought to be made a rule. One result of the
bureau has been the establishment of a Bureau
of Education. It is confined, it is true, in the
scope ofits action, but the movement is iti the
right direction. It is to be hoped that subse-
quent legislation will enlarge its sphere.
The bill introduced by my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Hoar] strikes the key-note of
reform in educational matters, and I hope will
receive the earnest attention of members of
the House and of the country. Education
should be made national and not a matter of
local concern. While we are prosecuting a sys-
tem of internal improvement, and constantly
opening up new mines of material wealth, wo
permit the great fields of mental culture, the
domain of thought and intellect, the founda-
tion of the nations affluence, power, influence,
and prosperity, to lie fallow and neglected.
This is essentially wrong. It checkers our
country with customs of thought as diversified
as is the interest, the habits, the prejudices, or
advaneementofthc different localities. That it
will be reformed I firmly believe. That the
bureau has become the leader in this reform
is as certain as that the bureau exists.
Under charges fourteen and fifteen there
is testimony in reference to certain buildings
erected on sqiAres numbered C40, 1054, and
1055 in this city. To explain the whole mat-
ter would require longer time than is allowed
me. Suffice it to say, the purchase of the
laud and building of the houses were fully au-
thorized by law; the property is in the hands
of trustees, the proceeds are used for purposes
for which the bureau was created, and that Gen-
eral Howard has not been, and is not in any-
wise, benefited thereby. There is also evi-
dence of a loss of some two thousand dollars'
worth of sand by the negligence of an employ6
of the assistantcommissioner, Charles H. How-
ard, but the proof clearly shows that the loss
was not known to General 0. 0. Howard until
too late to remedy, and, then he ordered the
discharge of the delinquent at. once. An
attempt to show fraud in the offices of the
bureau South was made, but the evidence is
vague and uncertain, and nothing could be
shown to connect General Howard with it.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have but a,
few remarks to make. The Government of
Gteat Britain, some forty years ago, emanci-
pated all slaves held in their colonies. The
expense to that Government, in actual outlay,
was over one hundred million dollars. The
result of emancipation was utterly disastrous.
The slave himself was only benefited so far as
it is always better to be a freeman than it is
to be a bondsman. Not stimulated to exer-
tion, enterprise, or education, the slaves of the
British West Indies became a brutish, lazy,
shiftless, and worthless population. The loss
in the agricultural produce of those islands
can be counted by hundreds of millions of
dollars.
The Government of Prance, in 1794, decreed
freedom throughout her territories, but so dis-
astrous was the effect that seven years after-
ward she solemnly decreed slavery over the
very territory she had previously enfranchised.
The United States suddenly enfranchised
some four million slaves. Congress devoted
$13,000,000, less than one seventh of the
amount paid by Great Britain, to the advance-
ment of the colored people of the South. By
the wise and judicious system of advice, exhort-
ation, and enforcement adopted by the bu-
reau, in cooperation with charitable associa-
tions throughout the country, these people
were turned into the fields of labor open to
them, and are now become a frugal, whole-
some, and industrious population. They seize
upon facilities for education with an avidity
perfectly marvelous. Old men attend the night-
schools, children flock to the day-schools.
For five hundred years and more have the
dominant races of the world been struggling
to their present height of civilization; scarce
one hundredth part of that time has elapsed
sines the colored people of America were in-
volved in slavery tenfold more degrading than
the serfdom of our ancestry five centuries
ago; and yet to-day we find representatives
of their race in every branch of the arts,
sciences, literature, and learning of our ad-
vanced civilization. Pauperism among them
is unknown. _ There is not a beggar in all my
district, and it contains twenty counties. Since
the closo of the war the money value of the
annual agricultural produce of the South has
averaged fifty per cent, more than the largest
yield ever known previous to the rebellion;
and last year these people added $240,000,000
to the wealth of the country. Sir, I ask that
these facts be contrasted with the results of
emancipation in the French and English col-
onies, and in the light of that contrast I sub-
mit this ease should be judged.
Charges against General 0. 0. Howard.
REMAliKS OF HON. C. M. HAMILTON,
OK ilorida,
Is the House of Bepresentatives,
March 3, 1871,
On tho report of tho committee charged with the
investigation of tlie charges preferred against
General 0. 0. Howard.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, it would
not be possible foe the tersest speaker in tho
most compendious argument to fully and fairly
present to the House the result of what is known
as the Howard investigation in double the length
of time allotted for its consideration.
In the several minutes, therefore, allowed me
out of the meager two hours, for which I am
much indebted to my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Towxsexd,] I do not know
that I can better serve a good purpose than by
presenting the impression which, as the trial
progressed, grew into a painful conviction in
my minu, stsamemberofthecoramitteecharged
with the investigation of the accusations pre-
ferred against General Howard by the honor-
able gentleman ou my left, [Mr. Wood,] of
the object of the attack and the character of
the investigation.
The charges, the testimony, and the facts
are before you in an impartial, full, and ex-
haustive report of the majority, signed by eight
of the ten members of the committee. With
no purpose to reflect in the slightest degree
upon ray honorable colleagues on the commit-
tee, I deem it but proper, if not necessary, to
state that the province and prerogative im-
posed by the House upon the committee "to
investigate all the charges therein [in the
statement of Mr. Wood] contained," were, in
a great measure, surrendered by the commit-
tee into the hands of counsel retained by the
respective parties interested, whose issue was
joined and examination conducted before, but
not really by, the committee. The "investi-
gation," consequently and inevitably, thus
assumed the character of a prosecution on the
part of the distinguished member from New
York [Mr. Wood] on the one hand, and of a
defense on the part of that Christian soldier,
General Howard, on the other.
That this " investigation " became a prose-
cution of the most relentless, vindictive, and
partisan character, I need but bring to the
proof not only the animus of the prosecu-
tion exhibited on almost every one of five hun-
dred and forty-nine pages of the report in my
hand, which is in the possession of every mem-
ber of the House, but also by the distinct
announcement of that fact by the minority
of the committee itself, in their mischievous,
malicious, and unwarrantable report, in the
following unmistakable language, to wit:
" That the party which employed this bureau as an
effective and valuable partisan agency should now
hesitate to bring its agents to the bar of public judg-
inont for their frauds and evil deeds, and should put
obstacles in the way of thoso who desire to elicit
tho truth, is perhaps not a matter of great surprise.
They, at least, did the party work well for which they
were employed, and their peculations must now bo
covered up or winked at. But these evasions will
not longer satisiy an indignant public. The people
are tired ot being plundered to keep any party in
power ; and those who have robbed the people of
their hard earnings, and, in tho name of humanity
and Christian philanthropy,have firstmisled, duped,
and debauched, and then swindled the ignorant
negroes whom they protended to befriend, cannot
always escape a just retribution for their hypocrisy
and their crimes.
" With these comments we commit to the House and
tn tho country our views of the operations of tho
Freedmen's Bureau, which the majority of the com-
mittee has permitted to come before us in the way
of public documents, andsuch testimony of witnesses
as were produced.
"A generous and grateful people will thank Hon.
Fernando Wood for his single-handed and gal-
lant attack upon the abuses and corruptions of the
ireedmen's Bureau, of which they have so long
complained, and which has been so successfully made
in this investigation. Wc submit for consideration
the following resolution, and ask its adoption."
Indeed, Mr. Speaker, "they (tho minority)
at least did their party work well, for which
they were employed," and their partisan pur-
poseand political gerrymandering "must now
be covered up and winked at," at the desper-
ate expense ot the exalted reputation of a
man than whom few if any in the land are
more righteous, zealous, brave; who justly
stands high in his country's confidence and
esteem, and whose Christian character, wis-
dom, honesty, and ability in his faithful ad-
ministration of the great trust of the Freed-
men's Bureau shine as lustrously as the glory
he won 011 the heights of Gettysburg, both of
which have come forth from the Democratic
furnace of this wanton persecution in the in-
terest of a corrupt party organization brighter
than ever before.
Now for the resolution reported by this just,
Christian-spirited, disinterested, aud charitable
minority:
.1" That a copy of tho testimony taken by
the Committee on Education and Labor, in the
investigation ot the charges mide by Hon. Fer-
nando Wood, of New Yoik, against Majoi General
Oliver O. Howard, be reiened to the Secretary of
