1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Southern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Harris.
Ho. <y$ Reps.
War, with directions to order a court-martial for the
trial of said Howard upon the charges so made."
Sir, that monstrous resolution, when read at
the Clerk's desk at the close of the last session,
fell like a thunderbolt upon the ears of the
country. Though it mystified, it did not wholly
surprise me. I expected it. It followed the
premises of the spirit of the prosecution with
syllogistical consistency. One word and I have
done. That the judgment of the minority is
utterly un warranted by the facts elicited, unjust,
cruel, and outrageous, is as true as the other
fact that not a single charge was sustained
where criminality attached, and that the honest,
patient defense was but two days in refuting
the prosecution's fifty-eight persecutions.
Southern Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. G. E. HARRIS,
OP MISSISSIPPI,
In the House oj? Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the bill (S. No. 687) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the con-
struction of its road, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, the construc-
tion of a transcontinental railway is no trivial
matter, but a question of sufficient magnitude
to commend itself to the due and just consid-
eration of every lover of progress, and to in-
voke the aid and support of the Government,
and to excite a spirit of enterprise in all who
look to the ultimate prosperity of the country.
It is an enterprise which, if properly nurtured
and cared for, must eventually establish new
Slates in the West, open up the bosom of the
forest into broad fields of cultivation, penetrate
the regions of the South, heretofore almost
unexplored, develop the vast resources of an
extended territory, from which grand effects
will be the unavoidable result.
To invoke the aid of the Government in fos-
tering enterprises of this character is no new
theme, nor is the opposition to land grants
anything new in party tactics ; and whatever
clamor we hear in the shape of denunciation
and blood-and-thunder resolutions emanating
from political parties, we only recognize in
them the ring of the same metal that has lulled
lis to apathy and indifference in other days.
All political parties in certain localities will,
where political advantage is to be gained by it,
array themselves against the reckless policy
of land grants and make it the broadest plank
in theirplatform ; but too well, sir, do we know
that these platforms are erected more for the
use of a political canvass than for an official
administration. Our constituents frequently
grow very curious to know why there is such
a striking difference between the doctrines of
a party canvass and the policy of an Adminis-
tration, and this finds its solution only in the
warning written on the door of the railway car,
thus : " It is dangerous to stand on the plat-
form when the cars are in motion."
At an early day in the history of this coun-
try the construction of roads was regarded
as a matter of sufficient importance to invoke
the aid and receive the support and foster-
ing care of the General Government, and
roads, loo. the importance of which sinks into
insignificance when compared with that pro-
posed by the ■ bill under consideration. The
construction of the national road from Balti-
more to St. Louis was regarded as, and then
really was, a great enterprise, and although
not completed its whole length it contributed
very largely to the rapid settlement and conse
quent development of the then great West.
And in aid of that enterprise appropriations
were made directly from the United States
Treasury. Yet gentlemen1 tell us that this
appropriation was upon a very different policy;
it did not "give away the public domain."
Then they would sell the public lands and give
away the money and there is "nobody hurt."
The invention af the locomotive and the iron
rail caused the abandonment of that road by
the General Government, and it is now a road
of mere local convenience.
It will be conceded by all that there must
and will be three great lines.of railway to the
Paoifie ocean.
In accordance with the policy adopted and
inaugurated iu the construction of the national
road, the General Government has, in the same
spirit of liberality, rendered material aid in the
construction of the roads on two great routes,
the northern and the central Pacific routes,
and it is now proposed by the bill under con-
sideration to give the same aid to a road on
the thirty-second parallel which has been given
to the roads on the northern and central
routes.
Shall this bill find opponents in the gentle-
men who gave their support to the other two
routes, and voted for large land subsidies to
the same? I hope not. No argument need be
made that this ought to be done, in justice to
the South and southwestern portion of the
country.
A railway on the contemplated route will
open up to settlement a large portion of that
vast western country heretofore the most inac-
cessible from almost every point, with the
western terminus at San Diego on the Pacific,
than which there is probably no better point
for a port of entry, runniug thence through the
southern counties of New Mexico, Arizona,
and California, and into Texas, opening up
not only a vast region of country and develop-
ingits resources, but at the same time furnish-
ing a most convenient market for its varied
products. That portion of Texas through
which it will pass is ndt surpassed in richness
of soil aiid salubrity of climate by any other
portion of our extended country.
That portion of country through which it
will pass, west of Texas, is not likely to ever
be settled, in consequence of its inaccessibility.
An evidence of this is the fact that although
over three million acres of public land have
been surveyed in New Mexico alone, and
yet, at a recent date, not five hundred acres
had been sold, and the same fact exists to
some extent in portions of Arizona and Cali-
fornia ; and each of these Territories, in addi-
tion to its mineral deposits, contains many
thousand acres of rich agricultural lands.
In a recent letter to the War Department,
General Halleck expresses the opinion that
Arizona is much more valuable as an agricul-
tural country than for mining, rich as may be
her mineral deposits.
The,comtiiissioners who surveyed the bound-
ary line between Mexico and the United States
say in their report that, the country in the val-
ley of the Rio Grande and other rivers sur-
passes all other countries in the production
of the grape. The same may be said of the
western portion of Texas and west of the
Texas line. Open this country up to the vast
influx of emigration from the vine-growing
countries of Europe, and ere long it is destined
to become the great wine-mart of the world,
and furnish an agricultural pursuit hitherto but
little known on this continent. Itwillopenup
a new field of labor, thus diversifying our agri-
cultural interests and inviting a new class of
immigrants from the Old World.
This road will pass near the boundary line
of the Mexican State of Sonora, which is said
to be rich in minerals and agricultural and
pastoral productions, many parts of it com-
paring quite favorably with any portion of the
blue grass region of Kentucky. Open this
up, and we furnish a rival in the great hay
market of the world.
With an eastern terminus at or near Mar-
shall, Texas, on the thirty-second parallel, and
branches thence to Cairo and connections
north and east to Memphis, Tennessee; and
connections through Alabama,. Georgia, and
to the Atlantie; to Vicksburg, Mississippi; and
connections through Alabama, Florida, and to
the Gulf; to Camden, Arkansas, and to the
Crescent city, the products of the East, West,
North, and South will be brought together in
one great market: the North, with her man-
ufacturing interests, South Carolina with her
rice, Louisiana with her sugar, the far West
with her minerals, grasses, and grapes, Texas
with her cotton, beef-cattle, and Indian ponies;
and last, but not least, comes the great valley
of the Mississippi, the Mississippi-Yazoo delta,
which, when properly leveed and reclaimed,
will open up a country equal to that along the
Nile, throwing open to settlement and cultiva-
tion millions of acres of land capable of pro-
ducing a bale of cotton per acre. Let us have
all these varied interests vying with each other
in the same great mart. It will connect us
with everywhere, and we will have all out-
doors running right by us, thus hastening the
event which '"manifest destiny has proclaimed
inevitable."
Again, when we look to the fact that those
Mexican States must at no distant day become
American States, this road becomes doubly
important, that they may fill their destiny as
component parts of the great confederation
of States. The only objection that can be
urged is to the land grant asked in aid of the
construction of this road. Sweeping and lib-
eral subsidies in the way of land grants have
been made from time to time to aid in the
construction of the roads on the northern and
central routes, as well as to other roads les3
in extent and importance; and now, sir, I
insist that it would be a cruel hardship and an
unmerited disappointment, yea, unjust and
ungracious, to refuse to extend the same lib-
eral policy to the construction of the southern
route.
Aside from all this, however, as a matter of
speculation ou the part of the Government, it
ought to be made, instead of a subsidy from
the Government to the road, a subsidy on the
part of the road to the Government, inasmuch
as it will render Valuable a vast area of Gov-
ernment land heretofore entirely worthless.
Lands without population are of no value
whatever to the Government, but when popu-
lated and properly cultivated they add to the
wealth, the grandeur, and the material pros-
perity of the nation. Then why should not
the Congress of the United States continue a
policy which is so admirably calculated in its
nature to produce such desirable results? It
is inevitable that the construction of this rail-
way will people and improve these lands,
make them valuable, and millions of dollars
will find their way into the Treasury that
otherwise never would have reached it.
The gentleman from Nevada, in a speech on
this floor last session, in advocating the claims
of the Northern Pacific railroad, gave to this
Housethe importautstatistical information that
the States east of the Mississippi river contain
about seven eighths of the population and not
more than one twentieth part ot the public
lands, and that the States and Territories west
of the Mississippi river contain ouly one eighth
of the inhabitants and fully nineteen twentieths
of the public lauds. And this fact becomes the
more important in the consideration of this
question when we look t,o the further fact that
most of the public lands disposed of bj' the
Government heretofore have been in sections
of the West penetrated by the different lines
of railway.
The statement from the pen of Mr. Mans-
field, of Ohio, to the New York Times, is quite
instructive in relation to the public domain,
and commends itself to the consideration of
