1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
4 1st Cong....3d Skss.
National Education—Mr. Doclcery.
Ho. of Reps.
required of her by public sentiment in the
organization of common schools for the ben-
efit, of her sons. This demand is just, and is
cheerfully conceded and must be fully met.
Yet, Mr.' Speaker, bear in mind the results
of the war in the impoverishment of the coun-
try by the liberation of the slave, in his ele-
vation to.citizenship, in the urgent and press-
ing necessity of immediate attention to his
educational wants, entailing oppressive bur-
dens upon a few property-holders without ad-
equate means at best to lookafterthe interests
of their own household, much less the mental
training of the children of their late slaves.
1 repeat it, they are unable to accomplish,
however willing they may be to undertake this
work. Four millions of human beings are by
law enfranchised. Yesterday slaves, worth
thousands of millions of dollars, to-day freed-
men. Y esterday chattels, to be bought and sold,
to-day American citizens—poor, penniless;
yet, for the safety of society and their own
well-being, to be educated'with all the rights
and privileges of the proudest of the land.
This is certainly a remarkable event, anomalous
in its character and unprecedented in history,
and most assuredly entails upon the_ Govern-
ment grave responsibilities, which it should
meet, and meet manfully and promptly. Per-
haps all the rights of a political and civil char-
acter necessary to the individual happiness of
these wards of the Government have already
been conferred, both by legislative enactment
and amendment to our organic law; but, in
order to a correct appreciation of these inesti-
mable privileges, the Government should go a
step further, and afford that aid to educational
improvement which the welfare of the new
voter demands.
Ours is a Government of the people, made
by and for the people,, and must partake neces-
sarily, in its elementary and representative
capacity, of the habits, desires, and character of
the people ; hence, the absolute importance of
well-directed legislation, looking not only to
the protection of life and property, and rights
political and civil, but to the free and generous
bestowal of educational advantages essential
to intelligent citizenship. In despotic Gov-
ernments this precaution is perhaps unneces-
sary, for the people are but automatons, and
are subject in both person and property to the
whim and greed of their rulers; but with us the
rulers are but public servants, and must respect
the ties of humanity, the regards of fellow-
feeling, in the rendition of their stewardship
to the people, the sovereign source of all au-
thority. The ballot-box is with us the sure
index' of public sentiment and the stay and
support of our liberties, judiciously guarded
and intelligently used, or the medium, wantonly
robbed of its beauty and power, by which this
grand fabric must topple and fall. Peculiarly
American in its characteristics, this valued
right should be securely hedged in with intel-
ligent consideration and thoughtful reflection.
How, Mr. Speaker, are we to effect these
desired ends? The universal answer to this
important query is, by a general diffusion of
knowledge among the masses of our people
of every color and race. Then, the practical
question presented for our consideration is the
mode of its accomplishment.
The bill under review is to me objectionable
in many points. In the first place, it undertakes
to do too much, and from the very nature of
things must fail. It essays the establishment
of a mammoth school system for thirty-seven
States, with great diversity of climate, hetero-
geneousness of character, and divergence of
inierest; a people of every creed, of every color,
and of every shade of thought. This project,
however handsome in speculation and fruitful
of rhetoric, is to my mind impracticable, in-
cumbered, as it necessarily must be, with em-
barrassing complications, political differences,
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 16.
and local prejudices. By this bill the Presi-
dent is vested with almost unlimited power in
the number aud character of his appointees,
and a patronage which in influence clothes him
with omnipotent authority, not only conflict-
ing but dangerous in the extreme as sucessive
Administrations, perhaps ofcontrariety of polit-
ical views, come into power. Why, sir, this
bill is so minutely framed as to clothe him and
his superintendents with untrammeled permis-
sion, yea, a positive injunction, to designate
the text-books even to be used in these schools,
by which any sentiment of politics or tenet of
religion can be fundamentally and authorita-
tively implanted in the minds and hearts of
the future generations which are successively
to control the destinies of our country.
'But, sir, in addition to this unnecessary ex-
ercise of power, the system and extent of tax-
ation is likewise objectionable. In some of
the States, enriched by the war, this objection
may be of no force; but with us of the South,
ruined by the war, yet heavily burdened with
individual indebtedness and the weighty taxes
necessarily incidental to a reorganization of our
State governments, the people are entirely un-
prepared for the payment of such huge sums
of money, and its exaction would be oppress-
ive in the extreme. Ages of toil are necessary
to recuperate her desolated fields and regain
her once proud condition of abundance and
splendor.
Then, sir, in view of the surroundings, I pro-
pose a substitute for the bill of the committee,
whicfc donates for common-school purposes,
and "for no other use or purpose whatsoever,"
a quantity of land, to be apportioned to each
State, equal to seventy-five thousand acres for
each Senator and Representative in Congress
under the apportionment of 1860. This bill
is predicated mainly on the act of Congress
entitled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862,
and is subject to the same conditions and pro-
visions as that act. The advantages resulting
from that magnificent donation of this trust
fund have in many of the States been marked
and positive, and whether viewed in the light
of benevolence or as a matter of right, must
ever command the admiration of our people,
and will inevitably, in the development of our
resources, in the stimulation of our product-
ive wealth, return an incalculable interest into
the nation's coffers.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, it will be observed,
recognizes all the guarantees necessary for the
protection of the growth and development of
the new States in which these lands lie, inter-
dicting the location of any of this scrip upon
mineral lands; contains also a limitation of
amount subject to location in each State, and,
furthermore, withholds the right of location
until the lapse of one year from the passage
of the act.
The fourth, however, is the material section,
which defines and prescribes the regulations
controlling this fund. In the first place, all
moneys thus derived shall be "invested in
stocks of the United States, or of the States,
or some other safe stocks, yielding not less
than five per cent, upon the par value of said
stocks, and that the moneys so invested shall
constitute a perpetual fund, the capital of
which shall remain forever undiminished, and
the interest thereon shall be inviolably appro-
priated by each State to the endowment, sup-
port, and maintenance'' of common schools
throughout our borders, "in such manner as
the Legislatures of the States may respectively
prescribe.''
This, sir, is a grand object, yet simple; a
commendable project, yet feasible and com-
prehensible, and withal economical. lne
Government of its abundance grants to the
States, many of them poor and dependent,
these lands, approximating twenty-five million
acres, for t.he most laudable purpose, which is
in itself a means of protection to the Govern-
ment, as well as of incalculable benefit to the
citizen. The whole subject of education under
this bill is left to the States, where it rightfully
belongs, in the organization, classification, and
general arrangement, as each may for itself
determine, suiting the details thereof to thfe
habits, temperament, will, and inclination of
the people; with no complicated machinery
of disjointed parts, or incongruous provisions
of doubtful propriety; with no new-fangled
schemes of uncertain utility, or rickety con-
cern of short duration; but schools perma-
nently established, with a permanent endow-
ment fund safely invested and economically
administered, independent of the fluctuations
of trade, uncertainties of business, and strin-
gency or easiness of the money market; hence
in its supply uniform and regular, adapted to
the wants of the people, simple and acceptable
to all.
Mr. Speaker, with much propriety can the
old States demand consideration at our hands.
At the close of "the revolutionary war, with a
view to harmony and conciliation, these public
lands of great value were voluntarily and with-
out compensation ceded to the General Govern-
ment for the " common use and benefit " of all
the States, to prevent sectional jealousies, par-
alyzing divisions, and an alarming discontent,
threatening our national unity and internal
concord. These States were then rich in soil
and extent of territory, but preferred a com-
mon country and a common flag to dismem-
bered States, with dissensions, controversies,
and strifes. Freely and fully they made the
sacrifice, and gladly have they welcomed State
after State into the Federal Union, now com-
posed of thirty-seven States, mainly the fruits
of that patrimony so generously bestowed as a
peace-offering on the altar of our country.
With the new States the Government has_ been
extremely liberal—and properly, too—in its
grants of lands, which have secured immigra-
tion, invited the capitalist, and stimulated in;
dustry. Large grants have already been made
in them all for educational purposes. All of
the older landed States are entitled to the six-
teenth section in each township, which is the
thirty-sixth part of the entire area of those
States. The newer land States receive, I
believe, the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sep-
tions, making one eighteenth part of their
entire territory, for school purposes alone,
besides large "quantities for railroads, col-
leges, homesteads, swamp lands, and other
local purposes. These immense grants have
established schools on a magnificently broad
and firm basis, built railroads, dug canals,
developed the country, remedied the evils of
heavy taxes, and rendered the investments
of labor and capital remunerative and satis-
factory. All of this has been with the con-
sent, by the aid of the old States. Now in
turn they ask help, and many of them are
sorely in need of it. Yet under this bill a
pro taia distribution among all the States, the
new and favored included, is provided for.
I find, sir, in the forthcoming report of the
Land Commissioner an elaborate statement of
the location and area of the public domain,
amounting in the. aggregate to the enormous
quantity of 1,307,115,418 acres yet unsurveyed,
and of course unoffered and undisposed of.
Out of this immense territory the small pit-
tance asked for in this bill would be unknowu '
and unfeit, and yet with proper management
what mighty results would inevitably follow !
By this appropriation the foundation of an
educational system may be constituted of grcar.
service to the masses of the people, m a general
diffusion of knowledge, aud which, from the
force of emulation and pride, will ultimately
