242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Morrill.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
lead to a higher order of mental culture, ahigher
seuse of moral obligation and responsibility and
trati.,, By this means you can in the South
restore confidence, encourage the dependent,
stimulate the unconcerned, excite a commend-
able desire of physical and mental vigor, create
a new order of things, resulting in that recon-
struction which is genuine and heartfelt,
founded upon kindness, regard, and love.
Civil Service Reform.
SPEECH OF HON. S. P. MORRILL,
of maine,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1871,
On the bill to secure greater efficiency and prompt-
ness in tho discharge of official duty in the various
Departments of tho Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
a few days since, for the purpose of securing
greater efficiency and promptness in the dis-
charge of official duty in the various Depart-
ments of tlie Government, I introduced the
following bill:
Be it cnactal, dec., That any person who shall, by
himself or Ilia agent, sell or givo any intoxicating
liquor to an employe, clerk, orappointeo m the civil
service, or to any naval or military officer of said
Government, to bo used as a beverage, shall bo
deemed guilty of a crime against tho peaco of society,
and upon conviction thereof shall pay the sum of
$100 tor the first offenso, and for any and every sub-
sequent offense an additional $100, and stand com-
mitted to tho county jail till tho line is paid or ho
shall be discharged by the authority of tho court.
Skc. 2. A nit be it further enacted. That any em-
ploye or cloilt, or civil, naval, or military oOic.cr,
appointed to office by tho Kxerulive or hoads of De-
partments, who shall continuo to use intoxicating
liquors as a beverage, or who shall become at all
intoxicated, or who shall furnish any such liquors
for other officers or employes to drink as a beverage,
shall bo deemed guilty of acrimo ncMinst his Govern-
ment, and upon conviction thereof ho or they shall
boniiimnnrily discharged from such position or office,
and rhall not bo reinstated to any official appoint-
ment or roocivo any salary from tho Government for
tho spaco of two years.
I regret that, the committee could not see its
way clear to make a favorable report with a
recommendation to this House to enact into
law n bill calculated lo accomplish so much
good lor this nation. No individuals or party
will be held responsible for the-sentiments in-
culcated in the bill or in the remarks which fol-
low, except its author. I most heartily wish
the members of this legislative body would
allow, by unanimous consent, the bill to be
put upon its passage. It would give me more
personal satisfaction to record my vote in its
favor than any vote which I have given since
1 have been a member of this honorable body.
The special purpose of introducing this bill
was to bring to the attention of Congress and
the people of this conntry something practi-
cally benefie al to the civil service as well as
to the service performed by other officers of
the Government. I had listened to the many
suggestions made in this House, as well as
from honorable Senators relative to measures
■which were necessary for reform.
One honorable Senator, if I mistake not,
wished to add pains and penalties for the act
of any Senator or Representative for recom-
mending applicants for positions in the civil
service unasked by the appointing power. His
proposition, if understood, is simply this: if
the President or heads of Departments shall
call upon honorable gentlemen to nominate
persons for certain positions, they may recom
mend such as their tastes or friendship shall
dictate, and when others, perhaps more de-
serving, shall make application for assistance
they can at once be silenced by simply saying
" It is unlawful for me to recommend any per-
son for such position." This, you will per-
ceive, is a cheap way to dodge responsibility.
This might b® a relief to Senators and Rep-
resentatives but an outrage upon honest, de-
serving applicants who have an equal claim
upon the offices and emoluments of the Gov-
ernment with their fellow-citizens.
There is another bill before the House, drawn
by ray honorable friend from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes,] recommending nine gentlemen
for examiners of all applicants for position
and office, the country to be divided into dis-
tricts, and these officials to notify the people
and hold examination meetings in their various
districts as courts are now held, with power to
recommend to favorable consideration such
as in their judgment shall be deemed fit and
properforthe civil service. This isa beautiful
piece of machinery. It would work to a charm
for the party in power, both in the creation of
nine valuable offices and in taking special care
of the friends of the examining officers and
those who might be nearest to the ear of those
holding the appointing power. These nine
offices would be coveted with as much zeal as
the office of collector of customs of the city
of New York, and might prove about as lucra-
tive. The probable result of such a scheme
would be a large expense with tendency to
fraud and a general cultivation of office-seek-
ing, which at this time is entirely unnecessary.
Another scheme is to leave the matter in
the hands of the President to appoint exam-
iners or to do anything else that he may be
pleased to do. This may be very well ; but
what is the necessity? Are not the heads of
the various Departments better prepared to
properly determine the requisite qualiiieaflbns
of their Clerical force than any other set of men
can be? If they have not the leisure, they can
easily appoint persons in the office thoroughly
competent, who can make the necessary ex-
aminations. Then, afier the indispensable
literary attainments are ascertained to be pos-
sessed by the applicant, the party must still
have the practical experience in order to prove
his adaptation to the w'ork to be performed.
Let men have a fair and not a farcical exam-
ination by a competent board from the Depart-
ment, followed with practical experience for
a few weeks, and you have all that you require
and in the cheapest and most feasible manner,
so far as qualifications and adaptation are re-
quired. With the passage and enforcement
of the bill now under consideration, this sys-
tem would be as near perfection as any civil
service can well be.
The most detrimental evil which afflicts the
clerical force and the officers of the Govern-
ment is the habit of using intoxicating liquors.
I can say with deliberation and full faith, that
nine tenths of all inefficiency, incompetency,
failures, and frauds, that occur in the discharge
of official duty by those in the employ of the
Government can be directly traced to the
intemperate habits of the officials. My recol-
lection and observation confirm this statement
in all its bearings, and if necessary I can bring
before the civil service committee an amount
of testimony upon this point perfectly over-
whelming. And though I am happy to admit
that there has been improvement in the habits
of the clerical force, respecting the use of stim-
ulants, yet there is much room still for further
reform. Business is neglected; labor of officers
is lost; frauds and thefts are perpetrated,
through and by officials who become more or
less intoxicated. The fact is, that the loss to
the Government is only known by millions, in
allowing this pernicious habit to continue. Am
I not correct when I state that that creature
who stole the bonds from the Treasury a few
years since was one who loved and drank
whisky? And I believe it will be found that
nine tenths of all the unfaithful officers of the
Government have had a passion for strong
drink. I might particularize in many eases;
but if I did so, there would be time for little
else.
"When I introduced this bill I did not ex-
pect it would rouse the ire of anybody or set
of men, though I well knew that hundreds of
millions of dollars are invested within the
United States, in the manufacture and sale of
whisky and other strong drinks, and that
thousands are engaged reaping the pecuniary
fruits of the direful trade. But judging from
the newspapers and the articles therein from
editors and correspondents, one might think
that I had taken hold of the very pillars of
the Government, and that the whole political
fabric was about to be dashed to atoms!
The vituperations, slurs, and sarcasm of
the whisky-loving gentry have, however, no
terrors for me, when I am conscious that I
am pursuing the right path, and showing to
the country the desolating effects of whisky-
drinking and whisky-selling upon the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, when we go back over a period of ten
short years, and ask what have been the effects
of alcoholic drinks upon this nation, my blood
feels as though it was boiling hot and my heart
throbs with the deepest emotion.
A few days since I was conversing with a
gentleman who was formerly a general in the
Army, who deliberately stated to me that not
less than one hundred thousand of our brave
men perished during the war in consequence
of the drunkenness of the officers command-
ing them. If this estimate seems too large,
reduce it one half; call the loss fifty thousand,
and what a terrible tale! what a damning dis-
grace! and what judgment is to be meted out
to those who caused such slaughter? Add to
this a loss of property by the same cause of
not less than five hundred million dollars, and
you have a picture that beggars description ;
and this, too, in only one of the many branches
of the public service. My heart sickens at the
recital, and I would if I could draw a veil over
the awful infamy that attaches to the guilty
parties. May 1 not ask, in view of this, and
in view of the fact that what has been may be
repeated, if it is not wisdom, and even states-
manship, to enact a law that shall forever pre-
vent the recurrence of such a calamity?
We all know that official life at the present
time presents great temptation to intemper-
ance. Association and the idleness which
official life sometimes permits are great abet-
tors to intemperate habits which a little judi-
cious legislation would at once tend to correct.
Mr. Speaker, I wish at this point of my
remarks to call attention to thearticles of some
of the principal newspapers of New England
as well as other parts of the country. The
Clerk will read the following from the Boston
Post, February 8d:
" It is not strange that douhts of tho sanity of Mr.
Morrill, of Maine,_ follow the introduction of bis
astounding bill making it a penal offense to sell or
give intoxicating liquors, 'to be used as a bever-
age,' to any civil, military, or naval officer of the
Government. Mr. Morrill has evidently become
affected with a moral delirium quite as unsettling to
his mind as that produced by the alcoholic fluids
whose use he proscribes. No doubt Mr. Morrill sees
many frightful exa.mples of the terrible effect of
'the cup' in the high official circles in which he
moves, but he should reflect that whisky and politics
are inseparably connected, and that to shut off tho
former would be to inflict upon the latter a blow
incalculably more severe than that aimed by all tho
civil service reform bills a dozen Congresses might
produce. Mr. Morrill's proposition is so vastly
ridiculous that it can be ascribed only to insanity,
let us hope of the temporary sort. If sane, he pro-
poses an immediate extinction of tho Government,
tor his bill provides for the immediate removal of
all employes and officers of tho Government who
'continue to use inroxicatmg liquors.' The day
after its passage, the member from Maine would be
left alone, the only man legally qualified to run tho
Government in all its Departments. It must, be,
as the New York Herald remarks, that Mr. Mor-
rill has parted with hissenses, and his friends must
lose no time in taking the steps which the law pro-
vides for distressed families on such melancholy
occasions."
The Boston Post is the mouth piece of the
Democracy for New England, and probably no
