Ui
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March. 3,
Ho. of Beps.
Neio Mexico Enabling Act—Mr. Chaves.
41sx Cong....3d Sess.
normal condition of any man, taken even in
small quantities. The very nature of it is to
affect the brain. Men drink it only for that
purpose. All know how changeable are the
feelings andconduetof whisky drinkers, some-
times so sillythat they are disgusting; at other
times so cross and unmanly that you feel that
they are more like tigers than like human
beings. It. is the invariable testimony of the
best physicians in the world that alcohol is
a poison and that its constant use produces
insanity and death. To confirm what 1 have
just said about the evil effect of alcohol I will
have read an article from a late number of a
paper in this city, the Washington Chronicle,
January 27:
The care of in^briata*.—It is clear to tho minds of
those who have given the subject duo reflection
that specific legislation relative to drunkenness is
one ot the necessities of the country. Thousands
of inebriates die every yoar solely from the effects
of drink who might bo saved from doath if a help-
ing hand were extended them by the laws. Medical
men are well aware that habitual indulgence in
intoxicating liquors H equivalent to positive dis-
ease and should be treated as such, and wo are glad
that public sentiment is becoming more confirmed
in the belief that Ihe ritato should take eugni/.aneo
of drunkenness and treat it the s.ime as ordinary
oases ot insanity, aspecies of which it undoubtedly is.
As :m evidence of the attention this subject is
receiving it may be stated that tho Legislature of
Ohio has just passed a law providing for tho ap-
pointment of guardians over drunkards who nro
wasting their property and likely to beoomo a pub-
lie charge. On complaint to the courts, and tho
furnishing of proper evidence that tho incbiiato
needs such control, a guui-duui will bo set over tile
party with powers equivalent to those ot tho guard-
ian of a minor, and will retain Iih position until the
reformation of his ward shall render his watchful-
ness needless.
Other Estateshavosimilar enactments in forcc, and
in every ease the results nave been peculiarly grati-
fying. Thousands have been reclaimed and nisulo
reputable members ot soeioty who would otherwise
have bioughtsuli'oringand disgraco upon their fami-
lies and gouedowu to drunkards' graves.
"Tho commissioners recently appointed in Massa-
chusetts to consider the expediency of establishing
an incbiiato asylum in that Btote loport strongly in
in vor of such project, anil give some startling stal is-
tics relative to diunkcnuess. They estimate tli.it.
there are six hundred thousand drunkards in tho
United States, and t hut of this number tell per cent.
die every year, their idleness and death involving
an immense loss lo Ihe productive mteiests of the
couillo • The commissioners nro of opinion that tho
average cost of reclaiming en in ohi into does not ex-
ceed fifty dolbil's. They theielore recommend that
State aid be extended the as>lum in ifostoii now m
process of erection, and thutall inebriates be spe-
cially treated for drunkenness. Tho subject is one
of vast, importance, ami wo rejoice to see that it is
receiving mere and moie attention yearly.
Here we have many points of interest pre-
sented. One is the poisonous effects of alco-
hol. The constant use of it produces insanity.
Legislation necessary for prevention and cure
of inebriates! What a commentary upon the
legislation of this country 1 License grog-shops
to make drunkards, and then create inebriate
asylums to cure them. What a liberty-loving
people we arc 1
The policy which T would pursue relative to
this matter is to slop manufacturing drunkards.
Let us not compete any longer with foreign
manufacturers of this article. Heaven save us
from the necessity of building inebriate asy-
lums! The old adage, " an ounce of preven-
tion is better than a pound of cure," never had
a more forcible application than in the pre-
vention of drunkard-making. The Government
cannot be true to itself or to its officers unless
it do all it can to save them from such terrible
results.
With what special force does this apply to
■ the officers of the Army and of the Navy ; men
educated by the Government and maintained
at the public expense, whether they work or
play, and when age or weakness demands their
retirement from public service they are pen-
sioned in their decrepitude; officers who are
expected to give us honor in their positions;
to whom are committed t he highest trus-th; men
of large influence in forming the character of
those upon whom their mantles shall fall; men
who in a great degree are to reflect the senti-
ments and character of the nation! How
important that these men should be strictly
temperate, and what an infamous insult to the
moral and religious sentiments of this nation
when such men become tipplers, or even mod-
erate drinkers "of alcoholic poisons! Men who
have received such favor and such positions
from the hand of the Government have no
physical, sbcial, political, or moral right to
demoralize and debase themselves with strong
drink.
Poor, bleeding, subjugated France of to-da,y
should teach our officers a lesson of total abstin-
ence from a luxurious and intemperate manner
of life. Here has been her weakness; while,
on the other hand, the small salaries and abste-
mious habits of the officers of the Prussian
army have enabled her to triumph over a
numerically superior force.
SHALL WE LEARN WISDOM 1
Our national prosperity and the perpetuity of
our republican institutions depend in no small
degree upon the strictly temperate habits of the
officers and employes connected with the Gov-
ernment. When we call to mind a well-known
fact, that the most corrupt men work them-
selves to place and power by the free use of
whisky, it is time for tho sober, temperate men
of the nation to demand its ostracization.
One great reason why such a clamor for an
increase of salaries is continually pressed upon
Congress by the clerical and official force of
the Government, ia found in their luxurious and
intemperate habits of life. Dining and wining
arc practices rapidly growing in official circles.
We annually lose the services of large numbers
of men because their intemperate habits unfit
them for duty. The clerical force in all the
Departments is weakened physically as well as
morally by mdulgitigin strong drinks. Intoxi-
cation produces disease andincompetcncy, and,
forsooth, the cmployts and officers are let off
in consequence ofa terrible state of ill-health !
'This is so frequently repeated that it, has become
a subject of remark that if a clerk wishes a
few days or weeks of relief he must get intox-
icated ; then he can get excused for ill-health.
There is no sickness like whisky sickness to
relieve officers from duty. There is such a
sympathy for the poor fellows, unfottunatcly,
they can be easily pardoned—pardoned, or ex-
cused I should say, upon the consideration of
human weakness, and that all are liable to fall.
The habit of whisky or wine drinking among
clerks and officers isterribly destructive. Many
a young man coming to this city and joining in
the festivities that occur is led to destruction
by the intoxicating cup, and that cup pressed
to his lips by officers and clerks occupying a
higher position than himself. I have known
numerous instances where young men have
come to this city, pure in their habits, and
who have made utter shipwreck by reason of
strong drink. I will not occupy this House by
dwelling upon such facts. But I ask Congress
to come to the rescue. Throw around young
officers and public servants a perfect protec-
tion. The right and duty cannot be success-
fully questioned. The good it will do to the
country and the world cannot be estimated.
Let others do as they may; as for myself, I
take my stand in accordance with the views
which 1 have presented. In my future polit-
ical action, as one of the people, I propose to
demand this condition of the civil service and
the same of the officers of this Government;
and I trust that the people of this country
will awake to the importance of this subject.
It will do more to advance the cause of tem-
perance and sobriety than any other measure
proposed for years. I call upon the temper-
ance people of this country to pour in their
petitions for the passage of this law. 1 appeal
to the clergy and to the churches to come for-
ward and with their united voices demand
that they shall henceforth never be insulted
and defrauded by drunken or intemperate pub-
lic servants. " Wine is a mocker, strong drink
is raging; ^nd whoever is deceived thereby
is " a fool.
Sew Mexico Enabling Act.
SPEECH OF HON. J. F. CHAVES,
op new mexico,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the bill to enable the Territory of New Mexico
to form a government previous to her admission
into the Union as a State.
Mr. CHAVES. Mr. Speaker, the people of
the Territory which I have the honor to rep-
resent have been under the authority of the
Government of the United States since 1846.
The acquisition of the Territory which they
inhabit was the fruit of a sanguinary war
between this Government and the republic
of Mexico, which latter was their former sov-
ereign, to which they were attached by the
strongest ties and affection known to the
human heart. Their language, their religion,
their domestic customs, their system of juris-
prudence, the natural beauty and grandeur of
their country, the salubrity and fascinations of
its climate, and the instinctive affection and
affinity of race all combined to seal their
hearts to their native land and bind them to
its sovereign authority. They passed from
the jurisdiction and authority of the repub-
lic of Mexico to those of the United States,
not through their own voluntary choice, but
through the coercion of belligerency.
In an unequal contest with a superior Power,
in what they held and felt to be a just cause,
they were overcome by an irresistible physical
force, and, with hearts saddened by a violent
severance from the sovereign whom they re-
vered and loved, they became subject to the
authority of the United States through the
fortunes of war. However much they may
since have recovered from the shock of that,
sudden and violent transition, however much
the promotion of their political interests and
domestic happiness may have been involved
in that result, it is but natural to conccive that
they yielded to the stern arbitrament of the
sword in passing from the authority of their
former to that of their succeeding sovereign
with feelings of sorrow, reluctance, and dis-
content. While thus sorrowing, reluctant, and
discontented, they were met by the following
proclamation from one of the officers of the
victorious army of the United States, offering
to them protection in all their rights in con-
sideration of their peaceful submission lo the
fortunes of war to which they had been so
painfully subjected:
Proclamation to the citizens of Kew Mexico by
Oofonef Kearny, commanding tho United States
forces.
Tho undersigned enters New Mexico with a large
military force for the purpose of seeking union with
and ameliorating the condition of its inhabitants.
This he does under instructions from his Government,
and with the assurance that ho will be amply sus-
tained in tho accomplishment of this object. It is
enjoined on the citizens of Iveiv Mexico to remain
quietly at their homes and to pursue their peaceful
avocations. So long as they continue in such pur-
suits they will not be interfered with by the Ameii-
can army, but will be respected and protected in
their rights, both civil and religious.
All who take up arms or encourage resistance
against the Government of the United States will be
regarded as enemies, and wift be treated accordingly.
S. w.KEARNY, '
Colonel Urayuuiis.
Camp at Bext's Fort on tue Arkansas.
July .>1,181G.
That proclamation was soon followed by
another, from the same source, promising to
the people of New Mexico, in most specific
terms and in the name of the United States,
the most ample protection of all thpir rights,
