1871.]
APPENDIX TO T3S1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
41st Cong....3d Sess.
New Mexico Enabling Act—Mr. Chaves.
Ho. of Eeps.
guarantying to them the blessings of a free
Government, with the least possible delay, as
a consideration for their peaceful acquiescence
in the inevitable results of the war:
Proclamation to the inhabitants of New Mexico by
Brigadier General S. W. Kearny, commanding the
troops of the United States in the same.
As by the act of the republieof Mexico a state of
war exists betwen that Government and the United
States, and as the undersigned, at the head of his
troops, on the 18th instant took possession of Santa
3?6, the capital of the department of New Mexico, he
now announces his intention to hold the department
with its original boundaries, on both sides of the Del
Norte, as a part of the United States, and under the
name ot' "the Territory of New Mexico."
The undersigned has come to New Mexico with a
stiong military force, and an equally strong one is
following close in his rear. Ho has more troops than
necessary to put down any opposition that can possi-
bly be brought against him. aud therefore it would be
but folly or madness for any dissatisfied or discon-
tented persons to think of resisting him.
The undersigned has instructions from his Govern-
ment to respect the religious institutions of New
Mexico; to protect the property of the church; to
eauso theworshipof those belongingtoitto be undis-
turbed, and their religious rights in the amplest man-
ner preserved to them; also to protect the persons
and property of all quiet and peaeeabic inhabitants
within its boundaries against their enemies, the Ea-
taws, the Navajoes, and others; and when heassures
all that it will be his pleasure as well as his duty to
comply with those instructions, he calls upon them
to exert themselves in preserving order, in promot-
ing concord, and in maintaining the authority and
efficacy of the laws; and he requires of those who
have left their homes and taken up arms against the
troops of the United States to return forthwith to
them, or else they will be considered as enemies and
traitors, subjecting their persons to punishment and
their property to seizure and confiscation for the
benefit of the public Treasury.
It is the wish and intention of the United States
to provide lor New Mexico a free government with
the least possible delay, similar to those in the Uni-
ted States, and the people of New Mexico will then
be called on to exercise the rights of freemen in
electing Their own representatives to the territorial
Legislature. But until this can be done the laws
hitherto in existence will be continued until changed
or modified by competent authority, and those per-
sons holding office wili continue in the same for the
present, provided they will consider themselves good
citizens and willing to take the oath of allegiance
to the United States.
The undersigned hereby absolves all persons resid-
ing within the boundaries of New Mexico irom any
lurther allegiance to the republic of Mexico, and
hereby claims them as citizens of the United States.
Those who remain quiet and peaceable will be con-
sidered good citizens and receive protection; those
who are found in aims, or instigating others against
the United States, will be considered as traitors, and
treated accordingly.
Bon Manuel Annuo, the late governor of this de-
partment, has fled from it. The undersigned has
taken possession of it without firing a gun or spill-
ing a single drop of blood, in which ho most truly
rejoices, and for the present will be considered as
Governor of the Territory.
Given at Santa P6, the capital of the Territory of
New Mexico, this 22d day ot August, 1846, and intlie
seventy-first year of the independence of theUnited
States.
S. W. KEARNY,
Brigadier General, United Slates Army.
By tile Governor:
JUAN BAUTISTA VIGIL Y ALARID.
Official:
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, January 29,1870.
R. WILLIAMS.
Assistant Adjutant General.
The treaty of peace and friendship made by
the Government of the United States with the
republic of Mexico at the close of the war,
known as the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
contains a stipulation in consonance with the
promise of Colonel Kearny in the foregoing
proclamations, to protect the rights of person
aud property of the people of New Mexico.
Yet 1 am sorry to have to say that the history
of the unavenged wrongs, the unalleviated suf-
ferings, and the unrequited losses of those
people at the hands of the Indians who had
infested that country reveal the humiliating
fact that the pledges of the Government of the
United States have been but poorly redeemed.
Again and again have the people there im-
plored the aid of the strong arm of the Gov-
ernment to avert impending outrages, and as
often have they asked a reparation of those
wrongs when inflicted j but their appeals have
fallen in vain upon the ear of the authorities
from whom the remedy was due, and no ade-
quate response has ever been made.
Under their former sovereign, when, their
homes were invaded and their flocks driven
off by their savage foes, they were .permitted
to pursue them into the mountains, recover
their property, and, so far as the resources of
the enemy would allow, to repay themselves
by reprisals upon their depredators. But
under their new sovereign even this poor
privilege is withheld from them, and they have
been compelled to submit in silence and sor-
row to the rapacity of the marauding foe.
The severity of this injustice, the cruelty of
this neglect, the faithlessness of this disregard
of national obligations ; which my people have
so sorely felt, becomes the more apparent and
flagrant in view of the fact that the people of
New Mexico, ever since their fortunes and
their destiny became associated with those of
the people of the United States, have been a
loyal and patriotic people. The bleeding
wound of a rude severance from their native
home and country, with all ita fond and hal-
lowed associations, has gradually healed under
the brightening future of its association with
this great Republic. They have slowly but
surely learned to exchange the natural symbol
of the cactus and the serpent for the brighter
emblem of the stars and stripes ; and they have
every day become more and more devoted to
the great principles which those emblems of
light, union, and power represent.
The strongest and most convincing proof of
fidelity to a principle or a cause is a readiness
to sacrifice lite for its maintenance or perpetu-
ity. Even such proof as that your new-born
fellow-cit.zens of New Mexico have given. In
the late struggle of the Federal Uniou for its
existence they gave indubitable testimony of
their patriotism and fidelity to their adopted
sovereign. When the Texans, in all the bitter-
ness of their animosity to the Federal Union,
invaded our Territory, hoping to find our peo-
ple the ready allies to their traitorous designs,
my constituents rose like one man, with one
voice and one arm, to repel the disloyal invader.
No harangue of persuasion, no words of prom-
ise were needed to marshal them on the side
of the Union. They had already learned its
priceless value. They had already learned that
its great function was to dispense enlightened
civil and religious liberty to- living millions,
and that its illustrious mission was to transmit
those blessings to posterity.
Actuated by those high motives, they rallied
around the flag of their new nationality in the
hour of its peril, and triumphantly sustained
it on the soil of New Mexico against the
vindictive assaults of a nefarious rebellion.
Nor did the proofs of their faithfulness, as.
citizens of the United States, cease with the
flow of blood which proceeded from that san-
guinary struggle. As a residuum of that fear-
ful contest, the burden of a gigantic national
debt fell upon the shoulders of the nation. It
became the duty of New Mexico to bear its
portion of that burden. That task has ever
with promptitude and cordiality been per-
formed, although in many instances under cir-
cumstances that made it grievous aud oppress-
ive. The native people of New Mexico have
been reared and educated in the Spanish lan-
guage, and a large majority of them are total
strangers to the language of their adopted
country. In that strange language they have
had to encounter the revenue laws of the
United States, with their intricacies, obliga-
tions, and penalties. No provision has ever
been made for the printing of those laws in
Spanish, so that the people of New ^Mexico
might comprehend the obligations which they
imposed. They have therefore been to them
like a sealed book, like the laws of Caligula,
a delusion and a snare.
The dockets of the United States courts
have, at every term, been burdened with
indictments against that class of our fellow-
citizens for a violation of those laws, the pro;
visions of which they could not comprehend
because published in a language to them un 
known, and though innocently offending, they
are held to the accountability of vicious crim-
inals, and have to suffer the vindictive punish-
ment of the law. Again and again I have, as
their humble representative, lifted my voice
and exerted my utmost influence in the legis-
lative and executive departments of the Gov-
ernment on their behalf, but have found my
efforts fruitless, and have had to learn with
humiliation that the voice of a Delegate, with-
out a vote to give, has neither a commanding
nor a persuasive tone, and is as fruitless in
useful results as " sounding brass or a tink-
ling cymbal."
My constituents, after a long and patient
endurance of the evils incident to their present
political condition, have at length become
aroused to the, importance and necessity of
a practical and efficient, instead of a mere
nominal representation in the councils of the
nation. They have become sensible of the
injustice and neglect which they suffer in
their territorial dependence, and which they
must continue to endure while that form of
government is maintained over them, 'ihey
see that they have no part in the general
legislation of the country, and only a limited
and subordinate part in that which relates
directly to their own local interests. They
see that their Delegate supplicates in vain
on their behalf, in the various Departments
of the Government. They see that a deaf
ear is turned to his appeals for protection
from the aggressions of the Indians and for
indemnity against their depredations. They
see that he has no voice in the selection of
incumbents for the various Federal offices in
their midst, and that in spite of his remon-
strances men are often selected for those
places who are morally and intellectually unfit
for the performance of their respective duties.
Under the influence of these and other oppress-
ive grievances the people of the Territory of
New.Mexico, while they have not swerved from
the path of loyalty and patriotism, have become
anxious to assume that relation to the Govern-
ment of the United States which will the more
effectually advance their local interests, and
will enable them, through their Senators and
Representatives in Congress, to demand, as a
matter of right, that protection and consider-
ation from the Government which now they
have to solicit as a matter of grace.
The great, essential, aud fundamental prin-
ciple that lies at the foundation of our repub-
lican system of government is that every citi-
zen living under its authority and jurisdiction
shall have the privilege of participating in the
enactment, of its laws and in the selection of
the officers who are to administer them ; and,
when circumstances require a temporary sus-
pension of or deviation from that great ele-
mentary law, the disabilities or privations inci-
dent to that irregular state of things should
come to an end as soon as those circumstances
cea.se to operate. A people living under a
territorial form of government do not enjoy
those high privileges of citizens of the United
States, because they have no part in the enact-
ment of general laws nor in the choice of
national officials to whom their administration
andexecutionareconlided. Suchgovernments,
therefore, though sometimes necessary as a
temporary expedient, are incompatible with
the principles of our republican system, and
should be maintained or tolerated oniy so long
as the necessity or expediency exists.
In view of this great principle 1 have intro-
duced, on behalf of the peop^ of the Territory
of New Mexico, an act to eDable them to change
