246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 3,
Ho. of Reps.
New Mexico Enabling Act—Mr. Chaves.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
their present temporary form of government,
and to enter the Federal Union on an equal
footing with the original States. To your favor-
able consideration of their desire for the pro-
posed change they are entitled not only by the
great principle of representation by which our
political institution are distinguished, but their
claim to such consideration is elevated and
enhanced by a stipulation of a treaty of peace
and friendship between the United States and
republic of Mexico, whereby the territory in-
habited by the people in question, and other
vast and valuable portions of the public domain
were ceded to the authority and jurisdiction of
the United States. The treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, in article nine, contains the following
stipulations :
"Mexicans who, in tho territories aforesaid, shall
not preserve tho character of citizens of the Mexican
republic, conformably with what is stipulated in
tlie_ preceding article shall bo incorporated into tho
Union of tho United States, and be admitted at tho
proper timo (to be judged by tho Congress of the
United States) to the enjoyment ot nil tho rights of
citizens of tiie United States, according to the prin-
ciples of the Constitution."
This stipulation imposes upon the Govern-
ment the obligation of admitting those people
upon the soil on which the treaty found them
to all the rights and privileges of cinzens of
the United States by incorporating them into
the Union at the earliest period consistent with
the propiiety of the occasion. The treaty
qualifies the right to admission only by stipu-
lating that it shall be done at the proper time,
to be judged of by the Congress of the United
States.
To determine the proper time wo may be
governed by precedents and by tho fitness of
cireuinstances surrounding the people apply-
ing for admission into the Union; and the
judgment of Congress as to the proper time
is to be a fair, equitable judgment, founded
on the substantial tacts and merits of the case,
and not a capricious, arbitrary judgment, do
rived from prejudice, passion, or any other
undue source. As the condition of u people
living under a territorial form of government
is, in the light, of the spiritof our institutions,
anomalous and inconsistent with the aims
and purposes of out' Government toward its
ciiizens, it would seem that the proper time
for thechange oftlieir political condition would
be when tne population became sufficient in
number, social organization, and permanency
of habitation to defray the expenses and sus-
tain the machinery of a Stale government,
when the growth, prosperity, and happiness
of the population would probably be promoted
by the proposed change, and when the people
themselves should express a desire to enter
upon that new and extended theater of polit-
ical existence in which alone they could enjoy
1 lit? rights, privileges, and blessings which our
benign Government aims to give and secure to
its citizens.
Tried by these tests, the people of New Mex-
ico come fully up to the measure. The popu-
lation of that Territory was in the year 1850
(51,547; in the year 1800, 98,516. Both of
these census returns included'Uie Pueblo In
dians of the Territories of New Mexico and
Arizona. It is to be remembered that the
Territory of New -Mexico in 1860 comprised
all that portion of territory in the southern
portion of the Territory of Colorado south of
the thirty eighth degree of north latitude and
the whole of what now comprises the Terri-
tory of Arizona. By the organization of the
Tenitory of Colorado eighteen thousand of
the population of New Mexico, and credited
10 it in the census of 1860, were incorporated
within the Territory of Colorado, and conse-
quently lost to the Territory of New Mexico.
By the subsequent organization of the Ter
ritory of Arizona seven thousand of the popu-
lation credited to the Territory of New Mexico
in the census of 18G0 were incorporated in the
new Territory of Arizona and lost to the Terri-
tory of New Mexico. And notwithstanding this
great loss of twenty-five thousand of its popula-
tion, and notwithstanding that the figures of
the census of I860 comprised the Pueblo In-
dians of New Mexico and the Pimo Indians of
Arizona, estimated at about ten thousand, and
notwithstanding that the Territory of New
Mexico is devoid of any navigable streams or
railroad communications, and that she has
been afflicted with numerous hordes of savage
Indians who havedepredated upon hercitizens,
and that she suffered greatly by the invasion
of a large portion of her territory by the con-
federate troops under Brigadier General H. H.
Sibley, she still presents to the world the grati-
fying fact that, notwithstanding these great
disadvantages and calamitous circumstances,
she has now a population of 01,852, exclusive
of the Pueblo Indians, which number 7,618,
or a total population of 90,500 inhabitants,
exclusive of the wild Indians. A greater evi-
dence of prosperity could hardly be imagined,
taking into due consideration all the disad-
vantageous circumstances under which the
Territory of New Mexico has had to labor.
The great body of this population is of the
most permanent character. With the exception
of a few who have gone there for purposes
of speculation and temporary adventure, there
is not on any other spot on this continent a
people who are more devoted to their homes or
more firmly established in the permanency of
their habitation than the people of New Mex-
ico. The native inhabitants of the Territory,
who number a large majority of the entire pop-
ulation, are remarkably domestic in their char-
acter, most of them living near the ancestral
grave in which their forefathers, for many gen-
erations, have slept; and I will venture to
assert that in no portion of our country, from
the mountains to the sea-boards, are the found-
ation!) of the peace and good order of society
more broadly and deeply laid than they are
throughout the inhabited portion of the Terri-
tory which 1 have the honor to represent.
That the growth, prosperity, and happiness
of the people of New Mexico would be pro-
moted by the proposed change in their polit-
ical condition becomes obvious beyond all
question, in view of the fact that their wealth
and resources have annually increased, in spite
of the unrestrained rapacity of their native foe,
the Indian, who has, at his pleasure, driven
off their lloclcs and herds from the plains
and valleys into the impenetrable recesses of
the mountains, without iiinderance, reprisal, or
retaliation. If such thrift can prevail while
the people who realize it have no voice within
the Halls of Congress to demand redress, and
where the appeals of their Delegate for a rep-
aration of their wrongs pass as unheeded as
the idle wind, how much more bountiful would
be the reward of their enterprise and the fruits
of their industry if they had two Senators and
a member on this floor to demand, in the
name of the sovereign State, the protection
and redress which are now so unjustly with-
held?
For some years the expediency of the form-
ation of a State government has been agitated
and mooted among the people of New Mexico,
yet they have never, until recently, given their
assent to it; but now, after the most mature
deliberation, they have come forth as one man,
with a unanimous voice, to ask ot their new
sovereign the privilege of exercising the func-
tions and enjoying the rights of citizens of this
Government, as contemplated by a solemn
stipulation of the treaty of peace and friendship
ship by which they were confidingly transferred
from the fostering care of the republic of
Mcxieo to that of the Kepublic of the United
States. The unanimity and earnestness with
which the people of New Mexico have entered
upon the progressive movement leave no
doubt of their full belief in its salutary influence
upon their future prosperity and happiness, or
of their confidence in their ability to do jus-
tice alike to their prospective State and the
national Union with which they hope soon to
be associated.
A number of the prosperous States of the
Federal Union have been admitted upon meiits
no stronger and under circumstances no more
auspicious than those which attend the case
of New Mexico. As to population, Illinois,
admitted in 1818, had a population in 1820,
two years after her admission, of 53,788;
Missouri, admitted in 1820, had a population
in the year of her admission of 55,988; Mich-
igan, admitted in 188(5, had a population in
1830 ot 81 3G4; Arkansas, admitted in 183G,
had a population in 1830 of 14.273, including
slaves ; and in 1840, four years after her admis-
sion, only 77,174, including slaves; Minne-
sota, admitted in 1857, had a population in
1850 of 0,038, and in 18G0, three years after
her admission, 171,804; Iowa, admitted in
1845, had a population in 1840 of 42.924,
and in 1850, live years after admission, 191,881;
Oregon, admitted m 1859, had in 1860, 52,337,
and in 1870, eleven years after her admission,
only 90,922 ; Kansas, admitted in 1861, had
in 1800 a population of 106,579 ; Florida, ad-
mitted in 1845, had in 1840 a population of
27.043, and m 18G0 but 77,748; Nebraska,
admitted in 1807, had in 1800 a population of
28,759; Nevada, admitted in 1864, had iu
1860 a population of 6.857, and iu 1870 but
42,491; California, admitted in 1850, had iu
that year a population of 91,635.
New Mexico presents herself for admission
into the sisterhood of Slates with a population
of ninety-nine thousand five hundred, and
with an impulse in the path of progress which
promises a rapid advance in everyihing that
relates to the growth of her material prosper-
ity. And when her steps in that path shall
have been quickened by the prestige and moral
influence of the proposed change in her form
of government, her vast resources of mineral
wealth, embracing gold, silver, copper, iron,
and coal, coupled with her agrieultuial re-
sources, mild and healthy climate, will rapidly
reveal their hidden treasures. At the approach
of that sturdy and adventurous emigration
which is now wending its way thitherward,
and which will soon be multiplied, the hostile
Indians will flee from our fertile valleys, and
leave them to the peaceful and fruitful pur-
suits ot a thrifty, smiling, happy husbandry.
The vine and the grape, now repressed in
their growth and restrained in their culture by
the unprotected condition of the country, will
then overspread our valleys with their beauty
and luxuriance, and yield their luscious har-
vests ot fruit and wine with a bounteous pro-
fusion. Upon our fertile soil, arid amid our
lulls of gold, enterprise and industry will then
meet to prosecute the great woik of a grand
and marvelous development; and sustained
by a climate of invigorating salubrity and
cheering brightness, they will achieve resulte
that will command the admiration if not ths
wonder of the world.
In my feeble efforts to present the claims
of New Mexico to your favorable considera-
tion I am not conscious of having stepped
beyond the strictest bounds of truth and jus-
tice. Standing before you in the attitude in
which I have imperfectly presented her, I
trust that her patriotic advance may not be
met by the coldness of indifference and neg-
lect. Torn by the rude grasp of war from the
parent stem of their former sovereign, and
brought, with sorrowing hearts, under the
authority and dominion of a strange govern-
ment, the people of New Mexico have grad-
ually learned to appreciate and admire the
symmetry and beauty of your political institu-
tions. Distrustful at first toward thp. victor.
