250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ULOBE.
[February 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Cincinnati Southern Railway—Mr. Donley.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
beam from our own eyes, and then we can see
c early to cast out the mote from the eye
of our brother in India.
.ke''evf that if this Congress will pass a
v Pay,nSsuoh of the five-twenty Government
virfL./8 ler® issued under the law which Pr0~
■ ,r Pay™ent in the currency of the
TTnit^Qt"1! £a' tender currency, until the
t States shall have resumed specie pay-
bond, fn", Wtaf'n^ the Pr°Perty United States
pnnol purposes at a rate, as nearly
;=^S m?^. t,10 at which other prop-
nii/nr, f, ?r Federal, State, and municipal
wiflfr568' bondholder would be as secure
Am) 9°y?rn,«ent bonds as he would with gold.
TWirt ? ever comes (vvhich m y kind
the nPn lCe r'A wAse. 'eS'slation avert!) when
rfphr if ^ii° k United States repudiate their
debt, u W1 1 be the result of an unwise effort
! ITi, ,, to create objectionable
rape tn r, ° U^1 a'ld *"oster a bonded aristoc-
wilf nnt ,l'prf!S8 t'5e people, and to which they
will not tamely submit.
ke'leve that that system of human gov-
ernment approaches nearest perfection which
-fqr ? dlsf,e"ses benefits and di«trib-
1 hfl ! i0"8 ,!i'nong a"its (,eol,le i a"d tl,at
Government!16 tl,C01T of our constitutional
Cincinnati Southern Hallway.
REMARKS OP HON. J. B. DONLEY,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
LV TI11'" HOUSE OLf HEPRKSKXTATIVIOM,
February 28, 1871,
n ^Uonl^ti^V?0'?025' Promot® tho construc-
kincmnali Southern railway.
priJii,c£0o1?LBY- Mr- 8pp k".1 desire i,i«
under mn say,1,S a few words on the bill
ir ' ii lends ol this measure found
An interest7 r 90""reS!! ,or legislation.
„ , 11 °.f s!u:l> miportance to the South-
should hi l)ai'tlculilrI.y to the State of Kentucky,
nort insto.wf rfCli'V(;d encouragement and sup-
lature nf 'tl ° ?,tm> opposition from the Legis-
izeS u oa  hard|ybt!
eUion o tf,?" -k.ei,,llcliy State pride and oppo-
centnrv w S1r'ilrltP'^ress of the nineteenth
V?fU8° lhe bpnefit °f a si'eat
out co-it tn 1 1 oe ter, constructed wiili-
to control the p peop e! a,lJ wit'1 cv"y power
Legislature. CorporaUou remaining with the
evei'v^nerv'.ft'0"8 t'le country are exerting
private snh«f0.Re?ure railroads, making heavy
?itT conn., 'P«,0nB' the credit of
of 1-rnd from' p' ^tato, asking immense grants
bonds of the
or in oaas at laige discount at home
Btubbo™ Pe; ^ K"'u"cky, proud of her
the1 ' Vle bellest of >>er chief citv, to
c tLeuT''"!;' and wro"S of thousands of her
senate I,  -lptU0"s> rejects  through her
ins citv tn glacl0U8 °"ur made by a neighbor-
fare from p ns.',ruut a Sreat railroad thorough-
Such n^rrn OV1U£!OU 10 ike Tennessee line.
whethrdiCrattpd'bT s?t"ot ne suTssfb1'
„ . . atta by State pride, or the con-
viUe kT! n?an.ifested by the city of Louis-
vant foliv , ?fi -y 18 'committing the Pennsyl-
BaltimorI $ years a^° liie case of the
thrCh l,Tl- °,h,° raih:oad- T1^ . n y State,
leadiiurnW ^ea,-^Usy one or more of her
arable^iinA168' c,ommitteda wrong almost irrep-
refusin^^11 a !ai'"« P°r,i"n of « r people, by
its wav'tn if6?,1,11 Baltimore road to seek
parrortL st?hl0rl, ir0,,«h ,he southwestern
has beln 11 tati6-' J hat Porti°n the State
then wac froUf ever Since t0 secure what
now near at^ Z il' u,ld th0 l'""e is ° 'y
hand, after long years, wlien it
will have a road, completed, too, much of it on
the route that would have been followed by the
Baltimore road thirty years ago, constructed,
too, under the management of this same Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company.
What southwestern Pennsylvania has lost
by blindness and jealousy inexcusable, in the
case referred to, cannot be estimated. What
gainers would we have been and how oar peo-
ple would now rejoice, if Congress had, in the
exercise of its undoubted powers, said to the
Baltimore road, "Seek the best and most natu-
ral channel of commerce across the States from
the Patapsco to Wheeling I" If a State will shut
itself up within its own shell, refusing to learn
or share in the spirit of the age, or, Japanese-
like, seek to restrict and hamper the progress
of commerce, let the nation's Legislature, for
and in behalf of the nation, see to it that the
weal of the great people shall be paramount,
respected, and enforced. Shall the country
stand still that Kentucky may stand on her
State rights? Or shall trade and prosperity
advance at the will of Congress in spite of State
stubbornness and city jealousy ? Kentucky will
not. act; Congress must.
But the cry is raised that Congress has no
power to pass this bill, it being unconstitutional.
1 have heard this cry often when the same power
was invoked that is now asked to be wielded
in behalf of the bill under consideration. The
charter of the air line road from Washing-
ton to New York, an interest imperatively
demanded, yea, almost absolutely required, for
the immense travel between the metropolis and
the capital of the country, has been fought
steadily, inch by inch, by the gentlemen of
the other side of the House, on the ground of
its unconstitutionality. No matter if there is
but one line of railroad leading from the cap-
ital, that a grasping monopoly; no matter if
the States refuse to permit other lines to be
built across their sacred soil, still we behold
the spectacle of an almost united Democracy
in this body fighting to the death the bill giving
to the millions of the people who visit this city
a great, cheap thoroughfare on which to travel.
When the bill regulating the management of
live stock in their transit by car across the
States was before the House, a bill dictated
by the best impulses of humanity, we heard
the same old cry, unconstitutional. In all
these cases the alarm is raised against the
action of Congress for fear that somehow or
other the celebrated Kentucky State rights
doctrine of 1798 may be impaired, or that the
usual Democratic resolution about the reserved
rights of the States, which nobody disputes,
might be inconsistent with the proposed legis-
lation. Yes ; in these latter days, everything
is unconstitutional, with a certain class of pol-
iticians, that savors of freedom within our
limits, whether to the person of the oppressed
or the movements of commerce ; that seeks to
strengthen our Union and make us a national-
ity, strong and respected at home, admired and
feared abroad.
I love my own-State, am proud of her re-
sources, great wealth, and sturdy people ; but
I confess that 1 love my country more, and
ever regard her interests as paramount; and,
for one, I am glad to see the growing sentiment
which demands that the powers of the nation
shall be exercised through Congress, and that
our Union become, under the Constitution, a
strong national Government. If there be dan-
ger of going too far toward centralization, as
some good people hold, the danger is at the
worst remote, and should not prevent the cor-
rection of the evils that grew out of the per-
nicious State rights doctrine that prevailed be-
fore the rebellion ; nor the establishment of the
nation's right to protect its own life and the
lives of its citizens, to see that the laws are
executed, that each State has a republican
form of government, and to regulate the com-
merce among the several States.
In my judgment, Congress has the right not
only to charter railways to run through differ-
ent States, but to pass general laws regulating
and controlling all such thoroughfares called
into existence by State authority. Not only
has it the right, but the time is not far distant
when it will become its imperative duty to take
under its control those giant corporations that
extend far beyond the bounds or authority of
any single State. Duty to these great chan-
nels of commerce, as well as to the higher
demands of the people of the whole country,
will soon compel legislation of this character.
The Constitution of the United States, article
one, section eight, declares that " Congress
shall have power to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations and among the several States, and
with the Indian tribes." The right to regulate
the navigation on our rivers under this provis-
ion has never been questioned, or at least no one
now questions the right j but many believe that
the clause refers only to the natural highways,
and grants no power over the newer and more
important channels of commerce, railroads.
This is certainly a narrow view, for to Con-
gress is given the right to regulate commerce
among the several States, without reference to
the channel which it may seek. Did the clause
say k'the power to regulate navigation among
the several States," the control of Congress
would clearly have been limited to the transit
of commerce by water; but no such, narrow
restriction, but the broad right to control
commerce in its thousand forms and along
its chosen avenues, was inserted by the wise
framers of the Constitution.
This whole question has been ably and learn-
edly discussed by Mr. Justice Miller, of the
Supreme Courtof the United Slates, in Grey vs.
Clinton Bridge, (10 Am. L. Keg., 140.) We
quote from his opinion :
"The power to regulate cow m ere c is a power to reg-
ulate the jiv ti umcnts ot commerce. In the of
Cooiey vi. The ttn.ird of Wardens', (12 llow., 31G.) the
court says that 'the power to regulate navigation is
the power to prescribe i ules in conformity with which
navigation must be earned on. Ir, extends to tiie
persons who conduct it as well as to the instruments
used.' Navigation is here spoken of as one of the
subjects of legislation included within the power to
regulate commerce. In this view of the subject
Congress has passed statutes regulating steamboats,
their construction, equipment, officers, and crews,
prescribing qualifications of pilots and engineers,
limiting the number of passengers they may carry,
and laying down the signals they shall use in pass-
ing each other, and, in short, has prescribed a min-
ute code for building and navigating those vessels.
The right to do this depends wholly upon the power
vested in Congress to regulate commeice, and has
never been deputed.
" Navigation, however, isonly oneo^thc elements
of commerce. It is an element of commerce because
it afiords the means of transporting passengers and
merchandise, t he interchange of which is commeice
itself. Any other mode of effecting this would be as
much an elemcntof commerce as navigation. When
this transportation or interchange oi commodities
is carried on by land it is commerec as wall as when
carried on by water; and the power of Congress to
regulate it is as am pi e in theoneease as in the other.
The commerce among the Sfates spoken of in the
Constitution must at the time that instrument w-is
adopted have been mainly of this character, for the
steamboat, which has created our great internal
commerce on the rivers, was then unknown.
"Another means of transportation, equal in im-
portance to the steamboat, has also come into exist-
ence since the Constitution was adopted, a means
by which merchandise is transported across States
and kingdoms in the same vehicle in which it starred.
The railroad now shares with tho steamboat the
monopoly of the carrying trade. The one has with
great benefit been subjected to the control of salu-
tary congressional legislation, because it is an instru-
ment of commerce. Is there any reason why the other
should not? However this question may be answered,
in regard to that commerce which is conducted
wholly within the limits of a State, and is therefore
neither foreign commerce nor commerce among the
States, it seems to mo that when those roads become
parts of great highways of our Union, transporting
a commerce which embraces many States, and des-
tined, as some of the^e roads are, to become the
channels through which the nations of Kurope and
Asia shall interchange their commodities, there can
be no reason to doubt that to regulate them is to
