1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Brooklyn Navy-Yard—Mr. Starkiveather.
Ho. of Reps.
regulate commerce both with foreign nations and
among the States, and that a refusal to do this is to
refuse to discharge one of the most important duties
of the Federal Government.
"As already intimated, the shackles with which
thedifferent States tettered commerce in their selfish
eiforts to benefit themselves at the expense of their
confederates was one of the main causes which led
to the formation of our present Constitution. The
wonderful growth of that commerce since it has been
placed exclusively under the control of the Federal
Government has justified the wisdom of our fathers.
But are we to remit the most valuable part of that
commerce again to the control of the States, and to
all the subsequent vexations and burdens which the
States tnay impose through whose territories it must
be carried on? And must all this be permitted be-
cause the carrying is done by a method not thought
of when the Constitution was framed?
"For myself, I must say that I have no doubt of
the right of Congress to prescribe all needful and
proper regulations for the conduct of this immense
traffic over any railroad which has voluntarily become
p:n-t ot one of those lines of interstate communica-
tion, or to authorize the creation of such roads, when
the purposes of interstate transportation of persons
aud property justify or require it."
Then, if the demands of commerce require
a new channel across different States, Con-
gress, under the power to regulate commerce
among the several States, has the right to
authorize or regulate that channel; in other
words, has the power to charter or control a
railway leading through snore than one State.
It is not iny purpose to speak of the great
importance of railroads as a means of trade
and travel in our broad country; the rapid
increase in the number of miles built attests
the sentiment as well as the energy of our
people in this matter; but I desire to say a
word with reference to the direction of our
great railway channels of trade. We have
many great trunk lines from east to west,
thoroughfares such as the New York and Brie,
New York Central, Pennsylvania Central,
Baltimore and Ohio, and soon the Chesapeake
and Oliio, with their connections, stretching
from the Atlantic to the Mississippi, and
beyond to the waters of the Pacific. All our
great land-grant roads, thethreePacifics, follow
the latitudinal lines. But we have few great
lines of railroad running north and south ;
one or two in the West, and the half raii, half
water concern that, follows the coast of the
Atlantic, are all that approach anything like
a great thoroughfare across latitudes, between
the cold North, with her grain and manufac-
tures, and the sunny South, with her rich
tropical productions. Nature has been wiser,
and has given us the giant Mississippi,
stretching across the country from the British
possessions to the Gulf of Mexico, and bear-
ing on her broad bosom the exchanges of
different climates of the Union.
We need those translatitudinal lines not only
to exchange the commerce of different temper-
atures, a necessity increasing with the growth
of wealth and population, but to assist in bind-
ing together the sections lately engaged in the
deadly struggle. Affording means for rapid
travel, these communications will bring the
people together, make them acquainted with
each other and each other's interests, make
them neighbors with a neighbor's friendly
spirit, results greatly needed at the present
time. Not only this, but the means which
bring the sections together and opens up a
trade, mutually beneficial, becomes directly an
absolute necessity, a pride, a something to
be guarded and maintained, something that
arouses the spirit when assailed, as did the
Mississippi when blockaded by the rebels in
18G1. General John C. Breckinridge, in a
speech before the Kentucky Legislature re-
cently, oti this very question, dwelt upon this
point in the following forcible and appropri-
ate language:
"We hnve railroads running east and west every-
where. How many have you running north and
south? I will Siiy no more lhan this : thntthov who
live upon northern parallels of latitude are different
from those who live upon central and southern paral-
lels of latitude, and if this political system is to endure
at all, and we are to suppose that it is, we must have
intercourse. As I remarked to a friend of mine last
summer, whom I met in the Northwest, you must not
only have lines east and west if you are going to
have friendly, social, and commercial intercourse,
but you must have lines north and south; and with-
out these girders, so to speak, the whole system would
fall by its own gravity."
A distinguished Federal general during the
rebellion, in a late article of much merit,
says:
"We have many eastward and westward, but few
north and south lines.
"But these north and south lines are the necessary
bonds to unite the great east and west belts of pop-
ulation. And since the operation of natural causes
does not so readily produce them, to insure that
unity which our common Government and the higher
civilization we seek requires, wise statesmanship
must labor to provide north and south railways.
"Does not our own experience demonstrate this
necessity ? What but comparative non-intercourse
between the great body ot' the people North and
South made possible the rebellion ? Ilad the people
of the two sections been accustomed to travel and
traffic on north and south lines of railway at short
intervals apart, could eventhevirus of slavery have
brought upon us the gigantic war which slaughtered
more than half a million of our bravest and best,
and loaded us with debts and taxation ?
"Does anybody believe we would now be one
nation, did not the great Mississippi bind together
the people of the West and South even as lakes and
climate clasp them to the East by lines of commerce
and travel ?
"Let it never be forgotten that north and south
roads are relatively of the most national import-
ance, some of them indispensable to national unity,
and that wise statesmanship rather than natural
causes must be relied upon to insure their construc-
tion."
The southern commercial convention held
at Cincinnati, Ohio, in October, 1870, gave
special attention to translatitudinal railroads
in the United States, and unanimously adopted
the following report and resolutions :
"1. That the patronage of the General Government
has been invoked, andoften granted, to theconstruc-
tion of railroads lying chiefly along the parallels, or
from east to west, while the same has rarely, and
very moderately been granted to those which cross
the latitudes north and south.
"2. That the demands of commerce are chiefly
translatitudinal, calliiig mainly for exchange of
unlike comm odities and productions, which grow
and are produced in diverse climates; for travel
from rigorous to more genial climates, or from fervid
to torrid regions in summer toward the cooler air
and more elevated countries north.
" 3. That there still remain great routes where these
demands of commerce have not been able to effect a
transit in consequence of mountain barriers or un-
peopled areas, and which call with equal justice for
national aid in their development with those enter-
prises to which great aid has been granted: There-
fore,
"Be it resolved, First, that the great through routes,
or important links in the same, tending north and
south, be placed on the same footing as the lines
along the parallels; and that the Congress of the
United States be memorialized by this convention
to give them equal aid and subsidy.
"Socond, in view oftheforcgoing premises we com-
mend to Congress a grant of such lands and moneys,
or mail subsidies, as may seem just and equitable,
wheneverthey may be organized upon proper basis :
"1. To alineof railroad from Buffalo to Dunkirk,
on the lakes, by Pittsburg, to Charleston, on the
Atlantic;
"2. From Saginaw or Detroit, by Cincinnati, to
Savannah, and Brunswick and Appalachieola ;
"3. From Chicago or Michigan City, by way of
Louisville, to Pensaeola and Mobile;
"4. From Marquette or Ontonagon, on Lake Supe-
rior, by Cairo and Memphis, to New Orleans ;
"5. From St. Paul's or Lake Itasca, by way of
Kansas City or Leavenworth City, mouth of Cana-
dian, and Tyler to Galveston ; and
"6. From the North Pacific railroad, along the
ninety-eighth meridian, to Austin and San Antonio,
and to Aransas and Corpus Christi bays, and the Rio
Grande, in southwestern Texas.
"And also from the Mississippi river, at or near
the center of its course, the mouth of the Ohio,
diagonally across the latitudes,through Little Rock
and Austin, to the Rio Grande in such direction as
to point to Mazatlan or San Bias, on the Pacific
coast; and
" Whereas mostof these linesarelargely advanced
in construction and need but little aid, the first and
last three only traversing portions of country but
feebly populated or unable to force themselves
through;
" Third, that we specially commend to the United
States Congress, for such aid as may be just and
equitable, the Galveston and Great Northern and the
International Companies, and whenever the popu-
lation ot the West will justify it, the route near the
ninety-eighth meridian."
Living myselfon the line of theroad first men-
tioned, the Pittsburg, Virginia, and Charles-
ton, and which attracted the favorable notice
of the convention, I know something of its
importance, of the grand results that will fol-
low its construction, and of the earnest desire
of my people for its completion. Connecting
Lake Brie with the south Atlantic sea board,
along it will pass southward the manufactures
of the Birmingham of America, and the region
of which it is the center, to the Carolinas and
Georgia, and in return the great staples of the
rich savannas of the Southwhile it will afford
a means of communication for the travel of
the great States of the middle North and the
Southeast, seeking milder climates, in winter
or summer, new homes, intercourse, trade,
and speculation. The country through which
this line will pass is one of magnificent scenery
and great natural wealth. It leads along beau-
tiful rivers and fertile valleys, among hiils cov-
ered with the finest forests and over mount-
ains filled with the richest mineral deposits.
When completed it will become one of the
grand trunk lines of the country, and one of
the firmest bonds of national unity.
The bill under consideration grants a char-
ter for part of the line referred to in the reso-
lution just quoted as the second great North
and South thoroughfare that should be con-
structed. That the Cincinnati Southern rail-
way is destined to become what its friends
expect none can seriously doubt, and Cincin-
nati has surely given an earnest of her faith by
her magnificent appropriation of $10,000,000.
Mr. Speaker, I hope that we, Kentucky hav-
ing refused what her interest and her patriot-
ism alike demanded, will enable the goodly
Queen City to carry out her magnificent scheme
that promises so much, not only to her who
has had the wisdom and the courage to em-
bark in the enterprise, but to the whole country.
The necessity for our action, from .the wants
of the people of different climates, and from
the circumstances incident to this particular
case, I think is apparent to every observer,
while the constitutionality of the proposed
measure hardly admits of doubt, and will only
be questioned by those who still mourn for
"the flesh-pots of Egypt," the exploded doc-
trines which hurled us into civil war, and
which are now happily disappearing, I trust,
forever.
Brooklyn Jfavy-Tard.
speech of hon. h. ii. starkweather.
Of CONNECTICUT,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1871,
On the bill (II. R. No. 1603) to provide for the
removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker,
yesterday, when this bill was under discussion,
in the brief time that I occupied, I think it was
shown most conclusively, from the testimony
of the most eminent men connected with the
Navy, that the Brooklyn navy-yard is entirely
inadequate to the wants of the service.
In this discussion I intend to refer briefly
to the opinions of leading men connected with
our Navy to show that in almost every leading
requisite of a great naval establishment this
yard is wholly unadapted to the present and
future demands of the country.
The honorable Secretary of the Navy, in his
able report to Congress at the beginning of its
second session, called our attention to this
subject and urged upon Congress immediate
action. He says:
"The great defect in most of our yards is want of
land area and available water front sufficient to do
even their present work to advantage.
" Buildings and machinery of every description are
cramped and crowded together, interfering with
