252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0BE.
[February 8,
Ho. 05 Reps.
Brooklyn Navy-Yard—Mr. Starkweather.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
their proper use, causing great expense of both time
and money, and, from, the close proximity of work-
shops and iriflammablcmaterial, exposing the whole
to great risk. In case of fire nothing but the most
favorable circumstances would prevent a general
destruction of, everything in the yard; and great
vigilance is required and constant expense incurred
to guard against a general Conflagration of houses,
ships, and material."
And, again, the Secretary says in bis last
annual report:
"I would also again press the suggestions made
last year in regard to tne importance of removing
our large working yards from their present situation
in the midst of populous and growing cities, and call
attention again to the necessities of the service and
the obligations of the Government in regard to tho
League island portion of the Philadelphia station,
and to that at New London."
At the commencement of the Forty-First
Congress, in December, 1809, the honorable
gentleman from the Brooklyn district, New
York, [Mr, Slocum,] in accordance with the
recommendations of the Secretary, and on the
suggestion, of influential citizens of Brooklyn,
introduced a bill for the removal of this yard,
and it was referred in the House to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; and after the most
careful examination the committee came to
the conclusion that the interest of the Govern-
ment required its removal. This subject was
' under discussion in committee for months, and
received the most careful and patient investi-
gation, Opportunity was afforded to every
interest to be heard, both against and in favor
of the removal; and during all this time, with
the exception of a single individual, and he a
citizen of Brooklyn, (lion. William C. Kobin-
son,) not a single word was offered in oppo-
sition to its removal. On the contrary, every
leading naval authority favored its removal by
reasons that seemed entirely conclusive to the
committee.
This view was supported by testimony and
letters from a number of oflicers connccted
with the Navy whose opinions should have
great weight. Among these I received a letter
from Mr. Jung, chief of the Bureau of Steam
Engineering, dated March IS), 1870. The fol-
lowing are extracts covering the most import-
ant points of the letter :
* "1 was chief engineer of that yard from April, 1858,
to April, 1K01. and again from June 1, 1805, to Juno
1, 1807. As this latter term commenced just after
ihu clone of tho war, whon improvements to a con-
siderable extent wore being made in the yard, and at
a time when a large number of ships, returning
home, had to he laid up, and others repaired and re-
fitted tor survioo on foreign squadrons, 1 had ample
opportunity to witness its many defects and to form
tolerably correct conclusions as to what tho- Navy
really needs m the way of dock-yuul facilities. In
addition to my experience at this yard, t have at
various times visited and examined all the navy-
yards of our own country, the principal engino fac-
tories and iron-mills, and havo also examined and
reported on the dock-yards andiron-works of Great
Britain and France.
"The Mite of tho Brooklyn navy-yard is, in my
judgment, I ho most unfavorable possible for such a
naval establishment as the present necessities of the
.Navy require, ami its facilities whollv inadequate
for tins demiMidb made upon them. When loeated
the Na\y was veiy small, and prior to the use of
steam it served the purposes of its projectors as a
hhip-jaid to build, rep.iii, and equip a lew wooden
sailing ve^elb; but. as tho Nuvy increased it became
necessary to erect moro buildings, and these, for
convenience at the time, were located without regard
to future requirements, and upon tho introduction of
steam machino->hops, founderies, boiler-shops,and
various other buildings were erected, not in desir-
able localities, but in such positions a4* did not inter-
fere with those already in use ; and the introduction
of armored vessel* tendered it necessary to still fur-
ther add to the number of workshops. As a conse-
quence of the want of system with which the various
woikf-hops have from time to time been erccted,
notonc ot theforty-six buildings is properly located
in the yaid. nor in a convenient portion with regard
to othei«. 1>< siiIl-s this irremediable defect in locat-
ing the various buildings, nearly all are entirely
unsmted foi economically constructing or repairing
tho heavy woik required at the present (lay for
naval purposes, noi is the yard supplied with suit-
able facilities for the transportation of heavy rnate-
iia.1 and stores fiom the shops to the vessels or vice
varan, or from one shop to another. Indeed, so defi-
cient is it in improved mechanical appliances for
transportation that th^s item alone, during the year
1865, cost no less than $>131,7-2 82.
"The second objection is the very limited water
front. As a consequence of this, many vessels are
crowded together in different localities, far removed
from the mechanical works, and difficult of access,
frequently rendering the employment of boats neces-
sary to transport the workmen to and from their
labor, thus incurring great inconvenience, useless
expense, and loss of time; besides, the danger of
fire to vessels crowded in a small area is greatly
augmented.
" The third objection is, the fillingup of the stream
yearly, more and more, from the accumulation of
deposits from the East river, and from the two sewors
which drain a largepart of Brooklyn and Williams-
burg, subjecting the Government to a yearly heavy
expense for dredging. Beside the expense and incon-
venience of thi«, the stagnating feculence from the
city sewers has a destructive effect on the copper of
vessels, and renders the atmosphere impure.
"The fourth objection is, there is but one dry-dock;
another is needed, and there is no proper place to
locato it. ^ *
"The fifth is, there is no adjacent convenient
roadstead where vessel can anchor while in com-
mission.
44 Sixth, it is surrounded by a large city; bad men
find access to the pay-rolls of tho yard; thieving is
common, and tho expense of police thereby largely
increased.
"The only remedy for tho defects enumerated
will be found in removal to a proper locality, where
a yard can bo laid, out and constructed on clear
ground, coininensurato with the future wants of our
Navy. Tho area of land belonging to the yard, ex-
clusive of tho hospital grounds, is one hundred and
ninety-two acres. It would bo very valuable for
manufacturing, commercial, and other purposes,
and tho removal of the yard would be a mutual
benefit to the Government and the people of Brook-
lyn. In addition to the land, the dock andbuildings
could be disposed of for a very largo sum. In tho
event of a decision for removal, all the eastern por-
tion of the ground now unoccupied could be sold,
and the funds made available.-without interfering
with work in the yard.
"Tho British Government has found it more
economical to create new dock-yards than to recon-
struct old ones. After the introduction of steam into
the navy, that Groveriimonb built a separate yard,
adjoining the Devonportyard, for tho especial pur-
pose of constructing, repairing, and fitting steam
machinery. This yard has two largo basins and
three stone dry-docks, also all needed works, facil-
ities, and appliances for rapid execution ot con-
struction and repair. Sinco tho introduction of
iron vessels and armored ships it lias prepared tho
Chatham dock-yard on tho rjver Mcdway for that
purpose; not by gradual prooessof accretion, partly
of permanent and partly of make-shift additions,
but by adding an island ot' three hundred acres to
the old yard, and there erecting tho necessary
works."
It will be observed that Mr. King, on account
of his familiarity with this yard, is best quali-
fied to give an opinion, and he states that—
• "Tho ;?ite of the Brooklyn yard is the most unfa-
vorable possible for such it naval establishment as
the present necessities of tho Navy require."
lie states also that the buildings are so
inconveniently located—
"That the expense of transporting heavy material
and machinery during the year !So5 cost no less than
$131,722 82."
In this connection I desireto quote from the
report of the Chief of Yards and Docks as
showing not only the unsuitableness of the
Brooklyn yard for a naval establishment, but
it states very forcibly the advantages of the
site on Thames river, near New London, Con-
necticut, for a first-class navy-yard, lie says:
"To make a considerable naval station near New
London seems, in every pointof view,advantageous.
In order to do so, however, it would be worth while
to have a full survey made, extending from just
above the town to at least one mile above the present
proposed site lor the yard, so as to be ablo to select
the point naturally the most advantageous and look-
ing to the construction of an extensive fresh-water
basin fur iron-clads.
"In the construction of works of great magnitude
too much caro cannot be taken in fixing upon the
site having tho greatest natural advantages, even
when most favorably locatcd. The cost of works of
this description is great, and is added to almost be-
yond belief when the location is disadvantageous.
At the present time no appropriation is asked for
beginning the work.
"The location of the navy-yard at Brooklyn, New
York, has long been considered unfortunate. The
water front available is quite limited, the Wall about
channel narrow and subject to extraordinary depos-
its of dirt and washings-in Toy sewers, so as to render
the continual use of dredging-maehines necessary,
at a largo annual cost, in older to maintain a re-
quired depth ot water. At this important station in
the harbor of the commercial metropolis of the na-
tion there are always numbers of vessels of war neces-
sarily crowded together and exposed to imminent
danger from -fire, the yard being adjacent to build-
ings ofvariouscharacters, among the number a large
gas-house.
"The fact that a very large tract of land has its
natural drainage through the yard, the rightof way
for this drainage reserved for the city, and the form-
ation of the surrounding land such as to render it
impossible, except at an enormous expense, to dis-
charge the contents of the public sewers outside the
limits of the yard, is now a grave injury. Vessels
newly coppered, lying near the discharge of these
sewers, require almost entire recoppering in a few
months, caused by the action of the acids from
manufacturing establishments, and other chemical
agents."
The letter of Admiral Godon, commandant
at the Brooklyn navy-yard, puts the question
of the removal of this yard in a most clear and
intelligent light:
Commandant's Office,
N ivy-Yard, New York, February 10,1870.
Sir: I have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 2d instant, in which
you inform me that a bill has been introduced in tho
Ilouse by General Slocum for the removal of tho
navy-yard at this place to New London, Connecticut,
and request me to give my views on the subject, with
such facts and arguments as in my opinion may
bear upon it.
I have no hesitation in stating frankly the prin-
cipal disadvantages of the site now occupied, and
tho causes which in my opinion will ever render its
conversion into a first-class dock-yard impracticable.
l?irst and greatest among them is the limited
water-front, which is aconstant source of annoyance
and expense, and for years has been inadequate to
the wants of tho yard.
It may have served for all the requirements of tho
Government when tho station was in its infancy, and
the Wallabout was a bay of some extent, but sineo
the conversion of the latter into a small stream,
yearly becoming less by the accumulation of depos-
its from the East river and from two sewers which
drain a large part of Brooklyn and Williamsburg,
the space has been insufficient.
The vessels, in consequence, are crowded at tho
docks, are more exposed to danger from fire, and are
repaired at a much greater expense than they would
bo were there sufficient room to move them properly.
The filling up of the channel by the deposits already
spoken of entails upon the Government a yearly ex-
pense of from fifty to a hundred thousand dollars lor
dredging, and the gases which arise from tho empty-
ing of the city sewers have a most destructive cU'ect
upon the copper of all vessels exposed to their influ-
ence. So great, indeed, is the dam ago resulting there-
from that the cost of simply replacing the copper de-
stroyed by the action of these gases has become an
item of considerable magnitude, and an expenditure
of £3,000 semi-annually on each vessel lying in the
Wallabout is required from this cause alone.
Another dry-dock is greatly needed to expedite tho
Government work and increase the efficiency of the
yard, but owing to the limited capacity of tho latter
its construction is almost if not quite impracticable.
In addition to these reasons, which, in my opinion,
unfit the present site for anaval station, may be men-
tioned an objection which, did no other exist, would
render a change of location most desirable: that is,
its being in the heart of two large cities. Whatever
may be the advantages possessed by such a location,
in respect to tho facilities afforded for obtaining
mechanics, they are, m my judgment, more than
counterbalanced by concomitant eviis.
The danger from fire to which tho public prop-
erty is exposed by reason of its being surrounded, as it
nowis, (and mustneeessarily bem such alocality,) by
manufactories, lumber-yards,&c\, and, above all, oil
depots, is greatly increased, and the opportunities
for the exercise of political influence in the employ-
ment of workmen, always injurious to the interests of
tho Government, are greatly augmented. Of course
no location would be entirely exempt fromthe last-
named objection ; but it necessarily exists in a greater
dcgiee in the midst of political centers.
The removal ot the present yard, or rather tho
establishment of another—for it would be impracti-
cable to move the buildings—would be, ot course,
attended with great expense, and for a time would
doubtless be detrimental to the interests of the Gov-
ernment ; but, in view of the great increasing wort h
of the present property, its valuable wharf privi-
lege®, and tho r>rice which it would probably bring"
if sold, 1 doubt if the change would cause any ulti-
mnteloss.
The land and Government property in the yard are
fully worth $*40,000,000, arid notices than that price
should bo pbtained for them.
The disadvantages which I have pointed out as
prominent hero as a public establishment would soon
be removed when it became private property.
An antagonism seems ever to exist between the
corporations which have charge of great cities' in-
terests and Government establishments. This fact I
think will be admitted by all who have had oppor-
tunities of judging in such cases.
The sewers now &o destructive to the interest of
the yard would have their course changed at once,
and would pass through Brooklyn to the Bast river
as an outlet. Streets would at once be cut through
