18*71.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGFEiESSlONAt GrLQBE.
253
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Brooldyn Navy-Yard—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. of Reps.
to the water front, and the entire section would bo
opened to commerce, and the value of the property,
jii welt beyond the yard as in its immediate neigh-
borhood, would grow incalculably.
These are matters, however, of which you will be
as able to judge as myself. No location should be
ei'locted for a navy-yard without having sufficient
nom in all directions, not only for increasing its
e ipacity when occasion might require it. but to pre-
\ tut the election of buildings near its walls which
mifzht endanger its safety.
In thus submitting to you some of the views which
have suggested themselves to me in connection with
tliis matrer, I have to apologize for the hastyman-
ncr in which they have been written and for the
delav which has occurred in answering your com-
munication'.
My time has been so much occupied sincc the receipt
of your letter that I have been unable to reply to it
sooner or to give the subject the consideration which
it* importance merits.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. W. GODON,
Rear Admiral and Commandant.
Hon. II. II. Starkweather,
llouse of Representatives, Washington, J). G.
The following letter from Mr. Hanscom, the
eminent naval constructor, on the removal of
the Brooklyn navy-yard, and pointing out some
of the advantages of the Thames site near New
London, will be read with interest:
washinstos. February 26,1870.
Sir : The removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard being
under discussion, I may be excused for offering to
you some suggestions on the subject.
Laying asido all ideas as to the reasons which in-
duced the commission to locate that yard in a place
so ill-adapted to the requirements of a navy-yard at
the present time, it is enough to know that it fails
to meet the wants of the Navy for many reasons.
1. It has not the depth ol water to that extent
in line required, nor can it be obtained from any
adjoining land.
2. The form is not calculated for the greatest pro-
duction from the least amount of labor, the neces-
sary depth of water being only at the end of the
yard. This is a matter of grave consideration, involv-
ing a continual losa.
3. It is too much confined by the surroundings,
the cities of Brooklyn, New York, and Williams-
burg, to make it safe from fires, easy and safe of
access, and to give it the necessary roadstead in
front, so highly important for economy and dis-
patch. The city of Brooklyn reserves the right to
obstruct the yard with sewers; the full control is
lost, and the injuries are unavoidable.
i. Its location being in a cove or bond of the river,
the deposits will always decrease the depth of water,
and for their removal a large yearly expenditure is
necessary.
The objections to this yard are of a serious nature.
Since the introduction of iron into the hulls of a
larger class ot iron-clad ships, suitable facilities for
thcirconstruction cannot bo provided in the Brook-
lyn navy-yard; and from the decline of ship-build-
ing they will not be found outside of Government
establishments for many years to come. All of the
European Governments are now building their larger
iron-clad ships in dry-docks, thereby saving the cost
and avoiding the danger of launching.
From the want of water front, it is impossible to
ohrnm the necessary number of wharves, dry-docks,
and ship-houses and workshops, or to arrange them
for rapid and sonvenient communication with each
other. By tho systematic arrangement of the docks,
wharves, shops, and store-houses, France saves at
least live per cent, in labor more than can be saved by
an> system which it is possible to adopt at the Brook-
lyn yard. England has seven and France has five
dock-yards, in none of which are there less than two
dry-docks, many of them having a much larger num-
ber. In time of war the Brooklyn yard would add
an incumbrance to the cities around it. instead of
being a defense, and is a detriment to their commer-
cial interests m time of peace. If these disadvan-
tages exsst now, many of them being of recent origin,
what will be tho condition of the yard fifty years
hence? And instead of expending thousands of dol-
lars ye.nly upon a site that must soon be given up,
would it not be better to build a yard on a site where
less objections and more advantages arc to be found ?
What is said of the Brooklyn yard may also be said
of thePhiladelphi i. yard. A site having been secured
for the removal of ihe Philadelphia yard, it only
remains to be carried out.
It is important that the site to which the Brooklyn
yardshall be transferred shall havetheproperdepth
of water, an extensive shore line, be free from the
obstructions of ice and deposits, ill a healthy loca-
tion, of easy access to the ocean, and in a position
offering the best defense to large and important
interests. Commerce will some day require all the
facilities the harbor of New York affords, and the
now thinly-settled banks of the Hudson will be
densely inhabited in time, thereby creating some of
the very disadvantages the transfer of the Brooklyn
yaid is intended to avoid.
The roadstead of New London offers greater ad-
vantages and more inducements than any other
place, seemingly, along the coast. Its easy approach
by sea at all times and seasons of the year, without
reference to the tide, the protection and defense it
would bo to Now York and the commerce of the
sound, by the ships of war and other means to be
found at a navy-yard, appear to make it more suit-
able and desirable than anyother place. It is sur-
rounded by most excellent and industrious mechan-
ics, in aremarkably healthy climate, and where the
necessary materials for its construction are to be
had in great abundance. The character of the soil
affords that solidity for the foundations and per-
manence of large building3 with heavy machinery
which is of great consideration in the selection of'a
sitev My experience of many years in the naval
service, at three of our yards, and the information
obtained by the examination of the dock-yards of
England, France, and those of other Governments,
induce me to believe that it would be greatly for
the interest of our Government to dispose of the
Brooklyn yard. The time required to effect the
change to some other site would be several years,
for there should be built at least two dry-docks,
machine shops, store-houses, workshops, &c., before
the transfer could be made complete.
I am, very truly and respectfully, yours. &c.,
W. L. HANSCOM.
Hon. II. H. Starkweather,
Naval Committee, House of Representatives.
Looking, then, to the interests of the Govern-
ment, as well as to the efficient and economical
administration of the Navy Department, it is
unquestionably of the highest importance that
immediate measures be taken to secure the
removal of this yard.
If this be so, the next question for discus-
sion is, what is the most suitable location for
the commencement of a naval establishment
adequate to tho present and future wants of a
great and growing nation like our ownj soon
destined to rival yi its greatness, in its wealth,
in its boundless resources, in its commerce, its
manufactures, and its varied agricultural pro-
ductions, all the nations of ancient and modern
history? To this question I desire briefly to
call the attention of the House and of the
country.
The attention of Congress for the last few
years has been repeatedly directed to the
selection of a proper site for a new navy-yard.
The unparalleled growth of the country in
population, wealth, and commercial import-
ance during the last half century, and espe-
cially its political relation to other leading
nations, require that this Government should
organize and maintain a navy that shall com-
mand respect in peace and defend its great
and varied interests in time of war. During
and since the rebellion what had been previ-
ously regarded as desirable in this respect has
become an indispensable necessity. For some
years prior to the rebellion a great change had
been in progress in the structure and armature
of ships of war. Since the establishment of
the most important of our navy-yards an en-
tire revolution has taken place in the construc-
tion of naval vessels, iron has supplanted
oak ; steam has the mastery over sails. 'Hence-
forth steam and iron are essential elements in
our Navy if we would command success.
1 propose to show that it is the part of wise
economy for this Government to maintain a
well-established naval force. To do this facili-
ties must be had for the construction, docking,
and repair of iron-clad and other vessels.
Were we to-day involved in a foreign war with
any first-class European Power the damage that
would result to our commerce for the want of
an efficient navy would be beyond estimation.
Our present navy-yards would not be able to
meet such an exigency. It would take at least
eighteen months to build a vessel like the Mon-
arch in any of our yards. During the rebellion
the Niagara, one of our most efficient naval
steamers, was detained fifteen months for
repairs, when her services would have been
of immense value. The gun-boat R. R. Cuyler
waited ten months for repairs to her machinery.
In neither case should there have been a delay
to exceed sixty days? The cost of repairing
these vessels was at least fourfold what it
would have been had the Government the
requisite facilities for the repair of vessels.
The events of the past few years admonish
us that it is our '' duty in time of peace to pre-
pare for war," and the experience of the world
attests that the "surest and cheapest safe-
guard against the calamities of war is the
requisite preparation to meet it." There was
no year during the rebellion that a navy-yard,
with all the facilities for the economical and
rapid construction, equipment, and repair of
vessels of war, would not have saved the Gov-
ernment millions on millions of treasure and
thousands of the lives of our citizens. The
hostility to our institutions developed during
the rebellion, and the complications with Eng-
land and other European nations, warn us that
we must be prepared to protect our flag and
our commerce upon every ocean,
Mr. Speaker, let us inquire' what are the
considerations that point to New London as
the most suitable location.
It is well known that the site on the Thames
has ample depth of water. This is a first and
indispensable requisite. It is situated in an
excellent harbor, never obstructed by ice, and
is of easy access to and from the ocean. The
f round is solid and will require no piling, and
eing nearly a level plain the cost of grading
will be comparatively small. The water is
clear, and there is nothing to be apprehended
from deposits, thus avoiding the large expense
which is annually incurred at the Brooklyn yard
for dredging. It has a mile of water front,
which can be easily extended if necessary, while
its means of communication with every part
of the country, both by land and water, are
unsurpassed. • Besides* the numerous steam-
boats and propellers constantly plying between
it and New York, the direct lines of railroad
from New York, Bridgeport, New Haven.
Hartford, Boston, Worcester, Providence, and
Norwich converge at this point, by which men,
materials, and provisions can be transported
to it with ease and at short notice. It has
facilities for procuring ship timber of the best
quality. The white oak grown in Connecticut
is pronounced by eminent ship-builders, " for
solidity, tensile strength, and durability," as
"not excelled in the United States or in the
world," large quantities of which grow in the
immediate neighborhood.
It is located in the midst of a country
abounding with hardy seamen and mechanics
skilled in all branches of naval architecture.
It is easily defended. Situated about seven
miles above the mouth of the river, on each
side of which are high lands suitable for forti-
fications, this point would seem to be too clear
for argument. But, added to this is the con-
current testimony of all military authorities—
no one ever having disputed or denied it—
GeneralsTotten, Barnard, Cullum, JlcClellan,
Dix, and others, all of whom have spoken of
it as admirably adapted to the purposes of
defense. The board of officers who in 18G2
examined and reported in favor of the Thames
river for a navy-yard, say, in their report:
''The present defenses bf the harbor of New Lon-
don are Forts Trumbull andGriswold; the first a
strong fortress built of granite 111 the most sub-
stantial 111 \nner, and the second an extensive earth-
work on Groton Heights, opposite the city o( \ow
London. From the entrance ot the harbor from
Long Island sound there are on either side of the
river numerous points upon which iron towors or
turrets, armed with guns of the largest culibcr, can
be Greeted at a moderate cost, and so arranged as to
render the entrance of hostile ships impossible,"
And they quote approvingly the language
of Brigadier General George W. Cullum, of
the United States engineers, that "no harbor in
the United States is more susceptible of defense
against the eutrance of a fleet than New Lon-
don."
Not only is the site which has been selected
by the Government on the Thames river easily
defended, but it would itself constitute an out-
post of defense—occupied as a naval station—
