254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Brooklyn Navy-Yard—Mr. Starkweather.
4 1ST CONG....8D SESS.
to the cities of New York and Brooklyn and
to the commerce of the sound as well as to the
numerous towns and cities bordering thereon.
The eastern entrance to Long Island sound is
the strategic point at which all these great inter-
ests can be protected, This narrow gateway,
called the Race, through which vessels of much
draught must pass to and from the ocean, be-
ing defended, there would be no need of forts
at New London, or New Haven, or Bridge-
port, or New York, on the east, for the entire
waters of Long Island sound would be kept
inviolate from an enemy's ships.
And how can this be best effected? By
establishing a navy-yard and naval arsenal on
the Thames, which is opposite and near to the
Race j by making that river a rendezvous for
naval vessel?, which might be in readiness at
a moment's call to meet the first approach of
the enemy and bar the entrance to Long Island
sound. There is no point on the American
coast, it is believed, where so great interests
can be so well protected aud where the demand
for such protection is more imperative.
The following memorial, addressed to the
honorable Secretary of the Navy by the prin-
cipal merchants and business men of New
York, and forwarded to him November, 1SG9,
will show how deep an interest they take in
the subject, aud its importance, in their view,
in connection with the defenses of that city:
The undersigned believe, in addition to the in-
trinsic Hdvantngcs of this location for a navy-yaid,
that its use for that purpose would largely contribute
to the protection of the commerce of Long Island
sound, and of tho great city of New York, in the
event of a nnvul war. It may be assumed th it Una
country has, in a future war with a foreign Power,
nothing: to fear cxcept for its commerce, and the
cities adjacent to the coast. But in the event of a
naval war, tho first point of attaok would undoubt-
edly be tho city of New York, as it so largely con-
centrates the capital and the commerce of thenation,
That city at present is nearly defenseless to a for-
eign foe in its approaches from tho ocean through
Long Inland sound. The sound once ernered forms
a gieat natural roadstead or harbor tor a foreign
licet. Jfc was so occupied by tho British navy in tho
war of 1812, threatening the whole coast lino and the
city of New York itself. Tho site at New London
is th« .strategic point, which coveis tho entrance of
tho sound, and in the opinioti of competent engin-
eers and naval authoriticsoccupicd iis a naval sta-
tion would furnish adequate protection to tho city
ol New York and tho commerce of the sound, thus
guarding the communication between tho great in-
dustries of New England and their natural market.
We hope that you will see proper to recommend
that an appropriation for this object bo made at the
next session of Congress.
MOSES TAYLOR,
M. 1L. (UUNNKLL,
(4KO.W. BLUNT,
1IOWLAND& ASP1NWALL,
DAVID liOADLY,
GEORGE OPDYKE,
 S. 13. CHITTENDEN.
MARSH ALL O.ROBERTS,
W. K. DODGE.
JIAUPER& BROTHERS.
DROWN BROTHERS CO.,
PKIER COOPER.
ARNOLD. 8 THROES & CO.,
I) APPLJCTON & CO..
HORACE B. CLAELIN,
J. J. AtfTOR,
CRINiN ELL. MINT1TRN& CO.,
HENRY ORIXNELL,
RUSSEb SPURGES,
it. L.TAYLOR.
"WM.C. THOMPSON,
EDWARDS PIERUEPOXT,
WM. M. JBVAitTS.
At the site on the Thames vessels of the
largest size and draught could be built aud go
to sea without fear of impediment from ice or
shoal water, and at short notice could move to
the defense of any part of the coast or com-
merce of the country. It has the approbation
of eminent naval constructors and ship-build-
ers, and the most distinguished officers in oar
Navy from an early period are recorded as
having given testimony in its favor, and it has
been approved and recommended by every
board and commission which, under the author-
ity of Congress, bus examined it.
The annual saving to the Government in
pilotage, towage,and insurance would be a large
sum over almost any other place. Of towage
very little would be required at New London.
Although the Government insures its own ves-
sels, the risk would be the same, and the
danger from ice and collision in the Thames
would be as nothing compared with the North
river. It should be remembered that insurance
offices make no difference between the summer
aud the winter months on vessels entering New
London harbor, while their premium is in-
creased from twenty-five to one hundred per
cent, during the winter on vessels entering
other ports. I have this fact concerning New
London from the vice president of the Atlantic
Mutual Insurance Company, New York.
There is an abundance of material, both of
wood and granite, near the site for the con-
struction of walls, docks, and buildings of every
description, and it is believed by those ac-
quainted with such matters that a navy yard
can be built and operated there at a much less
expense than at any other place known.
The adjacent waters of Fisher's Island sound,
Gardiner's bay, and Long island sound add
greatly to the value of the site on the Thames
river for naval purposes, and the climate is
admitted to be remarkably salubrious.
The present Secretary of the Navy, in his
annual report dated December 1, 1869, states
the naval force in March, 18G9, as follows:
" When my imm ediate predecessor camc into office,
on tbe9t h day of March last, th^Navy ot tho United
Slates consisted ot two hundred and three vessels of
all classes and in every condition. These measured
183,142 tons, and were caloulatcd to carry, when in
commission, 1.300 Runs, exclusive of howitzers. Of
these ships one hundred and fifty-one were wooden
and fifty-two were iron-clad or monitors."
Warned by the situation of the country, the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, at its first session,
charged, by a resolution of the House, passed
January 7. 1801, the Committee oti Naval
A (fairs—-
"To inquire into and report upon the expediency
of the establishment of a now yard for the construc-
tion, docking, and repair of iron, iron-clad, and other
vessels, and tho proper site for its location."
On the 12rh day of May, 18G4, after a most
careful examination, they reported that—
"The committee cannot avoid tho conclusion,
therefore, in answer to the first branch of the inquiry
with which they wore charged, that tho immediate
establishment of a new yard, with special adaptation
to the building, docking, and repair of iron vessels,
has become a national necessity."
That committee was composed as follows:
Alexander II. llice, of Massachusetts; John A.
Giiswold, of New York 5 Frederick A. Pike,
ofMaine; William Edgerton,of Indiana; Rufus
P. Spalding, of Ohio ; Augustus Brandegee,
of Connect icut j William D. Kelley, of Penn-
sylvania; J. 1C. Moorhead, of Pennsylvania;
James S. Rollins, of Missouri.
This committee, and one of the ablest ever
organized in this House, after most mature and
careful consideration, decided in favor of New
London as the best site for a navy-yard. They
say, in their report:
" The House Committee on Naval Affairs were sub-
sequently charged by resolution. January 7, 18(34,
'to inquire into and report upon the expediency of
the establishment of anew navy-yard, for the con-
duction, docking, and repair ot iron,iron-clad, and
other vessels, and the proper site for its location.'
" This committee 'after/as they say in theirreport,
' a very careful and thorough consideration of the
whole subject/came to the same conclusion, namely,
that the site upon the Thames, near New London,
Connecticut, combines in a greater degree than any
other the essential advantages and conditions for
such an establishment, and is* free from the objec-
tions obtaining Ht other places.
/'Of the report of the board of officers in favor of
Nov/ London this committee said : ' This leport, pro-
ceeding from officers of such undoubted character
and eminence in their respective professions, seemed
to your committee to be entitled to very great weight
aud consideration. Nevertheless, the committee felt
they would not properly have difchargfd the duty
assigned them by adopting the conclusions of any
commission, however competent, without acaretul
investigation and examination for themselves both
of the evideneo and arguments applicable to the
subject. The result of this examination has led the
committee to the same conclusion reached by the
board of officers appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy,'
"The following extracts from the report of the
committee not only show the entire defenaibility of
the site on the Thames river, near New London, but
the importance of a navy-yard and arsenal at that
point, as affording the surest protection to the city
of New York on the east and to the coasts and com-
merce of Long Island sound :
" The land on both sides at tho extreme mouth of
the haibor is high and bold, admirably adapted to
earth-work and other batteries, and at sotnedistance
from the mouth are islands convenient for fortifica-
tion. From there, at short range, could be concen-
trated such a fire from modern ordnance as would bo
destructive to any fleet.
"And the cotnmitteehad before them the opinions
of such high authorities as. Bt igadier General Cullutn,
a distinguished engineer, who constructed the pres-
ent defenses there; aho, of Major General George B.
McClellan, General Dix, and Colonel Gates, each ot
whom had examined the locality with particular
reference to this question; and of a commission con-
sisting of Generals Totten, Barnard, and McComb,
confiuning the views of the board ot officers boloro
referred to, that 4 no harbor in the United Srntos
is more susceptible of defense then that of New
London.' The relation ot a navy-yard at New Lon-
don to the defense of tho city and commerce of
New York the Committee on Naval Affairs justly-
regarded as one of very great importance : and this
part of the subject acquires newinteiest from the
fact that it is proposed to widen and deepen tho
channel to Ilell Gate, so that vessels of largedraughfc
may reach and leave New York by that route, all of
which must pass to sea, through the 'Race/ near
New London.
"The committee said in their report, 1864: 'the
entrance to Long Island sound from the ocean is
through the nariow channel or gateway called the
"Race." Thisgateway is but four miles m width,
divided midway by a rock or ledge called " Vali.mt
rock." The ship channel entranoo to the sound is
consequently but two miles in width on each side
the "Valiant rock " Through one or the other of
these channels must pass every ship from the open
ocean; through these passed theGreu.t Eastern ou
her every trip, and through these came the Russian
fleet on its late visit to our shores. New London,
lying within a half hour's steaming, is the natuial
key and strategic protection to this gateway, and it
is the judgment of the highest mihtaiy and naval
authorities thata rendezvous of iron-elads, together
with some slight fortifications at the " lt.tce " itself,
would be a complete defense to the eastern ;i ppro.ich
of New York and the whole coast ltncof Connecti-
cut. An enemy's fleet once within this g.Ucwa> and
sate in Long Island sound—a great, man-of-war's
harbor itself—would not only have the be«t natuiai
roadstead on this continent from which to sally fot tli
tocutup the commerce and hi y our cit ies under con-
tribution, but would imperil the commercial meliop-
olis of the world/
" Through Long Islandsound is carried, by various
means of transportation, the rawmaferi.il to tho
New England spindles, much of which is returned m
the manutactured articles to New Yot k for domestic
and foreign markets. So large has thu commerce
become that more than fifty'thousand vessels have
passed the New London hght-boat, off the mouth
of the harbor, in a single year, calling forth (lie
memorable remark from Daniel Webster that * the
importance of this Mediterranean of the western
hemisphere would justify its being lighted like a
ball-room/ These have seemed very important
considerations to your committee, and if by the selec-
tion of a site which unites so many essential advan-
tages of its own, commercial interests ho vast and so
extended also derive incidental protection, the es-
tablishment of the proposed yard at this poiut would
appear to raise the question to one of national im-
portance and necessity, even beyond its immediate
use as a naval depot."
This is not a new subject, and I intend in its
discussion to state facts rather than deal in fine
words. By act of Congress approved March
2, 18G7, the Secretary of the Navy was author-
ized and directed to receive and accept a deed
of gift, when offered by the State of Connecti-
cut, of a tract of land situated on the Thames
river, near New London, Connecticut, with not
less than one mile of water front, to be held
by the United States for naval purposes. The
State of Connecticut made the purchase and
tendered the deed, which was accepted for the
Government by the Secretary of the Navy on
the 27th July, 18G8.
It will be observed that this site for a navy-
yard, extending a mile 011 the Thames river,
with ample depth of water for the largest ves-
sels in the world, was accepted by the'Govern-
ment after an examination of the Committee
on Naval Affairs. This same committee exam-
ined other sites, and among these League
