2S6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. op Reps.
Brooklyn Navy-Yard—Mr. Starkweather.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
As important in this connection, I submit
the action of the Chamber of Commerce of
New York, at a "meeting held June 2, 1864 :
Whereas tho Secretary of the Navy called the
attention of Congress to the necessity of an addi-
tional navy-yard and depot, adapted to the enlarged
wants of the country; and whereas the location of
said yard and depot is of vast, importance to our
city as a defense against foreien aggression; and
■whereas a board of six naval officers and engineers
were appointed under an order of Congress to sur-
vey and examine ("naming other sites] the harbor of
New London, Connecticut, with reference to their
capacity and fitness for that object, and to report by
theselcetion of which place the public interest would
be best promoted: and whereas a majority of the
said board, after devoting more than two months to
a careful, laborious, and thorough survey and exam-
ination of said sites, and after a full discussion of
thoir advantages, immediate and incidental, came
to tho conclusion "that the harbor of New London
possessed the necessary capacity and fitness for such
a yard, and that tho public interests would be pro-
moted by its establishment thore;" and whereas,
during the present session of Congress, the Naval
Committee, together with a. delegation from the Mil-
itary Committee and the Committee of Ways and
Means, have visited and personally examined the
said sites, and a majority havo recently reported m
favor of the harbor of New London: Therefore. _
itemlved, That in view of tho importance of tins
question to the whole country, and especially to the
interests of commerco and navigation, which are
especially protected by the Navy, and m which this
city is t-o deeply interested, this chamber fully con-
curs in the expression of opinion of the said hoard
of naval officers and engineers and of said Naval
Committee, and <lo earnestly urge upon Congress to
apocdily pass a law establishing the navy-yard and
depot at New London, and to appropriate tho moans
for carrying the samo into effect.
ftcHolvedi That the prcamblo and resolutions be
duly authenticated and transmitted to both Houses
of Congress by the hands of a committee, consisting
of Messrs. Marshall and McCuvdy.
.A. A.. LOWE.
President Chuiubcr of Commerce State of New York.
JOHN A USTIN STEVENS, Jr.,
Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce.
(Thirty-Eighth Congress, first session, Senate Mis.
Doc* Mo. 122.) _
"It is believed that less than ono quarter of tho
amount lor which tho Brooklyn yard could bo sold
would build a perfect naval establishment on the
Thames with much greater facilities and freo from
the numerous objections that have been shown to
uxifvt at tin* fTiner pUco. Cloarly, therefore, it is
the part of wisdom ami economy to disponso as soon
as it ciin be advantageously done with the Brooklyn
n.ivy-yard. The Treasury will thus be replenished
and i ho service benefited.
"Nor is it a matter of surprise that so great a
movement as tho discontinuance of tho Brooklyn
navy-jaid should bo the means of calling attention
to var ou«< localities. But tho Thames river stands
preeminoutabovethem all. It has altogether supe-
rior advantages, and has not the various objections
which apply to other proposed sites. This will be
apparent on a little investigation. Besides, tho Gov-
ernment is tho owner of aipileof shore front and
oiiihty-thu'o acre,> of laud on tho Thames, and an
appropriation of $10,000 has already been made for
its improvement.
" White the harbor of New London is always free
from ice, His well known that tho North river is
much obstructed and often closed by ico for several
months in tho year. At West Point, which has been
named, the ico ha« been piled up twelve feet high
No the papers have stated) during the present mild
winter, confining boats within its grasp and render-
ing navigation impossible, and those portions of tho
river neater to New York, which may not have been
frozen to tho same extent, are, when not entirely
closed, subjected to tho great torce of the ice in its
parage out, carried up and down tho river by tho
tide, so that v«*<solS cannot anchor there with safety.
The deposit* which arc constantly accumulating m
the North river present another strong objection,
which can bo but partially obviated, arid that only
at great and continual expense for dredging, while
the character of its banks, lifted up several hundred
feci, would M*em to indicate that nature itself frowned
upon the idea of placing a navy-yard there and had
entered a protest againstit. Besides, the North river
is overcrowded already, and will be more so in the
future, wila vessels of every description. Irom the
20th day ot April till winter closes navigation there
are hundreds of canal-boats and produce boats pass-
ing up and down that river in raits towed by power-
ful .steamboats, and in such numbers at tunes as
wholly to obstruct navigation. This is a fact too
weii known to be disputed. The New Yoik Times
of March 1:5, 1S70, speaking on the subject, says:
4 the posses-ion of the navy-yard is now a very small
matter for New York, with her enormous commerce,
and her policy is to iiee hei estuaric3 rather than to
trowd them. This will in time be still more import-
ant to the Noith river than now.'
" Another site which has been proposed on the
•Hudson nver is near Piermont, a.nd its friends say
in a published statement that 'it contains about
seven hundred and forty acr^, with a frontage ot
three miles on the Hudson river, one third of which
is dry land at high water.' So here is a proposition
for the Government to purchase some five hundred
acres of water and make dry land of it.I The wharf
at Piermont is about one mile in length, which, ac-
cording to the Coast Survey chart, reaches water
about ten feet ki depth, while it is nearly half a mile
further to the channel, or to where eighteen feet of
water is found. Tho channel is at least from half a
mile to a mile from the shore at the point where it
is suggested to putanavy-yard, and what is the char-
actor of the shore itself? The land rises precipi-
tously from four to five hundred, and even six hun-
dred, feet along the river.
"At Ilaverstrawthe same objections apply as do
to the proposed site at Piermont. Tho channel is at
least half a mile from the shore, and the hills are of
similar height. Besides, the further up the river wo
get the greater the objections on account of ico.
Nautical men give no hood to tho proposition of
locating a navy-yard at either of the points named,
or at any other, as far as I have learned.
"But, aside from the obstruction by ice and the
crowded state of navigation in the North river; aside
from the topographical objections, distance from the
channel or submergence under water; aside from
the high, sullen walls which nature has thrown along
the bank of so much of that river, forbidding aeoess
to the mainland; aside from tho large deposits which
are forming yearly, rendering it uncertain whether
a navy-yard placed here would long continue to be
in navigable waters for large vessels; aside from all
these objections, any one of which would seem to be
fatal, there is still another objection which a prudent
foresight would not be wilting to encounter, ono
which oven now would be severely felt and which
at no distant day might become insuperable.
"1 refer, of course, to the insufficient depth of
water on the bar at Sandy Hook. The depth of water
here at thecntrancoto the North river is but twenty-
two feet, while at the shallowest point at the entrance
to" the Thames river the water is twenty-seven feet
in depth atlow tide. It is well known thatthe mail
and other large steamers leaving New York harbor
time their hours of sailing so as to take advantago
of tho udo. Thqy draw from twenty-one to twenty-
two feet, and yet find this precaution necessary.
How will it bo with vessels of war of much larger
draught? Tho difficulty has already been feltat tho
Brooklyn yard to a considerable extent. We havo
tho Franklin, the Minnesota, the Wabash, the Col-
orado steam-frigates, drawing about twenty-five feet
ready for sea. None of them can go out of Sandy
Hook, except at nearly high water. Wo know that
from high water to high water is twelve hours. Sup-
pose it should bo necessary to send ono of these frig-
ate* from New York harbor in the winter season,
when tho days arc short, and it should happen to be
low water at twelve o'clock, how should she bo got
out? She might havo to wait through the entire
day, and in caso tho woather was foggy, she might
havo to wait several days.
" Js it wise, then, to think of establishing a navy-
yard where, if we build iron-clad vessels to compare
with other nations, England, France, and Spain,
drawing twenty-six and twenty-seven feet of water,
they would bo built but to bo imprisoned, or only to
escape at somefortunatomomentwhen heavy south-
east gales and springtides should combine to release
them. 4 It is lndir-pensablo,' said the eminent naval
contractor, Mr. Delano, in a paper laid before tho
Committee on Naval Affairs, who, in 1804, examined
and reported in favor of the Thames nver, 'it is
indispensable, to make any naval station first-class,
to have a depth of at least twenty-live feet of water
at low tide.' 'And,' said the distinguished ship-
builder, Donald McKay, in a letter dated December
1G, 1803, which was laid before that committee, 'we
are upon the threshold of a new era iu naval archi-
tecture. No one can tell what the exigencies of the
coming years may call for in tho eize and draught of
naval vessels.' And he adds:/The naval ports of
Prance arid England are not limited in draught of
water, and thoir docks are now being altered and new
ones constructed to receive their iron-eased vessels,
which draw from twenty-five to twenty-seven feet.'
"The British Government has many armor-plated
ships drawing twenty-six feot of water and over.
The Lord Clyde and the Lord Warden, built pre-
viously to I860, draw twenty-six feet and six inches.
The Secretary of tho Navy, m his repoit for 18(31), con-
trasting the numbers and tonnage of American naval
vessels with those of England and Prance, remarks:
'Both Prfincc and England, since the date (1868) at
winch the comparison is made, have added largely
to the number and power of their respective naval
establishments, while we have not increased nor
until lately preserved ours.'
"There can be no doubt, if wise counsels prevail,
that the Brooklyn navy-yard will be transferred to
the Thames river, where is ample scope, both of land
and water, and every requisite for the Navy; where
maybe laid broad and strong the foundations for its
future greatness and power, and where there is room
for its expansion and improvement with toe growth
of the country and the progress of the world. Cer-
tain it is that should our vessels of war be made to
hold respectable comparison with those of foieign
nations the deep waters of,the Thames will be a Gov-
ernment neces&ity.
"It ought to be mentioned in this place that nav-
igation is far more safe from the ocean by way of
Moutauk Point to New London, and thence to sea,
than it is by way of Sandy Hook to and from the
North river, a consideration of no small moment
when onetakes into account the large number of ves-
sels going to and from the yard. And here we aro
reminded of a fact, which at the time struck pain
and anguish into the American heart, that tho in-
vincible Decatur, the pride of the "Navy, the hero of
many seas, in the winter of 1815, for no fault of his
own, while in command of the United States frigate
President, was compelled to surrender to the British
frigate Endymion, and became the prisoner of our
enemy. On the evening of the 15th of January,
1815, Commodore Decatur weighed anchor in tho
President, and, with his pilot, attempted to put to
sea. 'The ship,' to use his own words, lin going out
grounded on the bar, where she continued to strike
heavily for an hour and a half.' *■ * * * 'It
became necessary to force her over tho bar beforo
tho tide fell.' Although she had broken several of
her rudder-braces, and had received other material
injury, the next day he was called to encounter tho
British frigate Endymion, and, Decatur's own vessel
having lost her sailing qualities, he was obliged to
surrender.
"TLie opinion of the court of inquiry concerning
the loss of the President was given in these words :
'The primary cause of the loss of the President was
her running upon the bar as she was leaving this
port, [New York.] ller hogged and twisted appear-
ance after slio had arrived at Bermuda must have
been the effect of that unfortunate#accident.' The
historian adds, 'Finding resistance vain and escapo
impossible, for the first and only time in his life
Commodore Decatur lowered his flag.'
"It is to be hoped that the national patriotism
will not be made to mourn, nor the national flag to
droop again from the like cause. Nor ought it to bo •
forgotten that Decatur's squadron, consisting of tho
frigate United States, tho Macedonian, and the sloop
of war Hornet, was moored during a previous winter
in the Thames, two miles above the point now
selected for a navy-yard. And it is proper here to
say that he subsequently, after having thus obtained
a thorough knowledge of tho character of the river
and its surroundings, wrote a letter to Commodore
G-. W.Rodgers, saying: '1 wish there might be a
navy-yard at New London, for I know of no other
place possessing so many advantages.'"
Looking, tlien, to the present as well as the
future, the conclusion is irresistible, that the
highest interest of the nation requires the re-
moval of the Brooklyn navy-yard ; that all our
varied interests in peace, as well as in war, call
for this action ; that n the surest and cheapest
safeguard against the calamities of war is the
requisite preparation to meet it;" that econ-
omy as well as national security and national
defense demands this action, and at an early
day.
Mr. Speaker, looking to the future of this
great country, soon to be the home of one
hundred millions of the most happy, intelligent,
free, and prosperous people on the globe, this
question becomes one of unsurpassed interest
and importance.
The followingis a brief summary of the argu-
ments on this subject:
The reasons which originally led to the selec-
tion of this site were, no doubt—
First, its supposed adaption to the defense
of New York; and
Second, its vicinity to the sources of supply
for labor, materials, &c.
These reasons, however controlling at the
time of its selection, have but little or no
bearing upon the question of its continu-
ance; for—
1. The experience of modern naval warfare
has demonstrated the indispensable necessity
of locating the base of defense at a distance
from the objective point of attack. The rapid
growth of New York and Brooklyn has now
brought the site into the heart of the com-
merce of those cities. This fact renders the
navy-yard, not only inadequate as a means of
defense, but a positive element of weakness,
inasmuch as a hostile attack would involve at
one blow both the destruction of the yard and
the cities and commerce which it was located
to defend.
2. The increased facilities for transportation
by land and water have brought New York
into easy and cheap communication with any
point on the coast where it would be desirable
to collect the materials and labor for a naval
establishmen t.
The reasons which induced the original selec-
tion having ceased to be controlling, the ques-
tion is now presentee! to Congress whether it
