18H-.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Indians—Mr. Armstrong.
Ho. of Reps.
ought not to discontinue the establishment at
a place conceded to be insufficient and ill
adapted to the purpose, and at once adopt a site
possessing all the advantages for a great naval
establishment. This course, it is believed, is
demanded by the best interests of the Navy
and by sound considerations of public economy.
1. The present site, in the estimation of the
Department and of good judges, conversant
with its value, would readily sell for more than
twenty millions of dollars.
2. A new site, with vastly superior advan-
tages, can be thoroughly completed and
equipped as a first-class naval establishment
for less than $5,000,000, a net saving to the
country of at least $15,000,000.
3. The discontinuance is strongly recom-
mended by the Bureau of Yards and Docks in
their report embodied in the last report of the
Secretary of the Navy. It is urged by the Repre-
sentative of the Brooklyn district in the House,
who asks it in the name of the commercial con-
stituency which he represents. The Chamber
of Commerce of New Yorkana a large number
ofitsleading merchants havealso memorialized
the Secretary of the Navy to take immediate
steps toward the preparation of a site (now in
possession of the Government) which affords
protection to the commerce of the city with
which they are so largely identified.
The following are some of the prominent
objections to the present site:
1. The available water front is insufficient.
This occasions great inconvenience and delay
in the frequent removal of vessels, and often a
large expense in hiring private docks for their
accommodation.
2. There is no adjacent roadstead in which
vessels can safely anchor while going into or
out of commission, the waters in front of the
yard bei ng constantly traversed by the immense
navigation of the city.
3. The channel is narrow, and subject to
extraordinary deposits from the sewerage of
the city, involving a large annual expense for
dredging.
4. A right of way is reserved to the city for
drainage through the yard, and the contents
of its sewers are discharged into the docks
where the vessels lie. The effect of this, as
stated by the bureau and the commandant of
the yard, is "to destroy in a few months the
copper on the bottoms of vessels."
5. The area of land is inadequate to the
wants of a first-class establishment, and can-
not be enlarged without enormous expense.
7. The growth of the cities of Brooklyn and
Williamsburg, up to and around the yard, ren-
ders it difficult to preserve its police arrange-
ments or the morale of its operatives.
8. The immediate neighborhood of exten-
sive oil-works, gas-works, and other manufac-
turing establishments threatens at all times
the property of the Government collected
here—amounting to many millions of dollars—
with destruction by fire.
THE SITE OX THE THAMES.
If the Brooklyn yard is discontinued, the
Government is not driven to the experiment
of finding a better, nor is it subject to the
extortion of speculators in its purchase; for—
1. It has already accepted, as a gift from the
State of Connecticut, a site upon the Thames
river, near New London, Connecticut, and has
taken an indefeasible title thereto, upon the
express trust to adapt it to naval uses, and
upon it has already expended an appropriation.
2. This site was accepted after a thorough
examination by a board of naval officers and
engineers, (including the engineer of the Bu-
reau of Yards and Docks,) who recommended
it as remarkably adapted for the purpose.
3. It was also examined by order of the
House, by the Committee on Naval Affairs of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, who, after per-
sonal inspection and a hearing of all the facts
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 17.
and arguments, recommended it as possessing
all the requisites of a great naval establish-
ment.
Among its many advantages may be briefly
enumerated the following: „
1. One continuous mile of available water
front, with a channel adjoining of from twenty-
seven to thirty-six feet in depth.
2. An adjoining basin or roadstead, with
good anchorage, ample to contain the whole
Navy of the United States, a very important
condition for a first-class naval station.
3. Easy access to and from the ocean, with
a channel free from ice, fast or floating, at all
seasons.
4. An ample area of land, which can be
extended to meet any possible requirement of
the service.
5. The land is nearly a level plateau, at an
elevation sufficient to protect it from the tide,
affording secure foundations for heavy super-
structures, without the necessity of piling.
6. Granite and timber may be found in
abundance in the immediate vicinity, suffi-
cient for the construction of walls, docks,
and buildings of every description.
7. Railroads and steamboats connect the
site with the great sources of supply of ship
timber, labor, and materials used in such an
establishment.
8. The location of the site seven miles from
the mouth of the river places it out of the
range of.any known projectile, while the pres-
ence of Ports Trumbull and Griswold and a
formidable water battery at the entrance of
the harbor renders1 it not only defensible but
already defended.
9. The protection of the city of New York
and its commerce is of paramount importance.
The location of the new yard must afford that
protection without its own defense being in-
volved in that of the city.
The site at New London happily answers
these conditions. It is nearly opposite the
entrance to Long Island sound from the ocean.
By this entrance New York is exposed to the
approach of a hostile fleet on the east. Long
Island sound, with Gardiner's bay and adja-
cent waters, is a great roadstead, which, once
entered by an enemy's fleet, would furnish
anchorage and a haven from which he could
threaten the city of New York and cut off the
commerce of New England from its accus-
tomed market. It was here that the British
fleet lay during the war of 1812, threatening
our whole coast line. This entrance, in the
event of a naval war, must at all hazards be
kept inviolate. New London, by its strategic
position, is the key to this gateway, and the
presence of an adequate naval force at the
station on the Thames, within less than an
hour's steaming, would, in the judgment of
eminent naval authorities, afford the best pos-
sible security against the lodgment of a hostile
fleet in this great natural roadstead. The de-
fense of this gateway contributes alike to the
security of the city and the station, but the
loss of neither necessarily involves the Safety
of the other.
In view of these considerations, it is sub-
mitted to Congress whether it is wiser to con-
tinue the expenditure of large sums of money
annually (the estimate for this year being
$800,000) upon a station which must at no
distaut day be abandoned, or to sell it at once,
and apply a small portion of the proceeds
toward establishing a yard at a site (already
accepted) which possesses so many natural
advantages and at the same time affords that
protection to the commerce of New York which
its importance demands.
We have demonstrated our capacity for self-
government. We have crushed a rebellion
causeless in its beginning and giant in its pro-
portions. All the old States are restored, and
new stars shine out anew on the old flag. The
past is securebut recent events remind us
that we are the envy of England and some
of the continental European Powers. We
occupy the gateway of commerce and empire
between Europe and the countless population
of Asia and India. Our commerce is soon to
cover every sea. The ocean cable speaks to
us from the "great deep" as it touches our
shores and links us to the civilization of all
lands and peoples, with an eloquence almost
divine.
_ As we survey our great land, like a young
giant amongthe nations, with his head crowned
with the "jewels of northern clime " and his
loins girded by the tropics, a land bounded by
two oceans, with its twenty thousand miles of
ocean coast and twice as many thousand more
of lakes and rivers, the vision of the seer and
prophet of inspiration is repeated:
"Behold, on the north three gates, on the south
three gates, on the cast three gates, and on the west
three gates."
Let us keep securely our goodly heritage
from all intruders by a wise preparation for
the emergencies of the future, and guard well
the gateway of empire and Christian civiliza-
tion. _ Let us build wisely and well. And hav-
ing given this subject patient consideration, I
see no better way of talcing security for the
future than by giving efficiency to our Navy
and rebuilding our navy-yards on a wise, com-
prehensive, and economical plan.
The Indians—Their lands—Settlement.
SPEECH OP HON. W. H. ARMSTRONG,
of pennsylvania,  
In the House of Representatives,
February 27, 1871,
On the bill (H. E. No. 3043) for the consolidation of
the Indian titles and the establishment of a system
of government in the Indian Territory.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, this bill
proposes to deal with a question of great
national importance and urgency. That the
policy of the Government heretofore pursued
toward the Indians must be in some respects
changed is universally admitted; but the mode
of doing it, so as best to harmonize their rights
with the national necessities, is a problem sur-
rounded with difficulties of no ordinary mag-
nitude. The necessity for bringing them under
civilizing and Christianizing influences is man-
ifest and pressing ; and it can scarcely be
doubted that in a future not very distant they
must be either civilized or exterminated.
The end proposed by this bill is to provide
a limited territory, of reasonable extent, within
which all the Indian tribes which now obstruct
the settlement of the country shall be gathered.
As an inducement, it is proposed to organize
them under a territorial government, which
shall be placed under their own control, so far
as is consistent with the maintenance of the
national sovereignty and the interests of the
nation at large.
This project is not new, and has had the
careful consideration not only of this, but of
preceding Administrations.
To thisend the Government, in 1866, obtained
a retrocession from the Cherokees, Choctaws,
and Chickasaws, Creeks and Seminoles, of the
territory lying, for the most part, west of the
ninety-sixth meridian. And in the several
treaties this purpose is distinctly expressed,
and the tribes agree, that the Indians to be
removed therein, or settled within the limits
still reserved, shall be incorporated as part of
the tribe within which they settle.
In furtherance of the same purpose the sev-
eral treaties of 1866 provide for the assembling
of a general council of all the tribes within the
Territory.
Pursuant to these treaties a grand council
convened at Ocmulgee on the 27th day of
