262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. of Reps.
The Indians—Mr, Armstrong.
41st Gong 3d Sess.
culminate in extensive confederation of the
tribes, and a general outburst of war, with all
its savage horrors and its vast expense. Let
not such responsibility rest upon Congress
without at least an effort to consolidate the
tribes in peace, and with just regard to their
rights within one limited but ample territory,
easily accessible and easily defended. Thus
will we relieve all other Territories, as fast as
necessity may require, from this barrier to
the extension of settlement, and this prolific
source of trouble. I cannot exaggerate its im-
portance. It is the manifest interest of the
Government to promote the settlement of the
public lands; and it will not longer be toler-
ated that one fifth of it shall be withheld from
settlement for the benefit of tribes who are
wholly unfitted and unable to occupy if. It is
no longer the policy, even were it practicable,
to repress these settlements with violence ; yet
the national faith stands pledged, by her sol-
emn treaties, to protect the Indians in the ex-
clusive enjoyment of their lands. It behooves
the nation at once to address herself to the
solution of this question. She must preserve
her plighted faith, and yet must open these
reservations to settlement by obtaining the
retrocession of the lands she has conveyed
upon the best terms she can procure. It will
be far cheaper than war, and preserve the
national honor from reproach.
1 am aware that within the last few years
there has been cm attempt to solve this problem
in the interests of settlers, speculators, and cor-
porations, by denying the validity of all treaties
made with the Indians purporting to set apart
any portion of the public lands for their exclu-
sive occupation^ and asserting that all such
lands not occupied by actual settlers are as
much open to selection under the preemption
laws as if no such treaties had been made.
_ Ijrom this proposition I wholly dissent. It
is important, iu this connection, to note the
distinction between the rights of property and
tlie rights of sovereignty. The first are defined
and beeoine vested according to the terms of
tlie^rant. I he second are inalienable, and rest
m the discretion oi the Government, to be ex-
ercised over every part of its territory without
leUn-hmderance; and any provision of a treaty
v\ ith the tribes purporting to restrain its exer-
cise I would bold to be void. The people have
not conferred upon their .Representatives the
power to carve out from its midst a portion of
territory which shall be exempt fiom its gov-
ernmental control. Such power would not be
conceded for a moment, as respects a "foreign
State, to the President, "with the advice and
consent ot the Senate," as within the treaty-
making power, nor could it be claimed to be
\yUhm the power of Congress. To claim it for
the Indian tribes is little less than absurd. I
would protect their rights ot property accord-
ing to the contract. I would govern them as
the mterestsof the nation at large may demand
In United States vs. Uogers, (4 Howard,
ui2,) it is said;
and clearly established to admit
oi uibptuo that tho Indmn tribe*rcMdmgwithmtho
their authority'"0^' United tiUites are subject to
Upon this point the decisions are numerous
and uniform.
At the close of the Revolution, and " after
accepting the cession of the soil and jurisdic-
tion of the western territory, and resolving to
form a temporary government and create new,
free, sovereign, and independent States, Con-
gress resolved, in March, 1785, to hold atreaty
with the western Indians. 'I hey gave instruc-
tions wholly incompatible with the national or
sovereign character of the Indians wish whom
they were about to treat." (0 Peters. 193.)
,lirrl,c the Cherokee?. a powerful and war-
r;?r i S®'0®1'™ Virginia to the Gulf.
itfloV'Culu i a was made with the OUor-
'ln the th«d article of which ' the Indians, for
themselves and their respective tribes and towns, do
acknowledge all the Cherokee?, to be under the
protection of the United States.'" (Oherokees us.
Georgia, 5 Peters, 1.)
The general sovereignty of government,
which, for public reasons and for public good, is
exercised over the persons and property of the
nation, is a power wholly distinct and separate
from that which deals with the adverse claims
of title and private property. The one attaches
to the soil and to the people as an inalienable
attribute, inherentin the nature of government.
The other is a mere question of vested rights,
dependent upon the true construction of the
instruments of title under the Constitution and
the laws. I do not believe the Government,
with a plan prepared as provided in this bill,
will encounter any insuperable difficulties in
securing from the Indians, by voluntary ces-
sion, all the territory that may be needed for
the accommodation of advancing civilization ;
but, if driven to the extremity of its lawful
power, I do not' hesitate to say, that in the
exercise of it3 rights of eminent domain it
can appropriate any of tho lands covered by
Indian reservations when the " public use "
requires it; but it must be upon "just com-
pensation " made. Nor do I doubt that Con-
gress could declare the necessity of settlement,
the suppression ofdisorderwithin the Territory,
and the general pacification of the border, a
sufficient " public use " to justify such appro-
priation. There could be but little difficulty in
reaching an adjustment of the compensation.
It has been repeatedly held that private prop-
erty may be taken for public use at an appraised
valuation ; and there can be little doubt that
the appropriation of the proceeds of sale to the
uses of the Indians would be not only satisfac-
tory to them, but, under our peculiar relations
with them, in the recognized relationship of
guardian and ward, a sufficient compliance
with the constitutional requirement.
If this view be correct, it becomes a question
for the exercise of the sound discretion of Con-
gress, dealing with the rights of Indians as
they would deal with the rights of other per-
sons, according to a just interpretation of the
contract, with all the restrictions, limitations,
or conditions which attach to the grant. In
this manner it may be determined where and
to what extent these lands may be opened to
settlement; but never until provision is made
for "just compensation" to the Indians for
whatever part of the lands may thus be taken
for "public use." And until such legislation
shall open them to settlement every white man
who enters is an intruding trespasser, whom
the United States is under covenant obliga-
tions to eject.
I cannot but think there is a vital distinction
as respects the title to Indian lands which has
been too frequently overlooked. There is a
long line of decisions which recognize the " In-
dian title " as a right of occupancy only. But
in all these cases the courts have reference to
that original occupation which depended upon
possession alone, without any law, treaty, or
deed whatever.
On the discovery of the continent the Euro-
pean nations claimed title as discoverers, but
the Indians were admitted to—
'/ Possess a present right of occupancy or use in the
soil, which was subordinate to the ultimate domin-
ion ot the discoverer. They were admitted to be the
rightful occupants of the soil, with a legal as well as
a just claim to retain possession of it and use it ac-
cording to their own discretion. In a certain sense
they were permitted to exercise rights of sovereignty
oyer it. They might sell or transfer it to the sover-
eign who discovered it; but they were denied tho
authority to dispose of it to any other persons; and,
until such a sale or transfer, they were generally per-
mJtted to occupy it as sovereigns cLe facto.
But notwithstanding this occupancy, the Euro-
pean discoverers claimed and exercised the right to
grant the soil while yet in possession of the natives,
subject, however, to their right of occupancy; and
the title so granted whs universally admitted to con-
voy a sufficient title in the soil to the grantees, in
pci'lect dominion.
"The title of the Indians was not treated as a right
of propriety and dominion, but as a mere right of
occupancy." (Story on the Const., vol. 1, pp. 5.6,101.)
So, also, in Cherokee Nation vs. State of
Georgia, (5 Peters, 48,) Justice Marshall, deliv-
ering the opinion of the court, says:
" Though the Indians are acknowledged to have an
unquestionable and heretofore unquestioned right
to the lands they occupy, until that right shall bo
extinguished by a voluntary cession to our Govern-
ment,they occupy a territory to which we assert a
title independent of their will, which mast take
effect in point ot possession when tjiat right of pos-
session ceases."
Iu Worcester us. State of Georgia, (6 Peters,
580,) it is said :
"Their right of occupancy has never been ques-
tioned; but the fee in the soii has been considered
in tho Government. This may be called the right to
the ultimate domain; but the Indians have apresent
right of possession."
In Johnson vs. Mcintosh (8 Wheaton, 754)
it was held that " the Government possesses
the exclusive right of granting the soil to
individuals," subject- only to the Indian right
of occupancy;" but in Latimer et al. vs.
Poteet, the Supreme Court say :
" The Indian title being only aright of occupancy,
the State of North Carolina had the power to grant
the fee in the lauds subject to this right."
In 4 How., 507, United States vs. Itoges,
it is held—
"The United States have adopted tho principle
originally established by Europeannations, namely :
that the aboriginal tribes of Indians in North
America are not regarded as the owners of the ter-
ritories which they respectively occupicci. Their
country was divided and was parceled out as if it
had been vacant and unoccupied land/'
In the United States vs. Clark (6 Peters,
168) it is said :
"Indian possession or occupation was considered
with reference to their habits and modes ot lite.
Their hunting-grounds were as much in their actual
possession as tho cleared lields of the whites, and
their rights to its exclusive enjoyment in their own
way, and for their own purposes, were ns much
respccted until they abandoned them, mado a ccs-
sfon to the Government, or an authorized salo to
individuals. In either case their rights became
extinct; the lands could be granted disencumbered
of the light of occupancy, or enjoyed in full dominion
by the purchasers from the Indians. Such was tho
tenure ot Indian lnaids by the laws of Massachusetts,
Connecticut, lihodo Island, New Hampshire, New
York, Now Jersey. Pennsylvania, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia."
Grants made by Indians, according to their
custom, have been universally held to divest
their title, and, when assented to by the United
States, to pass a perfect title to the purchaser.
Such has been the holding of the courts as
respects original Indian title. But a wholly
different doctrine has prevailed as to such titles
as any Indian nation or tribe has acquired from
the United States by treaty or grant. They
have uniformly been held sacred.
In Cherokee Nation vs. State of Georgia, (5
Peters, 1,) the court say :
"The condition of the Indians, in relation to the
united States, is perhaps unlike that of any other
two people in existence. In general nations not
owing aeommon allegiance areforeign to each other.
But the relation of the Indians to the United States
is marked by peculiar and cardinal distinctions which
exist nowhere else." * * * * "They
may be denominated domestic dependent nations.
Xhey look to our Government for protection, rely
upon its kindness and power, appeal to it for relief
to their wants, and address the President as their
great father." * - * * They are not
foreign nations' nor 'foreign States' within the
Constitution."
In Worcester vs. The State of Georgia (6
Peters, 515) they are "considered as distinct
independent political communities, retaining
their original natural rights as the undisputed
possessors of the soil from time immemorial."
The treaty system was a necessity of the
time, inaugurated by Congress under resolu-
tion of March, 1785, when the Indians were
strong and we were weak. The treaties have
been adhered to with fidelity thus far by both
the contracting parties; and now that the cir-
cumstances are reversed, it is not for us to
repudiate our obligations when we have reaped
our profits of the contract.
