1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Indians—Mr. Armstrong.
Ho. OE Pi EPS.
In Fletcher vs. Peck (6 Crancb, 87) the
court say:
"But the tribes of Indians inhabiting the country
were fierce savages, whose occupation was war, ana
whose subsistence was drawn chiefly from the forest.
To leave them in possession of the country was to
leave the country a wilderness; to govern them as a
distinct people was impossible, because they were as
brave and as high-spirited as they were fierce, and
were ready to repel by arms every attempt on their
independence."
Prior to the grant by the United States of a
reservation to any tribe other than that in ori-
ginal possession, the Govern merit has invariably
extinguished the original right of occupation,
and having in themselves a perfect title, sub-
ject only to this acknowledged Indian right of
occupancy, when they had extinguished that,
they became the absolute owner in fee, clear
of every condition, limitation, or. restriction
■whatever, and could convey the same or any
part of it to any party capable of contracting,
either in fee or for any less estate, and sub-
ject. to such limitations or restrictions as they
saw fit to express, and to no other; and every
patent title from the United States rests upon
this foundation.
That the Indians were parties capable of con-
tracting, and capable of contracting by treaty,
cannot be successfully maintained in the face of
the uniform decisions of all the States which
have passed upon their treaty rights, and of the
multiplied decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States. Nor is there any decision any-
where, so far as'my research has extended, that
denips the validity of a title granted by treaty
by the United States to an Indian nation or
tribe. But not only have the treaties on which
t.hey depend been repeatedly sustained by the
courts, bntthey havebeen affirmed by Congress,
not,only by annual appropriations to fulfill them,
but by directrecognition. I hold, then, that such
titles are to be construed according to the just
interpretation of the deed, like all other titles
passing under judicial review, and to be judged
by the Same rules of evidence and interpreta-
tion, and subject to every condition and limit-
ation which properly attaches to the title, and
to no other.
I can see no sufficientbasis for the distinction
which recognizes a treaty as valid and sufficient
to convey title from the Indians to the United
States, but denies its validity to convey title
from the United States to them. Such is not the
teaching of honor or of common honesty, nor
does it accord with the rulings of the courts. So
clear does it seem to have been regarded that I
know of no case in which the question has been
distinctly raised but it has been incidentally
held as not open to question, and Indian trea-
ties have been interpreted favorably to them.
" The State of Georgia, having by treaty with the
Cherokees defined the boundaiies of their lands,
issued their patent to a purchaser for lands partly
within them. It was held to be void as to all the
land within the Indian territory, and good :\s to the
balance." (Patterson vs. Jcnks, 2 Peters, 216.)
In the case of The Kansas Indians (5 Wal-
lace, 737) it is said:
"Rules of interpretation favorable to the Indian
tribes are to be adopted in construing our treaties
with them."
But it is not necessary to cite authorities.
The asserted invalidity of land grants to Indians
is a doctrine of modern invention, founded, I
apprehend, not so much upon constitutional
or legal construction, as upon the supposed
necessity of declaring them void in order to
open the lands to settlement.
I have endeavored to show that such posi-
tion is untenable, and to iudicate the mode in
■which, as I venture to suggest, the whole ques-
tion comes within the constitutional power of
Congress, and without violating her obligations
to the weakest of her dependents.
That the treaty system has long outlived its
usefulness is clear, and equally so that it should
cease. But it rests with the legislative, not the
judicial power, to end it. It cannot be de-
stroyed by refinements of judicial construction,
nor will the courts assume the responsibility
of refusing to execute contracts which the
political power of the Government has made.
So long as Congfess recognizes the tribes as
parties with whom we may contract by treaty,
so long the right is vested by the Constitution
in the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties with
them, and the courts will enforce them. The
remedy consists in refusing to recognize the
tribes as independent persons. In the follow-
ing resolution, which 1 had the honor to intro-
duce on the 11th instant, I endeavored to em-
body this idea, and I believe it would be an
effectual remedy for very great abuses:
Resolved by the Senate and Souse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe
within the territory of the United States shall be
acknowledged or recognized as an independent na-
tion, tribe, or power, with whom the United States
may contract by treaty: and all contracts or agree-
ments whatever hereafter made by and between
them, or any of them, and the United States shall be
subject to theapproval of Congress: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed to in-
validate or impair the obligation of any treaty here-
tofore lawfully made and ratified with any such
Indian nation or tribe.*
The consideration of this subject has necessa-
rily involved some consideration of our general
relations with the Indians. They are wholly
anomalous, and have grown out of the early
condition of the country, and were as unavoid-
able in the beginning as they are troublesome
now. When the Indians were removed west
of the Mississippi, it was not thought probable
that the lands then assigned them would be
required for white settlement for many years,
perhaps centuries. The pressing necessity was
to acquire complete possession of the lands
east of the Mississippi, and the lands west of
it were assigned and guarantied to them for-
ever, in quantities commensurate with their
condition and modes of life and subsistence.
They were noruadic, and the extent of their
possession was proportionate to the territory
*Note.—On the 1st day of March, instant, the con-
ference committee on the Indian appropriation bill
reported the bill with amendments, and the report
was adopted by both the Senate and the House.
Daring the debate Mr. Sakgent said :
Mr. Speaker, I call the attention of the House to
the fact that the contest which bus now proceeded
for some five ov six years over the question whet.h> r
the Senate had the right, or should continue to exer-
cise the power, to make treaties with the scattered
bands of Indians within our own territory has been
yielded by the Senate by the resultof the committee
of conterence now reported to the House, the Senate
having agreed to that report. Weliave incorporated
in the bill, with the consent of the Senate, these
words:
" That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe within
the territory of the United States shall be acknowl-
edged or recognized as an independentnation, tribe,
or power with whom the Unit-ed States may contract
by treaty: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to invalidate or impair the obli-
gation of any treaty heretofore lawfully made and
ratified with any such Indian nation or tribe."
I think it is a matter of congratulation for the
House that this result has been attained. The con-
sequences will befar-reaching. It will save millions
of money to the Treasury. It breaks up a most im-
provident system, and admits^ the right of the House
of Representatives to deal with these questions by
legislation. The amendment which is incorporated
in the bill came from the Indian Committee, and was
proposed to be incorporated in another bill. It was
drawn. I believe, by my friend irom Pennsylvania,
^Mr. Akmstkokg.] The amendment is substantially
in the language of the proposition reported by
him. * * *   * * * * *
1 now yield for two minutes to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Armstrong.]
Sir. Armstrong. Mr. Speaker, iheresolution which
I had the honor to introduce early in February, and
to which the honorable chairman of the committee
has referred as having been imbodied in the report
under consideration, I am happy to believe, settles
definitively the vexed and troublesome question of
Indian treaties.
The right to make treaties is vested by the Consti-
tution in the " President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate." As a power vested by
the direct provision of the Constitution, it is lifted
beyond the control of Congress; for it is plain that
it is not competent by force of a mere law to with-
draw a power conferred by the Constitution. But
requisite for their hunting life. Railroads and
telegraphs have so changed and diminished the
relations of time and space that what was waste
and useless for all purposes of civilization is
now not only desirable, but necessary for the
extended development of the national interests
and energy.
if the mode I suggest of dealing with the
question is novel, it is not more so than the
circumstances which give it rise. I can con-
ceive of no "public use" greater than that
which, in recognition of the advanced and
rapidly advancing civilization of the age, takes
down the barriers which obstruct its progress,
and converts the now unprofitable territory of
the country into fertile fields, and hastens the
civilization of the savage tribes who roam at
will over land they cannot occupy nor enjoy.
If there be no precedent for declaring such
appropriation of lands for the purposes of
settlement a u public use" I can conceive the
propriety of making one. The interests at stake
involve the issues of life, liberty, and property
upon the border, and the questions of peace
or war with the tribes, the expendiluie of
many millions of dollars, the increase of the
public debt, the extension of the area of civ-
ilization, and the general peace and security
of citizens, who have a right to demand the
protection of their Government for themselves
and their families. In presence of questions
of such enormous consequence the chartering
of a railroad and the appropriation of land
for its construction dwindle as a "public use"
to comparative insignificance. Upon both the
right and the expediency of such solution of
the question I am entirely clear, and nothing
but the judgment of that high court of last
resort, to whose judgments we bow with will-
ing confidence and respect, will change the
condition of my mind, that we have the right
so to appropriate a necessary portion of their
lands and open them to survey and settlement,
upon '• justcompensation made," in the exer-
cise of our sovereign rights of eminent domain,
the right to determine who are nations or Powers
with whom the United States will contract by treaty
; belongs to the political power of the Government.
I or. in other words, the law-making power. While I
: hold all treaties duly made and ratified by the Sen-
ate to be inviolable, I believe it to be fully competent
' lor Congress to declare thatthis Government will not
; in the future recognize any foreign State or power
I whom they may cnoose to designate, and where fur-
J tlier recognition is in theirjudginent inimical to the
i national interests. Much more may they withdraw
ourrecogmtion of the national character of a people
in the anomalous condition of an Indian tribe. The
recognition of one Government by another is a mat-
ter of political expediency as to all future contracts
or treaties. Wo may lawfully refuse and by law
dcclarc that we will withdraw our recognition and
will not hereafter recognize as a Power with who in
we will contract by treaty even France, or England, or
any other nation whatever; and such nation would
have no risht to interfere with such exercise of our
sovereign discretion. She could rightly insist upon
the fulfill ment of all our covenant obligations already
contracted, but she could not force herself upon our
continued recognition beyond the limit of our own
discretion. It is a Question of comity, and not of
absolute right.
The remedy, therefore, in my judgment,, consists
not in the denial of the right of the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
make treaties with Indian tribes, for they stand at
present recognized by a,11 departments of the Gov-
ernment as competent Powers, and so long as they
continue to be so recognized the constitutional right
to make treaties with themis beyondlegislativecon-
trol, but to withdraw our recognition of them, one
andall, and theassertionbylawthattheyshalieeaso
hereafter to be recognized as Powers with whom wo
will contract by treaty. The result will bo that in
the future our dealings with them will be as mere
domestic communities, with whom we may contract,
but only with the approval of Congress. They will
be contracts, not treaties. Of course, such with-
drawal of our recognition would not affect the valid-
ity of any treaties already lawfully made, but there
is propriety in the distinct reaffirmance of our adher-
ence to all our treaty obligations.
With these views. I most heartily approve this
report, and hope it will be adopted by the House, as
it has already been by the Senate.
Mr. Sargent. I now call the previous question
upoo the report.
The report was adopted.
