266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Revenue Bills—Mr. Garfield.
41sx Cong....3d Sess.
never pretended that bills either for imposing
or repealing taxes can originate in their house.
There, as here, the clause was intended to
place in the popular branch of„the Legislature
the exclusive right of originating bills for the
management of the revenue. There, as here,
all such bills, whether for an increase or decrease
of taxes, were known as " money bills." If
gentlemen will examine ray citations from the
proceedings of the Constitutional Convention,
they will notice that throughout the long
debates this clause was spoken of as the clause
relating to " money bills." This was ihe inter-
pretation given to the clause by those who
made it a part of the Constitution ; and I shall
presently show that this was also the interpret-
ation given to it by the First Congress and by
all succeeding Congresses for half a century.
I now invite the attention of the House to
some of the precedents in the practice of Con-
gress.
first conoebss, 1789.
The scope and meaning of this clause of the
Constitution was discuseed at the first session
of the First Congress; and many of the dis-
tinguished men who aided in framing the Con-
stitution itself, took part in the debate, and
gave their interpretation of this clause.
When the bill fof the establishment of the
Treasury Department was under discussion in
the House of Representatives, on the 25th day
of January, 1780, Mr Page moved to strike
out from the bill, the clause which made it the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury " to
digest and report a plan for the improvement
and management of the revenue and the sup-
port of the public credit."
In support of this motion Mr. Page argued
that while—
" It might bo well enough to enjoin upon Mm tlio
duty of milking out and prepnriiiff estimates, to go
any further would be a dangerous innovation upon
the constitutional privileges of this 1 [ousc.''—Annals
of (JtmorcHH, 1789, voiumo 1, page 592,
Mr. Tucker agreed that the objection was
well founded ; and in concluding his speech on
the subject said :
"T ennnever jigroeto have money bills originated
and forced upon this IJoiimo by a man outside of
legislative Authority, while the Constitution gives
this power solely to the House of Representatives,
I'orthis reason Iobeorfully second the motion for
striking out the words."—Ibid., pago 593.
Mr. Livermore said:
"Tho power of originating money bills within
these walls I look upon as a sacred deposit, which
we may neithor violate nor divest ourselves."—Ibid.,
page 597,
Mr. Gerry said :
"Doesnottlie Constitution expressly declare that
the House solely shall exercise the power of origin-
ating revenue bills ? Now, what is meant by report-
ing plans? It surelyinoludes the idea of originating
money bills. That is a bill for improving the rev-
enue, or, in other words, for bringing revenue into
tho Treasury."—find., pago 607,
Mr. Lawrence said—
"That tho powerof reporting plan? for the improve-
ment of the Treasury wm  tho power of originating
money bills. The Constitution declares that power
to bo vested solely in this House."—Ibid,, page 603.
Mr. Madison said:
""With respect to originating money bills, the
Houso has the sole right to do it."—Ibid., pago 605.
Not all of the members whom I have quoted
were in favor of striking out the whole clause,
as moved by Mr. Page, ai,d the amendment in
that form was rejected. But, on motion of
Mr. Fitzsimmons, the word 44 report" was
stricken out and "prepared" inserted by a
large majority. (Ibid.. p. 607.)
I have quoted these authorities for the pur-
pose of showing,that the fathers of the Con-
stitution did not stand on any such technicality
as the special meaning of the word " raising"
in their interpretation of this clause. Through-
out this whole debate, the clause was interpreted
to mean that the House had the sole power of
originating money bills; and the record does
not show that any member took any other view
of the case. It should be borne in mind that
the words " money bills," as used in this
debate, had the broad meaning given to them
in England, and included bills to reduce as
well as bills to increase the revenue.
This debate is important as being the earliest
interpretation given by Congress itself of the
meaning of the clause under consideration.
The jealousy with which that Congress guarded
the clause is also worthy our thoughtful consid-
eration.
twenty-second congress, 1833.
A prominent event occurred in the Twenty-
Second Congress, which brought out much dis-
cussion of this clause of the Constitution. The
secession threatened by South Carolina, the
great agitation throughout the country on the
subject of the tariff, and the fears of civil war
that distressed all our leading statesmen, led
Mr. Clay to believe that he, as the acknowl-
edged leader of tariff legislation, could recon-
cile the conflicting elements by offering a bill
for the reduction of duties. In pursuance of
this purpose, on the 12th of February, 1833,
he offered a bill which has since been known
as the (icompromise tariff bill." In intro-
ducing it he said:
"X owe, sir, an apology to the Senate for this course
ofaction, because, although strictly parliamentary,
it is out of the usual practice of this body "—Con-
gressional Debates, volume 9, part 1, page 462.
Mr. Forsyth, of Georgia, immediately ob-
jected to the introduction of the bill, and said:
"It was a violation of the Constitution, because
tho Senate had no power to raiso revenue."-—Jbid.,
page 473.
Mr. Clay insisted that it—
" Was not a bill to raise the duties, but to reduce
them, and thereforodid not come within the roach of
an equitable objection." * * * * "This
was a bill to reduce the duties except in a single
clause, and that clause relates to an act which had
not, yet gone into operation." * * * *
" Ho did not bclievo it was tho intention of tho Con-
stitution so f.ir to restrict the right ot the Senate as
to preclude tho origination of a bill to repeal any
existing law/'—I Out,, pago 477.
Mr. Dickerson, of New Jersey, said :
"Such a hill as this could not originato in tho
Scnato."—Ibid., page 478.
After much hesitation the Senate allowed
the bill to be introduced, but in the course of
the debate which followed, the constitutional
right of the Senate was very fully discussed,
and many leading Senators expressed the
opinion, in the most positive manner, that the
Senate had no right to originate such a bill.
While there was a very large majority of the
Senate in favor of the bill as a revenue meas-
ure, yet from tbedebates it is doubtful whether
a majority would not have voted against it on
the constitutional ground, if the test had been
made. No name can give more weight, to an
opinion on the proper meaning of the Con-
stitution than that of Mr. Webster, and near
the conclusion of this debate he gave his opin-
ion on the clause of the Constitution now under
discussion, in language at once so clear and
comprehensive that it ought never to be omit-
ted from any discussion of this question. I
therefore quote it entire, as recorded in the
Congressional Debates of February 23, 1833,
page 722.
"Mr. Webster said the constitutional question
must be regarded as important; but it was one which
could not be settled by the Senate. It was purely a
question of privilege, and thedecision of it belonged
alone to the House. The Senate, by the Constitu-
tion, could not originate bills torraising revenue. It
was of no consequence whether titerate ot duty were
increased or decreased; if it w*is a money bill it
belonged to the House to originate it. In the House
there was a Committee of Ways and Means organ-
ized expressly for such objects. There was no such
committee of the Senate. The constitutional pro-
vision was taken from the practice of the British
Parliament, whose usages were well known to the
framersof the Constitution, with the modification
that the Senate might alter and amend money bills,
which was denied by the House of Commons to that
of Lords. This subject belonged exclusively to the
House of Representatives. The attempt to evade
the question by contending that the present bill was
intended for protection and not revenue afforded no
relief, for it was protection by means of revenue. It
was not the less a money bill from its object being
protection. After 1842 this bill would raise the rev-
enue or it would not be raised by existing laws. He
was altogether opposed to the provisions of this bill,
bu.t this objection was one which it belonged to the
House to make."
It will be seen from this that Mr. Webster
emphatically denies the right of the Senate
to originate a bill to reduce revenue. Before
the close of the debate, it became manifest,
even to Mr. Clay himself, that he could not
safely risk the fate of his bill with this consti-
tutional objection impending. His friends in
the House introduced and passed a bill in the
same words, and sent it to the Senate; where-
upon Mr. Clay announced that the bill of the
House would u supersede the objection of
some Senators, who believed the Senate was
not the place for the origin of the bill." (Ibid.,
p. 750.) On the following day he moved to
lay his own bill on the table ; which was done.
Four days later the House bill passed the
Senate by a vote of 29 to 16. I have cited the
history of the compromise tariff bill, to show
how the Senate itself disposed of this question
the first time, I believe, it ever arose in the
naked form of a proposition to reduce duties.
twenty-fifth congress, 1837.
"On the 13th of September, 1837, a bill was re-
ported to the Senate authorizing the issue of Treas-
ury notes, and on the 18th of that month it passed
that hody by a voteof 42 yeas, 5 nays,(Clay, Critten-
den, Preston, Southard, Spence.) On the 30th of
September the House, in Committee of the Whole,
took up the Senate bill authorizing the issue of
Treasury notes.
"Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, said he had been waiting
for some who, heunderstood, wero prepared to con-
test the constitutional right of the Senate to send to
the House a bill of this description. It was a money
bill, and by the Constitution all such bills must ori-
ginato in tho House. The proper course would bo
iirst to take a vote on that question.
"Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, said that in his
own opinion the matter admitted of no question at
all. If ever thore was a money bill this was one;
but he.should make no motion, because he well knew
it ho did the previous question would be called arid
the motion voted down. If, however, the gentleman
irom Tennessee (Mr. Bell) was disposed to go into
the discussion he should have his most cordial sup-
port. This House had too long suffered the other
branch ot the Legislature to dictate to it every meas-
ure relating to revenue. For the last live years
not one ot all the measures of that character had
originated in that House.
" Mr. Haynes. of Georgia, said it, was now too late
to raiso an objection of this kind; the House had
received tho bill and referred it, and it had been
reported on. If such an objection did exist this
was not the place to make it.
"Mr. Wise, of Virginia, was astonished to hear
such language Irom tho gentleman fiom Georgia.
Did he not know that at every step, in any, even the
last stage of a bill, when it had received its third
reading, if the House discovered a constitutional
objection to lie against its passage, it was never too
late to bring it forward? It never could be too late
for the House to receive an objection to doing that
which it had no power to do. It never could waive
a constitutional objection on account of lache*. He
moved that the committee rise and report that a bill
like this could not constitutionally originate in the
Senate. Thus, in the House, that report might be
adopted and the bill sent back to the Senate, with a
message declaring that the House could not act upon
the bill.
"Mr. Cambreling, of New York, chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, hoped the commit-
tee would not rise. This bill did not propose the
levying of a tax; it was a mere anticipation of the
receipt of revenue. The compromise act of 1833 had
been sent from the Senate to the House, although it
proposed an increase of taxes. The present bill
created no public debt, it merely anticipated means
which were ample. No constitutional objection had
been raised in the Senate, and he hoped the House
would proceed with the bill. *
" Mr. Mercer, of Virginia, was astonished at the
position taken by the chairman of the Committee
of WaysandMeans. It was notafact that the com-
promise bill had originated in the Senate; it had
originated in the House.
"Mr. Cambreling said, to avoid all difficulty, he
would move to pass by the Senate's bill and take
up that of the House.
"Mr. Robertson, of Virginia, contended that the
House could not thus pass over the greatest breach
ot its privileges which had ever been perpetrated,
lie could not understand how the gentleman could
be so insensible to the indignity thus cast on the
House, bhouldthey continue to take bills, raising
millions onmillions, at the dictation of the Senate
or the President, when the Constitution plainly for-
bade it?
