1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Revenue Bills—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
"After some further discussion the House bill was
taken up, as moved by Mr. Cambreling, and finally
passed."—Debates in Congress, volume 14, Bart X,
pages 1102-53.
"On the 10ch of October the House bill passed the
Senate without amendment—yeas 25, nays 6."—Ibid.,
page 522.
twenty-eighth congress, 1842-43.
A still mors striking precedent is found in
the proceedings of the Senate during the first
session of the Twenty-Eighth Congress. A
strong reaction liad set in against the Whig
tariff of 1842, and on the 19th of December,
1843, Senator McDuffie, of South Carolina,
introduced a bill, of three sections, to revive
the compromise tariff of 1833. The bill is as
follows:
" Be it enacted &c., That so much of the existing
law imposing duties upon foreign imports as pro-
vides that duties ad valorem on certain commodities
shall be assessed upon an assumed minimum value
be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and thatsaid
duties be hereafter assessed on the true value of such
commodities.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That in all
eases in which the existing duty upon any imported
commodity exceeds thirty per cent, on the value
thereof, such duty shall hereafter be reduced to
thirty percent, ad valorem.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 31st day of December next all duties upon
foreign imports shall be reduced to twenty-five per
cent., and from and after the 31st of December,
1844, to twenty per cent, ad valorem."
The bill ifka referred to the Committee on
Finance, and on the 9th of January, 1844, Sen-
ator Evans, of Maine, reported it back from
the Finance Committee with the following
resolution:
" That the bill entitled 'An act to revive the act of
the 2d of March, 1833, usually called the compromise
act, and to modify the existing duties upon foreign
imports, in conformity with its provisions,' is a bill
for raising revenue within the meaning of the sev-
enth section of the first article of the Constitution,
and cannot, therefore, originate in the Senate:
Therefore,
" Resolved, That it be indefinitely postponed."
This resolution and the bill of Mr. McDuffie
■were debated every week, and almost every
day, from the 19th of January to the 31st of
May ; and nothing can be more significant of
the sentiment of the Senate than the final vote
by which the resolution was disposed of. To
pass the resolution and indefinitely postpone
McDuffie's bill would seem to commit many
Senators against the reduction of tariff who
were earnestly in favor of redaction; bat the
Evans resolution itself was directed solely to
the constitutional right of the Senate to origin-
ate the McDuffie bill. On the 31st of May,
1844, just before the final vote on the Evans
resolution was taken, Mr. Allen, of Ohio,
moved to amend by inserting after " that," in
the first line, the following:
"The duties imposed by existing laws are unjust
and oppressive, and ought to be reduced, but the."
On this amendment eighteen Senators voted
"yea"' and twenty-five"nay." Buton theEvans
resolution itself, which was a deliberate ex-
pression of the Senate's opinion of their con-
stitutional rights, the vote stood—33 yeas and
4 nays ; only four Senators voting that the Sen-
ate had the right to originate such a bill. It
■would be difficult, to find, in the recent history
of Congress, tWe same number of names of so
great authority as those recorded in favor of
the Evans resolution. Among them were Bay-
ard, Buchanan, Choate, Crittenden, Rives, and
Wright.
thirty-fourth congress, 1855.
In the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, there occurred a very able and very inter-
esting debate on anothpr phase of the consti-
tutional clause now under consideration. In
the House, there was a long and fierce contest
over the election of Speaker, which greatly
delayed the course of legislation. While this
struggle was going on, Mr. Brodheadof Penn-
sylvania submitted to the Senate, on the 11th
of December, 1855, the following resolution :
"Resolved. That the Committee on Finance be
duected to inquire into the expediency of reporting
the appropriation bills for the support of the Gov-
ernment, or adopting other measures with a view of
obtaining more speedy action on said bills."
Mr. Brodhead proposed to give full time for
consideration, and said that he should then
"ask the Senate to consider the question of
the power and the right of this body to origin-
ate the general appropriation bills."
On the 7th of January following, Mr. Brod-
head defended his resolution in an elaborate
speech. The debate was continued from time
to time, and concluded on the 7th of February,
when the Senate passed the resolution. In the
course of the debate the constitutional clause
was very ably discussed. Senator Brodhead
argued first that the original draft of the clause,
as adopted by the constitutional Convention,
expressly excluded the Senate from the right
to originate appropriation bills, but as the
clause was finally adopted, no exclusion of
appropriation bills was named, and it must
therefore be inferred that the Senate possessed
the right of originating them. (See Congres-
sional Globe, January, 1856, pp. 100-61.)
Mr. Seward replied briefly to Mr. Brodhead
on the same day. He said:
" It is true that according to the letterof the Con-
stitution, appropriation bills may be originated by
the Senate, for they are not strictly revenue bills,
yetwe all knowthat in point of fact they have come
into the place of revenue bills. We make a revenue
bill but once in ten or twelve years, and these ap-
propriation bills are in fact what were intended, I
suppose, by the framers of the Constitution as bills
of revenue. They appropriate the revenue, which
is only regulated by a bill passed once in a period of
twelveyears." * * * "As the tendency
of things strikes me, it is now, and it has for many
years been, to center in the Senate a larger share
than in the House of the various legislation the
country requires."—Ibid., page 162.
From the more elaborate speech of Mr.
Seward, made a month later, I quote a few
striking passages. He said:
"The Government has been in operation since the
year 1789, a period of more than half a century, and
never yet has a general appropriation bill been pre-
pared or reported or submitted to the Senate, or
sent to the House of Representatives from this body.
On the other hand, the practice for this period of
seventy yeais has been that all appropriation bills
of that character have originated in the House of
Representatives, and have been sent to this House
for its concurrence and amendment. As this, then,
is a proposition made not only for the first time
within our own experience, but for the first time
sin-ce the foundation of the Government, we are to
presume that it will be admitted that what is pro-
posed is an innovation, a direct, specific, and effect-
ive innovation."—Ibid., page 375.
After speaking of the decay of liberty in
Europe and the despotic spirit which, from
the beginning of the sixteenth century, over-
powered them, he said :
"The British Government alone presented then,
as I think it presents now, almost alone, an instance
of the existence of a limited monarchy conservative
of the freedom of the people. Some maxims which
were well understood in Europe, but were adhered
to only by Great Britain, saved this great, bene-
ficial, and benign result. One of these was that the
power of raising and applying money belonged to
the House of Commons, to the people's House, to the
House which directly represented the people, as dis-
tinct from the Executive himself, or from that other
branch of the Legislature which represented a dis-
tinct interest in the State."—Ibid., page 376.
After showing that this feature of oar Con-
stitution was borrowed from that of Great
Britain, he said:
" By money bills was understood, as is nowunder-
stoodin Great Britain,equally billsfor raising moneys
andbillslor paying moneys for^the suppoitof the
Government. Here, in modern times, we have eome
to distinguish between bills for raising money and
bills for appropriating money: but in the British
system the practice prevailed then, and it yet pre-
vails, that the House of Commons, regarded as the
exclusive representatives of the people, had the
exclusive power for the raising and for the expendi-
ture ofthe revenue. It was this powerwhich carried
the Commons of Great Britain through that revolu-
tion in which they saved the cause of national liberty
and constitutional freedom when it was in danger
of being overborne by the influence and power of
the Executive and of the House of Lords." Ibid.,
page 37o.
Mr. Seward then alluded to the compromises
of the Constitution, in which this clause played
so important a part, and referred to the fact
cited by Senator Brodhead, that in the original
draft of the Constitution appropriation bills
were especially mentioned as belonging to the
House to originate, but that in the final draft
they were omitted; and on this point he said:
" I am not going to contend that the provision of
the Constitution which I have read, by its letter, for-
bids the Senate from originating appropriation bills;
its letter clearly concedes it, and f concede also that
there is an argument to be drawn from the fact that
the Convention discussed the proposition in both its
shapes, and finally adopted the one which we now
find, in which the limitation is applied only to bills
originating revenue, that the Convention may have
considered that appropriation bills might be origin-
ated in the Senate.
"But against this argument is one which seems to
me perfectly conclusive, and it is this reply: what-
ever the Convention may have purposed, and-how-
ever they may have understood the Constitution
which they have framed, the fact is a stubborn one
that the Senate has never originated an appropria-
tion bill, but that it has always conceded to the
House of Representatives the origination of appro-
priation bills; and the House of Representatives
has never conceded to the Senate the right to origin-
ate such bills, but has always insisted upon and
exacted that right itself. This could not have been
accidental; it was therefore designed. The design
and purpose were those of the contemporaries of the
Constitution themselves, and it evinces their under-
standing of the subject, which was that bills of a
general nature for appropriating the public money,
or for layingtaxes or burdens on the people, direct
or indirect in their operation, belonged to the pro-
vince of the House of Representatives."—Ibid., page
376.
Mr. SuMXER also made an elaborate and
powerful speech defending the positions Mr.
Seward had assumed. [Ibid., p. 379, 380.) Mr.
Wilson, of Massachusetts, strongly indorsed
the position of his colleague and Mr. Seward.
{Ibid., p. 381.) As already remarked, the
opposite view prevailed in the Senate, and the
resolution passed February 7,1856. In pursu-
ance of this resolution the Senate Committee
on Finance reported the general appropriation
bill for invalid pensions. It passed the Senate
on the 28th of February. Soon afterward the
Senate also passed the general appropriation
bill for the repair of fortifications. Both these
bills were laid on the table of the House on
the 17th of April, 1856, without having been
referred or debated, thus ending the attempt
of the Senate to change the uniform, unbroken
custom ofthe Government from its foundation
to the present time ; and it may still be said,
as Mr. Seward declared in 1856, that up to ;
this time no general appropriation bill which
originated in the Senate ever became a law. j
• There may be other precedents than those I
have quoted; but, after considerable search
among the historical records of the Govern-
ment, I liave found no others in which the
question now at issue was discussed. Justice
to the history of the subject requires, however,
that I should mention one instance in which
the Senate originated a bill that subsequently
became a law, and which may perhaps be re-
garded as a precedent on the other side.
It was the act of March 3, 1815, repealing
several acts imposing duties on the tonnage of
ships and vessels, and regulating the relative
duties charged on goods imported in foreign
vessels and vessels of the United States.
By examining the act itself, it will be seen
that it was rather a regulation of commerce
than of revenue, and its object was to regulate
the tonnage-dues on ships.
It does not appear that the constitutional
question was raised in the course of the debate.
The act, consisting of a single brief section,
passed the House the last day of the session,
without debate. There may be other prece-
dents in the same direction as strong as this,
but I have not found them. I will also remark
that the custom is well settled that the Senate
may originate private bills that appropriate
money to claimants.
Jii reviewing theground I have traveled over, .
the result of the investigation may be thus
summed up:
First. That the exclusive right of the House
