1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Reconstruction—1865 to 1871—Mr. Warner.
Senate.
when such constitution shall be ratified by a majority
of the persons voting on the question of ratification
who are qualified as electors for delegates; and when
such constitution shall have been submitted to Con-
gress for examination and approval, and Congress
shall have approved the same; and when said State,
by a vote of its Legislature, elected under said con-
stitution, shall have adopted the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress and known as article four-
teen; and when said article shall have become a
part of the Constitution of the United States, said
State shall be declared .entitled to representation in
Congress, and Senators and Representatives shall
bo admitted therefrom on their taking the oath pre-
scribed by law ; and then and thereafter the preced-
ing sections of this act shall be inoperative in said
State: Provided, That no person excluded from the
privilege of holding office by said proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States shall
be eligibleto election as amemberof the convention
to frame a State constitution for any of said rebel
States, nor shall any such person vote for members
of such convention."
■ The third-named objection was founded on
the provision in section three of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, as follows:
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent. or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an Executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the C institution
of the United States, shall h,tve engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability."
These features form the basis of all the argu-
ment against the policy of the Government
toward the communities lately in rebellion
and of all the partisan clamor about ven-
geance and tyranny and oppression. The
siatement of the simple, plain fact that these
provisions of law and Constitution contain all
of punishment or deprivation ever imposed
on those lately engaged in rebellion against
the Government proves the utter groundless-
ness of such clamor, because it proves the
unparalleled liberality of the Government.
Sir, looking back over the way which we
have come for the past six years, I am fully
convinced that universal suffrage was the wisest
solution of the great political problem which
confronted the country at the end of the war,
namely, what to do with the South. I only
regret that it was not at once ordained, and
that general amnesty for the rebellion was not
extended with it. In the then condition of
the public mind at the South both would have
been promptly and kindly accepted ; the best
men of the South would have at once taken
hold of the work of reconstruction, and taking
the ignorant but honest and kindly slave by
the hand, the South would have risen, phenix-
like, from the ashes of her ruin, and we
should have been spared many of the painful
events of the years since the war and much
of the ill-feeling which unhappily prevails to-
day. General Grant struck the key-note of
true reconstruction, and showed the wisdom
of the statesman as well as the generosity of
the soldier, when he said to Lee and his army,
"Go harmless for the past, on condition you
obey the laws in future."
EFFECTS OF DELAY AXD OF DISABILITIES.
But when the late rebels found that there
was to be no punishment for rebellion, and
were induced by a faithless President to believe
that they should be returned to full political
power as before, and when the passions of the
war which had been hushed in the hour of
defeat had been kindled into life and activity
by a conflict between the President and Con-
gress, in which the President told the people
of the South that Congress sought to impose
conditions of restoration in a spirit of ven-
geance, it was proposed *o them to divide the
power, which they were just eagerly clutching,
with the late slaves, the effect was to consol-
idate the white men against the system proposed
by Congress, and to leave a few bold friends
of the Government and of equal rights to fight
the battle alone with the aid of the newly
enfranchised race. While the friends of con-
gressional reconstruction were successful in
carrying the-elections, the result was that very
many places of power and responsibility, which
required for the proper discharge of the duties
thereof courage, integrity, and high capacity,
were sought and obtained by men lacking in
all these essential qualities. As a further re-
sult have followed failures and corruptions in
office, and as a consequence of these still fur-
ther prejudice and bitter feeling among those
who have been opposed to the Government.
This ill-feeling was deepened among the more
sensitive and ambitious of the late rebels by
finding themselves disabled from holding any
office, and they desired to see a system fail
which gave their late slaves rights which were
denied to them.
UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE THE TRUE PRINCIPLE OF FREE
GOVERNMENT.
The action of Congress in establishing uni-
versal suffrage as the basis of reconstruction has
been much criticised and complained of, but
in my judgment this requirement was both wise
and just. All concede that intelligence and
property should have a voice in free govern-
ment. Wealth isalmost universally allied with
intelligence. The right of the ignorant, who
are almost universally poor, to political rights,
is alone denied, for but few now are disposed
to place the denial of the ballot to the negro
solely to the account of his color. Any effect-
ive educational qualification, applicable to all
classes at the South, would have been odious,
for it would not only have excluded nearly all
the negroes, but many thousands of white men ;
in Alabama alone from twenty to thirty thou-
sand. I maintain that the ballot is peculiarly
and imperatively necessary to the poor and
the ignorant for their safety and well being,
and for the good of the State. The classes
who have wealth and brains and education, or
any of them, can protect themselves. It is
poverty and ignorance that need to be armed
with the ballot and covered with the shield of
the law's equality.
THE BALLOT THE ONLY HOPE OF THE NEGRO. *
To ha\te denied the negro equal political
rights would have left him in a condition of
vassalage and degradation nearly as helpless
as slavery itself. Liberty, with all the avenues
of hope, ambition, and progress closed to
him, would have been but half a blessing,
while the most powerful incentive to effort and
improvement, and the most direct interest of
the State to educate him, would have been
lacking. The exercise of the right of suffrage,
and the respect and consequence which it gives,
are among the most powerful agencies at work
for his elevation and improvement. This is
the law of nature, that exercise and growth are
indissolubly linked to eaeh other. The smith's
arm grows strong by use, while the arm in the
sling withers and wastes. The brain is quick-
ened, enlarged, and strengthened by use; the
doing a thing most quickly learns how to do it
well; the use of a tool begets facility and skill
in its use : the exercise of the right of suffrage
leads to thought how to vote, whom to vote
for, the consideration of men and measures,
the desire and habit of reading, the listening
to speeches and discussions; and thus contin-
ually are men enlightened and stimulated to
effort and education. Without the ballot the
vagrant and the pauper and the oppressive
poll-tax laws, which disgraced the statute-
books of many of the southern States under
the Johnson system of reconstruction, which
confined political rights to white men, would
not have been so speedily, if ever, swept
away, but would rather have been made more
stringent. In short, without the ballot the
negro at the South would still, as of old, have
had no rights which white men would have felt
bound to re3pect.
You may see the power of wealth and intel-
ligence ill the dominating influence of the great
corporations of the country, which threaten to
so overshadow the land that a member of the
Legislature of a great State, with biting sar-
casm, moved that the body adjourn, provided
the president of a great corporation had no
further business for them to do. But who shall
speak for the poor, the weak, and the ignorant
if they have no votes ?
I venture to repeat here what I said in the
Senate on the resolution submitting the fifteenth
amendment to the States for adoption:
"Knowledge is power. Wealth is power. The
learned and therich scarcely need the ballot for their
protection. The great farmer who has his three to
five score laborers has a power and influence which,
no law can takeaway. It is his landless and depend-
ent tenants, in their cabins and in their ignorance,
who need the ballot for theirsafety. The millionaire
in his money, and the _ man of education in his
knowledge and his brain, have each a power in
government greater than a hundred ballots, a power
which the Constitution neither gives nor can take
away. Itis thepoor, unlearned man, who hasnoth-
ing but the ballot, to whom it is a priceless heritage,
a protection and a shield." * * * *
" Whilenoman putsa higher estimate on the value
of intelligence in the people than I do, and while
no one would do more than I would to encourage
the education of the masses, I repeat that it is the
disfranchisement and oppression of thepoor and the
ignorant which it is our duty to guard against. In
protecting the poor and the unlearned you are pro-
tecting the great laboring, industrial classes of the
country. It is these who have made your State, who
have felled your forests, worked your mines, dug
your canals, built your habitations and churches and
school-houses and colleges, laid your railroads, made
your engines and your implements, beautified and
adorned and made pleasant your homes, tilled your
soil and filled your granaries, and sent with resist-
lessforce the life-currents through all thearteries of
trade; who have placed the Republic in her present
proud rank among the nations. Their brawny arms
and strong sinews have wrought out our wealth;
upon their broad and stalwart shoulders rests the
fabric of our Republic, its government, its laws, its
institutions, its civilization. Their stout arms bear
forward the car of progress, freighted with the high-
est hopes of humanity, and they have aright to a
voice in the Government, though their poverty and
toil have allowed them no opportunities of edu-
cation.
"The irresistible drift of modern civilization is
toward a larger and larger enfranchisement of the
people, and our end is a pure democracy. Let us
proceed to it with firm and decisive steps. Then we
will have no disfranchised, disaffected, clamoring
classes, always ready and ripe for tumult, rebellion,
and revolution. Then the will of the people, legally
and peacefully expressed, will have a weight and a
power which will command and insure universal
acquiescence and obedience.
" We are relaying the very corner-stoneof our tem-
ple of liberty. Let us see that its proportions are
broad, true, and ample, and its material indestruc-
tible. Our fathers laid thefoundation of ourGovern-
ment upon the rock of truth and justice when they
proclaimed to the world, in their immortal Declara-
tion, that 'all men are created equal'—not made so
by laws and constitution, but by the Creator; but
they built badly, though perhaps of necessity, when
they countenanced slavery in the provision relat-
ing to fugitives. Let us profit by their error, and
enlightened by the experience of eighty years,
and warned by that experience of the terrible retri-
bution which surely and inevitably follows com-
promise of truth and justice, follow our principles
to their logical conclusion and found this nation
on the rock of universal equal human rights, thus
settling forever the questions which, never settled
aright, have risen again and again to disturb, and
finally to desolate our beautiful land."
RECONSTRUCTION AND REFORMATION.
By reconstruction is generally meant the
work of restoring the lately rebellious States
to their normal legal relations to the Govern-
ment. But the problem which confronted
the patriotic, wise statesman at the end of
the late war was a deeper and more diffi-
cult one than merely how or when to admit
the rebel States to representation in Congress
and in the Electoral College. The Govern-
ment had successfully fought a great war, and
had conquered submission on the part of its
enemies. How, in the hour of victory and in
the flush of passion, to make peace wisely;
how to hush to perpetual slumber the animos-
ities which created the war and which had been
greatly deepeuedby it; how to guard against
