270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Senate.
Reconstruction—1865 to 1871—Mr. Warner.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
future rebellion; how to protect in their lib-
erty and rights four million human beings,
all poor, and nearly all ignorant, who had been
freed from slavery, and thus deprived of such
protection and care as interest always gives;
how to eradicate from the public mind of the
whole country the poison of prejudice and
proscription which slavery had infused; how
to lay anew the foundations of civil liberty and
political equality, excluding the unjust dis-
tinctions which the toleration of the enslave-
ment of a portion of the people of th§ country
had made possible and practical; how to meet
the vast financial obligations of the Govern-
ment—these were the great questions which
were involved in reconstructing a Government
which had been sadly shaken and broken by
the tearing up of a great evil, whose roots ex-
tended over the whole length and breadth of
the land,- and were under the very foundations
of the Government.
With what was done, and with the now uni-
versally-admitted evil consequences of the dis-
agreement between an accidental President
and Congress, all are too painfully lamiliar to
need recital. Ilad there been earnest and
bold unity in any policy not inconsistent
with human rights, many if not most of the
appalling evils which now afflict the southern
States might have been much mitigated, if not
altogether avoided. But President Johnson,
after having helped to give direction to the
loyal mind of the country by declaring that a
wide distinction must be made between rebels
and Union men, and that the rebels must take
the back seats, and that he would be the Moses
who should lead the late bondsmen from the
wilderness and deserts of slavery into the
promised land of liberty and peace, suddenly
changed his ground, and became the champion
of a plan of reconstruction which contemplated
no punishment or deprivation for rebellion, and
no guarantee of protection or political rights to
the colored race.
One is not entitled to much credit for sagacity
or statesmanship for seeing now, in the light of
past events, what ought to have been done at
the close of the war. Yet 1 may be pardoned
for saying, I am Cully convinced that if uni-
versal suffrage, universal amnesty, universal
education, and obedience to the laws had been
made, by the united action of Congress and
the President, the corner stones and conditions
of reconstruction and restoration, we would
now have substantial peace and prosperity at the
South and throughout the country.
Amnesty for rebellion would have secured
the good will and cooperation of a great body
of the white people of the South, and security
and protection of the negro would have been
secured by this result, and by making these the
conditions of amnesty to the whites.
EFFECT OF PROSCRIPTION AND POLITICAL DIS-
ABILITIES. *
Like bpgefs like. Proscription on one side
prompts proscription on the opposite side. Bit-
terness excites bitterness in return. Tolera-
tion toward others tends to produce toleration
toward those who exercise it. Through all
the ages of human life soft words have turned
away wrath, and thus it will ever be while
human nature remains unchanged. But if pro-
scription on account of rebellion had been
wise, the rule adopted in the fourteenth amend-
ment was not a wise or a just one, for many
of the best Union men of the South were pro-
scribed by it, while many of the most active
and vehement secessionists escaped its effects.
That a man had held office under the United
States before the war was an evidence of the
good will and confidence of his people and of
his influence among them, but not of his hav-
ing been a promoter of rebellion against the
Government 5 nor do I think that the fact of
his having taken a formal oath to support the
Constitution of the United States added much,
if any, to his obligation to support the Gov-
ernment or to his guilt in opposing it. Alle-
giance inheres in citizenship, and oaths never
have, and never will have, any force to check
revolutions. Under our Constitution you can
legally hang a man for treason against the Gov-
ernment though he has not taken an oath of
allegiance to it, and you cannot do more if
he has. If you felt that safety and justice
demanded some measure of proscription, then
you should have been careful to proscribe
your enemies and not your friends. To have
accomplished this result it would have been
better to have disqualified for a time from
holding office those who had been the original
promoters of secession and rebellion, as shown
by their votes. But my experience and care-
ful observation for the past six years have con-
firmed the conviction which I held at the close
of the war, that political disabilities have been
the source of injury and not good to the Gov-
ernment and its friends, and that the day of
peace has been postponed and not hastened by
their imposition; and such is the general
opinion among intelligent, thoughtful ilepub-
licans in the South.
DENIAL OF JUSTICE TO SOUTHERN UNION MEN.
A powerful reason for the weakness of the
Government party in the South is to be found
in the refusal of Congress to place loyal claim-
ants in the rebellious States on the same foot-
ing of loyal men in loyal States, on the ground
that they are constructive enemies of the Gov-
ernment, because living inside of territorial lim-
its, within which, for a time, the public enemy
had control. Though the Senate has taken
action looking to a remedy for this wrong, yet
as that action has not yet become law, and as
this doctrine of constructive treason and public
enemies, as applied to loyal citizens of our own
country, is, in my judgment, so monstrously
wrong, so repugnant to the natural judgment
and conscience of the human heart, so opposed
to the promise which was held out by the Gov-
ernment and its friends during the great strug-
gle, and so suggestive of mischievous conse-
quences in the future, I cannot, in justice to
myself and my constituents, refrain from saying
a few words on the subject.
Admitting, if you please, that the inhabitants
of an enemy's country have no rights of prop-
erty which the conqueror is bound to respect,
I deny that the doctrine applies to this case.
The South was notan enemy's country. Ene-
mies there were in it, enough of them, and
bitter too, but the rebellious district was all
the while, and never for a moment ceased to
be, a part of the American Union, of our undi-
vided and indivisible country. Never for a
moment did we absolve the people of those
States from their allegiance and duty to this
Government, nor was the claim of any part, or
any one of them, to be released from allegiance,
or from any duty due from them as citizens,
ever entertained. Never did we abrogate or
relinquish our right to collect taxes, to compel
military service, to hang for treason, any
individual in these States. When the rebel-
lion was strongest and most hopeful of final
success, as at all other times, the whole rebel-
lious district was enfolded in the strong arms
of the national Government, and our Army
and Navy beleagured it on every side, and
proclaimed to the inhabitants thereof, and to
the world, from the mouths of ten thousand
cannon, "This is the land of the Republic,
and the people thereof are its citizens, and
owe it allegiance and service."
Now, when such of these* citizens as have
maintained their loyalty and allegiance to the
Republic through all, and through unparalleled
trialsand persecutions, come and ask payment
as other citizens for material and valuable aid
rendered the Government in its effort to sub-
due insurrection, are we to meet them at the
doors of this Chamber with the declaration,
"Away with your claims; you are enemies,
public enemies of the Government; we will
not pay you ; we need all the money to pay the
Vallandighams of Ohio and the Sons of Lib-
erty of Indiana?" If this be public justice,
then I am at a loss to imagine what public
injustice would-be. If this be sound public
policy, then I do not know what unsound policy
would be.
If to tell the widows and the orphans of the
men of the South who were hung to the limbs
of trees for loyalty to our flag, or fell in our
armies under it, and whose bones have been
gathered by a grateful people into our beauti-
ful national cemeteries, that they cannot be
paid for food and forage furnished our soldiers
because they and their husbands and fathers
were and are public enemies, be not the very
climax of ingratitude, injustice, and inhuman-,
itjr, then I have misunderstood the theory of
this Government and of the late war, and my
head and heart are alike wrong.
FEAR OF FRAUD.
But it is alleged that the Government will
be defrauded. Sir, thero is danger of fraud
everywhere, in Congress, courts, and claimants.
Men sell cadetships. Shall you abolish Con-
gress and West Point too? This country has
furnished an Arnold who would have sold
his country. Shall you abolish the Army?
Judges have been corrupt. Shall you abolish
the courts? Judas betrayed Christ. Was our
Saviour and his religion, therefore, to be with-
out apostles? Of course there will be some
cheating in these claims, as there will be in
everything until the millennium shall have
dawned; and when I look over the world
from this capital and see how much is to be
done, what mighty changes are to be wrought
in the hearts of men, I am painfully led to
think that the tune is far distant when all men
will pay in the coin of truth all their obliga-
tions to themselves, to society, and to God.
And I hope that payment to these noble south-
ern loyalists may not be deferred until that
remote day—far more remote, I fear, than the
day of specie payments. This taint of fraud ;
this want of fidelity in every word and act to
judgment and conscience; this depravity of
the human heart, which, if not total, is bad
enough, is not peculiar to the people of the
South. We are continually being deceived
and defrauded by bad men in all sections of
the country. Shall you abolish the mail ser-
vice because you occasionally get a thieving
postmaster? Shall you cease to levy and col-
lect taxes because some citizens make false
returns and some of your officers may be cor-
rupt? Shall we cease to appropriate money
for the public expenses because some of it will
be misapplied? Shall wecease to pay bounties
to our soldiers and sailors because some of
them go to cowards and deserters? Shall we
cease to elect Presidents because we have had
an Andrew Johnson?
The Saviour, in choosing twelve, got one
traitor; we ought not to expect to do better.
Do not let us refuse to pay our honest debts on
the plea that we are afraid that we will pay
some that we are not bound to pay. That
would be like a man refusing to pay his notes
because he was afraid some one might present
a forgery. Guard the measure as well as we
can against fraud, so that you do not so restrict
it as to make it a mockery, a cup of Tantalus,
to be seen and'not tasted, but avow and enact
our duty and our willingness to pay loyal per-
sons for property taken for the use of our
armies.
Why, Mr. President, we are paying pensions
and bounties to some of these claimants. Only
last week we passed a bill granting a pension
to an Alabamian. Do we give bounties and
pensions to public enemies? Do we make
postmasters, revenue officers, marshals, Uni-
ted States attorneys, and judges of enemies ?
