1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2T1
41st Coxg....3d Sess.
Reconstruction—1865 to 1871—Mr. Warner.
Senate.
But, it will be said these people are only
enemies in law, not in fact -r their treason is
only constructive, not real. Mr. President,
the class of persons for whom we claim pay-
ment are not enemies at all, in any sense, and
never have been. They are, and always have
been, our best friends. They have not been
guilty of treason, either actual or constructive.
Mr. President, we cannot afford to say that
these eight or nine million people inhabiting
the lately rebellious States are the enemies,
publicly or privately, of the Government. We
cannot afford to say to the world by our refusal
to pay these claims of loyal men at the South
that the rebellious States were ever out of the
Union; that the confederacy was an estab-
lished government; that the allegiance of these
citizens to the national Government had ceased;
that they had all become by successful war
aliens and public enemies; that we conquered
them all by force of arms ; that we hold them
all in the Union and in subjection to our laws
by military force. This admission would sound
badly (in the discussion of the Alabama claims)
when repeated by the British minister, would
hurt our standing among the nations of the
world, would impair the national credit, and
discourage loyalty in the future.
No, Mr. President, this veil of constructive
treason under which it is sought to hide our
otherwise admitted obligation to pay the just
claims of truly loyal men at the South is too
thin to bide the palpable injustice of denying
payment to a widow of one of our own soldiers,
to whom you are now paying a pension, for
food lurnished her husband and hi3 comrades
while fighting under our flag.
FRUITS OF RECONSTRUCTION.
But, Mr. President, I want to say a word
about the fruits of this system of reconstruc-
tion which has been so much abused by the
Democratic party. The first grand result to
which I desire to call attention, and which is
worth all the sacrifices of the war, is the con-
stitutions of those southern States which guar-
anty liberty, equal rights, and universal edu-
cation and universal suffrage. These constitu-
tions are fully up to the spirit of the age, and
embody the best ideas of the civilization of the
last half of the nineteenth century. They
have been the work of the plan of reconstruc
tion established by the Republican party, and
of universal suffrage, and all that is required
to give prosperity, security of life and prop-
erty, and happiness at the South is a faithful
and honest administration under them by hon-
est and competent men, and the support of a
healthful, bold, public sentiment to sustain the
officers of the law in enforcing it and in arrest-
ing and punishing criminals. But foV thecon-
dition of universal suffrage imposed by Con-
gress, constitutions so just to all, so wisely
regardful of the interests of education and
internal development, so in harmony with the
advancing spirit of the age, would not and could
not have been adopted for at least a generation
to come. Thus far hasthehand of just progress
been pushed forward on the dial of time by a
patriotic Congress in adopting a sound prin-
ciple ; and I venture the prediction that no
backward wave of Democratic reaction will
ever be found strong enough to seriously
disturb these constitutions thus firmly founded
in wisdom and justice.
.These new governments have sometimes
been brought into disrepute by the fact that I
have before stated, that corrupt and incompe-
tent men have got into position under them,
who have not only brought discredit upon the
congressional plan of reconstruction, but upon
the very principles which underlie it. For
those men I have no apology, no defense to
make. Some of them, I admit, have been so
corrupt that, like the pariahs of India, their
shadows would pollute the very water upon
which they might fall, and I wish as heartily
as any man that we were rid of them. The
party of reconstruction and the great princi-
ples upon which reconstruction was founded
would be the stronger and the country bene-
fitted by their riddance.
Much of the responsibilities for the defeat
of the Republican party in some of the south-
ern States is due to these incompetent or
selfish and corrupt men. I have read some-
where of a traveler in the Alps who saw on
the mountain side a poor sheep dragging about
its dead comrade, to which it had been tied by
a straw-rope by the shepherd to prevent stray-
ing too far. The poor animal had picked
every blade of grass and every leaf and twig
within reach of its strength to drag the carcass
to which it was tied, and was just ready to fall
and die when the compassionate traveler cut
the straw band and set it free to use and enjoy
its natural strength. So these selfish, corrupt,
and immoral men have been as dead fearcasses
chained to Republicanism ; and I ask all honest
men of all parties to join ine in cutting them
loose and in putting the administration of
republican government in the hands of honest
and competent men. But the Democrats of
the southern States have themselves mainly
to thank for these base officers, for it was their
bitter and intolerant spirit which prevented
many good men from taking office under the
reconstructed governments. The Democrats
sought by proscription, intimidation, and abuse
to keep all good men from accepting office,
and now abuse us because we have given them
bad ones.
But, sir, there has not been a scheme of cor-
ruption consummated or projected, in connec-
tion with these southern States and municipal
governments, in which Democrats have not
Keen full partners and from which they have not
had their full share of plunder. I have never
yet voted a Democratic ticket, but will agree
to do so when they ail get tQ be honest. And
when they shall purify the government of the
city and State of New York, where they have
ample power, I will agree they may cast stones
at our southern State governments. What this
Democratic government of New York city is,
let the following extracts from Democratic
papers show. Pomeroy's Democrat of Sep-
tember 28, 1870, says, editorially:
"Democrats here in this Democratic city stand
back like cowards, waiting in line witli thieves,
repeaters, crib-keepers, burglars, murderers, and
prison-birds, to see who is a fit man to represent,
not the people, but Bill Tweed, Peter B. Sweeney,
Slippery Dick Connolly, and a few other owners of
mahogany barns, rose-wood hog pens, and veneered
palaces filled witli furniture charged to and paid for
by the city.
" Under the management of our present city offi-
cials the credit of the city is not worth so much as
the promise ot a blackleg or a drunken prostitute.
For they will keep their word, while the head sa-
chems of Tammany, claiming to own the city of New
York, live by lying, thrive by trickery, fatten in cor-
ruption, cheat their supporters, victimize the pub-
lic, rob tho tax-payers, steal from every fund they
handle, and pay audited claims of honest business
men only on shares."
The New York Evening Free Press, of Feb-
ruary 20, 1870, with Senator Thurman's name
at the mast-head for President in 1872, says,
in a leading editorial:
"Were an honest vote cast here, honestly can-
vassed, these men would not retain their usurped
power twenty-four hours, and wc should be saved
not only from the deep disgrace of being ruled by
them, but from being annually robbed of millions
of dollars. Will any respectable citizen disinter-
estedly say that it is contrary to the spirit, intent,
and province of a republican Government to adopt
the only means left for getting a fair acknowledg-
ment of the will of the voters of this city? We hare
no hope in State aiftborities for protection. They
are the instruments of the ring, and owe their places
and power to the very frauds they should be the first
to deprecate and overthrow. Tho police are a large
felloe in the ring's great balance wheel, and we can
look to them for anything but aid in this extremity."
Let the Democracy get out of their glass
houses before they begin stone-throwing.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE.
But, Mr. President, the charge has been
heralded forth in every Democratic newspaper
of the country, and has been rung in our ears
in this Chamber day after day by the Demo-
cratic Senators, that these governments were
forced on (he people of the southern States by
the use of the bayonet; that they are sustained
by the Army, and that elections are carried
by military interference. I brand all these
charges as utterly untrue, and challenge the
proof. I make the assertion broadly, from a
thorough knowledge of the facts within my
own State, that neither the Army, nor any
member of it, has ever been used or has ever
acted to intimidate, or to control voters, or to
influence their votes in favor of the Repub-
lican party. The troops have been there sim-
ply as the conservators of the peace, and have
acted, only when called upon by the propel
civil officers, to aid them in the execution of
judicial process or the precepts of courts.
In no other manner have they ever been used
or have they ever acted, during President
Grant's administration,,and I defy proof to
the contrary.
This cry about military interference in elec-
tions in the South, and about constitutions
being forced on the people by bayonets, is a
partisan cry for political effect, and has no
foundation in facts. The Senate committee
of investigation has been continued through
the next session. Upon that committee there
have been placed by the Republican President
of the Senate two of the ablest Democratic
Senators, [Mr. Blair and Mr. Bayard,] who
have most loudly repeated this charge that the
Army has been used to control the elections
at the South. They are in communication
with their Democratic friends in the South, as
is shown by the communication from Governor
Lindsay, of Alabama, which the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] caused to be read in
the Senate a few days ago. Their Democratic
friends in the other House will also be-glad to
furnish any information they may have on this
point. The committee has power to summon
witnesses. Now, I challenge them to furnish
to the Senate and the country the proof of the
truth of this charge of the use of the bayonet
to control elections which these Democratic
Senators have so often and so boldly made on
this floor. Sir, the proof cannot be made in a
single instance under General Grant'sadminis-
tration.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Alabama yield to the Senator from
Missouri?
Mr. WARNER. In one moment. If these
facts are as charged ; if, as the Senator from
Missouri, who is now appealing to me, says,
the troops have been used to drive voters from
the polls, the fact can be established, and I
hope it may be. Now I will yield to the
Senator.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator challenges
any particular instance of interference of the
military, I should like to ask him if the mili-
tary did not occupy the State-house in his own
State to keep out the regularly elected Gov-
ernor at the last election in the interest of one
who was defeated by the people, and if the
military did not succeed in doing it for some
time ?
Mr. WARNER. I am coming to that very
point directly, and I hope the Senator will
remain in the Chamber. I shall answer him
very fully on that point. For the present I
answer "no," most emphatically. The Sen-
ator from Missouri, in debating this ques-
tion of military interference at the South, on
the loth of February, said—I quote from the
Globe of February 18:
'' It is only necessary now to withdraw the Army
