m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Senate.
Beconstruction—1865 to 1871—Mr. Warner.
41st Cong.... 3d Sess.
Senator, denounces the Ku Klux as murder-
ers and outlaws, the Federal general, now a
Senator from Missouri, has uttered no word
of disapproval.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] did
utter these brave, useful words; and I honor
him for so doing, notwithstanding his harsh
words about my party :
" Mr. President, X have never uttered one -word
of defense in favor of KuIClux organizations. The
Senate will bear me witness that no one spoke
more strongly against them than I did at, the last
session. If I were looking at the subject simply in
a partisan point of view, X am not so stupid as not
to know thatevery outbreak of that kind only injures
the party to which I belong, only furnishes the mate-
rial for our opponents to excite the passions of the
people and excite the passions of Congress. I know
it full well; and if my voice eould reach every man
■who violates the law in the South, and eould have
potential influence with liim, it would be addressed
to hiiu in three simple words, 'obey the laws.'
Such are my feelings; such are my natural instincts;
and such is my interest and the interest of the party
to which I belong. There is nothing to be gained
by us by outrages, which only furnish our adversa-
ries with pretexts for passing acts of legislation that
but o. few years ago would havo shocked every sense
of liberty, of freedom, and of constitutional law that
had an abiding place in the American heart."
If all the Democratic Senators on this floor
and the Democratic Representatives in the
other House, instead of seeking to deny or
palliate all intolerance and violence at the
South, would boldly denounce them, they
would do the country a service. The Senator
from Ohio is the only Democratic Senator
who has thus spoken. I wish the Senator from
Missouri would use his mighty influence with
his political friends at the South, not to excite
and inflame passion, but to restrain and calm
it down. His voice would be potent for peace
as it has been for disturbance. If the Demo-
cratic representatives in this Chamber and in
the other House would with one voice boldly'
say' to their political friends at the South,
"You must stop tljis violence and proscription
for political differences," they would stop it.
Their influence would be effective in aid of
peace, and I hope it may be patriotically
exercised in that way.
While I do not charge the whole body of the
southern people with responsibility for these
outrages, I do say that they are responsible
for not crushing them out by creating a de-
termined public opinion that shall make the
civil law powerful to arrest and punish crim-
inals. There is a great body of good men at
the South who deplore this violence and pro-
scription, but they have not yet made their
influence effectively felt. I hope that all good
men may come to the point of aiding to put an
end to both.
Sir, the language which I shall read, coming
from a man whom I know to have been a brave
Union soldier, and who is an honest, good cit-
izen, is enough to stir the blood of every hon-
est American citizen. He writes me, under a
very recent date:
"X feel a little mortified, to say nothing of the
anger that rises, when X think that, I. after fighting
for the'old flag' when it was tottering, should be
forced to leave any portion of the land over which
it waves on account of my fidelity to her many stars
and stripes. But such is tlio case; 'To leave or die'
was their motto,"
I tell Senators from my personal knowledge
that in the county in which he lived his life
■was not safe, and to save it ho was obliged to
leave. That is true of that county. It is not
by any means true of all nor of a majority of
the counties in the State of Alabama. He
lived in the town of Eutaw, where the scene
occurred which I described the other day,
and where I was denied in 1868 the right of
speech. If it ever happens to the Senator from
Missouri, as I hope it never may, to experience
the pain of being denied the right to express
his political opinions, he will find how hard
it is for an American citizen, and particularly
for one who has been a soldier, to submit to it.
When I attempted to make a mild, calm,
conciliatory speech, such as. I always make, I
found an armed mob who denied me the right;
and when, from a natural and just indignation
which arose in my heart that I should be de-
nied a right guarantied to me by the Constitu-
tion of my country, I said that I would speak
there if it took a thousand soldiers to protect
me, the mob toldmel "Bringon yourPederal
soldiers and we will butcher them!" Such
things are a shame and a disgrace to the coun-
try. Does the Senator from.Missouri agree
with me?
But, sir, the great difficulty about this vio-
lence in the South, as the committee and the
Senate will find, isthatitcomes from an organ-
ization which extends throughout the southern
States. If we only had to deal with sporadic
cases of crime, that occur from individual pas-
sion or excitement, it would be comparatively
a trifling matter. It is the fact that there is an
organization made up of the worst material in
the country, the same material out of which
mobs are made everywhere, whose main object
is to control elections, that makes violence so
general and so audacious, and renders it im-
possible to suppress it and to enforce the law
against the perpetrators. It is not, let Sena-
tors understand, the brave confederate soldiers
who mainly compose this organization. The
best and boldest men of the confederate army
have nothing to do with it. The editors of
newspapers in the South, above all other men,
are responsible for creating bitterness of feel-
ing and for disseminating prejudices and ex-
citing passions out of which comes violence,
and they are not the men whom the Senator
from Missouri and myself met upon the field
of battle. They are either men who were not
soldiers at all or who have no record as such
of which they can be proud.
But, Mr. President, I want peace, and have
preached it from the end of the war. I have
steadily opposed all confiscation and proscrip-
tion because of rebellion, and I have never
said a word which could grate harshly upon
the ears of an honorable confederate' soldier.
In a speech which I made at Huntsville, Ala-
bama, last fall, and which was widely circulated
by the Republican State committee, I said:
'But the bigoted sectionalism of the action of the
Democratic convention shall not change my course.
Beaten, baffled, and ruined, as is the Democratic
party of Alabama and the Union, X can afford to
overlook its ilhberality, and X shall continue to
labor zealously for universal amnesty as tending to
the peace and prosperity of my country. The high-
est purpose of my heart is that all the citizens of my
country shall Save the peaceful enjoyment of equal
lights and that they shall be bound together in the
indissoluble bonds of fraternal love.
" Proud, as I justly am, of the humble part which
I boro in the struggle for the Union and liberty. I
havo never sought to punish the confederate soldier
lor the part he took against the Government. I
havebeen and am willing and anxious that by-gones
shall bo by-gones, and want the Government to for-
give all political offenses, however unjustifiable. X
cannot justify, but I can forgive rebellion. 'Ven-
geance is nune; X will repay, saith the Lord.' I will
forgive, and leave to ' Ilim who doeth all thihgs
well' to judge us, and to mete out to all their just
deserts. X sympathize as deeply as any man can
with the people of the South in those sorrows which
the war brought upon them, and I wish to do all
that lies in my power to heal its wounds and repair
its ravages. I cannot make full allowance for the
feelings of wounded pride and deep humiliation
which the leaders in secession felt at their defeat
and ruin. All this I have considered and felt, and
while X have been, and shall continue to be, firmly
and steadfastly true to the great principles of Union,
liberty, and equality, which inspired our armies,
and which it is the mission of the Republican party
to make real and practical, yet I have spoken no
word since Appomattox which could justly wound
the tenderest sensibility of any honorable, brave
confederate soldier. X fought under my country's
banner lor results—the results of Union, liberty, and
peace, not for the gratification of any personal ani-
mosity, for X had none. TJnion and liberty have
been secured, and thereremains to be obtained only
peace and good-will. To this end all my efforts have
been directed since 1865, and for this end I speak
to-day.
" I respect the bravery and skill of the confederate
soldier, though deeming him in the wrong. He vin-
dicated his sincerity with his heart's best blood. lis
fought a brave fight, and was beaten, as X think he
ought to have been. The issues which arrayed us
against each other have been settled by the God of
battles. Under the stars and stripes X offer him the
hand of fellowshipand friendship, and would extend
to him all the political rights and privileges which
I myself enjoy. I ask him to accept the olive-branch
which I tender, and to join in giving equal rights to
all, and in giving peace and prosperity to our State
and country.
''General Grant's administration ought, to be the
pride of every American citizen. Honesty, econ-
omy, and fidelity pervade every department ot it.
Why cannot we support it? Abandoning strife,
according to all the rights we claim for ourselves, not
seeking to turn backward on the dial of progress, or
to reopen settled questions, only to get the same
results after much strife and bitterness, why stand
and rail at doom and fight destiny by seeking to hin-
der the success ot republicani-m? Why not leave
the past to bury its dead, and turn our f tees and our
steps toward the future, which beckons us so kindly,
and which holds in its hands such rich gifts?
" One word more and I am done. Crime and out-
lawry disgrace some small sections of the State.
Disguised men commit deeds of vioJence and mur-
der, which cry to Heaven for punishment. These
crimes paralyze industry, check immigration, keep
away capital, and demand swift punishment: and I
appeal to the solid good citizens of our State to rise
in their might, and, through the majesty of a determ-
ined public opinion, enforce the law. Do not allow
the State or national Government to be tempted too
far by the continuance of violence. These crimes
must and will be stopped. The responsibility rests
upon the substantial citizens of the State to create a
public opinion which shall make the civil law effect-
ive to protect life and property. Let no one be silly
enough to think that any political party can be ben-
efited by violence. It will ruin any party in any-
State that abets it. Elections carried by violence
and terror aro no eleotions, and will bo so regarded.
Let us agree to disagree on questions of political
policy, but let us all preach ' peace and good-will to
men,' standing on the grandest platform yet given,
' Do unto others as ye would others should do unto
you.'"
Yes, Mr. President, I want peace, but with
injustice. I would imitate nature. My path-
way from my home to this Capitol lies over
one continual battle field, nine hundred miles
long, and I observe with pleasure that the
rains and frosts and dews are aiding the indus-
try of man to smooth down the rugged outlines
and sharp angles of forts and fortifications,
while her vines and flowers seek to hide the
evidences of strife. So would I, by kindly
and liberal legislation toward the South, and
by kindly words, seek to turn away wrath and
make peace. The Union men and Republicans
of the South only ask for toleration of political
opinion and action ; and this we have a right
to demand, and this it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to guaranty us. While we pray for
peace we are asked to pay too dearly for it.
Mr. President and Senators, I am for peace -r
but if peace can only be had on condition of
digging up and casting out the bones of our
dead soldiers from the graves where the nation
has buried them, and which have been strewn
with flowers by a grateful people, and wet with
the tears of widows, mothers, and orphans j
of not only forgiving the rebel, but of asking
his forgiveness for having been a Union man;
of putting the gray above the blue, the stars
and bars over the stars and stripes, of repudi-
ation of the national debt,' of denial of free
speech and freedom of political action, of put-
ting the negro in a condition of serfdom, then
the old issues are raised, and 1 am not for such
a peace. I am willing to bury the gray and
the stars and bars, and that their friends shall
drop their tears on their graves without re-
proach from me ; and I can add my respect for
the courage of the brave men who died for
these, and I can share my sympathies for the
sorrowing widows, orphans, and maimed men
with which the rebellion filled the whole land—
with all, whether of the blue or the gray : but
buried must be the stars and bars, while the
stars and stripes must float forever, and under
them must be liberty and justice.
JUSTICE, PEACE.
If pictures are to be hung in legislative halls
to commemorate the heroes of the war and to
