to
-3-
co
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Education—Mr. Loughridge.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
mate of the value of popular education, and
not content with schools of an average grade,
voluntarily tax themselves with liberal hand
for the purpose of raising the standard of their
common schools, until they are not only of the
highest standard, but absolutely free. The ex-
teut to which the people of that State carry
taxation for common schools may be inferred
from the factthat the amount of tax levied and
collected for school purposes in each year ex-
ceeds the total of that collected for all other pur-
poses. One county in the district I represent,
■which had in 1817 but 500 inhabitants, and
which had but 8,000 inhabitants in 1860, levied
and collected by direct, taxation for school pur-
poses in 1800 more than two thirds as much as
the entire amount collected in South Carolina
for that year, and more than the annual average
amount collected in the, entire State of South
Carolina from 1810 to 18G0.
The following is an official statement of the
condition of school affairs in that State in the
year 1807, which I will here read, having
nothing at hand of a later date:
" The enumeration tor 18(57 thewholcnum-
ber of persons of school :>pro to be oT'J 909. The total
number of touchers employed during t.lio last year
was 10.313. showing that lorevery number of thirty-
six persons having a right to common-school priv-
ileges, ono teacher has been employed. There are
5,454 school-houses reported, making :in average of
lifty-six lor every organized county in the State,
manyof which counties contain less than one thou-
sand i lib sibilants each, and averaging over livo
school-houses to each organized township. And
these, it should bo remembered, are independent
ol the sixty-two academies, col leges, and universities
established at diflcicnt points in the Si ate.
"Tho total amount expended tor the support of
common schools during the last your was $2,089,597
82, niiiking&S til paid tor each pupil during the year,
and &5 55 per cpifa for the entire number of school
age, and t lie sum of $2 29 per capita for the entiro
population of tho State as shown by tho present
census."
Here, Mr. Speaker, in these two States, is
a fair exemplification of the results of the two
opposite systems in regard to education, and
the result is just such as we should natutally ex-
pect in its influence upon the character of the
people. The one State took thelead in thcrebel-
Iiou, and her people were mad with treason ; the
other brought, its whole power and strength
to the defense of the Government. The one
robbed the cradle and the grave to fill the
ranks of an army fighting to destroy the Repub-
lic and perpetuate slavery ; the other gave one
ninth of its entire population to preserve liberty
and save the life of the nation.
Why did the people of South Carolina thus
rush into the rebellion and turn traitors to the
Government of their fathers? Was it for the
preservation of slavery? Why, sir, but one
out. of every twenty voters in the State owned
any slaves or had any interest in the perpe-
tuity of the institution, while all the inter-
ests of the nineteen twentieths were in oppo-
sition to slavery and tcquired its destruction.
There is but one answer: prejudice, which is
the child of ignorance, led the masses of that
State into the rebellion. Slavery was the
pretext. The ignorance of the masses made
them willing instruments in the hands of con-
spirators and traitors. And, Mr. Speaker,
this comparison which I have made between
these two States of South Carolina and Iowa
will hold out with striking similarity if ex-
tended to the entire sections to which I have
referred.
Now, sir, had a system of common schools
been established in Virginia, North and South
Carolina, and Georgia with the settlement of
those States, as it was in Massachusetts and
Connecticut, and had that system extended
with the tide of emigration over the entire
South, had public school-houses been scat-
tered over its green hills and in its sunny val-
leys instead of slave-pens and auction-blocks,
where human beings, men and women, made
in the image of God, and for whom Christ
died, were sold like oxen and horbes, there
would have been no rebellion, no war. Before
the influence of popular education slavery, the
pretext and cause of the rebellion, would long
since have passed away like the darkness
before the morning sun. Slavery and com-
mon schools are antipodes ; they cannot long
exist in the same jurisdiction. Slavery is the
child of darkness, the relic of barbarism, and
can exist only amid ignorance.
I do not wish to be understood as intimating
that universal ignorance has prevailed in the
southern States. On the contrary, there has
always existed in that section of the country a
high state of intellectual culture and acquire-
ments. But unfortunately it has been con-
fined to a favored class, and that class but a
small proportion of the whole people. The
history of our country, its records, legislative,
executive, and judicial, attest fully the fact
that from that favored class in the South the
Republic has drawn many of its most elo-
quentorators, profound statesmen, atidlearned
scholars, and, indeed, for the offices of honor
and of profit in the Government that class
in the South has furnished largely more than
their due proportion. But while this is true, it
has been the unfortunate fact that among the
masses of the common people of the South
there has been a deplorable state of ignorance,
because, and simpiy because, to them the ave-
nues to education have been closed by the
imperious and cruel power of the slave-holding
aristocracy. The result was that when through
hostility to the principles of the Government
and a wicked ambition for empire the educated
and talented leaders of the South raised the
standard of revolt against the Government they
wore able by misrepresentation, appeals to
prejudice, deceit, and false promises to deceive
and mislead the masses of the common people,
and to precipitate them into a war against
their Government, a war against all their own
interests, a war as causeless as it was hopeless
and suicidal to themselves.
Never was clay more absolutely molded
by the hand of tho potter than was the mind
and feelings of the masses of the South by
their wicked and ambitious leaders during the
inception and the course of the rebellion.
And thus the singular spectacle was presented
of the common people, the poor classes of the
South, those who would naturally be expected
to value, cherish, and defend a Government
so kind and beneficent as ours, a Government
founded upon the great principle of true dem-
ocracy, "the equality of all men before the
law," being-animated with the most deadly
hatred to that Government, and being led to
attempt its overthrow and destruction, and the
erection upon its ruins of another government
at war with every principle of democracy, a
government the foundation stone of which was
tho right, of one man to live upon another,
man's toil.
In the northern States the common school
was one of the earliest institutions ; the system
was cherished and sustained by the people from
the earliest settlement of the country. Pro-
vision was made hy law in the New England
States for the popular education of the people
by free schools long before such laws had been
thought of by any country in Europe.
In 1642 the General Assembly of Massa-
chusetts ordered that every village containing
fifty families should maintain a school in which
reading and writing should be taught, and these
schools were supported by tax and free to
all. And this system, established at so early
a period, was cherished, strengthened, and
perpetuated by the people. It spread over all
New England and the middle States; it kept
pace with the westward tide of emigration.
The hardy pioneer carried it with him to his
western home, and the settler's cabin was sel-
dom far in advance of the districtschool-liouse;
and thus the .system spread over the entire
Northwest, and has been sacredly cherished
and liberally sustained in every Territory and
State in the North.
And in those district school-houses, nu mbercd
by tens of thousands, scattered over the hills,
the valleys, and the prairies of the North, have
been educated the men who have controlled
the destinies of the nation. The noble women,
who, with more than Spartan heroism and devo-
tion, have sacrificed so much for their country,
and sustained it with such unfaltering patriot-
ism in its days of darkness and of bloody strife ;
and the armies of heroic young men, who, act-
uated by an intelligent patriotism, at their coun-
try's call flew to its defense, periled their lives
and their all for its salvation, rolled back the
tide of war, and over hundreds of hard fought
battle-fields, where—
"Slaughter heaped on high her weltering ranks,"
carried the flag of their country forward to
final and complete triumph ; an army such as
the world never before saw; an army not of
blind and bigoted fanatics nor ignorant and
deluded followers, but educated, intelligent
American citizens, who freely and voluntarily
assumed the perils and hardships of war in
defense of their Government ajid of the great
principles which lie at the foundation of that
Government.
And, sir, only to this general intelligence of
the masses of the people of the loyal States
can be attributed that persevering tenacity
with which they sustained and carried for-
ward the Government during the protracted,
tedious, and bloody contest. The firing upon
Fort Sumter might have been, would have been
sufficient to have aroused the passions of an
ignorant population into spasmodic action ; but
time and the sacrifices, burdens, horrors, and
reverses of war would soon have cooled the
ardor and abated the zeal of any other than an
intelligent patriotism founded upon principle
and actuated by a proper appreciation of the
value of the Government they were thus called
upon to defend.
Educated to a full knowledge of the inesti-
mable value of their Government, and with an
enlightened view of their duties and their re-
sponsibilities, looking not only to the present
but to the great future, not only to their own
welfare but to the welfare of their posterity,
the loyal people of the country entered upon
the war in the defense of their Government with
a calm and settled determination that, cost
what it might of blood and of treasure, they
would sustain and save that Government; and
I hesitate not to say that the untiring perse-
verance and unyielding tenacity exhibited by
the loyal people during the long years of that
war—a war which by their own free will at
any day they could have terminated, but which
they voluntarily chose to continue—has no par-
allel in the history of the world. God only
knows, no man can appreciate, the mountain of
agony that rested upon and weighed down the
great heart of the loyal people of the nation
during those terrible years. Their industry
was crippled, their firesides were desolate,
widows and orphans were multiplied through-
out the laud, their financial burdens were
enormous, and their Treasury empty; national
debt was being contracted by thousands of
millions, their armies were shattered by crush-
ing defeats; call after call was made for vol-
unteers to fill the ranks thinned by disease and
death, which were responded to by the flower
of the youth of the land. During a great por-
tion of the time to the most hopeful the issue
seemed exceedingly uncertain. Serious and
apparently fatal defeats from time to time
spread the pall of darkness over the nation
and saddened the hearts of the people. Dur-
ing all this time a large party in the North
opposed with all their power and influence the
prosecution of the war. Their orators pic-
tured to the people in glowing colors the grim
