284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3;
Ho. of Reps.
National Military Asylums—Mr. Farnsivorth.
41st Cons 3d Sess.
1865, from headquarters department of Virginia and
North Carolina. The object of this commission was
to investigate the extent and nature of the trade
carried on through and from the port of Norfolk
■with the interior of Virginia. The commission has
been in session since that date, sitting dailyj Sun-
days excepted, about four hours per day, without
any intermission until the present.
"Question. What has been the result of your invest-
igation and observation thus far in relation to the
subject-matter of the investigation. Please state
fully and particularly in narrative form.
"Ansioer. My opinion, from the investigation thus
far continued, is that by far the greater portion of
the goods, wares, and merchandise admitted into the
port of Norfolk find their way directly into the rebel
lines, for the benefit of the rebel armies."
A*** * * * * **
"By Mr. Perry:
"Question. Who do you find have been engaged in
this trade most prominently?
"Answer. The store at Coon Jack was nominally
under a simple-minded North Carolinian named C.
C. Poole; but Mr. Poole had, in fact, $ very small
interest, I think one tenth, while nine tenths were
owned by a man who had been adjutant general of
this district tor more than a year, named Johnston,
who went off very suddenly after this investigation
commenced, and before I had fairly done with him.
He is now, 1 understand, in Boston, i think John-
ston testified that nine tenths was further divided,
one Sanborn being part owner.
"Question. Where do you find this Poole's residence
to bo?
" Ansioer. He was a resident, I think, of Elizabeth
City, but kept his store at Coon Jack. I can also
fcay, from the testimony in my possession, of Poole,
that as he did not make enough to satisfy him by
selling, it was Johnston's habit to get military per-
mits in Norfolk for goods to go to the Coon Jack
tmdc store, and then to sell theso goods'to parties in
Elisabeth City, passing them directly by Coon Jack,
and receiving twenty-five per cent, bonus on the
invoice price; thus soiling directly amilitary permit
to go outside our lines, Jilhzabetb City being four-
teen miles outride of our pickcts.
" Question. Who is Johnston ?
Johnston was formeily assistant adjutant
general of this district, and had acted as assistant
adjutant general of the department under General
But&eii. lie re.Mgned, 1 think, la&t November, and
immediately established this store. Ho had a groat
deal to do with permits before his resignation.
" Question. What interest had Mr. Hildreth in any
*>f those stores "l
" Ansioer. The store at Bellyback was carried on
tinder the title of Itenshaw <fc Co. Itenshaw was
boru in Kentucky ; wasfound m New Orleans when
tho f*iry was taken by General Butler; was clerk to
Mr. Recd.abrother-in-lawofGeneial Butlkr; was
engaged m trading lor liildreth in Now Orleans
with a permit, (so bo says;) was afterward in New
York, and was there solicited by liildreth to come
down to this district and open a store, lie camo
and secured permission to start astore at Bellyback.
liildreth was interested m thisstore two filths Ron-
sHaw two fifths, and a man by the name of Charles
Whitlock one filth, though Whitlockput in about
alt the capital. Whitlock was tried last September
before a military commission for trading with the
rebels. These proceedings were carried away by
Geitoiul Butlkr. J sent lor them and they were re-
turned with action upon them; but the action was
■after General Butlkr had been relieved, and there-
fore, I think, is void. Mr. Whitlock, however, has
been permitted since the trial to continuo his busi-
ness until I stopped him.
44 By Mr. Warhburjjk:
"Question. What was the action of General Butler
upon this proceeding?
"Answer. Tho commission fined him $1,000, and
sentenced him to imprisonment during the remain-
der ot the war. General Butlkr remitted the im-
prisonment, but approved the fine, lie stated that
tie remitted the imprisonment because since that
timeihe President had authorized the trade to be
continued .under a general regulation, as 1 under-
stand, allowing goods to be earned in to the extent
of one third the amount of cotton brought out.
"Question. Do I understand that under this finding
and sentence of the commissiou, and the approval
of the finding and a portion of the sentence, while
tho action on tho sentence was delayed, Whitlock
was allowed to continue on in his business as before?
"Answer. Whitlock was allowed to continue his
business.
"Question. Where was Whitlock from?
"Answer. He was originally from Connecticut, The
store at Bernard's AT ills had as partners McKay and.
Riddle of Baltimore, and Mr. Hildreth. liildreth
was there to have one hall' the profits and to put in
no capital. The parties said they were willing to
pay him that because of his interest with General
Butler. They have since stated with a good deal of
candor thatsinceGencr.il Butler's lemoval they did
not feel themselves bound by their bargain.
" Question. Where is Mr. liildreth now ?
"Answer. Mr. Hildreth, the second or third day
after this commission commenced its investigation,
drew his money out of bank and went away. I have
not been able up to this time to find out where he is.
"Question, Previous to his departure had you sum-
moned him to appear before yon ?
"Answer. I think we had not, for the reason that
his connection with this matter had not appeared
until after he had gone. He has been summoned
since that time, but he did not appear.
"Question. Was Hildreth engaged in any other
stores there?
"Answer. I do not know positively that he was.
From all the evidence I have had, and from general
impression, that Hildreth was interested more or
less in all the cotton transactions in this department
from the Chowan river.
**Question. Were those goodssent out purchased at
Norfolk?
"Answer. All of them.
"Question. Were there any particular stores here
which had the bulk of that trade?
"Answer. We have not gone far enough in the
investigation to know from what particular parties
they came. I can state this, however: that a very
large portion of them came from the large hereto-
fore wholesale establishment of Itenshaw, of which
Iiifdreth is half owner. It had four branches within
the rebel lines. liildreth, I think, had two fifths
interest in all these transactions.
"Question. Where is Renshaw at this time?
"Answer. He is under guard here.
"Question* Do you know of any one true interest
of tho Government which has been subserved by this
trade?
"Answer, Not in the slightest degree, unless the
Government considers it for its interest to exchange
commissary stores for cotton. If that be so, it can
be done, in ray judgment, to any extent."
Now, sir, what did this Fortress Monroe
property cost General Butler, and how did
he pay for it? He swears that he advanced
$12,000 in 18G4 to purchase an interest in a
property shingled over with all sorts of liens,
and which had made everybody poor who had
ever owned it before, for the War Department,
and that some time afterward Mr. Stanton,
Secretary of War, refused to take it, although
he had requested Butler to purchase it for the
Government. Does any man believe this story?
What officer of the Army was ever called upon,
before or since, to advance his own money for
the War Department? Why, sir, the Govern-
ment continued in the possession of that prop-
erty until 1869. Unfortunately, Mr. Stanton is
dead, and therefore cannot contradict this story,
and the only record that can be found in the
War Department at all relating to this property
is the following;
War Department,
Washington City, February 6,1864.
Gentlemen: The Secretary of War directs mc to
call your attention to the following copies of indorse-
ments by the major general commanding the depart-
ment of Virginia and North Carolina and the Sur-
geon Gencial of tboArmy in your communication
of the 12th ultimo, requesting remuneration for the
occupancy by the United States authorities of the
Chesapeake College and grounds near Port Monroe,
Virginia:
Headquarters Department of
Virginia and North Carolina,
Fort Monroe, January 31,1864.
Respectfully referred,to the Surgeon General of
the United States Army. This case substantially
covers the ground used by the Chesapeake and
McClcllan hospitals.
Tho owners were all in tho rebellious States, and
have all been connected with the rebellion. The
property was taken for a hospital under General
Wool, is now used for hospital purposes, and is
necessary. The question seems to mo to be whether
the rights of third persons have not intervened
under the President's proclamation.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
Major General Commanding.
Surgeon General's Office,
February 4, 1864.
Respectfully referred to the honorable Secietary
of War. Thecollege buildings occupied as the Chesa-
peake general hospital having been repaired and
preserved iu good order by the United States, this is
considered a full equivalent for rent. The improve-
ments upon the grounds occupied by the Hampton
general hospital will more than compensate for its
use when no longer required as a hospital.
J0S12PH K. BA&NE3,
Acting Surgeon General.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ED. R. S. CANBY,
Brigadier General, Assistant Adjutant General.
Richard Cox et al., Portsmouth, Virginia.
In his indorsement it will be observed that
General Butler says allthe owners were u con-
nected with the rebellion." In his testimony
he swears that the four whose interests he then
purchased were loyal.
I also have here the statement of Colonel
Thomas Tabb, the lawyer who procured the
title for Butler in 1869, which is in addition
to and correction of his evidence given before
the committee, from which it will be seen that
Butler never paid but $35,412 43, including
a fee of $750, to Tabb, and including also the
$12,000 paid for the Secretary of War j and
including interest upon all this he can make it
not quite forty thousand dollars, thus making
a speculation of a clear $10,000, while if he
did not advance the $12,000 for the United
States Government it cost him but $23,791 30,
including interest, realizing a profit of over
twenty-six thousand dollars.
But suppose he paid for it with the asylum
funds in his hands, (for he had a good deal
more than that amount at the time, for which
he was paying the asylum no interest,) then it
will be seen that the property cost him but
$22,200, and $750 attorney's fee, making
$22,950, and realizing over $27,000 profit in
the operation. Could I have had the treas-
urer's bank account, I would have proved that
the property was bought with asylum money.
Letter of Thomas Tabb, giving dates and statement of
transactions as attorney jor General B. F. Butler in
the matter of the militu/y asylum.
Hampton, Virginia, February 6, 1871.
General: I have the honor to inclose to you the
exact date of my transactions as attorney for Gen-
eral B. F. Butler in the matter of the Chesapeake
Female College, and now the Military Asylum near
this place. I informed the committee I could not
speak with minute accuracy as to dates and amounts
unless I made reference to my books and the records
of the court.
The date of the contract purchasing the property
from Messrs. Hume, Morris. Armistead, and Wright
was the 9th of June, 1869. General Butler had pre-
viously, namely, 14th January, I860, purchased the
interest of Messrs. Cox, Salisbury, and Dennis in the
property. By the agreement made the 9th June,
1869, General Butler was to give $34,200, less $12,000,
which he had paid to Cox, {Salisbury, and Dennis.
By this contract he was to pay off the liens before
the expiration of the stay-law in Viiginia, and the
balance of the $22,200 in the payment of the Hens
he was to pay to Messrs. Hume, Morris, Armistead,
and Wright within four months, which was afterward
modified to four months from the 15th of September,
1869, that being the first term of our circuit court at
which the whole matter could be ratified by decree
of court in tho suit then pending in regard to the
property, and which was accordingly done on the
27th of October, 1869, being a special term of our
cirouit court, there having been no court at the regu- 4
lar term, namely, 15th of September.
I also inclose a statement of the liens and dis-
bursements. You will see they amount to the sum
of $22,662 43, some three months' interest having ac-
crued upon them. By the terms of the contract of
the 9th June the intereston the liensfrom that date
was to be paid by General Butler. Of this sum of
$22,662 43 it is proper to state that $18,821 63 was paid
to discharge the liens, $468 70 for insurance, $33 40
was paid to Messrs. Hume, Morriss, Armistead, and
Wright, being the balance dueto them after the sat-
isfaction of the liens as of the 9th June, 1869, and the
balance, $32 10, for stamps, recording, &c.
On or about the zOth September, 1869.1 drew, in obe-
dience to instructions from General Butler, upon a
party in Lowell for $18,000. I cannot ascertain the
precise date, nor the name of the party, but I am very
positive his name was Carney; and I had the amount
of the draft placed to my credit in the Citizens'
Bank, Norfolk, as shown by my bank book, on the
29th September, 1869. The remainder of the money
was realized from the collections made upon bonds
due to General Butler from parties in this locality.
I stated in my examination that the property cost
General Butler about forty thousand dollars. My
meaning was, that it stood him about that sum at
the time he parted with it.
January 14,1865, paid Cox, Salisbury, and Dennis
the sum of   $12,000 00
Interest on $12,000 for live years and six
months  3,960 00
Amount paid by me, as per statement
rendered  22,662 43
Interest on $22,662 43, say six months  379 87
My fee    750 00
Total    $39,752 30
1 am, general, very respectfully, your obedient,
THOMAS TABB.
General James S. Negley,
Chairman Military Committee.
^ The truth of this matter is very plain to me,
sir. Butlkr had paid no money of his own for
that property, ana really had no interest in it
until 1869, wnen he saw a chance to sell it for
an asylum. He then employed Colonel Tabb,
and procured a title, using the money in hia
