1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28T
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Swamp-Land Swindles—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
[From, the Sacramento Union.]
The Swamp Land Business.—We printed the other
day a letter from E. 0. F. Hastings to the surveyor gen-
eral ot this State, reviewing, in his way, Julian's
bill to better define swamp and tide lands, &c. The
first section of the bill proposes to restore all lands
that have been selected as swamp and overflowed by
the States, under the act of 1850, that are in fact sot
swamp and overflowed to the Government of the
U nited States. To this j ust and reasonable proposi-
tion Hastings objects, because, as he says, "it would
deprive the State of a large amount of land claimed
as swamp and overflowed, which has been soLd by
the State to purchasers in good faith." This is no
argument at all, but the poorest of special pleading.
If ihe State, through the corrupt practices of land-
grabbers in league with faithless local officers, has
possessed itself of thousands of acres of land3 not to
be classed by any reasonable interpretation of law
as swamp and overflowed, the transactions should be
treated as Mm pie frauds and set aside just in the way
Julian's bill proposes.
The State ot California does not ask this wrongon
the United States. It is the doing of men who seek
to put the State in a false position and make their
fortunes by it. No part of the honest people would
be benefited by allowing the public lands not swamp
and overflowed to pass fro&t the General Govern-
ment into the hands of the State only to be trans-
ferred to incorporated land-grabbers, whose plan and
interest it is to at once ad vance the price from the Gov-
ernment minimum of $1 25 per acre to five, ten, fif-
teen,or twenty dollars, aeeordingtosituation. These
fellows have been using the name of the State and
the good reputation of the school fund to cover up
the tracks ot their speculations about long enough.
The people who have an interest, in obtaining cheap
lands at Government prices, without a cloud resting
on the title, begin to understand the game that is
being played, and fuey want just such a bill defining
swamp lands as this of Julian.
The third section also comes in for a share of Has-
tings's objections. It reads: "that where lands se-
lected as swamp, or which may hereafter be selected
as swamp, are disposed of under any law of the Uni-
ted States, or to which any adverse right maybe
attached antler any law of the United States prior
to the issuing of patent under the swamp grant, such
disposition shall be considered as establishing the
arable condition of the lands disposed of as afore-
said, and they shall be accordingly rejected as swamp
and strickcn from the swamp lists." This Hastings
calls "ve y mischievous," because "it would un-
settle titles and throw open to vexatious litigation
the right to lands purchased in good faith, andwould
in fact deprive the purchaser and possessor of the
land." Such an expression is the shallowest soph-
isiry. It the land is disposed of under any law of
the United States, that fact is prima facie proof that
it is arable and not swamp.
The disposition referred to is by the homestead
or preemption laws. The section exactly meets the
needs of thousands of settlers like those in Sierra,
Beekwonrtli, and American valleys, where preemp-
tion claims have been laid in good faith and valuable
improvements made on theland. Had these regions
been in fact unlit for cultivation because they were
swamp and overflowed in any reasonable interpret-
ation of theactot 1850, no settler would have thought
<>{ laying his preemption or homestead claim there.
The Julian bill, so far from "unsettling titles," as
Hastings alleges, is intended to and would have the
i;ff<.-ot of confirming this large class of actual culti-
vators in their right to their farms and improvements,
whom the speculators under the State swamp and
overflowed claims seek to oust and despoil by setting
up an adverse title. Julian's bill leaves no room for
any title in conflict with that held by the United
States.
The most plausible argument urged in favor of
the indefinite right of the States to lands under the
act of 1850 is, that whatever is lost to the States will
go into the clutches of great railway corporations.
This argument is presented w^tii peculiar force in
California, where the laws of Congress have given
gi eat latitude to the railway companies in selecting
their land grants. We admit the existence of the
dilemma; but we do not see how anything is to be
gamed by preferring the first to the second class of
speculators. Tne land-grabbers under the States
claim may oust the oldest settler under the home-
stead or preemption laws, and takeaway all his im-
provements. The railway corporations cannot do
1 hat. They are bound to respect all those who settled
in good faith up to a specified time, and have com-
plied with the requirements ot the law. If they
secure any wild lands more than they would with-
out a law defining what i* meant by swamp and
overflowed tracts, much as that circumstance is to be
regretted, at least they are not likely to prove more
Rreed.v in the price demanded from'small purchasers
than the class of speculators now nosing about in
every corner of the State to monopolize every tract
with water enough on it to afford a natural pasture.
We want, above all things, our titles settled. They
never can be until Congress by Jaw takes it out of
the power of speculators in swamp and oveiflowed
lands to dispossess or vex and annoy the actual and
boiuifnie settlers undei the preemption and home-
stead laws.  
[From the Alta.]
From the attitude of some of the State officers
of California one would suppose that they wcro
interested m fortifying the strength of the closo
corporations and rings which have been gobbling
the so-called swamp lands in the interior of the
State. The Alta has repeatedly called attention to
the wholesale frauds which have been perpetrated
on citizens of Plumas, Sierra, Siskiyou, and other
counties by men who have claimed arable and im-
proved lands under State title as swamp, ousting
the settlers who have gone on them in good faith,
with the intention of perfecting titles under the
UnitedStates. Mr. Julian having introduced a bill
to define swamp and overflowed lands, Mr. Hastings,
State land attorney at Washington, writes to the
State surveyor general at Sacramento criticising the
proposition. His principal objection is that such a
definition as that proposed by Julian will deprive
the State of a large amount of lands which have
been sold in good faith before having been patented
to the State by the United States or confirmed by
statute. Hastings's argument proves too much.
J3y the act of Congress admitting California into
the Union the State was expressly prohibited from
interfering with the primary disposal of any public
lands within its limits; and it is a fundamental prin-
ciple in all the laws relating to the disposal of public
lands that no State has a right to give any deed or
conveyance of land until it has received title there-
for by patent or confirmatory statute. Yet the State
land olfico has actually permitted thousands of acres
of land, to which the Statehas no shadow of title, to
be sold to speculators, under the flimsy pretense that
it was swamp. And now, when efforts are made by
the United States authorities to protect the real
owners of the land, the settlers, a hue and cry is
raised that the State is being deprived of lands
which it has sold to honest purchasers. These men
had no right to buy of the State before it had even
a color of title to the lands, and the State officers
had no more right to dispose of these so-called swa mp
lands before they were made over to the State than
they had to dispose of any other property that did
not belong to them. This plea for men who bought
" in good faith " of the State is the most shallow of
all; everybody knows th$t theirs was a speculation
to coerce the United States Government into grant-
ing title through the State, after they had them-
selves dispossessed the original settlers by an artful
and oftentimes fraudulent claim.
[From the same.]
The Latest Wail of the Swamp Land-Grabbers.—
The very general denunciation by the California
press of the shameful acts of speculators in so-called
State swamplands has so thoroughly alarmed these
gentry that they are puttingforthin the newspapers
all the extensive pleas which they can make* in
order to stay, if possible, any further proceedings
against them. The practice of grabbing land by"
wholesale under the specious pretext that it was
swamp and belonged to the State has gone on so
long that every possible effort is naturally made to
keep up the game. One of the latest wails of this
precious junta of speculators appears in a letter to
one of the San Francisco papers, over the signature
of John Mullan, a gentleman whose transactions
as landand immigration agentaresomewhat unsav-
ory. Of course the chief argument of the cabal (for
we must take the letter in question as the formal
defense of the swamp land ring) is that the railroad
companies will get the land if the speculators do
not. Availing themselves of the popular clamor
against these corporations, and artfully catering to
an inevitable prejudice, these men affect much
righteous indignation against the railroad compa-
nies which propose to take all the lands they can
get. If there is any choice between the two sets of
claimants—the corporations and the speculators—
we are decidedly in favor of the party having prior
rights.
And it is certain that the railroads can only take
half the land, if they take any, but the swamp land
ring take all, both odd and even sections. As in
Colussa, county, for instance, where, by the conniv-
ance of officials, the survey of the townships (seven-
teen and eighteen) was rushed through in a day or
two, the work of weeks being nominally performed
in a single day, the speculators succeeded in antici-
pating tbo obtainmentof the rights of the railroad
companies and grabbed at one fell swoop^ixteen
thousand acres of land, keeping it out of tne mar-
ket The grasping railroad company, which Mr.
Mullan so much dreads, could have taken but a
fraction of that amount; and he pathetically asks,
" What has been done for reclamation?' What, we
would like to know. Millions of acres of so-called
swamp lands have been conveyed to this State by
the United States, and where has $100,000 been spent
for reclamation? And these sharpers, in a conven-
tion at Sacramento, which represented hundreds of
thousands of acres iniquitously snatched away from
actual settlers, dare to ask bow the odd sections ot
land can be reclaimed unless both odd and even arc
owned by the same parties. They know very well
that the lands need no reclamation, that the swamp
character is the flimsiest of pretexts, and that the
very lands which they claim have no more need of
reclamation than the plaza of this city.
It is also sophistically argued that these much-
abused conventiouists have acted ; in good faun.
Their good faith only amounts to this: they had faith
in the ability of the State land office ring to get
through one more haul of land which should include
their claims: they knew there was not a shadow of
title for the land over which they had spread then-
nets ; they knew it was not swamp land, and they
never would have made any investment in it under
the vague tiMe which covered it if they had not
good faith" in the power of the conspiracy in which
they were engaged. Where the facts are too noto-
rious, as in the Sierra valley ease, where a large and
thickly-settled area was covered over with swamp
land titles, after years of occupation. theSacrameri to
convention wisely vouchsafed no explanation, but,
according to Mr.Mullan. "determined not to entan-
gle themselves with difficulties of which they were
ignorant." Thi3 was certainly a very cool manner
of getting out of the difficulty, and quite charac-
teristic of abody of men who have laid violenthands
upon vast tracts of land to which they can have no
just claim, and who have been peddling "immigra-
tion society" land warrants through the State.
These men are very anxious that the present state
of things should be continued indefinitely, and they
plead piteousiy that existing laws, under which they
have managed so thriftly, should not be amended.
And they put on a fine show of indignation that the
Julian bill should institute inquiry into the charac-
ter of the lands sought to be listed to the State (and
to the swamp land ring) and are virtuously indig-
nant that expense should be incurred to determine
the relative rights of settler and speculator. This
sudden love of frugal legislation is commendable,
but it is also suspicious, it has for its purpose the
continuance of a system by which actual settlers,
who occupy and improve the public lands, adding
to the taxable value of the State and increasing the
general wealth, shall be displaced by a horde of
mere land-grabbers, who shall hold the lands against
preemptors, selling only at advanced rates. Who,
of these two classes, is the more desirable proprie-
tor ?
Let us be understood. The State has long since
exhausted its quota of lands, correctly claimed as
swamp and overflowed, yet once and again Congress
has permitted the legalization of additional claims
made under the old agreement that swamp and
overflowed lands should be listed to the State; and
now speculators have again gone outside the lines of
all previous segregations and grants, and have, by
fraud, (official and otherwise,) laid claim to other,
but arable, cultivatable. and cultivated, lands, the
legitimate property of settlers; and, the State author-
ities havingratifiedtheseselections, they are endeav-
oring to prevent the passage of a law (the Julian
bill) to institute inquiry into their doings and an
examination into their claims. This is the whole
case, and all the pother about " unsettling titles,"
''additional expenses," and " revolutionary legisla-
tion," is the merest twaddle, designed only to divert
from the true issue. We do not believe the game
will succeed, and we know that the sympathies of
every unprejudiced mind are with those who have
fundamental rights in the case, the settlers.
The editor of the Aha, it will be seen, refers
to one John Mullau, and to the proceedings
of a recent swamp land convention at Sacra-
mento, whose doings have been printed in
pamphlet and laid on the desks of members
of this House. Hear what the Bulletin, of
San Francisco, has to say of Mullan and his
convention:
Swamp Land Proceedings.—The Sacramento Union *
publishes the proceedings ot a meeting of persons
interesred in swamp lands, in Sacramento, on Tues-
day. The purpose of the meeting was to take action
against Julian's swamp land bill now before Con-
gress. Thib meeting appears to have comprised only
those who, under the loose definition which has here-
tofore prevailed, have bought swamp lands of the
State or are now endeavoring to buy the same. A
request was sent by telegraph to the California dele-
gation in Congress to suspend action on the bill until
the memorial adopted by the meeting could reach
Washington. This may be well enough.
Captain John Mullan, ot San Francisco, submit-
ted a form of dispatch, as follows:
"Hon. S. B. Axtkll, A. A. Sargent,
and J. A. Johnson t
"The purchasers of swamp lands from the State
in California are assembled in convention to-day,
and request the postponement of the consideration
of the Julian land bill until our memorial can be
received by Congress."
The author of this dispatch, wo believe, figured
recently m lands in San Bernardino, under cover of
some sort of an immigration scheme, which dissolved
at a convenient time. The particulars ot tins land
speculation weie given to .the public at the time.
This operation only served to whet the appetite for
swamp lands. Nothing could be more fitting in the
premises than that Mullan should send olfa.^eabon-
able dispatch to arrest Julian's swamp land bill.
We note further that one of the principal talkers
at this meeting spoke with great contempt ot the
" honest settler." Thi&meraonal shouhl goto Wash-
ington by all means. and it should belaid by the side
of that other memorial of the settlers in the Sierra
valley, which discloses a system of swindling and
dowmight rascality not often surpassed even m this
State.
On the same, from the Alta:
"At Sacramento, the other'day, there met a largo
number of persons who prepared a protest against
