288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Sivamp-Land Swindles—Mr. Julian.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
the so-called * Julian bill Ho define what are swamp
lauds. These gentlemen had thcirsneeratthe'bon-
est settler,' as though men who had no other claim to
the public lands than that acquired by occupation and
improvement, under the laws of the United States,
■were not worth much consideration. It is notorious
that the opposition to Julian's billcomes only from
speculators and land-grabbers; and, looking over
the names ofthose who are figuring in this business,
"we recognize some names of men who aro known as
'the State land office ring/who are 'on the inside,'
and who are claimants to immense tracts of land for
speculative purposes, under State title. And that
these men should have the hardihood to assemble
and pass resolutions against congressional legisla-
tion to protect settlers against their wholesale grab-
biugis one of the marvels of these times."
Mr. Speaker, these are the men who met in
their unhallowed conclave in Sacramento, and
whose ravenous lobby, during the whole of this
session, has labored night and day to defeat the
pending bill. The man who called the meet-
ing to order was B. F. Mouldin, one of the
largest land-sharks in the State, holding about
fifteen thousand acres in Honey Lake valley,
for which he has applied to the State. W. S.
Green is another large holder of swamp lands,
and In one of the newspapers of the State has
given the public to understand that a bribe
would not be offensive to him. Charles F.
Ilead is another, holding several thousand
acres. Captain John Mullan, already men-
tioned, holds all he can get, and is one of the
monopolists whose innocence of a conscience
is pretty well established. William Minnis,
of Yo\o} holds considerable, and William
Blanding is a very heavy speculator, and, as
(he proceedings ot the convention show, wants
blood. These are some of the precious spirits
•who figured in the convention, denounce hon-
est men, conspire against the pioneer settlers,
and impudently thrust on to the desks of
members the published proceedings of their
doings and designs.
And here, Mr. Speaker, let me refer to one
J. 1<\ &oughtqn, late surveyor general of the
State, who, together with Mr. L. A. Upson, son
of the late United States surveyor general, and
one Li. F. Moulton, hold over sixteen thousand
acres in townships seventeen and eighteen
north, range one west, which land they have
recently applied to the board of supervisors
of Colusa county to have set off in a separate
swamp land district. I first give the petition
of these men:
To the honorable Hoard of Supervisor*
of Coluna countu, State of California:
Tho undersigned present this petition, and respect-
fully show:
That they desire to adopt measures to reclaim the
body of swamp and overflowed lands described in
the schedule hereunto annexed, and for that pur-
pose do form a district to include the same.
A description of the lands your petitioners pro-
pose to reclaim is set forth by township.range, sec-
tion, and subdivision of sectionsiu thesaidschodulo.
'The number of acres in tho whole district is
16/247 30-100 acres, of which your petitioners are hold-
ers oi certificates of purchase from the State of Cali-
fornia, and other evidences of title to 10,247 30-100
acres being and representing more than one half of
all the lands withm the proposed district.
That the lands included within the limits of the
proposed distiict are situated in Oolusa county.
Th-ttthe schedule annexed states the several tracts
of land in the said district, the number of acres in
each tract, and the name of the owners thereof, so
far as known.
. Your petitioners would represent that all tho lands
included in the annexed schedule are entirely owned
by your petitioners, and that they are susceptible
of one mode of reclamation, and that they desire
to reclaim the same without the intervention of
trustees, and that wo iutend to undertake the said
reclamation on our own responsibility.
Wherefore your petitioners pray that after due
publication of this petition according to law,and the
heaiing of the same on a day to be lixed by your
honorable body, you will grant, the same, and allow
the formation of said district.
L, F. MOULTON,
J.XMIOUailTON,
L.A.UPSON.
Now, let me unmask the extraordinary per-
formances of these notable conspirators; and
to this end I call tQ my aid a perfectly well-
informed gentleman of California, well krfbwn
to gentlemen on this floor, and whose state-
ments will not be controverted. In a letter
to me he says:
u "Within the last ten days I have been over all ofj
township eighteen, claimed by them as swamp, and
over pretty much all the balance returned as high
land, and if anything, the portion returned as swamp
is the best land, and as good grain land as there is
in the Sacramento valley. I have also been over
most of township seventeen, which is of about the
same general character.
"I forwarded the other day the affidavits of a large
number of settlers in those townships to Hon. Wil-
liam M. Stewart, United States Senate, as to the
character of the lands and the facts as to its over-
flow, &c., and I wish you to read them, and partic-
ularly that of William Reynolds. The taking of
these lands as swamp and overflowed is one of the
greatest outrages ever perpetrated on the Govern-
ment. To give you some evidence of this fact, I will
say that township eighteen was surveyed November
10,1867, approved by United States Surveyor General
Upson (whose sonis one of the owners) on November
11, in San Francisco, plotted, and everything, and
tho plat filed in theMarysvillelandoffice on Novem-
ber 13.1867.
44 These parties wanted the lands. The townships
had not been surveyed; the railroad rights would
attach on tho 25th November, and to get ahead of
the railroad expedition was necessary; and so a
United States deputy was sent up by Surveyor Gen-
eral Upson to the land, one hundred and seventy-live
miles from San Francisco, and in le&s than five days
the survey had been made, (on paper,) field-notes
transmitted to San Francisco, (one hundred, and
seventy-five miles,) calculations made, and a full-
blown official plat made and approved by said sur-
veyor general, and filed in Marysvilie land office on
the second day thereafter. The settlers say there
was very little surveying done. This is the way the
Government is swindled."
Mr. Speaker, this literal limning of these
mercenaries, who have so signally cheated pub-
lic justice out of her dues, ought to go to the
public on the wings of the wind. They shall at
least be pilloried by it in our legislative records.
The work of weeks "was done and reported
almost in the twinkling of an eye. Verily,
California is not only a land of u big trees,"
bat of—magnificent dealers in real estate!
But I am not done with these distinguished
and enterprising gentlemen. I now proceed
to prove and to clinch the proof of these
high-handed and wholesale attempts at swind-
ling poor men out of their homes. I shall do
this by some of the many affidavits in my pos-
session, of actual settlers on the lands in said
townships, and lands contiguous thereto. And
first I give the following :
William Reynolds, being duly sworn upon his oath,
deposes and says that he is a native-born citizen of
tho United States, a single man, and forty-seven
years of age, and resides upon scction nineteen, town-
ship seventeen north,range one west, Mount Diablo
meridian; which land he has purchased from the
United States Government, and upon which land he
has lived continuously since the year 1852, making it
his home; that he has improved and cultivated
about two hundred andfifty acres of the land he owns,
and has put improvements on the same which have
cost him at least $15,000; that when he first settled
in said township seventeen he brought five hundred
head of horned cattle, tho greater portion of which
were cows; that for eight or ten years after his first
settlement ho raised on an average, each year, three
hundred head of calves, all of which stock, with its
increase, he pastured on the prairie lands in the
eastern three fourths of said township seventeen,
year after year, summer and winter, and has left
them all the time, with the exception of such
times as very heavy freshets would occur in the
Sacramento river and overflow the greater portion
of the Galley, the water remain in# from three to ten
days,when itwouldrun down,and stock could again
pasture upon the prairies, which for many years
after his first settlement were covered with an im-
mense growth of wild clover and oats two or three
feet high, and that he could at any time have cut
one thousand tons or five thousand tons of hay, had
it been needed, and this was the case with the whole
prairie country from Colusa, where he first struck the
prairie country, to Chico, which scope of country he#
frequently rode over. I>eponent further says that'
ho has been perfectly familiar with all the prairie
lurid in both townshipsseventeen and eighteen north,
range one west, and has been for the last eighteen
years, and knows of his own knowledge that tho best
crops of grain ever raised upon the prairie lands of
said township were after they bad been overflowed
by one of the heavy freshets which have occurred
every few years, and that without such overflow no
dependence can be put upon raising a good crop of
grain. And deponent further says that the heavy
freshets in the Sacramento river always occur during
the winter months, and that never since his knowl-
edge of the country has there been a year that a crop
of grain could not have been put in on the prairie
lands in the above-named townships in plenty of
time to secure full crops, so far as any overflow was
concerned; that when freshets have occurred the
water has always subsided in plenty of time for
putting in grain and that seasons when the very
highest floods have swept over these prairie lands
have been the seasons when the largest crops of
grain have been raised; that if two seasons in suc-
cession occur without these lands being overflowed,
there is no hope of getting a crop ot grain. And
this deponent says that, from his intimate knowl-
edge of the prairie lands in townships seventeen,
eighteen, and nineteen, there is no land that can
be rated as swamp and overflowed, unless the fol-
lowing exceptions, to wit: in the southeast cor-
ner ot township seventeen there is, perhaps, fifteen
acres that is cut. up with sloughs, up which sloughs
the water backs from Butte creek, and stands in the
sloughs until about midsummer, when they become
dry. And in township nineteen another slough
occurs, where there has been standing water in
holes through the entire year. And this deponent
further says that a portion of the land on his ranch
was returned as swamp and overflowed land which
has not, during his residence in the country, and
during all the heavy freshets which have occurred
in the Sacramento river, ever been overflowed at all.
And this deponent further says that four years ago,
when General John Bidwell was a member of Con-
gress. and who, as this deponent understands, made
an effort to get Congress to afford its aid in con-
structing an irrigating ditch or canal from some
point high up on tho Sacramento river for the pur-
pose of irrigating the Sacramento valley lands, one
L. F. Moulton, who has claimed, with others, a
large portion of the prairie lands in the eastern half
of townships seventeen and eighteen, as swamp and
overflowed lands, in a conversation with said depo-
nent expressed himself as very much gratified that
such a move had been made, for^the reason that the
valley lands in said town&hips were very much \n
need of some system of irrigation which could be
depended upon, in order to secure good crops on
said prairie lands, both of grain and grass. And this
deponent further says that the said L. F. Moulton
was in favor of turning in Butte creek somewhere
near Real's grant, and bringing it down through
townships nineteen, eighteen, and seventeen, for
irrigating purposes generally, and especially that
it would enable the settlers to succeed in raising
fruit trees and vegetables, the ground being too dry
to secure a successful growth without. And this
deponent further says that the first winter after his
settlement in the country, and during a high flood
of the Sacramento river, a number of his cattle were
grazing on lands which are now held by said L. F,
Moulton, constituting his ranch, upon which he now
resides, and which at that time was under water,
and in such a state that he was obliged, and did,
with the assistance of two of his neighbors, Messrs.
Bunker and Golding, construct temporary bridges of
brush and poles m order to get his cattle out on the
high and dry land for safety from the flood, and that
such high and dry land was on some ot the prairie
lands now claimed by said Moulton and others as
swamp and overflowed, and which this deponent has
been informed has been listed to the State as swamp
and overflowed lands, such lands being part of sec-
tion thirty-four and section thirty-five, in township
eighteen north, range one west, a short distance east
of the preemption claim of Harry C. Nelson, the
said lands, from which ho was obliged to remove his
cattle in order to keep them from drowning, having
been returned as high and dry land by the United
States deputy surveyor, while the land to which he
moved them for safety was segregated as swamp and
overflowed, and sold by the State as such.
WILLIAM REYNOLDS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day
of December, 1870. j p HQpE
Justice of the Peace of Colusa county, California,
T. C. McVay, beibg duly sworn, upon his oath
deposes and says, that he is a native-born citizen of
the United States, a married man, and forty-eight
years of age, and nas resided in township eighteen
north, range one west, Mount Diablo meridian, for
sixteen years; that he is perlectly familiar with all
the lands m said township, and particularly with the
eastern half of the township, alarge portion of which
is claimed to be swamp and overflowed lands, which,
instead of being of that character, are as good grain
lands and as susceptible of cultivation as any land
in the Sacramento valley; and that during his ac-
quaintance of sixteen years with the lands in said
township, those claimed as swamp and overflowed
have been less subject to overflow from tho high
freshets which have occurred in the Sacramento river
about every four years since he first knew the lauds,
than his own lands and those of some of his neigh-
bors, the said lands claimed as swamp and overflowed
being most of them higher lands; and that during
tho great flood of 1862 they were not as much over-
flowed as his own ranch and some adjoining ranches:
and that since his first acquaintance with the town-
ship cattle and other stuck have pastured on tho
eastern hnlt of the same every winter except the
winter of 1864, which was so dry that there was but
little or no teed, and but a few stock ranged there;
that during the freshet of the winter of 1867, when
the overflovv was as high as any freshet that bad oc-
curred, cattle were pasturing on the lards claimed
as swamp and overflowed when his own ranch of
three hundred and twenty acres was entirely sub-
