1371.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41sx Cong....3d Sess.
Swamp-Land Swindles—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
anerged, with the exception of not more than two
acre?, and remained so lor about ten days. Deponent
further says that herds of sheep and other stock
feave pastured on the lands claimed to be swamp and
overflowed every winter for the last six or eight
years', to the number of several thousand head. That
jdown? could always be done on the east half of
aaid township eighteen whenever it could be done
on the we*t half, and could be done sooner in very
wet seasons, as the lands on the east half got dry
soouer, as it is mostly higher land.
T. C. McVAY.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day
of .December, A. D. 1870.
. J.P.HOPE,
Jtutice of the Peace of Colusa county,
Slate of California.
J. W. Padan, being duly sworn, upon his oath de-
poses and says -that he is a native-born citizen of the
United States, a married man, and forty-five years
of age: that he settled upon the northwest qua-rter
of section fourteen, township eighteen north, range
one west, Mount Diablo meridian, in the fail of 1867,
and upon which land he has resided for a greater
portion of the time; that his improvements consist of
a dwelling-house, chicken-house, and well twenty-
two feet deep, with a pump in it, and the grounds
about the house fenced in; that after taking upsaid
land he ascertained that it had been claimed by par-
ties as swamp and overflowed land, and was, there-
fofe, deterred from making any further improve-
ments until the question as to whether it was swamp
and overflowed was settled; that the land claimed
by him* is also claimed by others as swamp land;
but it is not of that character, but is as fine land for
agriculture and grain-growing as any land in the
valley; t&at he nas well known said land for five
years, and has often ridden over the township hunt-
ing stock, before ha settled upon said section four-
teen, and has never known any portion of the land
claimed to be swamp and overflowed, or any portion
■of it overflowed, except during the very high freshet
of the Sacramento river in the winter of 1857-68, and
then but tor a few days. That a greater part of the
«ast part of the township was not overflowed then;
while many of the most v aluable farms in the west-
ern half of the township were some ot them entirely
binder water for some twelve or fourteen days; that
he has recently been informed that the land has been
listed to the State as swamp and overflowed land.
And deponent further says that there has not been a
season since he first knew said east half of township
■eighteen north, range one west, but what good crops
of grain could be raised on any quarter section of it,
if there had been water sufficient for irrigating it.
J. W. PADAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day
of December, A. D. 1870.
J. P. HOPE,
Justice of the Peace of C-lusa county,
State of California.
Mr. Speaker, these specimen proofs could
readily be multiplied: but it is not necessary.
They are sufficient to brand these men as
deliberately combining for the purpose of
robbing honest settlers and their families of
the hard-earned homes on which they are liv-
ing in peace and bravely fighting the battle
of life, while doing their part in adding to the
nation's wealth, if those writers are correct
who pronounce the act of robbing another of
his home as a wrong only less than that of
taking his life, it will be easy to find the true
place of these men in the forum of morals or
on the calendar of crimo. i leave them to the
judgment of the people.
i pass now to auoiher class of lands, situate
in the Sierra valley. These lands have already
been alluded to, being mountain lands; aud,
strangely enough, while actually claimed as
"swamp ami overflowed," a large proportion ot
them can only be rendered valuable for agri-
culture or grazing by irrigation. The swamp-
land claimants, 1 suppose, intend to reclaim
them by turning the water on them as too dry
in their natural condition for tillage. When
will wonders cease under the swamp land act
of 18-50, as administered in California ? i learn
from the Delta, of February 23, published in
Tulare couuty, that this novel and perfectly
original definition of swampland, which makes
it toodry instead of'too wet for tillage, is about
to be accepted as to the lands extending from
the San Joaquin to Kern Island, and that, the
reclamation of the lands by irrigation is un-
derstood to have the sanction of an engineer.
I quote the following:
" In 1862 the State of California granted, to ft cer-
41sx Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 19.
tain company the alternate sections of all theswamp
hind extending from the San Joaquin to Kern Island,
on condi ion that a navigable canal should be cut
through the same, large enough and drawingasuffi-
cient depth of water to allow of the passage of boats
of eighty tons burden. These gentlemen got their
title under the hypothesis, we presume, that the
land was all reclaimed. There was no canal con-
structed, except for a short distance, even large
enough to fioa't a duck. Now we understand that
some of these same parties are attempting to lay
claim to the remaining alternate sections under the
swamp land law of the State, upon the plea that
they are too dry, and that they canonly be reclaimed
by turning the water back on them again. An en-
gineer is said to have reported them as susceptible
of this * one mode' of reclamation."
The facts to which I am about to refer must
have occurred under this new swamp land
gospel. At any rate, I ask attention to the fol-
lowing affidavits respecting dry swamp and
overflowed lands in the mountains, occupied
for years past by bona fide settlers, who are
being driven from their homes by the hungry
and rapacious horde whose kindred operations
in other parts of the State I have already
noticed:
Hiram Lewis, being duly sworil, upon his oath, de-
poses and says: I am a native-born citizen of the
United States, a married man, forty-nine years of
age, and have resided in Sierra valley since Sep-
tember, 1862, and on my present ranch since the
spring of 1863. Iam well acquainted with all parts
of the valley, and have had occasion to travel over it
frequently with my teams atall seasons of the year,
but have had no difficulty in sodoing on account of
high water. I am aware that very much of the land
in the valley has been claimed to be swamp and
overflowed, but I know the fact that on ranches
where such claim has been made, it has been neces-
sary to throw dams across creeks and sloughs in or-
der to overflow such land in order to secure a good
crop of hay. The principal business of most of the
settlers in this valley has been Ftock-raisiog and
dairying; and in order to provide for the winter
keep of stock it is necessary to cut a large quantity
of hay, which is cut every season, so tar as my
knowledge extends, with mowing machines. My
own ranch is entirely inclosed with post-and-board
and rail fence, aud one hundred acres are cultivated
in grain. The improvements on my place have cost
me over two thousand dollars in gold coin.
H. LEWIS.
Subscribed and sworn to this 1st day of November,
1870.
[l. s.]
WILLIAM CAIN.
Notary Public.
State of California, County of Plumas, ss:
George Fletcher, being duly sworn, deposes and
says that he is a naturalized citizen of the United
States; an unmarried man, of the age of thirty-seven
years; has been a resident of Sierra valley since
1864 permanently, and has been settled on the north-
east quarter, section thirty, township twenty-two
north, range fifteen east. Mount Diablo meridian,
since July 15,1865; that for eight years previously
he was engaged in mining and packing, and every
summer during that time he came to Sierra valley,
generally in the month of June, and cut and put up
hay; that his entire claim consists of meadow land,
and is claimed by the State of California as swamp
and oveiflowed land; that all the hay he has been
enabled to cut on his land the present year, on ac-
count of the drought, including his whole quarter
section, does not exceed sixty tons; that if he could
have irrigated it properly he could have cut one
hundred and eighty tons on the same land ; that it
is only during seasons following a severe and wet
winter and spring, when hea\y snows fall during
winter, and going off with heavy rains in the spring,
that full crops of hay can be harvested on his own
and the meadow lands of adjoining ranches, and
since his permanent settlement in 1864 onlyonesuch
favorable season has occurred; that his object in
settling on said ranch was for the purpose of engaging
in the dairy business; that he will be unable to
carry it on successfully unless he can succeed in irri-
gatinghis land by artificial means; that he and the
owners of the neighboring ranches intend bringing
the water by the construction of ditches from large
springs near the foot-hiils bordering the valley for
the irrigation of their meadow lands. Deponent fur-
ther says that he has to drive his young stock two and
a half miles tosome springs to find the nearest water;
that he has a few cows on his ranch which he waters
from a well dug near his house; that during the sum-
mer of 1869, from 1st of August till 15th of October, he
was compelled to drive his stock from three and a half
to four and a half miles in order to find water for
them; that in said summer of 1869 he had a flock of
tsnne ducks, but that there was no water on his land
that they could get to except what he drew lrom his
well; that he has never even seen afrogon his ranch;
that his improvement consists of a house, barns, cat-
tle-shed, and fencing to the extent of two miles; that
said improvements have cost him $1,300 m gold com
and over; that he is desirous of making more im-
provements On his land, but does cot wish to do so
until he is able to ascertain whether theGovernmenfc
of the United States can give him a title to his land
under the preemption laws, under which he has made
his settlement; that he knows it to be a fact, from
frequent conversation with his neighbors, that they
feel that it is useless to go to any further expense in
making improvements on their lauds until theyare
assured that they can obtain a title from the Govern-
ment to the same, under the preemption laws under
which their settlements have been made, inasmuch
asmoreor less of their land has been claimed by the
State of California as swamp and overflowed, which
claims have greatlv retarded the growth and pros-
perity; of the said Sierra valley, and paralyzed' ih«
energies of the settlers.
_ g. c. fletche&
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of
November, A. D. 1870.
[L.S.] WILLIAM CAIN,
Richard Moody, being duly sworn, upon his oath
deposes and says: I am a naturalized citizen of the
United States, an unmarried man, and forty-two
yearsof age, and have resided in Sierra valley since
the year 1863, and upon the southeast quarter of sec-
tion thirty, township twenty-two north, range fifteen
east. Mount Diablo meridian, for over one year last
past. Said land has been claimed by theStateof
California as swamp and overflowed land, but it is
not of that character in the proper acceptation of
the term. In thespringof the year, when the snows
melt upon the surrounding mountains and the rains
fall, much of the meadow lands for a short time are
submerged. But after the snows have melted and
the rains cease, the waters rapidly recede and dry
up. and lands used for grain-growingcan be plowed,
and upon the meadow lands it is a benefit to have
the water stand, as it insures a good crop of hay;
and notwithstanding the spring overflow of these
meadow lands, very many of them require irrigation
for that purpose. I am well acquainted with the
whole valley, have traveled over it in all direc-
tions, and can safely affirm that there are not fifteen
hundred acres of swamp land Jin the valley, and
no overflowed land except from the causes be-
fore stated. As early in the season as July last I
was compelled to drive my stock a half a mile for
water, which comes from an irrigating ditch higher
up the valley. There was no time during the past
winter but what I could drive my horses and wagon,
with a thousand pounds weight, in it, over any part
of my ranch without the least difficulty, although on
my meadow land the water was four or five inches
deep, and which had all dried up in sloughs, and all
by the 1st of June. 1 cut my hay about the middle
of July, eighty tons, using a mowing-machine for
that purpose, the ground then bein% perfectly hard
and dry, and I had to draw water from the well at
my house to water the teams used on the mower.
My improvements on my preemption consist of a
dwelling-house fourteen by sixteen, with kitchen,
sleeping-room,and milk-house attached; two barns,
one twenty by forty and the other twenty-six by
eighty, both frame barns, now filled with hay, besides
cattle sheds, wagon shed, and hog-pen. There are
ten acres fenced in with a good post and board fence,
and Ihave now eight hundred posts ready to inclose
more of my land when I can perfect the title to the
same, which I am now prevented from doing on ac-
count of the swamp claims made by the State.
RICHARD MOODY.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day
of October, 1870.
[l. s.J WILLIAM CAIN,
Notary Public Sierra county, California.
George Wood, deputy assessor of Sierra county,
being duly sworn, deposes and says that he has re-
sided in Sierra valley during the last six years; also
that from 1850 to 1862 he frequently herded mules on
the land, or in the vicinity of the land, in townships
twenty-one, twenty-two, and twenty-three north,
ranges fourteen, fifteen, and &ixteen east, now
claimed by the State of California as swampt and
overflowed lands; also that he is well acquainted
with the character of all the lands in Sierra valley,
having within the last two years frequently surveyed
portions of the so-called "swamp and overflowed
lands;" that he thinks it would be impossible to
segregate even forty acres as swamp and overflowed,
for the following reasons: first, that on the land
claimed farmers can and do frequently raise crops
of grain, but that hay being more profitable, the
owners choose to cut hay either for sale or to feed
stock in winter; second, that timothy and other
tame grasses are being successfully cultivated on
said lands; third, that the only ditches on said lands
are for the purpose? of irrigation, and if said land
was not irrigated in summer the crop of bay would
be short; fourth, that in these elevated valleys the
breeding of stock and the making of butter and
cheese are more profitable than any other branches of
farming; fifth, that whatever portion is at any time
overflowed is caused from the sudden melting of
snows on the mountains in spring, and from the
farmers themselves placing dams and obstructions
in the creeks to cause such overflow for irrigation ;
sixth, that nearly the whole of said lands have been
preempted, and farmers have good houses, barns,
out-buildings, and fences upon the land; seventh,
that most ot the farmers have resided with their fami-
lies on said lands for from four to twelve years, never
even imagining that the land could be called swamp
