296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Senate.
Bureau of Education—Mr. Casserly.
41st Cong....3d Sebs,
my colleague, [Mr. Cole,] who has this bill
in ehsrge, how much that appropriation is
increased from the appropriation made at the
la-it. session ■, and, if it is increased, upon what
grounds it has been increased ?
Mr. COLE. About twelve thousand dollars,
I believe, beyond what it was last year, if my
recollection serves me.
Mr. CASSERLY. About twelve thousand
dollars, my colleague says. In other words,
the appropriation is nearly double what it was
last year. I ask my colleague upon what
grounds he justifies that great increase?
Mr. COLE. My colleague may not com-
prehend the grounds for increasing the edu-
cational interests of the country, but almost
everybody else will. I think it is one of the
leading interests of our Republic.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, my ques-
tion was one which I had a right, as a Senator,
to ask of my colleague and to have answered
by him. I do not know that my colleague will
ever cut so great a figure in the world as any
of the distinguished men who in other lands
to-day are financial leaders in their own legis-
latures. He will hardly surpass the fame of
the British prime minister. Yet if the hum-
blest member of the House of Commons, even
some unknown country squire from the back
benches, were to put to Mr. Gladstone the
question which I just now put to my colleague,
he would receive from him a reply not only
clear and full, but civil. If my colleague was
unable to answer me clearly and fully, he
might at least have answered me civilly. He
should not have met a proper inquiry with
what was either a rude retort or a sorry joke.
Sir, it is a bold thing in any Senator occupy-
ing even by accident, as my colleague does, in
the absence of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Mouttti.L,] the posit ion of chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to attempt such
a slight upon any Senator, in reply to a proper
inquiry as to the causes of an increased appro-
priation, wholly unexplained ; an inquiry which
is not only of course here, but is of common
right.
The Senator from California supposes that
I may not comprehend, as he says, "the
grounds for increasing the educational inter-
ests of the country, but that almost everybody
else will."
Let me tell the Senator that I think I com-
prehend, as well at least as he does,'' the educa-
tional interests of the country " and what educa-
tion is in the United States. I do not conceal
from myself my own deficiencies in those im-
portant matters. Yet in regard of my own
educational training or practical experience
of the education of others I do not know that
I should shrink from a comparison with my
colleague. Indeed, from my acquaintance
with him, I must, be permitted to doubt his
competency to judge as to the educational in-
terests of the country, much less to sneer at
my capacity to comprehend them.
Mr. COLE. If my colleague will allow me,
I will refer those questions to him ; he is com-
petent unquestionably.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not at all accept
my colleague's reference of the question to me.
That is not the issue between us. I asked my
colleague, who is by an accident the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, a simple
and a civil question. I asked him on what
grounds the appropriation for the Bureau of
Education has been almost doubled. As his
only reply, my colleague intimated that I was
not able to comprehend the needs of educa-
tion in this country. I do not thinfe he is a
judge.^ Some men are a living illustration
how little education can do for them under
any circumstances. It is precisely such men
who are most ready to impute to others an
incapacity to understand the subject of edu-
cation.
So much for that matter, so far as my col-
league is concerned.
It is quite obvious that something more than
a desire to have a fling at my expense prompted
the retort attempted by my colleague before
the Senate and the country. My colleague had
no good reasons to give for the increased ap-
propriation forthe Bureau of Education; hence
the attempt to turn the matter off on a side
issue. On the 2d of March, 1867, the act was
passed by which this Bureau of Education was
created. The object of the bureau, its powers
and their limitation, were settled in that act.
The first section is:
"That there shall be established, at the city of
Washington, a Department of Education, for the
purpose of colleetingsuchstatistics andfacts as shall
show the condition and progress of education in the
several States and Territories, and of diffusing such
information respecting the organization and man-
agement of schools ana school systems, and methods
ot teaching, as shall aid the people of the United
States in the establishment and maintenance of effi-
cient school systems, and otherwise promote the
cause of education throughout the country."
Such were the purpose and the powers of
the bureau as then fixed by law. No change
has since been made in those respects. At
that time the officers of the bureau were, first,
a Commissioner of Education ; second, one
chief clerk of the department; another clerk
with a smaller salary ; and a third clerk with
a still smaller salary. In other words, there
was one Commissioner, and three clerks.
In the following year, 1808, on the 20th of
July, another act was passed, affecting the
bureau. It was in the outset of a very import-
ant presidential election. There was, of course,
great need for an exhibition of economy. By
the act then passed the Department of Educa-
tion as such was abolished. Instead of a high-
sounding "Bureau of Education," there was
substituted a modest. "Office of Education."
By the terms of the act, there was—
" Established and attached to the Dep.irtment, of
tho Interior an office to be denominated the Office
of Kducation, the chief officer of which shall be the
CommissionerofEducation, atasaiary of$3,000, who
shall, under tho direction of tho Secretary of the
Interior, discharge all such duties, and superintend,
execute, and perform all such acts and things touch-
ing and respecting the said Office of Education as are
devolved by law upon said Commissioner of Educa-
tion."
There, we see, was a reduction of the salary.
The next legislation necessary to be men-
tioned is in the appropriation bill of the last
session of Congress. In that bill the " bu-
reau" once more appears in place of the
"office." At page 211 of the printed vol-
ume of the statutes for 1869-70 I find under
the head of " Bureau of Education" a provis-
ion for a Commissioner of Education; for three
clerks, at different salaries, from $1,400 up to
$1,800 each; a messenger at $840; and then
for general expenses, "stationery, $600;
library, $1,000; collecting statistics and writ-
ing and compiling matter for annual and spe-
cial reports, $3,000; contingencies, $1,260;
in all, $14,500."
Here we see how rapidly these official estab-
lishments grow. The attempt, or the show of
an attempt, in 1868, during the presidential eon-
test, to reduce the expenditures of the "Office
of Education," was much more than made up
for by the legislation for the " bureau " in the
appropriation bill of 1870. We find there a
Commissioner of Education, with a staff of
three clerks and a messenger, and also, it will
be observed, an appropriation of $3,000 for
"collecting statistics and writing and com-
piling matter for annual and special reports."
Of course that means more clerks. So that
what began as a bureau with a Commissioner
and two clerks in 1867, and was cut down next
year, in 1868, to a mere office in the Depart-
ment of the Interior with a single Commis-
sioner,^ subject, however, to certain powers
vested in the Secretary of the Interior—looms
up again in 1870 into a bureau with a Com-
missioner, with three clerks and a messenger,
and with an appropriation of $3,000 for other
clerks and agents to collect statistics and to
do writing and compile matter for annual and
special reports. That was the growth of the
institution in June or July of last year.
Now, in 1871,atthepresentsession, scarcely
eight months having passed, we have increased
provisions. We have a -Commissioner,, three
clerks, a fourth clerk as translator, and a mes-
senger ; besidesan appropriation "forcollect-
ing statistics a d writing and compiling matter
for annual and special reports and editing and
publishing circulars of information, $10.000."
Mr. SAWYER. That should be $13,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. I thank the Senatorfrom
South Carolina for his correction—$13,000.
That shows, of course, besides the four clerks
and the Commissioner an addition of another
clerk to the increased staff of last year. Be-
sides all this there is an appropriation of
$13,000 for more clerks and agents.
What is the necessity, what is the excuse
for the growih of this bureau and for the greaE
increase in its expenditure? Has any excuse
been given? Can any be given? None has
been attempted. I am sure if the attempt
has not been made it was because it would
have resulted in failure. The objects of the
bureau, as defined by law, are plain enough.
They are simply to collect—
"Statistics and facts bearing upon the subject of
education, its condition and progress in the several
States and Territories of tho Union, and in addition
to diffuse such information respecting the organiza-
tion and management of schools and schoot systems
and methods of education as shall aid the people of
the United States in the establishment and main-
tenance of efficient school systems, and otherwise
promote the eause of education throughout tlie coun-
try."
In addition, for I desire to lay the whole
case before the Senate precisely as I have it
before me, the Commissioner of Education is
required, as other officers are, to present, ar 
annual report to Congress. Now, what should
that report contain? In the words of the law
it should contain " the results of his investiga-
tions and labors, together with a statement of
such facts and recommendations as will, iti
his judgment, subserve the purpose for which
this department is established." There is also
a provision as to the first report under the act.
Of course that is not material to the present
discussion. That report has been made. I have
stated what the Commissioner is required to
do and what is the extent of his duties under
the limitations upon them. His duty is to
collect such statistics and facts as shall show
the condition and progress of education in the
United States, and upon the basis of those
statistics and facts to impart information to the
people of the different States which shall aid
them in regard to their school systems. Under
the law, therefore, it is a mere question of
collecting the accessible statistics and facts
as to the school systems of the country and
imparting them in well digested convenient
form to Congress and the people.
Now, in order to understand what this means,
we have only to consider what is the exist-
ing condition of things as to the common-
school education of the United States. We
know that in nearly every State of this Union
there isaschool system more or less extensive ;
in some States very extensive and thorough, in
others less so. In every State with but a few
exceptions, however, there are public officers
charged with the superintendence of the State
school system, who have in their hands all the
official information regarding it. The plain
duty of this Commissioner was to place him-
self in communication with these school officers
in each State, and out of their published reports,
and such returns as they might see fit volun-
tarily to make to him, to make up in a com-
pendious, intelligent form his report to Con-
gress.
