298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Senate.
Bureau of Education—Mr. Gasserly.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Carolina chooses to vilify his constituents, that
is a matter of taste as well as of propriety,
to be settled between him and them. After
having said that I thought it was inconceivable
that there could be such stupidity as to hold
that ignorance made a better workman, the
constituents of the Senator ought to be grateful
to him for saying there is a very large propor-
tion of that kind of stupidity among them. I
repeat, if there are such people, can you do
anything with them with your books, or your
Commissioner, or your statistics? Why, sir,
the density of intellect which leads a man to
such a conclusion would make him laugh at
your statistics and your facts were they a thou-
sand times more accurate, judicious, and con-
vincing than those contained in this book. So
far from that, could I take the time of the Sen-
ate to go through with the questions and the
answers here, the Senate would see, as I have
seen, how trite and indeed empty so many of
the questions, and, of course, the answers, are.
There is also, Mr. President, a head of
" medical, dental, and pharmaceutical institu-
tions." I can imagine no ground on which
" medical, dental, and pharmaceutical institu-
tions " are made to figure in this report ex-
cept that, the children attending the common
schools are of that age that they often require
the dentist and the apothecary. That is the
only relation I can see between " dental and
pharmaceutical institutions" and the common
schools of the United States. But, sir, as the
youngsters require trousers and shoes as well,
and hats likewise, it seems to me there ought
to have been a chapter devoted to the hatters,
to the tailors, and to the shoemakers of the
country.
• [At this point the honorable Senator gave
way to a motion to adjourn, which prevailed.]
Tuesday, February 21, 1871.
Tho Senate resumed the consideration of thesamo
subject.
Mr. CASSE11LY. Yesterday, Mr. Presi-
dent., 1 endeavored to show from a rapid ex-
amination of the report of the Commissioner
how little in accordance it was with the law
under which the bureau was created and under
which the report is sent to us, or indeed with
any just idea of his duties. I pointed out what
a mass of incongruous matter the report con-
tained. I showed how little had been done in
the way of digesting into a compendious and
intelligent whole even the facts and statistics
with which by law he was authorized to deal.
I refer to the facts and statistics respecting the
condition of education in the schools of the
United States and the organization and the
management of the common-school systems
of the States and the Territories.
The fundamental error of the whole business
is found in a complete misconception by .this
■ officer of his duties and his powers. That mis-
conceptionia stated so distinctly and so frankly
in his own report, that 1 shall refer to it now
at the threshold in resuming my remarks. He
tells us upon page 0—lam particularto-day, as
I was yesterday, in giving the page of every
reference which I make to the report—that he
instituted a certain course of investigation.
Now, I read his own words, describing that
course:
"Sometimes involving the discussion of theories,
and the classification and comparison of facts, scat-
tered through all the various countries, and running
hack to the earliest observations respecting the train-
ing and culture oi the young."
Ssnators see at a glance how far back into
the past the Commissioner considers his func-
tions to extend. He would carry us back to
the earliest historical data on the training and
culture of the young. He would take us back,
therefore, to what we learn in history as to the
system of education of the ancient Persians.
It was a brief and simple system ; and yet it
would seem extremely effective. It was limited
to riding, shooting with the bow, and speaking
the truth. It was a moral culture rather than
an intellectual one, the latter class of culture
being confined as a rule to the priests in those
days. Starting from that early time, the Com-
missioner, it would seem, proposes to come
down by easy stages to the present day, passing
of course in review the educational systems of
the Greeks and the Eomans, and of the races
that succeeded them in leading the civilization
of the world, until finally he lauds us at our
own doors.
Not only do the Commissioner's functions,
as he seems to think, embrace all the past, but
they embrace all the present and practically
all the future of mankind. "No pent-up
Utica contracts his powers." The whole
human race is his to inquire into, to compile
statistics for, to make " reports " about, not
only in regard to education in any sense in
which it has ever been understood, but to
everything which respects advancement or
falling back in civilization. Am I stating his
position too strongly? I have read what he
says as to his course of inquiry into all the
past. Now let us see what he says as to his
functions and duties with regard to the present
and the future. First, he says upon page 9
that the ideas in regard to his office are entirely
too limited. That is a prevailing sentiment,
I think, with officials everywhere, and this
officer is no exception. To magnify his office
by all practicable, and sometimes by all im-
practicable means, to extend his jurisdiction
by or against any possible construction, seems
to be the irresistible tendency of the modern
officeholder under the present political dis-
pensation. He says that he would, if pos-
sible—
" By every statoment and allusion aid in correcting
the too prevalont erroneous ideas in regard to edu-
cation."
Understand he is speaking of education as
he has to deal with it in his office. He says:
" Why should it be limited to what is done in tho
school-room or to tho curriculum of the college, or
of the professional and industrial schools ?"
Why, indeed, should it be limited? Why
should the Commissioner of Education, estab-
lished and authorized by the United States to
examine into the school systems of this country,
be limited to any kind, degree, or purpose of
education anywhere, either in the common
schools, or in academies, or in high schools, or
in colleges, or in scientific schools, or in pro-
fessional schools, or in schools of the mechan-
ical arts?
Again he says:
"Why should not every parent feel that the edu-
cation of man hero begins with the cradle, and every
citizen carry about with him the conviction that it
ends only with the grave, and shape American edu-
cation so as to comprehend those limits in every life,
and enable it to reach the highest possible attain-
ments?"
The duty, therefore, of this bureau and of
this officer is to report upon the progress of man
from the cradle to the grave, in every devel-
opment of human progress and in every stage
ot't.he exercise of human intellect.
He says so in words in another sentence on
the same page:
" AVhat is so generally termed education, that
work limited to elementary, secondary, and supe-
lior instruction, will present a harmony excelled
only by that of tho spheres; each study, the lan-
guages, .ancient and modern, and the sciences, and
arts and industries, will have its place, and all these
will be supplemented by the work of the home, tho
press, the pulpit, tile forum, tho workshop"—
I call the attention of Senators now to what
is coming—
" the making, the administration, and adjudication
of laws, presenting a structure of society penetrated
by principles illustrating correctly the relation of
the human and the divine; a structure which,
wherever it touches human life, restrains all its ten-
dencies to vice,crime, and degradation, andinspircs
it to etforts of intelligence and virtue..'
Manifestly, according to the theory of this
officer, wc are to have a complete curriculum
for congressional education. I do not say sucn
a thing would be inadmissible. I trust none
of us is vain enough to suppose that he has
exhausted all the learning and all the prepar-
ation necessary for the high and difficult trust
laid upon us here. The question is, however,
first, what is practicable, and in the next pffice,
what is authorized under the law. The Com-
missioner goes immediately on to say:
" A report on American education based on this
idea"—
which I have just read to you—
"though only what should have been begun at
the organization of the nation and grown with its
growth, and by its annual issues inspired the im-
Erovement of every human condition in the land,
aving been so long neglected, when first suggested
to many educators naturally would not be under-
stood, and would be compelled to wait somewhat
for universal cooperation."
I should think "it would be compelled to
wait somewhat for universal cooperation."
Nothing short of "universal cooperation"
would suffice to master .^Lmerican education in
the length and breadth assigned to the subject
by himself. I say this because from the begin-
ning of authentic history the human race has
been universally engaged in some sort of coop-
eration, more or less complete, in dealing with
this boundless and various mass of subjects
which this officer supposes to be within his
functions as Commissioner of Education.
"Accordingly"—
he says with the most amusing simplicity—
"some time elapsed before the inquiries of the
bureau began to receive from every quarter the an-
swers desired. Tho last two months, uowevcr, have
brought together far more material than the/work-
ing force of the office could handle satisfactorily. A
somewhat careful count and estimate of the difiercnt
persons who havo contributed material by corre-
spondence, orsending pamphlets, placesthe number
above four thousand."
So I should think. The number of four
thousand is by no means extravagant, con-
sidering that the Commissioner's theory em-
braces the whole circle of the arts and sciences,
of literature and arms, of human knowledge and
human effort; indeed, of everything that has
ever interested or can interest the human race
in any period of its history or in any stage of
its development. Among his many official
documents he finds the school report of the
State of Massachusetts. His criticism on it
illustrates the vice of his theory so thoroughly
that I will trouble the Senate to hear it. It is
very short. He says, on page 11:
"Taking the Massachusetts report as an illustra-
tion, it is very volu minous and full of interest, both
in its account of the origin and history of tho public
schools and in its minute picture of their operations
at the present day, with extracts from the local, dis-
trict, and town reports, showing how wide-spread is
the active interest felt in the public schools by tho
citizcns. Still there remains the fact that a stranger,
looking to this report for his knowledge of the posi-
tion ot Massachusetts in tho educational world can
ascertain almost nothing with regard to any insti-
tution of higher learning in the State, such as Cam-
bridge, Amheist, Williams, and Tufts. Her tech-
nical and professional schools are all ignored. The
statistics of the incorporated academies arc now
included."
I suppose that should be " are not included."
"Neither in that report can any correct idea be
obtained of the marvelous work done in the State
by her various institutions established for the ben-
efit of those suffering trom the several physical,
mental, and moral abnormal conditions ot her sons
and daughters, her schools for idiots, fur juvenilo
offenders, for deaf and dumb and blind, and her
asylums for the insane."
In other words, the Massachusetts report
was what it should have been. It contained
precisely what was pertinent and proper. It
confined itself to the subject with which it had
to deal, a subject great enough to content any
man, however eminent his abilities. But be-
cause it did not deal with subjects foreign to
it, some of them extremely incongruous, and
all of them tending to widen the field of
inquiry and observation so as to make it im-
practicable, it falls under the criticism of the
Commissioner. With the greatest considera-
