300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Senate.
Bureau of Education—Mr. Casserly.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
teachers we had in Ashland, wo answered, much
like those in other places. We have the good, bad,
and indifferent."—Ashland.
Mr. President, what a rare place Ashland
must be! It must be a place unlike any other
yet heard of in the experience of men. Pause
bere, just a moment, to wonder^ It is a place
where the kind of teachers they have " are much
like tkose in other places." [Laughter.] They
"havethegood, bad,and indifferent." Happy
Ashland! [Laughter.] Remarkable and ex-
traordinary school district, where their teachers
are just like those in other places! Evidently
they are not of the race of men that do carry
their heads beneath their shoulders. We might
have thought, so but for the "voice from Ash-
land." [Laughter.]
The town of Charlestown says, under the
head of "good teachers: "
" The town has a fine appetite for good instruc-
tion."
We are not told whether the fine appetite of
the town is the result of hunger, or of a good
digestion, or of wholesome exercise in the
fields of education; we know only that the
town has a line appetite. [Laughter.J It
would have been satisfactory to us to know
whether this fine appetite had been satisfied.
The most sensible extract I have met is one
expressed in homely phrase, but as I desire
to do justice to these extracts I will quote it:
" Mechanical teaching.—Thore is truth in the re-
mitrk tliat wo are shut up in schools and colleges
and recitation-rooms ten or fifteen years, and come
out at lost with a of wind, a memory of words,
and do not lenovv a tiling."—Newton.
Yes; it is just this attempt to cram tTie
whole circle of human sciences into the poor
head of one little boy or girl that results, after
any amount of time and effort, in just such
accomplishments as this extract describes.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow me t,r  ask him a question?
Mr. CASSRRLY. I yield for a question.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask him if he
has at last found one of those extracts which
he admits is true and is a wise saying?
Mr. CASSERLY. It illustrates so perfectly
the character of the book and the character and
Style of the education which this book would
promote in the United States that I felt bound
to read it on that ground also.
Mr, SAWYER. Exceptio probat rcgulam /
Mr, CASSKKLY. The rule is that the
extracts are truisms or puerile. The excep-
tion is the one sensible extract I have just
quoted.
Then little Nantucket, out in the «cean,
comes in with her wise saying. Little Nan-
tucket tells us, under the head of " thorough-
ness:"
"Wo fully coincide with the remark of Hon.
Horace Maim, 'thoroughness is the secret of
feuccchs.'7
It is downright good in Nantucket that she
coincides with Horace Mann, and that there
is no difference of opinion between that great
authority on the subject of schools and Nan-
tucket on a proposition so recondite and so
much debated, that "thoroughness is the secret
ofsuccess." [Laughter.]
Now, sir, here comes something on " clean-
liness," and this will be the last of these ex-
tracts from the Massachusetts school district
reports:
"In district No. 6 while the board was in use"—
I suppose that is the blackboard—
"at the suggestion of the committee, the problem
suggested iticif how to clean it, when it was dis-
covered that a boy's cap made an excellent
wiper."—Avht-urnham.
You see what a difficult problem that must
have been and how it must have engaged the
combined intellectual efforts-of the committee.
[Laughter.]
- "The committee do not divulge this discovery for
Hie purpose of recommending it."
Observe the guarded manner in which that
is presented:
"The committee do not divulge this discovery for
the purpose of recommending it."
[Laughter.]
The committee shrink from recommending
the use of a boy's cap as a wiper for the black-
board in all cases. [Laughter.] A Senator
in front of me suggests that perhaps the boy
belonged to the committee. If the committee
was all of boys it could not have written any-
thing more boyish. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] suggests to me
that there is a great deal of the ad captandum
in the. extract. [Laughter.] I am not respons-
ible for the Senator's joke—it is all his own.
Like the committee, I "do not divulge the
joke for the purpose of recommending it."
[Laughter.]
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
complained of a libel on his State in this report.
I really do not see that the State of Delaware
has suffered much more in this report than
Massachusetts has suffered from the compila-
tion of extracts from her district reports.
That portion in reference to the common
ischools of New York (pages 227 to 248) illus-
trates iu another point of view the mere book-
making, of which this report is a conspicu-
ous example. There are twenty-one pages, of
which the greater part is mere matter of de-
tail, of no special interest outside of the places
mentioned. Eight pages of the twenty-one
are made up of a list of the school officers of
the State, of no interest whatever outside of
that State, and which anybody who chooses
can procure by writing for it; and a great mass
of statistical details, by counties, towns, and
cities, for the year ending September 30, 1869.
As I stated, these figures are in very great
detail, proper enough in that State as affording
information to the authorities of New York
and its people. But I ask, what earthly use,
interest, or value, in any point of view, have
they to anybody outside of that State? Is it
important, to anybody to know whether the
town of Johnstown or of Athens pays more
or less for the education of its children or has
more or fewer children as compared with each
other? Such facts are useful to be fiublished
there for the purpose of comparative local
information and of stimulating the towns that
are behind to exertions which will enable them
to attain the front rank of common school effi-
ciency. They are useless elsewhere.
I wish to give one more specimen of the
book-making of this report. Under the head
of " California," page 93, more than a page
and a half of close type is given to the ques-
tion of "the coeducation of the sexes." By
this pompous title I suppose is meant the edu-
cation of boys and girls in the same school.
That is an interesting subject, and an import-
ant one. There would be value in the direct,
compendious statements of any school officer,
either State or local, in California upon the
subject. But all that is needed by those out-
side of the State is the officer's results. So
far as concerns the making up of the report
here, this is eminently true. It would be
a desirable thing to know, for instance, what
Mr. John Swett, the State superintendent of
California, in his second biennial report, has to
state as to the practical results of the system
so far as he has tried it. That is what the
Commissioner should have given us, and all he
should have given us. He should have summed
up for us Mr. Swett's views.
Instead of that, we are treated to a long
extract from Mr. Swett's report. I do not
need to criticise the report as a report made
for the State of California, though it may be
open to criticism. I speak of it only as a part
of the report. There is a good deal of Mr.
Swett's early autobiography in it, and his
experience as a boy among the girls upon the
bleak hills in the frosty winters of his State in
New England. At much length he tells us how
lovely he found that kind of communion under
all circumstances. He says a great many
things that are quite pretty ot the girl a' " bright
eyes" and their " soft hair," the "sunlight
of their faces" and their " ringing laughter "
As Polonius says, "ringing laughter" "is
od." [Laughter.] It is certainly quite
novel. And how they brought "May flowers
and lilacs and peonies and pinks iu their
hands" when they came to school on a sum-
mer morning; how he loved all those nice
little girls in the " fullness of his boyish feel-
ings; " and how nobody ever thought in that
school among the boys that it was a sin to love
those beautiful little girls. I should think not.
I never heard of any code of morals or reli-
gion since the world began that laid down any
such rule, that it was a sin for little boys to
like pretty little girls. [Laughter.] He states
also, to quote his own language :
""We hauled the girls on sleds in the winter-time
and slid on the ice together, and none of us ever
thoughtof evil."
Prima facie I am disposed to agree with Mr.
Swett that hauling the girls on sleds to school
and sliding on the ice together need not neces-
sarily incline the thoughts of boys and girls to
evil. The question is, however, what has all
this to do with Mr. Swett's experience as the
State superintendent of California with regard
to boys and girls iu the same school-room ?
That is what we want.
Mr. LEWIS. Does the superintendentgive
the ages of the boys and girls ?
Mr. CASSERLY. He does not. He has
judiciously refrained from stating their ages,
though that is the one fact which is most im-
portant to know.
Mr. President, after a pretty thorough exam-
ination of two hundred and fifty-one pages, con-
taining these copies of State reports, 1 say that
with far greater usefulness and efficiency the
whole of these two hundred and fifty one pages
could have been condensed into fifty, at the
most seventy-five, of succinct, clear, business-
like statement of results.
While the report is stuffed with a mass of
irrelevant matter, many important subjects
are omitted. There is one such which might
well have been discussed for half a dozen
pages that could have been made of great
interest; and that is, how far the plan of county
and city superintendents is essential to the effi-
ciency of the school system. In the State of
New York the system of local superintendents
commenced, I believe, by John C. Spencer,
has been for years in full operation with the
best results. It has been adopted in many
other States with success. I say that was a
subject upon which it would have been very
useful to have in the report all the facts, all
the results of experience, compactly stated.
Ten pages of such matter would have been
infinitely more valuable than one half of the
contents of the book.
I shall hurry forward to a close. Upon a
suggestion of my friend, the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] I wish to state that
so much of this report as relates to the State
of New Jersey is simply a copy, verbatim,
of portions, or the whole, of the report of the
State superintendent. What we wanted was
a digest of that report and of the other State
reports. We wanted the pith of these papers;
but they are given to ns in extenso. Why?
Because it was much easier to publish them
verbatim than to reduce them to some general,
condensed, intelligent results. The conse-
quence is that the report is nothing better,
for the most part, than the merest rehash—
not even a rehash, but a reprint bodily—of the
public school official documents of the dif-
ferent. States. That is not what Congress
established this bureau for; and if it was, it
