302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
Ho. 03? Reps.
Test-Oath—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
ing under them, what is the matter with him?
[Laughter.] What ails him? But that we
know that the Chinese are not very luxurious
livers—indeed, too little to eat instead of too
much is their general complaint—we might
understand the nature and causes of "the dis-
tresses-." Yettherestillisleftadiffieulty. How
are distresses produced by "repletion," and
which express themselves by "writhing," to be
cared by emigrating from Asia to the United
Slates ? The mode is not very obvious, unless,
indeed, it is supposed that the sea voyage is to
have its usual effect upon the traveler and thus
relieve himfrom "the distresses of repletion."
[Laughter.]
I have done with this report. It has not
been for any purpose of mere criticism of the
book or of its contents that I have dwelt so
long upon it or them. It was to demonstrate
to the Senate the extreme necessity for con-
fining the Commissioner within the limits pre-
scribed by law. They are substantially plain
enough. They cover an exceedingly small
part of the field over which this book travels,
and a much smal ler part of that larger field over
which this officer informs us that his functions
and duties extend. What he had to deal with
was the common-school system of the United
States. How little any officer or any man
comprehends the greatness of that subject,
who, being charged with it as this Commis-
sioner is, fancies he can afford to treat it as
but one part of a much larger subject for
inquiry and discussion. The man has very
much to learn who supposes that the common
school system of the United States is not
subject enough for any ability; nay, for any
genius.
I have not said any thing of th8 constitutional
question involved. I do not in the least admit
the right of the Federal Government to inter-
fere with the school system of any State, or
with the subject of education in any State. I
deny the right in loto. At the same time, a
bureau of statistics of education, for the col-
lection of facts and data in respect to common
schools in the United States, and their pub-
lication in a digested form, would, if confined
to those proper and definite limits, encounter
probably no opposition from any party in Con-
gress. But here is an office which has already
strayed far •beyond any conceivable bounds;
indeed, spread itself over a space as vast as
the whole history and progress of the human
race. Canthat be proper? Hence it is that
this excessive increase, nearly doubling the
appropriation of the last session, is demanded
at this session. How many months have elapsed
since that last appropriation was made? Not
a year; about half a year. The last appropri-
ation was made in July, and this is February.
What has happened in the mean time ? What
has so increased the necessities of this bureau
that it already requires $26,000 against an
appropriation of $14,000 at the last session?
if $14,000 was ample then, a few months ago,
why am I not justified in speaking of $20,000
now as culpable extravagance?
Test-Oath.
SPEECH OF nONTsAMUEL S. COX,
of new york,
In the Hodse op Representatives,
February 1, 1871,
On tho bill (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath to bo
taken by persons who participated in tho late
rebellion, but who are-disqualified from holding
stlico by the fourteenth amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. COX. This bill is conceded by the
debate to be a movement in the line of liber-
ality. It is equivalent to the removal of dis-
qualifications. It will be, therefore, tranquil-
iziag in its effect on the South.
WHAT IS THE PROPOSED BILL ?
It proposes to repeal the test-oath. It melts
down the iron-clad oath ; and in that way it
melts down discontent. As the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] has said, it
goes " fundamentally and radically to what is
called reconstruction." How does it do this?
In effect it repeals the law of July 2, 1862,
requiring an oath of office. It is regarded by
that gentleman, therefore, as a "removal of
one of the most important restraints against
the enemies of the Government, those who
participated in trying to accomplish its over-
throw."
ABOLITION Of OATHS—PARTIAL AMNESTY.
It will thus appear that the if3ue which the
gentleman accepted to try with me comes to that
of partial amnesty. I accept this bill, there-
fore, as a measure of mercy. It is not a large
measure, as will appear ; but it is dictated in
the spirit of reconciliation. It comes within
the argument which I elaborated this session,
drawn from history and religion as to our duty
to the conquered. It carries out the historic
lessons of clemency, and it follows the benign
and philosophic precept that we love Him
because He first loved us. In this debate
I am happy to be on the side of kindness,
philosophy, and Christianity.
THE IRON-CLAD OATH.
This bill removes the iron-clad oath. What
is that oath? It reads thus:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the United
States since I have been a citizen, thereof; that I
have voluntarily given no aid, countenance, coun-
sel, or encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility thereto; that I have neither sought nor
accepted, nor attempted to exercise tho functions of
liny office whatever, under any authority or pro-
tended authority in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution, within tho United States, hostile or inimical
thereto," <&c.
This is the oath of 1862, designated by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Faiinsworth] as
a "yard long." But long as it is, the strange-
ness and nonsense of its mummery does not
appear in its length, but in its substance. On
the 11th of July, 1868, Congress enacted:
"That whenever any person who has participated
in tho late rebellion, and from whom all legal dis-
abilities arising therefrom have been removed by act
of Congress by a voto of two thirds of each House,
has been or shall ho clccted or appointed to any
office or place of trust in or under the Government
of the United States, he shall, before entering upon
tho duties thereof, instead of tho oath prescribed by
the act of Julv2,18G2, take and subscribe the follow-
ing oath or affirmation: 'I, A. B., do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that I will support and defend the Con-
stitution of tho United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith
and allegiance to the same; that I take this obliga-
tion freely, without any mental reservation or pur-
pose of evasion ; and that I will well and faithfully
discharge tho duties of the ofiico on which I am about
to enter: so help mo God 1'"
ABSURDITY OF OUR OATH LEGISLATION.
By this law the rebellious, whose disabilities
are removed by Congress, are freed from the
" iron-clad and it remains to be taken only
by those who are comparatively innocent of
rebellion, or innocent altogether! The effect
of the bill before us is to allow the very guilty
but subsequently qualified official, to take the
simple oath to the Constitution, while the
very innocent have to undergo the rigorous
search of conscience, with the help of God,
that they are thus innocent I In the words of
the gentleman who reported the bill, [Mr.
Butler,] its effect is to repeal the "test-oath
for every man who took part in the rebellion
but who has not been disqualified by the four-
teenth article of amendment." Itenables men
who have no disabilities to take the oath pre-
scribed for those whose disabilities are re-
moved. Or, as the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Morey] well described it, it is a provis-
ion for a simple oath to support the Constitu-
tion for those who were engaged in rebellion,
and a continued requisition of the test to those
not so engaged.
This legislation, therefore, while it is good
as far as it goes, is asinine in the highest irra-
tional degree. Better repeal all test-oaths.
Nothing but the jealousy, spite, and timid pol-
icy which is wilting the opposite party, pre-
vents a thorough repeal of such a nonsensical
swearing code. We who were never in rebel-
lion, Republicans and Democrats, before we
can hold office, before we can be seated here,
have to undergo the ineffable absurdity of
swearing we have never borne arms against
the United States, nor given aid,-countenance,
counsel, or encouragement, nor exercised func-
tions, or yielded support, and all that, to rebel-
lion !
But the gentleman from Massachusetts de-
sires this absurd procedure to proceed. He
I hope theiron-clad oath will never be repealed—
ay, even after every disability is removed from
every rebel in the South. I want always to toko it.
It is the patent of nobility for every loyal man. Wo
can walk up and declare with the oath of God upon
us that wo never bore arms against the Govern-
ment wc love and the country wo have saved. And
I want these other men to come up to the altar and
be able only to take the ' short oath.'t". e.,-«tbat they
will defend the Constitution hereafter. I want that
distinction ever borne in mind."
This farce of an oath to those who conld not
possibly be perjured under it, he desires to
preserve as a patent of nobility! He thus
gives a grace to the rebel; but he puts the
" loyalist" on his conscience for his fidelity !
By the same reasoning, would he not continue
the oath to the next generation ? Would he
not make the children who are to be born,
and who will take our places, swear that they
too were not voluntary helpers in rebellion?
Could the absurdity of legislation further go?
Yes ; it did go further during the war.
MOCKERY OP WAR-OATHS.
I give you a sample of the contempt which
must have been inspired during the war by one
of our numerous family of oaths. The mus-
tering officer thus swore a recruit. I give
the oath as it came under my observation:
"You do solemnly swear (look here, take that
cigar out of yer mouth) that you'll bear true faith
and allegiance to the United States of America;
that you'll serve them honestly and faithfully (stop
that damned talking in the ranks) against all ene-
mies and opposers whomsoever; that you'll observe
and obey the orders of the President of tho United
States (take oft your liat and keep your hand up)
and the orders of tho officers appointed over you: so
helpyouGod. Now git!"
What the effect of such oath-taking was upon
our soldiers we can well imagine. A noble
defender and soldier of the Republic was thus
prepared for patriotic warfare!
I agree with the liberal gentlemen from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] and Virginia, [Mr.
Pratt,] that we had betterabolish all test-oaths
and disqualifications. Unless we desire to per-
petuate such mockeries of God and contempt
of man and make the rebellion a living power
forever, we had better expunge from our stat-
utes all such incongruous and absurd legisla-
tion.especially such oaths as have reference to
political opinion and action.
I have challenged my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] to the arena for the debate of
this proposition that frequent and familiar
oath-taking is a curse, that it is the odium of
history and the scandal of civilization. He
accepted the glove I threw to him.
_ But, Mr. Speaker, I might rest upon this one
vital thrust at bis position, to wit, that the very
legislation we are now engaged in is partial,
inconsistent, and absurd. It is a demonstra-
tion of the contempt into which this general
system of oaths has fallen by '' damnable irora-
tion" and with reference to holding official
station.
In this debate I have already said that "I
accepted this measure as a step only in the
right direction, because oaths have become
