1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
41st Cong....3d Sbss.
Test-Oath—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
odious in this country by reason of their fre-
quency and their 'iron-clad' character. They
have become as cheap as dicers' oaths or cus-
tom-house oaths. Nobody seems to care much
for them; let us crush out their multiplication
and repeal all of them possible." I repeat this
statement to illustrate it fully.
dicers' oaths.
This is Sbakspeare's expression for exces-
sive profanity. Profanity when common loses
much of the intensity of the rhetoric and
feeling it is supposed to imply. A common
swearer is an habitual blackguard. The time
was when profanity, which is as old as myth-
ology, was considered an earnest of some-
thing behind, the outward expression of a
sanctified and earnest emotion or thought.
But the excesses of swearing rendered the
swearing not alone nugatory oven for rhetor-
ical effect, but a blemish and a weakness. Good
taste and morals, not to say religion, teach
that the habitually profane man, to wit: the
dicer, lost all the emphasis of his asseverations
by his vulgar and repeated expletives.
" custom-house oaths."
On my return from Europe two years ago I
was requested to swear to something at the
custom-house. I was asked to sign the affi-
davit. I did so. Then I said to the officer,
"Where do I go to make the oath?" He
replied, "It is made already 1" "What?"
"You are sworn," said he, " I am authorized ;
and you are sworn." I did not know I had
undergone the solemnity. I had simply'made
my sign manual. He explained that it was cus-
tomary not to put people on their conscience
as to such matters, that the oath was a dead
formula, and he did not want to bind me. And
this farce is that sacred thing which Cruden
calls a solemn action, whereby we call on God,
the searcher of hearts, to witness the truth of
what we affirm, for the endingof controversy !
Senator Fexton", in his recent investigations
at the New York custom-house, has ascertained
and stated the same facts. It bears on my
theme, and I reproduce the evidence from his
report. The bribery of inspectors by steam-
boat men being under discussion, the question
was asked :
Question. Is there a special order against this ?
"yinswer. Yes, sir; there have been two special
orders issued by the Secretary of the Treasury.
" Question. Are not inspectors required to take an
oath ?
*' Answer. Yes, sir; all of them when they come
into the custom-house!
" Question. What is the nature of it?
"Answer. For a faithful discharge of duty and not
to receive any moneys for purposes of this kind. It
is regarded as a custom-house oath.
" Question. Is it regarded as very binding ?
"Answer. No, sir; it is not regarded as binding.
Not any oaths taken in the custom-house, either by
merchants or officers of the Government, in my
opinion, are considered as binding.
^ "By Mr. Sheldon:
" Question. What you mean to say, when you say
it is a custom-house oath, is that it is a mere form ?
"Anhcer. Yes, sir.
"Question. That is generally the way in which
oaths are regarded by the merchants and the officers
ofthe Government?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
And this is the customary mode of oath-
taking ! This is the oath which Milton defines
(Christian Doctrine, p. 579) as that "whereby
we call God to witness the truth of what we
say, with a curse upon ousrelves; either implied
or expressed, should it prove false." Is not
this commentary enough to illustrate my point
that trivial, familiar, aud frequent oath-taking
is essentially vicious?
The same thing was common years ago to
the English custom-house. It has, however,
been greatly reformed by act of Parliament
of William IV. By this act the treasury are
authorized to dispense with all oaths which
they do not consider necessary in the collec-
tion of the revenue, and to substitute declara-
tions in their stead. Such a reform is sadly
needed in our own administration of inter-
nal and foreign revenues. Why, so common
became this curse of oath-taking that Lord
Karnes, in his "Hints on Education," (p.
362,) gives his experience as a judge, when he
says " that custom-house oaths go for nothing ;
not that the world grows more wicked, but
because nobody lays stress on the.ra." He
gives an illustration as to the importation of
wines, when by common consent the merchant
swore that the French wines were Spanish,
when everybody knew they were not. The
same recklessness obtains in our country, in
the western land offices and in the Depart-
ments at Washington, in our codes of plead-
ing and in our affidavits in court. Why not
begin our reform here and now, upon this
most senseless system as to official or promis-
sory oaths of a political nature ?
At the sea-ports in Great Britain there were
houses of resort where persons were always to
be found ready to take any oath required. No
warning was needed. This was the inquiry:
"Any damned soul here?" Of course such
familiarity with oaths bred contempt. The oath
thus taken afforded no barrier against false-
hood and perjury.
oaths to rebels is war.
Was the oath-mummery any better during
the war? Into whatever part of the ramifica-
tion of military and civil service, in field, camp,
or office, Washington or elsewhere, wherever
there was a rebel to be captured or a citizen to*
be questioned, everywhere, at all times, the
oath had to be administered. It became the
joke of both armies and of all departments.
Especially was it insisted upon as a loyal meas-
ure by those who neVer set or saw a squadron
in.the field. A capital writer in the Capital
newspaper, in describing the patriotism of the
Christian statesman, says of him, truly:
" He did not rush into the ranks and lire great guns
wildly at the foe. JSothe; thatwas risking too valu-
able a life. He remained at home and fought the
enemy in the rear. He fought the enemy by admin-
istering the oath of allegiance. He administered
the oath of allegiance at all hours. He administered
some oaths before breakfast. Between that and din-
ner he administered an immense quantity. After
dinner he continued the pious business, and at any
time of the day when he felt at a loss for immediate
occupation he rushed in somewhere and adminis-
tered the oath."
This jocose, careless, and familiar way of
oath-faking is one of the results of that de-
moralization incident to all civil wars. It is
not peculiar to our land. Nor is the account
I give overdrawn. It was not unusual to
catch a rebel to-day, swear him, and let him
go; catch him again to-morrow, swear him
over again, and let him run again. No one
pretended that such oaths were binding. The
man who broke them was considered as under-
going one penalty only. He must swear over
again; and he did, with as much facility as
he would guzzle bad whisky or conceal contra-
band quinine.
This is the illustration in'one form of that
flippant irreverence too characteristic of Young
America. By its frequency all sense of vera-
city is lost. The meaning of an oath, which
is the imprecation of God's vengeance or the
invocation of Him as a witness, if the state-
ment b* false, (Atkyn's Chancery Reports,
vol. 1, p. 19.) is thus made a byword and a
reproach. Better "swear not at all."
Our statutes, from the beginning of the civil
war till now, groan out to all like the ghost of
Hamlet's father :" Swear!" "Swear!" And
there was such swearing done on both sides
of the line of force—and even on the dead-line
of ghosts—that the most vulgar and thought-
less roared in ironic laughter at the senseless
formularies of our statutes.
how far abolish the oath.
I am not prepared to say that I fully agree
with the Quaker and Moravian doctrine, or
rather with that higher code, "Swear not
at all." Somehow nations have prescribed
oaths from their origin; ay, and those who
were not exactly in the order of society—the
Carbonari, the Thugs, and Ku Kluxes of all
countries—have" prescribed oaths, as if there
was some peculiar bond or sanctity about them.
I propose not the entire abolition of'oaths in
organized government, but I propose to show-
by authority and reason, by historic prece-
dents, by the best thinkers, and-by the prac-
tical results, that frequent and familiar oath-
taking, such as this Government required dur-
ing the rebellion, and yet requires, especially
in political matters, is a curse and a peril.
If this be proven, then this bill ought not only
to be passed, but there should be a general
overhauling of our oath codes. Nine tenths of
our oath requirements ought to be abrogated,
and the other tenth might then possibly have
a utility which I fail to perceive at present.
This discussion is the one I promised my
friend_ from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] I
ask him to go with me into the origin and
history and rationalia of oatli-taking. If I do
not convince him that it is radically bad, in
the sense of disqualification of rebels, of which
I despair, I will at least persuade him to seek
another mode of disqualification than this of
perpetual swearing.
In this connection I refer him to the. safest
statement of my thesis, by Isaac Barrow. He
will perceive it is not, Quaker authority, for
it allows some swearing :
"As by the rare and reverent use of oaths their
dignity is upheld and their allegations kept fast, so
by the frequent and negligent application of themt
by the prostituting of them to every purpose, their
respect will be quite lost, their strength will be
loosed, they will prove unserviceable to public use."
Of course this opens a large field of discus-
sion. It involves the question primarily whether
oaths are lawful under the gospel. I will not
discuss that further than to quote from the
most philosophic of writers this remarkable
statement. Jeremy Bentham says:
" Thus repugnant to one of the plainest precepts
of Jesus, how happens it, itmay be asked, that under
a religion calling itself the religion of Jesus the use
of this ceremony should have been so abundant?"
The answer to this question is hardiy com-
plimentary to human advancement. It implies
that the bonds of society now are very little
more stringent than in the early and barbarous
state of our species, when oaths were consid-
ered an instrument for valor, patriotism, and
virtue, and when union of communities was
cemented by oaths. The oath of the three
confederates who are supposed to have founded
the Swiss liberties is a sample of that rude
era, which unhappily has not been replaced in
our time and land by the higher instrumental-
ities of amnesty, clemency, and constitutional
obligations.
This brings me to the real point of debate:
whether oaths as enacted aud as administered
in this and other lands promote truth and jus-
tice ; in other words, their expediency.
origin and natuke Ok' oaths.
To the biblical student the origin and nature
of oaths is an interesting study. As the nature
of all oaths is more or less imprecatory, call-
ing on God to witness or to punish, extending
the hand or kissing the Book, there has been
much research into the biblical history of an
oath. It is conceded that if all men were good
no oath would be needed; the love of truth
would be supreme above all forms and attesta-
tions.
old testament oaths.
Why should men in all times bring their
religion to bear upon the elucidation of truth or
the performance of duty? The answer will be
found as we "peruse the Scriptures." We
read of the oath of the covenant between God
and man. Abraham "lilted up his hand " and
swore that he would not take, from a thread to
a shoe-latchet, anything, &c. Jehovah Him-
self is represented in his promise to Abraham,
