304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February I,
Ho. of Reps.
Test-Oath—Mr. Cox,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
as He could swear by no greater, as swearing
by Himself. The form of lifting up the hand
frequently recurs in the Old and New Testa-
ments. This form is that observed by the angel
iu the hook of Eevelations when he swore by
Him that liveth forever and ever that time
should be no longer. Abraham was requested
by Abimelech to take an oath, and he did.
Ruth took the oath which is more charming
than a lover's vow, or a marriage ceremony:
" The Lord do so to me, and more also." Eli
bound little Samuel to be truthful by the same
exquisite adjuration. Abraham's chief steward
took an oath of fidelity.
The same ceremony made interesting the
death-bed of Jacob. In the interview between
Jehu and Jehonadab, and in a description also
in Ezek'el, we have an account of the hand-
shaking oath. In Numbers (chapter V, verse
2*2) the magistrate repeated a solemn oath to
the juror, who said, as they respond even yet
in Spain, "Amen." Hannah's address to Eli,
and in the answer of Abner to Saul, Elijah to
Elisha, and in a score of other Hebraic mem-
ories preserved in Holy Writ, we have evi-
dences of solemn swearing, but it must be con-
fessed that these illustrations are not trivial,
but are of the most solemn character, and
hardly, furnish illustrations of frequent and
familiar swearing. Swearing was an oriental
custom, and the heathen round about Judea
practiced it and abused it, as Israel did not.
Homer's heroes lifted up their hands and
swore. A picture of Apelles represents Cal-
umny arresting a young man, who swears, lift-
ing his hand to the gods, attesting his.inno-
cence. "By Apollo, dear to Jove, while I
live," said Achilles to Calchas, "no one shall
lay his hand on thee." Cyrus swears to Go-
brias, and gave his hand as an emblem of pro-
tection. Menelaus demanded the same oath
of the frail but fair Helen. Tacitus repre-
sents Gennanicus on his death-bed requiring
his friends to lay their hands in his, to lose
their lives rather than not take vengeance on
his enemies. The Greeks had greater and
lesser oaths. It became so common to swear
in Greece that perjury was considered as a
venial error, unlike the oat h-taking represented
in the Old Testament. The immortals only
lost their nectar if they broke their oaths when
sworn by the waters of the Styx.
So common became the oath in Greece that
the judges were at length given the discretion
to inhibit it. it they chose, just as in Tuscany
the same law was enacted fifteen hundred
years afterward. The Greeks poured out wine
on the ground as a symbol that their brains
should be scattered if they broke their oaths,
and their perfidy was proverbial. The heroes
of Greece swore sometimes by their spears and
swords, as the Unmans did by their Cjesars.
Agamemnon swore by his scepter. Deities,
however, were the customary objects of attest-
ation arid imprecation in Greece and iioine,
and polytheism was not a good system to swear
by. The goddess Fides was Numa's favorite for
an oath. The full quiver of Diana was a war-
rior's oath. In Egypt the ibis, the crocodile,
snakes, baboons, curs, cats, and fishes, not to
speak of leeks and onions, were the witnesses
of holy vows. iBschylus makes a complete pic-
ture of these barbaric and dark times which
have been reproduced in this country by our
own wise politicians and heroes. Seven chiefs
slew a bull on a shield. With their hands in the
gore and with solemn oath they swore to Bellona
to do brave things. General Lewis Wallace,
of Indiana, and Colonel Wilson, of the New
1 oi'k Zouaves, made their regiments kneel and
kiss the flag they swore by. It often happened
that the more preliminary swearing the less
fighting; for, as an old writer remarks, it is not
the oath that invests the man with credit, but
the man the oath. History in the Dork Ages
W rich in illustrations of this ridiculous multi-
plication of oaths. It was because the oath had
become so senselessly familiar in the twilight
of time that a new dispensation on that subject
dawned on the advent of the Saviour.
OATHS TINDER CHRISTIANITY.
The highest authority has pronounced, "Let
your communication (Greek, logos) be yea,
yea, and nay, nay; for whatsoever is more
than these cometh of evil." (Matthew, V, 37.)
It is reasonably certain that the early Christians
refused to swear. They believed in and prac-
ticed the injunction, 411 say nnto you swear
not at all." "Above all things, brethren,
swear not." (Matthew, V, 34; James, V, 12.)
Whether these injunctions were intended to
forbid all vain, rash, and common swearing,
or an absolute prohibition, it is not a part of
my proposition to discuss. It is enough that
in the time of the Saviour and for many cen-
turies after, and indeed in the time of Calvin,
the general vice was to swear frequently and
lightly. It was regarded as a grievous abuse
of the name of God. The Anabaptists, Mora-
vians, and Quakers accustomed themselves to
truth by avoiding these common adjurations,
and the simplicity of their faith and character
is a guarantee of the substantial utility of
abolishing frequent oaths. "For would men,"
says Calvin, " only cultivate truth and sincerity,
there were no need of so many superfluous
oaths."
Perhaps the biblical canon might be prop-
erly stated to be this: thatoathsmightbetaken
under solemn forms only when necessary for
the ends of truth and justice.* The common
practice of swearing led to the desire among
good men of abolishing all oaths. "Fly from
every oath," cries out Gregory Nazianzen, -in
the fourth century. "How then shall we be
believed?" " By our word and by a life which
makes our word worthy of credit." Augustin
sums up this view when he says, "False
swearing is fatal, true swearing is danger-
ous, swearing not at all is safe." Again, says
Ambrose, " Swearing is only in condescension
to a defect;" and Chrysostom says, "Swearing
took its beginning from want of truth and punc-
tuality." The heathen god of oaths, according
to Hesiod, was the son of Eris or Contention.
It was the experience of mankind up to the
time of the Saviour that, as oaths increased,
litigation, violence, and perfidy grew.
The best writers and lawgivers of the heathen
world coincided with those of the Christian
world. Plutarch, Solon, Theogonus, Pythag-
oras, Socrates, Xenocrates, Plato, Menander,
Epictetus, Quinctiliian, Cicero, Josephus,
exalt the men who refused oaths and whose
character was sufficient for all things without
such adjurations.
The Christian record from the time of Poly-
carp, who died refusing to swear before the
proconsul, including Justin Martyr, who
wrote in the year 150 his " Apology for the
Christians" to the lloman senate, Clemens,
Origeti, Cyprian, Athanasius, Hilary, and a
cloud of sainted witnesses, held, some of them
attesting it at the stake, that to "swear was
not lawful for a Christian."
_ The Waldenses, the Albigenses, Wickliffe and
his followers, among whom was Chaucer, John
IIuss, Jerome of Prague, John Fox, Erasmus,
and others who favored reformation, were not
more emphatic against swearing than the
fathers ot the Catholic church. George Fox
was imprisoned sixteen months for refusing
the oath of abjuration ; over three thousand
and sixty-eight Quakers were imprisoned after
the Restoration because their tenets forbade
oath taking.
THE OATH IN RECENT HISTORY.
The civil wars of the Stuarts, like our own,
and like all eras of violence and blood, were
the eras of oath-taking. The protest of the
Quakers was a remonstrance against the fre-
quency of the oath as well as against its un-
lawfulness. Oaths of allegiance, broken and
renewed, and renewed again to be broken
again, mark this era of English convulsion,
as it has marked our own times. The insur-
rection in Wales in the seventeenth century
only antedates that rich feast of oaths with
which our statutes abound. History repeats
itself singularly in this respect. Armed men,
disguised, (Welsh Ku Kluxes,) went about
demanding oaths and doing violence. They
seem to be inseparable companions in bloody
times and civil turbulence. In later times, in
England, however, Parliament ordered an in-
vestigation into the utility of so much oath-
taking, especially in the custom-house and in
the departments as to accounts. The result
was a belief that a substitute in the shape of
a declaration with penalties was a proper re-
form. The reform might have been extended
in England, as it certainly could be in Amer-
ica, without harm to society and with more
regard to substantial benefit.
OATH-BREAKING.
History is, moreover, replete with the per-
juries of men of rank and honor who obtained
power by attestations and were forsworn after
its attainment. Hence, oaths of a political
nature, like our iron clad, form no element
in the stability of thrones or the permanency
of Government. Harold swore to William of
Normandy that he would renounce the Crown,
and then at once began the work of discrown-
ing hi'm. William swore to the church and
nobles. He broke his oath. Henry I com-
pelled his own son Stephen to swear to main-
tain his daughter Matilda on the throne.
Stephen at once began to conspire against
Matilda. John and his son Henry sivore to
Magna Charta, and kept the oath only when
fear and necessity required. Cromwell swore
to preserve Parliament in session five months.
He broke his oath. Francis I broke his oath
after his release. History abounds in illus-
trations of political oath-breaking. Before
secession in America, political oaths were held,
as cheap as those of dicers. These illustra-
tions form a part of that logic of history which
demands the abolition of all such oaths as
irreverent, futile, and perilous to morals, reli-
gion, and good government.
PROMISSORY OATHS AND OATHS OP OFFICE.
But suppose oaths are necessary for the
elucidation of truth and the administration
of justice, what is gained by the promissory
oath? What is gained by an oath of office?
What is gained by the iron-clad, which is sus-
ceptible of the grossest subterfuges ? What,
in the opinion of the juror, is " countenanc-
ing or encouraging " rebellion? What is "giv-
ing aid and comfort?" What is yielding a
"voluntary support" to the pretended govern-
ment? The effect of all such oaths is espe-
cially demoralizing. It sets towoikthe artful
and devilish casuistry of the mind to dodge the
effect of the oath. There is no compensating
good to be found in it. Suppose the affiant
should read Puflfendorf and there find author-
ity that in case a promissory oath hindered in
his judgment a greater moral good, how easy
for the conscience to forget or break the obli-
gation. History is full of the infraction of
oaths by sovereigns, who had promised fran-
chises to the people. They had promised under
a cloud ; power came to them and perjury
was easy.
What is the utility of swearing a man to
observe the supreme law—the Constitution of
the United States, when he takes a seat here?
The fact of sitting here is a promise to do his
duty. Such oaths are never followed in any
case by indictment for perjury. In England
perjury cannot be assigned for a breach of offi-
cial oaths. (Coke, 3, c. 71.)
This sort of oath of office or promissory oath
