1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Official Oath—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
became so contemptible in heathen times that
the two contracting parties, the Athenians and
Lacedaemonians, engaged to renew their oaths
to each other every year, as it was gravely held
that after a time there was no perjury in break-
ing a political oath.
If by no other mode, such oaths are sure to
be infracted under various pretexts,
subterfuges in swearino.
It is a proverb in Spain, '1 Quien ha heeho la
leyizo la trampa." He who made the law
made also its evasion; and it is one more of
the evidences of the inutility and even wicked-
ness of much oath-taking that the nation of
"proverbial philosophy" should have crystal-
lized this argument into a maxim.
It is not necessary to go so far as'Spain to
find the evidences of or the effect of careless
and rash oaths. All revolutionary countries,
especially the Spanish-American republics,
furnish abundant proof of the vicissitudes of
political sovereignty, and, as a consequence,
of the temporary and trivial character of the
oaths of allegiance.
A scene occurred in the French National
Assembly the other day which illustrates my
meaning. The Assembly met at Yersaiiles.
Gambetta, Victor Hugo, and others had spoken
against Napoleon, when a Bonapartist, M.
Conti, rushed toward the tribune. A crowd
of infuriated republicans clinched him. He
found time to thunder out, "How many of
you swore allegiance to the empire who, like
myself, have kept their devotion?"
All oaths of a political kind, including our
precious "iron-clad," come under the disap-
probation of Jeremy Bentbam as to oaths of
belief or opinion. A man may swear to one
conviction of his mind to-day, renounce it to-
morrow, and by the very advancement of his
intellect reinstate his first judgment. All pen-
alties and oaths to make conformity of opinion
to the prevailing Government are unphilosoph-
ical and absurd:
"The legislator who requires declarations of faith
becomes the corruptor of his country."—Bentham,
volume 1, page 565.
The same writer holds that an oath based
on opinions is weakened because it is im-
possible to detect the perjury, and fluctuating
human reason cannot pledge itself for the
future.
When oaths are frequent subterfuges will be
resorted to of the flimsiest kind, to avoid their
sanction; mental reservations will be frequent;
the "lubricity" of conscience will become
more and more slippery. To evade the guilt of
perjury, and yet to secure certain ends by false-
hood, becomes a common device. We know
how this has been in our own land. I have
referred to the custom-house oath. But this
custom is as old as tlife time of the Saviour.
He reproved these shifts when He said, " Woe
unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whoso-
ever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing ;
but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the
temple, he is a debtor."
It was common in the Old Bailey for the wit-
ness to kiss his thumb, instead of the Book.
The officer had to keep an eye on this class of
witnesses. In olden times, in England, if the
recruit said nothing in response to the oath he
could desert without perjury. In Wales, unless
three fingers were placed on the book the
juror did not hold it binding. Even our com-
mon law, which does not affix perjury to the
false oath except the testimony be relevant to
the issue, is a sort of subterfuge: "It con-
cerneth not the point in suit," says Coke, "and
therefore in effect is extrajudicial.'^
These make-shiftscontribute to lying- They
belittle the sanctions of the oath. Theyare
the effect of frequent and familiar swearing.
They dishonor society, and Government, its
agent. They call down religion from its
heavenly home to drag it into the mire of
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 20.
human depravity. They therefore corrupt
the very well springs of truth and justice. It
is because, Mr. Speaker, the oath abolished
by this bill is a portion of such a system of
demoralization and barbarism that I favor its
abolition. I would go further, and abolish all
political and all promissory oaths. I would
do it, not only to preserve society, but because,
sir, that appalling and abiding sense of' the
Divine Majesty, invoked so carelessly upon
the occasions of oath-taking ought not to be
impaired, nor the effulgence which emanates
from the promise of His word be contaminated
by the imperfections and vices of men 1
The Official Oath.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MAYNARD,
of tennessee,
In the House op Representatives,
February 1, 1871,
On the bill (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath to be
taken by persons who participated in the late
rebellion but who are not disqualified from holding
office by the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, with much
that has fallen from my honorable and distin-
guished friend [Mr. Cox] 1 have no disposition
to take issue. Indeed I might, upon consid-
eration, fully concur with it. For instance,
I quite agree with him in reprobating the
careless and utterly perfunctory manner in
which he was permitted to make his affidavit at
the custom-house. A less scrupulous person
might disregard altogether an oath so heed-
lessly administered. The dweller in God's
holy hill, we are told, is one who " sweareth to
his own hurt and changeth not," and who
" putteth not out his money to usury."
"It would hardly do to establish a practice
upon these exceptional cases. Nor am I pre-
pared to say that I would not abolish alto-
gether what are called custom-house oaths,
and substitute a written declaration, punishing
falsehood, not as perjury, but as fraud. Oath-
taking upon trivial and unimportant occasions,
and under circumstances to detract from it all
its religious solemnity, savors too much of
profanity, of taking God's holy name in vain.
Instances are not wanting, historical and other,
■where parties wholly unsworn have observed
the highest faith. "Voltaire has cited the treaty
made by William Penn with the Indians as the
only one ever made between a Christian and
a pagan people which was not ratified by an
oath, and the only one which was neverbroken.
But there is more epigrammatic point than
truth; for the old Quaker was influenced by
the conscious presence of his Maker as much
as if he had invoked Him solemnly and by
name.
But all this and much more, in fact the
greater portion of the gentleman:s_ remarks,
are very wide of the present discussion, which
relates alone to the substance of the official
oath. " What is the utility," inquires the dis-
tinguished Representative of New York city,
"of swearing a man to observe the supreme
law, the Constitution of the United States,
when he takes a seat here? The fact of sit-
ting here is a promise to do his duty. _ Such
oaths are never followed in any case by indicts
ment for perjury.'' The very propounding of
such a question implies an inability to appre-
ciate or even to understand, the answer^ and 1
shall attempt none. The next inquiry would
be, what is utility? That would lead to still
other inquiries, reaching indefinitely, without
arriving at any common ground for the discus-
sion. I do not propose to treat the subject as
a theorist or as a casuist.
Mankind have been agreed, from the earliest
times, in requiring from each other, when
entering upon serious affairs, a solemn assur-
ance, sanctioned by an appeal to«the highest
recognized authority, and embodying in some
form or other the profoundest religious sen-
timent. This is the sacrament or oath ; the
plighted truth. Mankind have been agreed iu
denouncing as infamous the disregard of this
holy obligation. Even the very devices re-
sorted to for its evasion attest its bindingforce
upon the conscience; and to ask what is the
utility of it evinces the same want of moral
discrimination which confounds truth with
falsehood, right with wrong.
Recognizing this principle, the framers of the
Constitution provide an oath to be taken by
the President of the United States of America,
(article two, section eight,) and declare that—
" The Senators and Representatives, and the mem-
bers of the several State Legislatures, and all ex ecu-
tive and all judicial officers, both of the United States
and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or
affirmation, to support this Constitution."—Consti~
tution, article eix, section three.
In view of the disrespect exhibited by some
ambitious schemers, General Jackson might
well exclaim:
*' In vain have the people of the several States
solemnly sanctioned these provisions, made theia
their paramount law, and individually sworn to
support them whenever they were called on to exe-
cute any office. Vain provisions! ineffectual restric-
tions I vile profanation of oaths 1 miserable mockery
of legislation!"—Proclamation to the people of South
Carolina, December 10,1832.
One of the earliest measures of this House
was the adoption of a form of oath for its own
members:
"X, A B, a Representative of the United States in
the Congress thereof, do solemnly swear, (or affirm,
as thecasemaybejinthepresence ol Almighty G-od,
that I will support the Constitution of the United
States: so help me God."—House Journal, April 6,
1789.
The first act of Congress provides an oath
of office in pursuance of the sixth article of the
Constitution, for all officers, both State and
Federal, in these words:
*' I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case
may be) that I will support the Constitution of the
United States."—Act, June 1,1789.
These provisions of organic and statutory
law demonstrate the care with which the fra-
mers of the Government protected their work
from enemies by surrounding its officials with
the sanction of a religious obligation to sup-
port it, and a like obligation upon the Chief
Magistrate to "preserve, protect, and defend"
it "to the best of his ability." For seventy
years and upward the obligation was held in
the highest degree sacred, paramount in some
instances to every other. For, when several
years ago an eminent citizen reminded the
country that there was a law higher than the
Constitution, or any human law, he was bit-
terly assailed and denounced from sea to sea
for perjury, for incivism, for hostility and
moral treason toward the Government, and
that by the very men who subsequently united
in armed rebellion for its overthrow.
The unwelcome developments of the rebel-
lion suggested further legislation, looking not
only to its suppression, but to the protection
of the Government from its malign conse-
quences and from the recurrence of another.
One of the earliest measures, introduced into
both Houses concurrently, was confiscation.
Though I voted for the bill, as I have done for
other measures tentative in character, I had
little faith in its efficiency. The variousamnes-
ties, resulting from tenderness for the one
side, or dislike for the other, reduced this
measure to little more than bratum falmen.
Entertaining these views, I endeavored, while
the bill was under discussion, to amend it by
the substitution of another directed toward the
person of the rebel rather than his property,
(in personam, non in rem,.) By it the Presideut
was empowered, whenever, iu his opinion, the
public safety might justify it and the public
clemency require it, to grant amnesty to all,
