1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong....3d Sbss.
The Indian Question—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. of Reps.
it is perhaps proper that I should say a word
in support of the bill which has now become a
law. One of the chief objects of the act of
May 81, 1870. and of the amendatory act is to
preserve the purity of elections. This it does
by means authorized by the Constitution. And
the original act has certainly been product-
ive of some good. In proof of this I might
refer to facts in the history of elections all over
the country during the past year. The elec-
tion Irauds which disgraced the presidential
and congressional elections of 1686 have been
checked if not repressed, and there is yet hope
for the success of a republican Government.
I-n New York city the result has been very
manifest. In proof of this I quote frem-the
New York Tribune of February 16, 1870, in
which I find it said:
"The vote east in the sixth ward [of New York city]
in 1868, and again in 1869, was enormously swelled
• by fraud. And the outcry of the [men] who misrule
our city and State against 'Federal interference in
State elections,' 'bayonets at the ballot-box.' &c.,
has its impulse in the fact above shown, that they
were not enabled to cheat us so much in 1870 as they
did in 1868 and 1869.
We have called attention to the returns from a
single ward, a ward which was made in 1869 to return
moie than one vote for every four inhabitants, almost
one lor every three, though it is largely peopled
by aliens, with a liberal sprinkling of disfranchised
felons, as we have already stated. Jio man can find
four thousand legal voters in the sixth ward ; yet it
was made to give, at an election when neither Pres-
ident, Governor, nor Congress, was to be chosen,
6,374 votes. At the next election, when Governor
and Congress were chosen, and the most desperate
efforts, the most lavish expenditure, were employed
to swell the Democratic vote, barely 3,838 votes were
polled, though Mayor Hall had meantime increased
the election districts to twenty-threo, one for each
167 voters,) making three districts with a population
(not vote; of 222, 172, and 83. respectively."
Mr. Speaker, 1 fear the principal opposition
to these measures may, unconsciously to gen-
tlemen who object to them, be found in the
results which they have accomplished and are
designed to secure. But in this I may be mis-
taken, and certainly I impute no wrong motive
to any one here. But if these measures are to
be judged by their results, as the tree is known
by its Iruits, then are they entitled to the sanc-
tion and approval of Congress and the people.
The Republic during its brief history of less
than a century has passed through many per-
ils. It has encountered foreign and domestic
war. It has been assailed by enemies within
and without. It has been torn by political
factions and by discord in a thousand forms.
But it has withstood all these and grown in
beauty and strength and grandeur and useful-
ness. It is indeed the model Republic. It is
the only Republic among the great Powers.
It is the only Government which is republican
in name and" form and fact, with a rare excep-
tion or two. But as it.has grown in popula-
tion and wealth, and, by reason of the rebellion,
in taxation and the multiplication of offices,
the scramble for office has in some localities
grown in intensity and in the unscrupulous
means employed for success beyond all prece-
dent in this country.
And as the ballot is the source of all polit-
ical power, frauds on the ballot-box have
grown in the enormity of their character and
proportions until they threaten our political
existence with overthrow. If these frauds can-
not be checked or arrested republican govern-
ment will become a failure. If elections can be
carried by "terrorism," "violence," "ballot-
box stuffing," and "repeating," then, indeed,
it will be but little consolation to the people
that they have a Republic in name when it has
ceased to be so in fact. The reign of terror,
of violence, or fraud, crushing out all free, fair,
honest elections, will surely end in a military
despotism or monarchy. It is to avert evils
like these that these measures to secure the
purity of elections come to the rescue of repub
lican government, "to succor and to save" it
from the perils that recently, more than ever
before, beset it.
If this Republic is to survive the people,
through their Representatives in Congress,
must maintain common schools, an open
Bible, a Christian civilization, and free home-
steads, made attainable toeverv man by honest
industry. These can come and be permanent
only from the free, fearless, honest exercise
of the elective franchise by every adult citizen
who may be guiltless of infamous crime and
to whom the right is secured by the Constitu-
tion. And the purity of the ballot must be
assured by law and its faithful administration,
which judges impartially and protects with
exacting certainty. These are the great land-
marks of our national safety. Destroy anyone
of these and the Republic will perish.
The measures to which I have referred are
designed as guarantees of the free, fair, honest
exercise of the elective franchise, and, until
they are supplied by other and better means
to accomplish that end, I shall stand by them
and sustain them as best I can. In doing so
I will contribute to the success of our institu-
tions and to the well-being of mankind.
V
The Indian Question.
SPEECH OP HON. R. C. McCORMICK,
OP ARIZONA,
Ih the House of Representatives,
January 28, 1871.
The House having met as in Committee of the
Whole for debate—
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, said:
Mr. Speaker : It is somewhat remarkable,
when so little time is here given to the con-
sideration of territorial affairs, an amount not
at all, in my judgment, in proportion to their
importance, that so much of it is occupied by
those who have no practical knowledge of the
peculiar questions affecting the frontier, and
yet who seem disposed to discuss them even
to the exclusion of those who have made them
a study and who come here asking to be heard
upon thein, and upon them only.
In the debate of yesterday and the day
before upon the Indian appropriation bill I
find that less than one tenth of the time was
occupied by the territorial representatives,
while the great proportion was consumed by
gentlemen who have only a theoretical, and
too often simply a poetical, acquaintance with
Indian affairs. There is scarcely a question
of the day surrounded by so many difficulties
as the Indian question, or one in dealing with
which experience in the Indian country is so
absolutely essential to success, ltis one which
for nearly eight years I have had occasion to
consider daily, practically and carefully, and
yet at this time I feel that I have much to learn
regarding it. How those who' have given no
especial attention to it are so ready to discuss
it upon this floor, and so tenacious of their
conclusions, I am at a loss to comprehend.
Of course, where gentlemen undertake to
talk of that which they do not understand there
must be much said that is unjust to the parties
most deeply interested ; and I was pained dur-
ing the recent debate to hear many statements
wholly unwarrantable in their character and
manifestly unfair. Gentlemen usually correct
in their information upon other questions seem
all at sea upon this one of the Indians, and in
the good name of humanity and a mistaken
z«al for the red man have made charges against
those upon the frontier of their own race and
blood which cannot be sustained, while the
press at the East, with few exceptions, seems
given over to a misrepresentation ot'factsasthey
exist in the Indian country, or in that part of it
with which I am familiar. What the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargext] who had
charge of the bill this year, as he had last, had
to say was well enough, and with his views, in
the main, I have no fault to find. In all that
he and other gentlemen said of the importance
of guarding the Indian appropriations, and of
securing superintendents and agents of char-
acter and integrity, 1 heartily concur.
In correcting certain abuses I believe the
so-called new policy of the President has not
been without good results, and it is not to con-
demn this policy or to question tiie good pur-
pose of those who have upbeld it upon this
floor that I now propose to speak. But my
purpose at this time is to speak of certain sec-
tions of the country not yet reached by this
new policy and legislation, one of which I
have the honor to represent upon this floor,
another of which my friend from New Mexico
[Mr. Chaves] speaks for, and still another of
which my friend from western Texas [Mr.
Degexer] represents.
These gentlemen concur with me in insisting
that Indian affairs in what is called "the new
Southwest," a range of country extending
from San Antonia, Texas, to Fort Yuma, Cali-
- fornia, should not be so constantly compared
with those in the northern and central Terri-
tories, where the facts and circumstances are
entirely different and a different policy may be
followed. The region spoken of, which covers
an area nearly as broad as the original thirteen
States, is yet, to a great extent, occupied by
wild Indians with whom treaties have not been
made, and who show no desire for peace, but
are, if possible, more intense in their hostility
and active in their depredations upon the set-
tler than at any previous period.
But, first, a reference to the friendly Indians
in this vast region. These are numerous, but
there is not, nor has there been within my
knowledge, any disposition on the parC of the
settlers to disturb them, although there are
frequent reports to the contrary. In Arizona
there are more than ten thousand of this class,
and they occupy much of the best land. The
Ptmas and Mario.opas have a reservation in the
heart of the territory, upon the great southern
overland route, the line of the proposed South-
ern Pacific railroad, amostcentraland valuable
tract of arable land, containing sixty-four
thousand acres, and many thousands more
than they now cultivate; yet it is purposed to
add eighty-four thousand acres to this reserve
because at some time some thoughtless official
told the Indians it should be done—an exten-
sion which cannot be made without disturbing
a number of settlers, who in good faith have
taken up and cultivated farms upon the Gila
river, east of the reserve; and yet so prominent
a journal as the New York Sun, because these
settlers, among the most, industrious, orderly,
and worthy in the Territory, have ventured to
protest against such an unnecessary movement
and invasion of their rights, has indulged in
flings of which the following, from a recent
issue, is a specimen :
" On the Gila river in Arizona there is a commun-
ity of Indians called Pima1, who are supposed to
have inhabited that region for many hundred years.
They have a little reservation twenty-five miles
long by four miles wide, upon which they have some
ten or twelve villages, and number about three
thousand souls, including a tribe called the Alari-
oopas, who took refuge with the Pimas about sixty
years ago, and have since affiliated with them, ihe
Pnnas are brave warriors, and in conjunction with
their allies, the Maricopas, h,ivc successfully fought
i the fierce Apaches lor many years. They cultivate
i fields of wheat, corr, and cotton ; they spin cotton
and weave blanket?. The women are mode t ana
pleasine. It is said there is not an unchaste woman
m the Puna tribe. Since the til st white man crossed
the plains the Pimas have, been faithful and devoted
friends ot the whole laee. Emigrants, wear} and
worn alter their tedious journey across the conti-
nent, have always lound kindness, protection, and
a generous hospitality in the Pima villages. 1<oU
single jet of treachery has been charged against
them, but from the first to the last they have been
true and faithful friends of the white man. Ana
nowaswarm of worthless white squatters ha\e set tied
around them, are encroaching upon their reserva-
tion, and are returning for their kindness and good
faith ill treatment, robbery, and outMSe. It tho
Pimas are not fully protected from the thievish de-
