308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
Ho. of Reps.
The Indian Question—Mr. McGorm/ick.
41st Cong....3d 8jess.
signs of these wretches our Government will deserve,
and will doubtless receive, the censure and scorn of
the whole civilized world."
The Pimas and Maricopas are probably the
best Indians in Arizona, and yet this state-
ment of their virtues is nearly as fanciful as
some of the Indian sketches of Fennimore
Cooper. I regret to say that there is scarcely
any vice that these "good Indians" of both
sexes do not indulge in, and the young men
are notorious for their thieving propensities.
For several years past they have committed,
often in open day, depredations upon travel-
ers, and particularly upon the settlers upon
the Gila and Salt rivers", for which white men
would have been held to the most rigid account.
Their agent, stationed upon the reservation,
wrote, so lately as the 1st of September last, to
the superintendent of Indian affairs (see report
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs) in the
following words:
"They do not kill travelers and emigrants like
the Apaches, but the obliging, hospitable, and hon-
est Pima of yore, who kindly assisted the Americans
who passed through his lands in those days, has dis-
appeared, and now owners of herds of cattle rarely
ever pass this reservation without losing more or
less stock. Settlers, Americans and Mexicans, who
have, during the past four years, cleared and culti-
vated large tracts of land on the upper Gila and
Salt river are being robbed periodically by maraud-
ing bands of Pimas and Maricopas. Their cattle
and horses are at times stolen, and at other times
maliciously maimed, and their crops are never secure
from encroachments by these Indians.
" The Pimas and Maricopas own large numbers of
horses and cattle, which ore never herded, but are
allowed to roam at will. These often break into the
fields of the settlers, doing immense damage.
"During my residence here as agent numbers of
complaints have been made to me by Americans
and Mexicans against the Indians of this agency, on
account of thefts committed by them, but not in a
singlo iostanee have I succeeded to prevail upon
the chiofs to compel the thieves in the tribes to
restore any of the stolen property. Even when one
Indian steals from another the chiefs are powerless
to act, and usually helplessly appeal to mo to sottle
the difficulty. In November, 1869, some four hundred
Indians, principally Pimas. lelt the reservation and
moved into the fields of settlers, where they gath-
ered the corn and bean crop belonging to these set-
tlers, and finally turned in their horses to destroy
that part of the crop which they had not stolen. Re-
monstrances were of no avail; they remained until
they had stolen all they desired, and thon returned
to the reservation."
In the face of this official statement of the
Government agent, in which the half of the
provocation given the settlers by these Indians
is not set forth, and the fact that the latter
have to this time offered no retaliation, the
charges of the Sun are exceedingly unjust.
In the extensive district of which 1 am
speaking I know of no purpose to do injustice
to peaceable Indians, although the settlers
have, as in the instance 1 have cited, suffered
not a little at their hands, and think proposi-
tions to extend reservations in central and im-
portant localities should be received with cau-
tion, especially where, as about the Pima res-
ervation, in Arizona, the agricultural lands are
becoming valuable.
But it is of the constant misrepresentation
here made of the attitude of the whites to the
hostile Indians, and of the motives of the front-
" ier representatives, that I wish mainly to
speak at this time. It is amazing that gentle-
men usually fair and well read will persist,
year after year, in using language such as the
following, used in the recent debate by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes:]
" It is those who come here for great appropria-
tions to be expended on the Army, and Army pro-
visions, and Army equipments, which are food for
the Army followers, "who have had the ear of the
Government until this time; and it is because there
is a prospect that their calling isdone for, that they
must turn to some other way in which to intrench
themselves, and can no longer do it at the expense
of the poor Indian, that we hear from every quarter
this outcry and this attempt to put down by sneers
and by ridicule the policy of peace and reason and
humanity."
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
for whose'learning and prudence I have hith-
erto had much respect, also plunged into the
debate, and put hims.elf upon the record in
assertions which he cannot sustain, and which,
if he could, would have no bearing upon the
question at issue. Among other things, he
said:
" I wish to call the attention of the House to this
historical fact, that north of us, in the British pos-
sessions, and over our southern border in Mexico,
beyond our influence, there have been no Indian
wars. There never was an Indian massacre in the
British and Russian possessions north of us. There
has been no Indian massacre even under the Mex-
ican rule. Only here, in our American belt, in our
United States alone, have wo Indian massacres.
And why? Because we have pursued the powder
and bullet plan of the gentleman from Nevada,[Mr.
Fitch,] and because we have gone out to them with
fire and sword."
As the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Dege-
ner,] the gentleman from New Mexico, [Mr.
Chaves,] and myself have asked for troops to
protect our defenseless and suffering constitu-
ents, and have protested against the indiffer-
ence here shown to our most reasonable re-
quest, I presume the words of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] were aimed
at us, and never was there a more groundless
attack, or one more inconsistent with noto-
rious and accessible facts. In his speech on
the bill for the better protection of the front-
iers of Texas, made on the 21st instant, the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. De'geser] pre-
sented a picture of the outrages perpetrated by
hostile Indians in western Texas which ought
to have convinced every one of the absolute
need of such a measure of relief as he pro-
posed. And in the debate on the Indian appro-
priation bill he enlarged on the subject, saying:
" I could tell of eases where captives were taken
to fires and the soles scorched off their feet, to pre-
vent their running away; of others who were skinned
alive; of others, portions of who.se bodies were cut
off and put in their mouths, as if to feed on. Such
are the deeds enacted on the border. In nay own
vicinity, not later ihan twelve months ago, a whole
family was laundered, and a babe was quartered and
the pieces laid upon the dead body of the grand-
father. In that condition they were found. You can
find, if you please, the particulars of that tragedy
oil recoid hero in the War Department."
His colleague [Mr. Conner] asserted that—
"During the last eighteen months over a million
and a half dollars' worth of horses and other prop-
erty have been stolen or destroyed by the Indians."
The gentleman from New Mexico [Mr.
ChavesJ has made the House familiar with
similar outrages committed in his Territory ;
and during the last session of Congress, espe-
cially in my speech of July 11, 1870, I dwelt
at length upon the havoc made by the barbar-
ous Apaches throughout Arizona and the cruel
and disgraceful neglect of the settlers there,
for such I then considered it and do now.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] if he reads the papers, as I presume
he does, cannot have failed to observe the
almost daily reports of the enormities of these
wild men since that time. They have main-
tained a " dance of blood" such as no record
of the early Indian wars discloses, and at this
hour are running riot over a great section of
country, remote, it is true, but entitled, under
the Constitution and laws of the land, to pro-
tection as much as any part of the Union.
Theirs, like that of the Apaches and Coman-
ches of western Texas and New Mexico, is no
''exceptional lawlessness," but a fixed and
untiring purpose to drive the whites from the
frontier by pillageand murder. Noris their hos-
tility, whatever their apologists may say to the
contrary, the result of any action, at anytime,
of those who are now exposed to their brutal
and relentless violence, and in whose behalf,
finding appeal to the War Department in vain,
the frontier representatives have applied to
Congress for a volunteer military force, "not
to inaugurate slaughter, but that peace may
be secured ; not to kill Indians, but to prevent
. citizens from being killed."
We have asked simply that adequate protec-
tion of life and property which was guarantied
by the very organization of the States and Ter-
ritories and the invitation to settlement upon
the frontier, and which it is the bounden obli-
gation of the Government to give, whatever the
cost. But, taking this into consideration, we
have suggested the cheapest form of military
organization possible, and yet the one likely
to prove the most effective, as has heretofore
been shown.
And because we think the so-called peace
policy not applicable to wild savages who have
shown no disposition to peace, who annually
intensify their hostility and neither give nor
ask quarter, whose hands have always been
bloody, their favorite ornaments the fiiigerand
toe nails, the teeth, hair, and small bones of
their victims, we are called army followers,
and generally and ruthlessly denounced. Again
weare pointed, as by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] whose words I have quoted,
to so-called "historical facts" to prove that
all Indian hostilities are the result of injustice
upon the part of the whites, and because war-
like Indians have been met in a warlike man-
ner. In this instance the reference is neither
new nor happy. In the British possessions
there has been no such progress of settlement
as is the rule rather than the exception under
our flag, and therefore no such contact with
the Indians. Moreover, so far as 1 have read,
the Indians there are of a wholly different class
from those we have had to contend with;
indeed, it is generally conceded, I think, that
the Comanches and the Apaches are the worst
Indians upon the continent, the most crafty,
cruel, and intractable.
The allusion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] to the absence of Indian
troubles in Mexico is strikingly unwarrant-
able, for many of the States ot Mexico, espe-
cially those in the north, have been literally
devastated by the Apache, and an "irrepressible
conflict" has existed from time immemorial.
After resort to every expedient the people are
convinced that the most severe war measures
are necessary to overcome the savage foe, and
but recently the government of Sonora and
the general government have increased the
bounty upon Apache scalps and waged a war
of extermination.
In ray own Territory hundreds of good men
have been killed by these same Indians with-
out a particle of sympathy being expressed on
the part of this Government for them, or any
effort to give better protection' to those who
survive.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man informs me that I will not disturb him if
I interrupt his remarks at ihis point. I have
been one of the persons who have expressed
some sympathy for the red man, and 1 should
like to hear from my friend from Arizona, if
it will not draw him from the course marked
out by his speech, whether he does not think
that the Government of this country has failed
in keeping its faith in its treaties with the
Indians, and whether that loss of faith, which
necessarily must follow the perfidy, if I may use
such a strong expression, on the part of the
Government, has not greatly increased these
difficulties? I agree with him that these peo-
ple are not to blame who go to settle the coun-
try; but is not the Government in its violation
of treaties largely responsible for the course
which the Indians pursue in reference to the
border settlements?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I will say
in reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin that
I think the Government is responsible for a
violation of some Indian treaties, but his ques-
tion hardly applies to my country, because, as
is well known, we have no treaty stipulations
with the Indians. We never have had treaties
with them, and there is no annual appropri-
ation made by Congress for the purpose of
