1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
41st Cong 3d Sess.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. op Reps.
"The mildness of the climate obviates the neces-
sity of preparing, at great expense and labor, the
food for animals through the winter. They subsist
without care on the native grasses of the country.
The country is abundantly watered by the springs
and head branches which feed the large streams that
flow into Red river and the Gulf of MexLeo."
The authorities of Texas years since made
an extensive and valuable grant of land for the
construction of a railroad through the State,
on the thirty-second parallel, which it is un-
derstood may be made available by the com-
pany it i3 now proposed to charter, and which
will go far to command the means needed to
insure the building of the road to the Rio
Grande, where the Government grant of land
is to begin.
4. To open and make accessible the south-
ern portion of the Territories of New Mexico
and Arizona, (the Gadsden purchase,) a district
which some have pronounced worthless, but
which is probably one of the richest mineral
regions in the world, while its pastoral re-
sources are extensive, and by a system of
irrigation, through tanks or wells, vast tracts
of land may be made available for agricultural,
orchard, and vineyard purposes. The recently
discovered gold and silver deposits at Silver
City, Ralston, and other points between the Rio
Grande and the San Pedro rivers, are among
the largest and most promising yet found upon
the continent; while it is believed that many
of the old and well-known mines about La
Mesilla, Tucson, and Tubac, and along the
Chihuahua and Sonora border and upon the
Colorado river, when worked with the protec-
tion and at the reduced rates which railroad
facilities will insure, will prove highly and
permanently remunerative. The native grasses
of much of this extensive region are, like those
of Texas, nutritious at all seasons, and sufficient
to maintain immense numbers of cattle and
sheep and to make beef and wool-growing a
profitable pursuit whenever the Indians are
quieted.
5. To accommodate the great and growing
interests of southern California. Of late this
important part of the Golden State has attracted
much attention and had large accessions to its
population. Its soil, so admirably adapted to
the growth of the vine, promises to make it
one of the first wine-producing districts of the
New World ; while of the orange, lemon, fig,
and most of the tropical fruits, its yield is large
and annually increasing. As a stock country
it is unsurpassed, and its mineral resources are
believed to compare favorably with those of
other parts of the State. Its climate is con-
ceded to be as equable and healthful as any
in the known world, and is a great attraction.
The sis counties composing what is commonly
known as southern California embrace nearly
one third of the entire State, containing more
than fifty thousand square miles, or over thirty
million acres of land, all of which must derive
direct benefit from the building of this great
road. Los Angeles and San Diego, the chief
cities, are most eligibly located, and need but
the advantages of railroad connection with the
other parts of the State and with the East to
attain large importance as commercial centers.
The latter, fixed by the bill as the western
terminus of the road, is situated upon a bay
second only in siz^ and security to that of San
Francisco, and several hundred miles more
directly in the track of vessels from China,
Japan, and the Sandwich Islands, with a har
bor the grandeur, beauty, and excellence of
which it would be difficult to exaggerate.
6. To secure the trade of the Mexican States
of Chihuahua, Sonora, and the territory of
Lower California, which would undoubtedly
most if not all of it come to a railroad built
so near to the Mexican border, and prove highly
profitable. The mineral wealth of these States
is beyond calculation. For centuries the sil-
ver mines have been far famed and their yield
has been limited only by the want of facilities
for working them or the lack of protection
from the hostile savages. In a political view,
if these States continue under the Mexican
flag, the building of a continental railroad so
near to them must make our relations more in-
timate and agreeable, while, should they come
under our own flag, as it is a popular belief they
will at no distant day, there would be no need
of a new road to develop their resources and
accommodate their trade. In any event it
will inevitably attract numerous feeders from
the republic of Mexico, and thus not only
stimulate enterprise there, but secure to our
shipping ports a greater portion of the bullion
which now seeks Europe by hazardous con-
ductas and smuggling-vessels.
7. To peacefully, speedily, cheaply, and for-
ever settle the vexatious Indian question, and
properly protect life and property where the
disturbances have been incessant, and will be,
under the wholly inadequate military force
provided and the probability (under the pres-
ent reduced state of the Army) of a still fur-
ther reduction of the same. Had the large
amounts annually expended since the acquisi-
tion of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona in a
futile attempt to protect a vast region filled
with vicious wild men by a temporizing and
mainly defensive war policy, a policy which has
encouraged the naturally hostile savage to un-
paralleled atrocities and caused the sacrifice
of thousands of sturdy pioneers who deserved
well of the Republic, been given to the build-
ing of this railroad who can doubt that it would
have proven a measure of wise public econ-
omy and have given peace and prosperity
where neither have existed? It has been well
written that'' quicker than twenty thousand sol-
diers the railway will sweep away the terrible
Apaches and Comanches, and open the land
thev have so constantly desolated to the hardy
settler with his inevitable church, school-house,
and wealth of trade."
8. To secure to the Government a large rev-
enue from a broad district now yielding com-
paratively little, a source of constant expense,
and from its exposed and inaccessible position,
however varied and valuable its resources,
likely to continue profitless without the facili-
ties afforded by such railroad and the branches
it will command. At present none but the
very richest and largest mines can be profitably
worked, and only the lands adjoining the scat-
tered towns and settlements can be tilled with
safety and to advantage. The line of the pro-
posed road passes through much so-called des-
ert country, and yet it undoubtedly touches
more fertile and valuable lands than any other
route to the Pacific, excepting perhaps the
Northern route. Besides opening a great min-
ing and stock raising district, this road will
open a new cotton, sugar, rice, and tobacco
growing area in lands of the cotton-growing
belt, that are now useless and unoccupied for
lack of facilities for transportation. It has
been truly declared by the Pacific Railroad
Committee of the Senate "a public duty " to
utilize the enormous national capital that now
lies idle in what is known as the "new South-
west." The work is of such magni tude as to be
beyond the compass of private capital, and the
vast public property and possibilities of vast
national wealth should be employed to reduce
the national debt by filling the country with
population and covering it with the taxable
products and profits of industry.
Mr. Speaker, thus I have given some of the
many reasons why, in my judgment, this House
should no longer delay the passage of a bill
to aid in the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific by the thirty-second parallel. lhey
may not be new, but to me they seem clear
and conclusive, and I am, perhaps, as familiar
with the route as any one upon tms floor. •
As a public work of great consequence, and
calculated to yield most valuable returns ; as
a measure of simple justice to the South and
to the Southwest, a measure interesting and
important alike to residents upon the Atlantic
sea-board and upon the Pacific coast, it com-
mends itself to the sympathy of all who seek
the good of the people and the development
of the whole country ; and it is my only regret
that the bill does not confer upon the company
greater advantages than those to be derived
from a simple grant of public lands.
I am of those who would have had a gener-
ous subsidy allowed, not so large, perhaps, as
that given the Pacific road already constructed,
and the advantages of which are so apparent,
but sufficient to insure the prosecution of the
great work without a moment's delay or embar-
rassment. It is my opinion that it would have
been no more than a matterof justice and right,
and an appropriation of the public money
directly in the public interest and in keeping
with the spirit of fairness and liberality which
should ever characterize a great and wealthy
nation. Famous for its triumphs of arms, its
victories of war, I would have the Republic
more famous for its triumphs of peace, its vic-
tories of labor, science, and art, and prompt to
encourage and assist its citizens of all sections
in those great and unequaled measures of in-
ternal improvement and development, of which
the railroads from the Atlantic to the Pacific—
the greatest ever projected—traversing the
whole broad country, overcoming obstacles
hitherto considered insurmountable, and bring-
ing the people into close connection and com-
munication, will be a striking and magnificent
example, at once the wonder and envy of the
civilized world.
The Ireedmcn's Bureau.
SPEECH OF HON. T. W. McNEBLY,
of illinois,
In the House op Representatives,
March 3, 1871,
On the subject of the resolution reported by the
Committee on Education and Labor, relating to
the investigation of certain oharges preferred
against General 0. 0. Howard, as Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Speaker, on the 6tb
day of last April Hon. Fernaxdo Wood, of
New York, rose in his place in this House and
charged "that General O. O. Howard, Com-
missioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands, had been guilty
of malversation and dereliction of duty." He
accompanied this charge with fifteen specific-
ations, setting out wherein this general charge
was true. The statement thus made_ by him
was referred on that day to the_ Committee on
Education and Labor, with instructions to
investigate all the charges therein contained
and with authority to send for persons and
papers. That committee, of which I was a
member, immediately entered upon the pro-
posed investigation, which lasted for two
months. At the close of the investigation
General Howard made a statement before the
committee in writing, but not under oath. On
the 13th of July the committee reported the
testimony taken by it, together with General
Howard's statement, to the House; but the
committee, not being able to agree as to
what had been proven, presented a majority
and a minority report of their views, which
were ordered to be printed with the testimony.
The majority insisted that the charges had not
been proven, and proposed a resolution tor
adoption acquitting General Howard and in-
dorsing his conduct. The minority of the
committee, consisting of Mr. Rogers of Ark-
ansas and myself, insisted that with slight
