314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[March. 3,
Ho. of Reps.
The Freedrnen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
exception the charges had been proven, and
proposed a resolution in these words:
Resolved, That a copy of the testimony taken by the
Committee on Education and Labor, in the investi-
gation of the charges made by Hon. Fernando
Wood, of New York, against Major General Oliver
0. Howard, be referred to the Secretary of War, with
directions to order a court-martial for the trial of
said Howard upon the charges so made.
And we also proposed a joint resolution,
which reads as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
Tnat tho Secretary of War be, and ho is hereby,
directed to take necessary measures to secure the
interests of the Government in the Howard Uni-
versity, its buildings andgrounds, and the lands held
by that corporation, which were paid tor by public
fund;?, and to hold the same subject to the further
action of Congress; and that the Secretary of tho
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to take neces-
sary measures to recover to the United States any
moneys drawn by General 0. 0. Howard from the
Treasury ot the United States as Commissioner of
tho Bureau of Refugees Freedrnen, and Abandoned
Lands, and disbursed in aid of churches, religious
associations, and educational institutions not in pur-
suance of law.
Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that this House
would allow a discussion of the testimony
taken before voting upon the resolutions pro-
posed by the committee. I at least had a
right to expect that my colleague upon the
committee [Mr. Rogers] and myself would be
heard in support of the charges, and that gen-
tlemen of the majority would have an oppor-
tunity of replying. But, sir, this report was
allowed to sleep on your table during this
entire session, those having it in charge refus-
ing to call it up until on yesterday, when the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Town-
send,] in the absence of the chairman, [Mr.
Arnell,] called up the resolution reported by
the majority of the committee and moved a
suspension of the rules of the House and an
adoption of the resolution. I then demauded
the right to be heard, but debate was denied,
and the resolution was adopted by this House
by a strict party vote.
Sir, I know that what I am about to say will
not lead to the adoption of any resolution upon
this subject, for the question has been settled 5
but I intend to submit to this House and the
country, and to place upon the recoids of this
Congress, a review of the facts proven before
the committee and the reasons which guided
the minority of the committee in their action.
I will be as brief as possible, and will confine
myself to a plain statement of facts j but as the
field of investigation was very wide, the testi-
mony covering five hundred closely-printed
pages, I shall claim more time than the rules
of the House would allow me in ordinary
debate.
Mr. Speaker, I shall take up and discuss the
charges against General Howard in the order
in which they were made, aud ask the atten-
tion of the House while I produce the facts
established in their support. These facts I
shall state as briefly as possible, and shall not
have time to comment upon them at any length.
Although I do not intend to allow any side issue
to draw me away from my subject, it is proper
for me to say that the remarks of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] when discuss-
ing this question, reflecting upon the conduct
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
when mayor of New York, are almost a copy,
word for word, of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Town^end,] de-
livered on this floor on the 22d day of Febru-
ary, and were then and there not only replied
to but answered by Mr. Wood. I shall add
nothing to his reply. This is an investigation
into the charges made against General How-
ard ; none other are pending.
When the committee presented the testimony
to the House last July I had the honor to pre-
sent the views of the minority, Mr. Rogers
and myself, in the form of a minority report.
Holding still to the opinions then expressed,
I shall, when considering some of the points in
my argument, follow the language of that report.
Before entering upon a discussion of the
charges it may be well to notice the assertion,
made on this floor and elsewhere, that, the
investigation was what it should have been.
As a complete answer to that I will read an
extract from the minority report:
"Before proceeding to a review of the evidence
and a statement of our views, we cannot withhold
an expression ot regret that the majority of the com-
mittee should have prevented in various ways a fair
and full investigation of the subject-matter referred
to it. In the judgment of the undersigned questions
were objected to by the majority which were proper
and should have been answered, and a time was arbi-
trarily fixed for the closing of the evidence in sup-
portof the charges which the majority of the com-
mittee would notextsnd, and when the undersigned,
as members of the committee, asked that certain
important witnesses be subpenacd, to establish im-
portant facts stated to be within their knowledge,
the request was denied and the witnesses were not
subpenaed, though they could have been produced
and their evidence taken before the investigation
was closed, and without delaying the report of the
case to the House. It was the opinion of the minor-
ity that the committee had a right to examine Gen-
eral Howard's bank account, that is to say, to inter-
rogate the book-keeper and cashier of the Freedmen's
Savings-Bank as to the private deposit account of
General Howard in that bank, and to ascertain the
amount loaned him on Government securities by
that bank: but although the bank books were before
the committee in the handsof the bank officers, the
majority refused to allow any investigation into these
accounts, nor would General Howard, who was pres-
ent, consent to such examination, though it was
asserted that such investigation would show that
large sums of public funds had been transferred to
that private account.
"The officers of the bank testified that Howard
had borrowed large sums trorn tho bank on United
States bonds, such as he held as Commissioner of
the bureau, but the majority refused to permit
further examination, tor the purpose of showing
that these bonds belonged to the retained bounty
fund, unless Mr. Wood would first state the number
and description of the bonds, a thing impossible un-
less the account itself was examined. Thequestions,
'How much money has General Howard deposited
in your bank on his individual account since he was
appointed Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau?'
and 'How much money has ho bono wed of > our
bnrik on United States bonds a«s collateral security
wero eminently proper and should have been an-
svveicd, especially as General Howard was poor when
he took charge of the bureau in 1S6<>, and in his let-
ter to Mr. Wood claims to be poor now, although he
lives in a house which he says cost him $211,000, ex-
clusive of tho land. We can well surmise the reason
why tho majority refused to permit such questions
to be answered, and why General Howard would not
consent to their answer. His statement is silent on
these and similar points. There are many other
instances of a refusal to extend the examination to
a proper limit, but those already cited will serve as
examples. The House and the country are entitled
to a searching, patient, and rigorous investigation,
but it has been denied."
It is unnecessary for me to add another word
on that point.
Mr. Speaker, itis properthat I should briefly
state the laws and official acts of the President
relating to the creation and administration of
the bureau before entering upon a discussion
of the proofs offered in support of the several
charges.
The Bureau of Refugees, Freedrnen, and
Abandoned Lands was originally organized
under a law of Congress, approved March 3,
18G5. 0. 0. Howard, major general, was
ordered to duty as Commissioner, May 10,
18(35, by the President, with full power under
the law to administer the duties devolving upon
that office by this law. This act turned over to
the bureau all the abandoned and confiscated
lands in the southern States which had been
in rebellion, and the moneys and property in
any way derived from that source. Thus large
sums of money and valuable property came
into the possession of the bureau. By proc-
lamation of the President, issued June 2,1865,
it was ordered that all military aud other offi
cers of the United States should turn over to
this bureau, and its agents, all property, funds,
lands, records, in any way connected with freed •
men and refugees. The act approved June 10,
1805, required all disbursing officers ot the Uni
ted States having any public money intrusted
to them to deposit the same with the Treasurer
or some one of the Assistant Treasurers of the
United States. By the A rmy appropriation bill,
approved July 13,1866, the following sums were
appropriated for the support of the bureau:
For salaries of assistant and sub-assistant
commissioners, $147,500,
For salaries of clerks, $82,800.
For stationery and printing, $03,000,
For quarters and fuel, $15,900.
For clothing for distribution, $1,170,000.
For commissary stores, $3,160,250.
For medical department, $500,000.
For transportation, $1,320,000.
For school superintendents, $21,000,
For repairs and rent of school-houses and
asylums, $500,000.
For telegraphing, $18,000.
By the act of July 16, I860, the act of March
3, 1805, was amended so as to further extend
the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau.
By the act making appropriations for the
support of the Army, approved March 2, 1867,
the following sums were appropriated for this
bureau:
For salaries of assistantcommissioners, sub-
assistant commissioners, and agents, $147,500.
For salaries of clerks, $82,800.
For stationery and printing, $63,000.
For quarters and fuel, $200 000.
For commissary stores, $1,500,000.
For medical department, $500,000,
For transportation, $800,000.
For school superintendents, $25,000,
For buildings for schools and asylums,
including construction, rental, and repairs,
$500,000.
For telegraphing and postage, $18,000.
The act also authorized the Commissioner
to apply any balance on hand at the date of
its approval, of the refugees and freedmen's
fund, accounted for in his last annual report,
to aid educational institutions actually incor-
porated for loyal refugees and freedrnen ; and
it provided, further, that no agent or clerk, not
heietofore authorized by law, should receive a
monthly allowance exceeding the sum of $200.
March 2, 1867, an act was approved entitled
<lAn act to regulate an irregular fund in the
custody of the Freedmen's Bureau." This
law gave to the Commissioner the custody of
the retained bounty fund, belonging to colored
soldiers, but required it to be converted into
bonds of the United States.
By a joint resolution approved March 29,
1867, the Commissioner was authorized to re-
ceive and disburse all moneys due to colored
soldiers belonging to the southern States, and
44 to be held responsible for safe custody and
faithful disbursement of the same."
July 6, 1868, an act was approved to con-
tinue in force the Freedmen's Bureau in those
States which had not been restored to the
Union, and to apply unexpended balances in
the hands of the Commissioner to educational
purposes, subject to the existing laws applica-
ble thereto.
By a joint resolution passed July 25, 1868, it
was provided that the bureau should be dis-
continued on the 1st of January. 1869, but that
its educational department and the moneys
held by the Commissioner due to culoied sol-
diers, sailors, and marines, should continue in
his hands until otherwise ordered.
Now, sir, we shall see what has been done
under this authority, and to what purposes
these vast sums of money thus appropriated
have been applied, as we consider these various
charges made by Mr. Wood.
"Charge 1.—That he (General 0. O.Howard) hns
taken from the appiopriations made tor and the
receipts of that bureau more than five hundred
thousand doliais, unpronei iy and without. ;iny au-
thoutv of law, for the Howard university, hospital,
and lands."
The evidence adduced in -support of this
charge was voluminous, and occupied the time
of the committee for weeks.
