1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 319
41st Cong....3d Sess.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. op Reps.
" Question. To whom?
"Answer. Two men were employed by Mr. Barber.
I employ Barber to do it, and he pays his own men.
Barber is paid forty dollars a month for the care of
the university.
" Question. Are the headquarters of the bureau now
in the university building?
"Answer. Yes. sir; those furnaces heat the offices
of the bureau. We could not beat the offices of the
bureau without heating the offices of the university.
"Question. Do you furnish the fuel for these fur-
naces ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. And they heat the entire building ?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
No part of these expenses are paid by the
university. Thus we see that at this very
moment General Howard is taking money from
the Treasury—the people's pocket—with which
to heat the rooms of the professors and stu-
dents of that college. Sir, he takes money
from your Treasury to hire firemen for that
university. Who can point to any law justify-
ing all this?
Perhaps the most extraordinary part of this
entire scheme is that which relates to the hos-
pital. The Commissioner, General Howard,
builds a hospital, at great cost, out of Gov-
ernment funds, fills it with invalids and pau-
pers from this District and adjoining States,
givesit to a private corporation, " incorporated
for the education of the youth," supports these
invalids and paupers at Government expense,
and pays that private corporation $5,000 ayear
as rent for the hospital which he thus builtand
gave them, the corporation paying nothing for
its erection. The minutes of the meeting of
the trustees of this corporation state that the
proposition of General Howard to give money
to erect these buildings out of Government
funds was discussed by them with " lively inter-
est.'' No wonder! Its injustice to the Gov-
ernment, as a gross misappropriation of its
funds, is in keeping with the other operations
of the bureau and kindred doings by the same
parties about the same time. General Howard
in his statement confesses that " the eighth
charge istrue;" and yet his party in this House
on yesterday voted him the thanks of the coun-
try for what he has done!
"Charge 9.—That he draws three salaries, namely,
one as biigadier ^eneial in the United States Army,
another as Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and a third as head of iloward University."
This charge was not fully sustained. It was
not proved that General Howard drew three
salaries: only two salaries were shown to have
been drawn by him at the same time, though
an additional compensation salary was allowed
him by the trustees of Howard University for
obtaining donations and subscriptions in aid
of that institute. General Howard is a major
general in the United States Army,^ and draws
the pay and perquisites as such, which amount
to $9,000 per year. This he has drawn regu-
larly, and continues to draw until this time.
He is also president of Howard University,
and the minutes of the trustees were put in
evidence, containing this record of their pro-
ceedings :
"Friday evening. September 10, 1869, (page 87 rec-
ord book.)—Mr. Bascom moved thatthe salary ot
the president of the university be £5,000 when he
shnl! perloriu full duties.and tor partial services his
compensation shall be paid by special vote ot the
bo.ud. Passed."
Another extract from the minutes is as fol-
lows:
"June 9, 1S69, (page 82 record book.)—On motion
of Mr. Bascom, it was ordered that the president be
authorized to raise money for this m^u'ntion, and
be authorized to give receipts for the same.
Under this resolution General Howard ad-
mitted that he drew compensation for travel-
ing expenses and an allowance of pay for the
time occupied in thisdnty. It was not proved
that he drew any salary as Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau, no evidence being
offered to sustain that allegation ; but the above
three several sources of revenue to him was
shown, which is sufficient to sustain the sub-
stance of the charge, and is in direct violation
of the Army regulations, which preclude Army
officers from transacting any other than offi-
cial business or receiving any other compen-
sation. It was impossible to ascertain what
other salaries or compensations he received,
the majority of the committee excluding testi-
mony which did n ot refer directly to the charge.
Thus no testimony was allowed which would
show payment of anything to General Howard
outside of the three salaries alleged in this
charge. There can be but little doubt that he
must have been in receipt of- large sums from
other sources. In the course of the examina-
tion it came out that he was in the incumbency
of the following-named positions, namely:
major general United Slates Army; Commis
sioner Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and
Abandoned Lands; president of Howard Uni-
versity ; director of Building-Block Company ;
treasurerand trustee of Barry farm fund ; presi-
dent of Young Men's Christian Association;
treasurer First Congregationalist church build-
ing fund, and vice president Freedmen's Sav- •
ings-Bank.
" Charge 11.—He has advanced a large sum from
the funds of the Bureau to the Young Men's Chris-
tian Association of this city, taking their bonds in
payment, which have been sent to Tennessee to help
the freedmen's schools in that State."
This specification was fully proved. One of
the witnesses called to sustain this accusation
was John Ogden, principal of the Fisk Uni-
versity, Nashville, Tennessee, who testified
that in August, 1869, he made application to
General Howard to assist him in building the
Fisk University ; that in consequence of this
application an appropriation was made by the
bureau to him of $2,500; but that when he
eame to Washington to receive the amount
General Howard gave him but $1,000 in money,
the balance ($1,500) beinggiven in the stocks
or bonds of the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation in lieu of money. This whole sum of
$2,500 is charged as cash in the payments to
incorporated institutions, drawn from the ref-
ugees and freedmen's fund. The Fisk Uni-
versity continued to hold this security until
ten days after the commencement of this in-
vestigation, when General Howard, becoming
alarmed, sent the following telegraphic dis-
patch from Philadelphia to Ogden, which was
put in evidence:
APKIL 16,1870.
Professor Ogden, Fisk University:
Am here for Sunday lectures. Please draw on me
for $1,500 and interest tl-om January, at Freed men s
Savings-Bank, Washington. I wish to fulfill my
guarantee now. O.O.HOWARD.
It is perhaps proper to say that when the
witness was required to produce this dispatch
it was without date. That partot it had been
torn out, but after some inquiry and search
the witness found it concealed in his pocket-
\>ook.
Thus it is evident that Howard had in Au-
gust, 1869, put the $1,500 charged to the Fisk
University into his own pocket, or^ into the
treasury of the Young Men s Christian Asso-
ciation, turning the bond over to the Fisk Uni-
versity as so much cash, but finding after taat
the charges made againsf him were to be invest
igated,and that this with others would receive
attention, he sought to retrieve this little mat-
ter by paying it up out of his own pocket. Tins
was but a small part of the dealings of Gen-
eral Howard in Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation stock. '
Mr. Henrv D. Cooke, banker, of the firm of
Jay Cooke & Co., testified tbat he was treas-
urer of the building fund of the Young Men s
Christian Association for the construction of
the new buildings put up in 1868 and 1869
by that association; tbat he was a niember
of the building association of the Young
Men's Christum Association, which is a■ jo'"'
stock company, and was treasurer, and had
charge of the finances; that General Howard
was also a member of the building associa-
tion, and was vice president of the company.
As a member of the committee, I asked the
witness (Cooke) to produce the books of that
association, showing the number and amount
of bonds or stock issued to General Howard.
He refused to do this, and the majority of the
committee sustained him in his refusal, and
ruled that he should produce only an abstract,
showing certain dealings on the part of Gen-
eral Howard with tbat association. The
committee were not permitted to examine the
book for themselves, and were limited to such
abstracts as Cooke chose to present. It seemed
strange that a Christian association had had
such transactions with the Freedmen's Bureau
that it was afraid or ashamed to show that part
of its cash-book, but such was the fact. From
the abstract or statement, however, as thus
furnished, it appeared that General Howard
subscribed and paid, on the 24th September,
1868, for two hundred and fifty shares of stock,
which were sold by him on the same day to
Howard University; that between that date
and March 11, 1870, there were transferred
to and by him sold to others stock to .the
amount of $23,300; and that stock to the
amount of $10,750 remained on the books in
his name at that time. It was also shown that
the Freedmen's Savings Bank had made to him
loans on this stock, and that he was indebted
to that bank in the sum of $6,000 for money
'so loaned on this stock, pledged as collateral
security. The only answer Howard makes to
this charge is that it is not true, but admits that
he bought some of the stock, which he subse-
quently transferred to the Fisk University.
"Charge 12.—That be caused, or knowingly allowed,
lands in this city owned by an officer of the bureau
to be translerred to a ireedmen's school in North
Carolina, the officer taking the money appropriated
for that school and the school the land in this city,
thus perpetrating a fraud both upon the Government
and the freedmen."
The evidence adduced in support of this
charge went much further than the charge
itselt'in implicatingGeneral Howard. Instead
of " an officer of the bureau," it went directly
to show that it was General Howard himself
who was the party who had made this transfer.
Proof was produced to the following facts: the
St. Augustine Normal School of North Caro-
lina had made an application to the bureau
for aid. Its principal, J. Brinton Smith, had
visited Washington in person for this object,
and had received several sums from that
source. He again applied for aid to complete
a school-house for that institution at Ral-
eigh in October, 1868. General Howard en- -
couraged him to make this application, and
caused an amount to be transferred from the
Barry farm fund ostensibly for that purpose.
The origin, character, and managers of this
fund will be fully considered when I come to
the next charge, which refers to that subject.
The account-current of this fund, as made up
and approved by the treasurer, General How-
ard, was putin evidence by Major S. M. Clarke,
the secretary of the board at that time, and
shows a credit to the fund of S8,461 io as
having been paid to the St. Augustine Normal
School on the 9th October, 1868. The same
witness produced the following copy of the
receipts on file, showing a voucher for the
disbursement of this sum :
St. adgcstiye >Toe:jal a.n-d
Collegiate Isstitcte,
Raleigh, JJokth Cirolika, October 9.1868.
Received of General O. 0; Howard treasurer edu-
catiouai fund, the suai of £8,-1(51 75. by ueea 01 por-
tion of *quai c 1020. Washington, D. 0., duly stamped
and recorded in the register's office ot the city ot
Washington, D. C.   •/ ,
R. L. President.
K. P. CATTLE,
Secretary and Treftfnirer.
Instead of this school receiving the cash
pretended to be transferred to it to complete
