320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March
Ho. oe Reps.
The Freedmen's Bureau—Mr. McNeely.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
the school-house, General Howard caused
Smith to take a piece of land in Washington,
belonging to himself individually, and took to
himself the cash instead of giving it to the
school. Mr. Smith, the principal, swears that
the reason Howard gave for this was that he
■was building a residence in Washington and
needed the money for its erection.
The history of this land is as follows: on
the 8th of July, 1867, General O. O. Howard
bought of Frederick W. Jones block No. 1025,
in Washington, for $10,876. Deed recorded
in Liber E C B, No. 12, folio 70, land rec-
ords, Washington city. This land was con-
veyed to him as an individual, and not as a
public officer. It was proved that he paid for
it partly from his own private means and partly
from money intrusted to him for benevolent
uses. It was a portion of this block that Gen-
eral Howard conveyed to the. St. Augustine
Normal School, Raleigh, North Carolina, (and
is the land referred to iy this charge,) instead
of the money voted by the trustees of the Barry
farm fund, he being treasurer of the board.
This deed is dated September. 30, 1868; con-
sideration, $8,461 75; recorded, October 3,
1868, Liber D, No. 1, folio 68. The consid-
eration money named in this deed is the pre-
cise sum that is charged in the accounts of the
fund to this school. Both are matters of offi
cial record, and speak for themselves.
General Howard, in his defense, claims that
$1,000 of the money paid by him for purchase
of this land was paid from a fund furnished'
him by the Freedmen's Union Commission
from England, sent him for investment in land
for freedmen. Why, then, did he take the deed
to the land in his own name, in his individual
capacity? Why did he sell the laud and use
the proceeds of its sale for his own private
purposes? There is no evidence to show that
the freedmen ever received any benefit from
the money thus putin his hands as a donation;
but the proof is that he put the money in his
resideuce. General Howard, in justification
of this transaction, says it was a good invest-
ment for the Raleigh school. Of course it was,
costing it nothing. It was also proved that this
St. Augustine school did not need these funds,
that the land bad been purchased and the build-
ings erecied, and that the school was out of
debt. Of this General Howard was fully in-
formed at the time. What right, therefore,
had Geueial Howard to thus aid this school,
when it needed no aid ? It is in evidence that
the school still holds this land in Washington.
.W e see no reason for this transaction, except
that it furnished General Howard an opportu-
. nity to put public funds into his private purse.
Even if there was law for granting such aid,
no man can pretend that there was any neces-
sity for such appropriation to this school. This
transaction is a palpable fraud on the public
Treasury.
But, sir, let us see what became of the other
portion of this square No. 1025. A deed put
in evidence, as well as the testimony of several
witnesses, shows that General O. 0. Howard
sold it to D. L. Eaton, C. H. Howard, E.
Whittlesey, J. W. Alvord, D. H. Bliss, and
11. li. Searie, his partners in the Building-
Block Company, for $5,000; deed dated 13th
September, 1868 ; recorded October 3, 1868,
Liber D, No. 1, Folio 68, land record, Wash-
ington city. But perhaps the most startling
part of the history of this transaction is this:
that in March, 1869, long after General How-
ard had sold this portion of the square to this
Building Block Company, General Howard,
wiih money in his hands as Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau, graded and leveled it
and otherwise improved it at great expense.
The contract under which this was done will
be found on page 211 of the testimony. It is
dated March 1, 1869, and provides that pay-
ments for the work to be done shall "be made
after inspection and acceptance of the work by
an officer or agent designated by the Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands."
Mr. Brown, the then disbursing agent for the
bureau in this District, testified that the money
paid out for this grading, &c., by the bureau
amounted to $32,973 33. All this was done,
as the contract and testimony shows, " by
command of Brevet Major General O. O.
Howard, Commissioner Freedmen's Bureau."
Here we see this vast sum of money, intended
to be used for the sole benefit of the negroes,
expended by General Howard in improving a
piece of ground belonging to his brother and
other partners in this Building-Block Company
six months after he bad sold it to them. Not one
cent of this money was ever repaid by the com-
pany to either the Government or the bureau.
And yet, in the face of these facts, proven
beyond a doubt, and not even denied by Gen-
eral Howard, this House on yesterday, by a
strict party vote, approved of the conduct of
General Howard I
"Charge 13.—1That he was interested in the pur-
chase of a farm of about three hundred acres near
the Lunatic Asylum in this county, for which the
public funds and other property of the Government
weie used. Buildings were erected thereon, built
of lumber belonging to the Government, and others
let or sold to freedmen at exorbitant prices; and
that he and his brother, Charles Howard, were per-
sonally interested in this transaction as a private
pecuniary speculation."
This charge refers to the Barry farm oper-
ation. Its history is as follows : General
Howard and his brother, Charles Howard, his
assistant commissioner, projected this enter-
prise. He set aside a part of what he called
his " educational fund " for this purpose.
Having matured his plans, he created a board
of trustees, naming himself, S. C. Pomeroy,
Senator from Kansas, and John R. Elvans, a
hardware merchant of Washington, with whom
he had large private moneyed transactions and
speculations. These persons constituted the
board to have the management and control of
this fund and the land and buildings bought
with it. His brother Charles was made the
manager and executive operator, with author-
ity to make purchases, contracts, and disburse-
ments. He was allowed to draw a monthly
pay of $83 33 for his services, though at the
same time in receipt of his pay as assistant
commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau.
The beginning of operations was the pur-
chase of a large tract of land near the Lunatic
Asylum, opposite Washington city. This was
bought of David Barry for $52,000, deed dated
20th April, 1867; recorded in Liber EC B,
No. 4, folio 188. The money to pay for this
land was drawn from the Treasury. A certified
copy of the requisition upon the Treasury for
$52,000 to pay for it was put in evidence, and
admitted by General Howard. A singular part
of this stage of the proceedings is the fact that
this sum could not be traced to any bank, nor
does it appear in the accounts. It was shown
that General Howard, as treasurer of the
Barry farm fund, kept the account of that fund
in the Freedmen's Savings Bank, but on ex-
amination of that account at the bank no such
sum appeared. General Howard's private
account was notexamined, the majority of the
committee, as before stated, refusing to per-
mit its examination, though demanded by the
minority—Mr. Rogers and myself—and by
Mr. Wood. General Balloch produced a state-
ment of the accounts of the bureau, in which
he charges $77,000 as having been paid to
the Barry farm fund, thus showing that that
amount had been received by General How-
ard for that account-
It was also proven that the trustees of the
Barry farm fund had put up buildings for sale
and rent on the land and had received several
sums from that source; but the account, as
kept by General Howard, as treasurer, in the
Freedmen's Savings-Bank, showed that the
amountof deposits from June 27,1867, to June
1,1870, was only $52,515 13, andthat $10,000
of this had been transferred by General How-
ard to the First Congregationalist church of
Washington. As treasurer of the Barry farm
fund he charges this $10,000 as having been
paid to the Normal School of Richmond,
Virginia. He credits, in the same account,
$8,461 75 as having been paid to the St.
Augustine Normal School. North Carolina,
but no such sum appears upon the books of
the Freedmen's Savings Bank as having been
drawn at all from that fund on any account.
It was found impossible to trace it any further
than to the pocket of General Howard. How
it got there, in what form, and through what
particular method is not shown. As before
stated, the Raleigh school received land, and
not money, and the land was the private prop-
erty of General Howard, he transferring it
instead of money.
The Barry farm fund account, kept by him
as treasurer, charges to that fund $8,461 75,
as so much cash paid the school. As he had
charge of the funds and the accounts, there
can be no question as to who received this
cash ; it may be found in his private accounts,
which we were not permitted to examine by
the ruling of the majority, and which Gen-
eral Howard, though present, would not con-
sent to.
In the examination of the accounts of the
Barry farm fund, as flat in evidence and
proven by Major S. M. Clarke, the following
facts appeared: in 1867 and 1868 Clarke was
the bureau agent and inspector for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and, having the confidence
of General Howard, was appointed to examine
and arrange the records of the Barry farm
fund. He found several discrepancies, wrong
entries, and deficiencies. There was a defi-
ciency in the fund of $2,218 14, which it was
alleged was made by a clerk, whose note was
taken as payment for it, but who has been since
retained in the bureau notwithstanding. It
appears, also, that on a former balance of the
account, a surplus, unaccounted for, of $800
had been drawn by General Howard himself,
on the alleged ground that it must have been
put in by him, in some way, by mistake.
Among the assets of the fund in this ac-
count was a note drawn by John R. Elvans,
and indorsed by General Howard, for $3,000,
which General Howard loaned him from this
fund. This note was counted as cash. This
is the same Elvans who was, at the time, one
of Jibe three persons who constituted the board
of trustees of this fund. Elvans furnished the
hardware used in putting up the building-! for
freedmen on the Barry farm, directions to buy
of him having been given by General Howard.
He also furnished the hardware required in
the erection of the Howard University build-
ings, by the same authority. Elvans swears
that such directions were given because " he
was the only Republican hardware merchant"
in the city. It further appeared in the ac-
counts presented by Clarke, and proved by
him, that General Howard had used $3,000
of this fund, and that lie presented as a voucher
a resolution of the board, purporting to give
him authority for doing so. Clarke testified
that he told Howard he could not admit the
resolution as a sufficient voucher and could
not balance the accounts upon such a paper.
Howard then withdrew the copy of the resolu-
tion, and put in his individual note as a
voucher; this note was for $3,077 50. The
account, therefore, as made up at that lime,
March, 1809. showed these notes—one of El-
vans's lor $3,000 and one ol Howard's for
$3,077 50—as so much of the assets of this
fund to its credit on the books.
Thus stood the books until April, 1870, after
this investigation began, when Clarke, being
again requested to examine and balance the
