32 i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Bight of Action, dcc.—Mr. Lawrence.
41st Cong....3b Sess.
part of the amount received and spent came
from abandoned and confiscated confederate
property. That is not named in the amount
appropriated by Congress. There is no other
statement of the sum received fro m this source
than that which is given by the bureau itself.
The whole amount which came into the pos-
session of Howard and his numerous agents
in the late confederate States is within his and
their knowledge alone.
Mr. Speaker, the Freedraen's Bureau has
occupied so much of public attention for the
past six years and has excited so much bitter
discussion between the two great political par-
ties that 1 have felt it my duty to give to the
House and to the country this review of that
part of the operations of the Preedmen's Bu-
reau which the majority of the committee per-
mitted to come before it in the way of public
documents and testimony of witnesses.
Jn conclusion let me say that I am conscious
that what I have here presented and the evi-
dence elicited give but an imperfect view of
the transactions of this bureau and of the con-
duct of General Howard and those who acted
underhim. That this excrescence on our body-
politic was established and has been used for
partisan purposes and to secure party suprem-
acy is too manifest to require further illustra-
tion here. There has scarcely been a decent
attempt or pretense to disguise or conceal this
fact. For this purpose General Howard was
selected as the principal agent, and millions
of the people's money placed at his absolute
control and that of his accomplices, with m>
sufficient checks or guards to protect the pub-
lic and secure an honest administration of the
fund, for the ostensible purpose for which it
was established. This fund, placed in the
hands of General Howard, wrung from the
sweat and toil of a tax-burdened people, ex-
ceeded the entire revenues and expenditures
of the Federal Government for all purposes
during the eight years of Washingfon'sadmin-
istration. The field of his operations was
greater in area than that of Prance, Prussia,
Austria, Italy, Great Britain, and Ireland.
Such opportunities and temptations were never
before in the history of the world held out to
a gang oj'eager and hungry cormorants. The
means of covering up their tracks and conceal-
ing their frauds were ample and complete, and
the means of detection imperfect and elusive.
The facts elicited have been gotten at with
difficulty, and were mainly wrung from reluc-
tant and unwilling witnesses. They give but a
glimpse into the dark and wicked machinations
that can only be fully revealed when all man-
kind stand unmasked at the bar of final accounts.
The evidence is fast disappearing, most of it
being in the control of those implicated; and
even with a committee or tribunal anxious to
drag these transactions into the light of day,
but a comparatively small portion of the pecu-
lations of the agents of the bureau could now
be exposed. That the party which employed
this bureau as ati effective and valuable partisan
agency should now hesitate to bring its agents
to the bar of public judgment for their frauds
and evil deeds, and should put obstacles in the
way of those who desire to elicit the truth, is,
perhaps, not a matter of great surprise. They
at least did the party work well for which they
were employed, and their peculations must
now be covered up or winked at; but these
evasions will not longer satisfy an indignant
public. The people are tired of being plun-
dered to keep any party in power; and those
who have robbed the people of their hard earn-
ings, aud in the name of humanity and Chris-
tian philanthropy have first misled, duped, and
debauched, and then swindled the ignorant
negroes, whom they pretended to befriend,
cannot always escape a just retribution for
their hypocrisy and their crimes.
Right of Action for Injuries arising from
the Sale of. Intoxicating liquors.
REMARKS OF HON.W. LAWRENCE,
OF OHIO,
Ik the House op Representatives,
March 8, 1871,
On the bill(H. R. No. 2607) to give a right of action
in certain cases.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, during
the present session of Congress I deemed it my
duty to introduce a bill (H. K. No. 2607) " to
give a right of action in certain cases," which
was referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia. That committee modified it
somewhat, reported it to the House, and it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
substantially, as follows:
Be it enacted, (fee., That in the District of Colum-
bia every wife, child, parent, guardian, husband,
employer, or other person who shall be injured in
person, property, means of support, or otherwise, by
any intoxicated person, or by reason of the intoxica-
tion of any person, directly or indirectly, shall have
a right of action in his or her own name against any
person or persons who shall, by selling any intoxi-
cating liquor, havecausod or contributed tosuch in-
toxication, or shall have caused, in whole or in part,
the intoxication of such person or persons; and that
in-any such action the plaintiff shall have a right to
recover all damages resulting from intoxication to
the plaintiff; and that in every action by any wife
or husband proof that the parties lived together
openly and avowedly as husband and wife shall be
prima .facie evidence of such relation; and the
amount recovered by every wife shall be her sole
and separate property.
This bill has attracted the attention some-
what of the newspaper press, of public assem-
blages and societies, and of the people. It
has met with approval all over the country
from many of the best men in it. That there
are those who are opposed to its provisions I
do not, entertain any doubt; but if so, I have
heard of no one having the courage to attack
it in the press, or in any public assemblage of
the country. The very emphatic and decided
vote by which this House ordered it to be
engrossed for a third reading shows the de-
termination of this House or its judgment on
this measure.
It is a rule in the proceedings of this House,
when a bill is ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, that it cannot be put upon its
passage, if any member objects, until it is
actually and in fact engrossed by the Clerk.
This objection is rarely ever raised; but when
this bill was ordered to be engrossed it met
with that unusual objection, and so a vote on
its passage was thus and at that time pre-
vented ; and now it is certain that it cannot,
according to the course of business, be reached
during this Congress. But a few short hours
of this Congress remain, and with its close
this measure for the present must fail, not
because it does not meet the approval of Con-
gress or the country, but by reason of the par-
liamentary objections to which I have alluded,
and for want of time.
It is to be regretted, I think, by every phi-
lanthropist that this bill has failed. I have no
personal vanity to gratify in the success of this
measure. I have no personal interest in it not
common to citizens generally. I have no pride
of opinion to gratify, and, I trust, no political
or partisan or ambitious or personal object to
accomplish or subserve by securing its success.
If I had I would freely confess to the truth of
the sentiment that—■
" If self the wavering balance shake,
It's rarely right adjusted."
But I do not even claim the credit of origin-
ality. Provisions somewhat similar to this
have been incorporated into the laws of more
than one State of this Union, and, if I am
correctly informed, have been ingrafted on
one Stale constitution. It is merely supple-
mentary to the laws enacted in many States to
regulate or restrain the sale of intoxicating
liquors. Such measures have, I know, been
sadly neglected in this District and in this cap-
ital. It was not always so. There is an old,
forgotten statute, which is still in force, but
which seems to have fallen into disuse, to
which I wish to call the atten'ion of the House.
I find in the Laws of Maryland, volume
two, (Annapolis, 1800,) chapter forty-five—
"An act concerning the territory of Columbia and
the city of Washington. (Lib. j. G-., No. 1, folio
431.")
This is the act which cedes the Maryland
portion of the District of Columbia to the
United States. The twelfth section provides
as follows:
" And if any person shall retail or sell any distilled
spirits, mixed or unmixed, in less quantity than ten
gallons to the same person, or at the same time act-
ually delivered, he or she shall forfeit for every such
sale three pounds, to be recovered and applied as
aforesaid."
I do not propose to go into a discussion of
the policy or effect of statutes to regulate, license,
restrain, or prohibit the sale of intoxicating
liquors now. That has been done in a thou-
sand forms and more, in the pulpit, in public
assemblages, in private discussion, in many
societies, in learned and labored essays, in vol-
umes, great and small, ecclesiastical, med-
ical, physiological, philanthropic, political, and
otherwise. The press has been full of the dis-
cussion ; it has attracted the attention of states-
men, of poets, of men of science, of the learned
and the unlearned, everywhere. This partic-
ular measure has not had so full a share of
examination or discussion.
But it merits equally the consideration of
of men every shade of thought and opinion,
of every pursuit, and of whatever attainment.
I have already presented some of the reasons
in its favor.
But as it cannot now become a law, I desire,
among the last acts of my public life in Con-
gress, as a tribute to public and private justice,
and to the good of my countrymen and man-
kind, once more to bear my humble testimony
in behalf of this measure, in the hope that the
next, or some future Congress, may perfect ■
the work already begun. I desire simply to
perform a duty to humanity, and then to leave
the issues with those who shall occupy these
halls hereafter, with our countrymen, and
with God.
And, now, this bill is just. It introduces no
new principle ; it makes a new application of
an old principle. One of the wise maxims of
the common law affirms that " ubi jus ibi
remedium"—(1 Term Reports, 512; Broom's
Legal Maxims, 180)—where there is a right
there should be a remedy.
This maxim, it is said—
" Has been considered so valuable that it gave
occasion to the first invention of that form of action
called an action on the case."
As the statute of Westminster 2 (13 Edward
I, chapter 24) declares; .
"Lestit happen for the future that the court of
our lord the king be deficient in doing justice to the
suitors."
Lord Holt onee very forcibly observed:
"Thatif men will multiply injuries, actions must
be multiplied too, for every man that is injured
ought to have his recompense." (Millar vs. Taylor,
4 Burr., 2341; 2 Lord Kaym., 955.)
And now, will any man deny the justice of
these principles? Will any one deny the jus-
tice of applying them to injuries arising from
intoxication? Will any deny that there is a
necessity for this measure? I certainly can-
not envy the head or the heart that could do
this, and if such there should be, it might well
seem like " casting pearls " before unwilling
auditors that could not be convinced, to argue
with them.
If the vender of intoxicating drinks will sell
liquors and cause intoxication, which murdera
