330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25.
41st Coua....3r> Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Standard in color, and on all refined loaf, lump,
crushed, powdered, and granulated sugar, four
cents per pound: Provided, That the Secretary
shall, by regulation, prescribe and require that
samples from packages of sugar shall be taken
by the proper officers, in such manner as to
ascertain the true quality of such sugar; at-.d
the weights of sugar imported in casks or
boxes shall be marked distinctly by the custom-
house weigher, by scoring the figures indelibly
on each package: And provided further, That
all sirup of sugar, sirup of sugar-cane juice,
melada, concentrated melada, or concentrated
molasses, entered under the name of molasses,
shall be forfeited to the United States.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
Chap. VII.—An Act making Appropriation
for Revenue Cutters.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of three
hundred thousand dollars be, and the same
hereby is, appropriated, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to con-
struct steam cutters for the revenue marine
service, the same not to exceed in tonnage the
maximum recommended by the commission
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
December sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine.
Approved, Decsmber 22, 1870.
Chap. VIII.—-An Act to authorize the Jersey
Shore National Bank, Pennsylvania, to
change its Location.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
, Congress assembled. That the Jersey Shore
National Bank, now located in Jersey Shore,
Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, is hereby
authorized to change its location to the city
of Williamsport, Lycoming county, State of
Pennsylvania. Whenever the stockholders
representing three fourths of the capital of said
bank, at a meeting callcd for that purpose, de-
termine to make such change, the president and
cashier shall execute a certificateunder the cor-
porate seal of the bank specifying such determ-
ination, and shall cause the same to be recorded
in the office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
and thereupon such change of location shall be
effected, and the operations of discount and
deposit of said bank shall be carried on under
the name of the Williamsport National Bank,
in the city of Williamsport, Lycoming county,
State of Pennsylvania.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act contained shall be so con-
strued as in any manner to release the said
bank from any liability, or aifect any action
or proceeding in law in which the said bank
may be a party or interested. And when such
change shall have been determined upon as
aforesaid, notice thereof and of such change
shall be published in at least two weekly news-
papers in the aforesaid county of Lycoming,
State of Pennsylvania, for not less than four
successive weeks.
Approved, December 22, 1870.
Chap. XV.—An Act in relation to certain
Territorial Penitentiaries.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the penitentiary which
has been, or may hereafter be, erected by the
United States in any organized Territory there-
of, shall, when the same is ready for tho recep-
tion of convicts, be placed under the care and
control of the marshal of the United States
for the Territory or District in which such pen-
itentiary may be situate.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
is hereby made the duty of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States to prescribe all need-
ful rules and regulations for the government
of such penitentiary, and the marshal having
charge thereof shall cause them to be duly and
faithfully executed and obeyed. The reason-
able compensation of such marshal and of his
deputies, for their services under this act and
said regulations, shall be fixed by the Attorney
General; and it and the expense incident to
the subsistence and employment of offenders
against the law's of the United States, who
have been or may hereafter be sentenced to
imprisonment in such penitentiary, shall be
chargeable on and payable out of the fund for
defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecu-
tions for offences committed against the Uni-
ted States: Provided, That this act shall not
be construed to increase the maximum com-
pensation now allowed by law to those officers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
person convicted by a court of competent juris-
diction in a Territory, for a violation of the
laws thereof, and sentenced to imprisonment,
may, at the cost of such Territory, on such
terms and conditions as may be prescribed by
such rules and regulations, be received, sub-
sisted, and employed in such penitentiary
during the term of his or her imprisonment,
in the same manner as if he or she had been
convicted of an offence against the laws of the
United States.
Approved, January 10, 1871.
Chap. XVI.—An Act relating to the Printing
of the Annual Report of the Secretary of
War.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of the Congressional Printer, in place of the
twenty-five hundred copies of the abridgment
of the annual report of the Secretary of War
ordered by section one of the act of July
twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, to cause to be printed and bound for the
use of the War Department eight hundred full
copies of the last annual report and accom-
panying documents.
Approved, January 10, 1871.
Chap. XXL—An Act makftag an additional
Appropriation for the Improvement of the
Louisville and Portland Canal for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the additional sum
of two hundred thousand dollars be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the improvement of the Louisville and
Portland canal during the current fiscal year,
to be expended in accordance with existing
laws; and for the completion of the section
work at the Des Moines rapids, three hundred
and forty-one thousand dollars.
Approved, January 18, 1871.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to authorize the Refunding of
the National Debt."
Be it enacted by the Senate anil House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the amount of bonds
authorized by the act approved July fourteen,
eighteen hundred and seventy, entitled "An
act to authorize the refunding of the national
debt," to be issued bearing five per centum
interest per annum, be, and the same is, in-
creased to five hundred millions of dollars, and
the interest of any portion of the bonds issued
under said act, or this act, may, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be made
payable quarter-yearly: Provided, however,
That this act shall not be construed to author-
ize any increase of the total amount of bonds
provided for by the acjt to which this act is an
amendment.
Approved, January 20, 1871.
cifap. XXIV.—An Act ceding certain Juris-
diction to the State of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the jurisdiction over
the place purchased for the location of the
" National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers," under and by virtue of the act of Con-
gress of March third, eighteenhundredand sixty-
five, entitled "An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States," and the act
of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, amendatory thereto, and upon which
said asylum is located, is hereby ceded to the
State of Ohio, and relinquished by the United
States. And the United States shall claim or
exercise no jurisdiction over said place after
the passage of this act: Provided, That noth-
ing contained in this act shall be construed to
impair the powers and rights heretofore con-
ferred upon the board of managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, incorporated under said act, in and over
said territory.
Approved, January 21, 1871.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Pierpont Seymour, of East Bloomfield,
New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby authorized and required
to hear and decide the application of Pierpont
Seymour, of East Bloomfield, in the State of
New York, for an extension of the letters-
patent granted to him by the United States on
the twenty-fourth day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, for an improvement in seed
planters, or grain drills, and shall have power
to extend said patent for the term of seven
years, with the same effect that such extension
might have been granted had the said Pierpont
Seymour made application for such extension,
and paid the fee required by law, within the
time prescribed by law, upon the notice and
under the regulations prescribed by law and
the rules of the Patent Office: Provided,, That
no damages shall be collected of any person
for an infringement of said patent between the
time of the expiration of said patent and the
time of the renewal of the same.
Approved, January 25, 1871.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Payment of Invalid and other
Pensions of the United States for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of pensions for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two:
For Army invalid pensions, and for furnish-
ing artificial limbs or apparatus for resection,
or commutation therefor, as provided by acts
of April twenty-four, eighteen hundred and six-
teen ; May thirteen, eighteen hundred and
