1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
forty-six; July fourteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two; June six, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six; July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight; and July eleven, eighteen
hundred and seventy, nine million five hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For revolutionary pensions, and pensions
of widows, children, and mothers, fathers,
brothers, and sisters of soldiers, as provided
by acts of March eighteen, eighteen hundred
andeighteen; May fifteen,eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight; June seven, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two; July four, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six ; July seven, eighteen hundred
and thirty-eight; March three, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-three; Juneseventeen, eighteen
hundred and forty-four; February twenty, eight-
een hundred and forty-seven; February two,
July twenty-one, and July twenty-nine, eight-
een hundred and forty-eight; February three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three; June three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight; July four-
teen and seventeen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two ; June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four ; July twenty-five, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six ; and July twenty-seven, eighteen
hundi ed and sixty- eight; and for compensation
to the pension agents and expenses of the
agencies, and fees for preparing vouchers and
administering oaths, nineteen million dollars.
For Navy invalid pensions, including the
compensation to pension agents, expenses of
the several agencies, and fees for preparing
vouchers an administering oaths, and for
furnishing artificial limbs or apparatus for
resection, or commutation therefor, as pro-
vided by acts of April twenty-three, eighteen
hundred ; February twenty, eighteen hundred
aud forty-seven ; August eleven, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight; April five, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six ; July fourteen and seven-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two; June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four; June
six and July twenty-five, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six ; July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight; June seventeen, June thirty,
July eight and July eleven, eighteen hundred
and seventy, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For Navy pensions of widows, children,
mothers, fathers, brothers, and sisters of sailors
and marines, as provided by acts of August
eleven, eighteen hundred and forty-eight; July
fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two; J^ily
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six ;
and July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars: Provided, That the appropriations for
Navy pensions be paid out of the Navy pension
fund.
Approved, January 30, 1871.
Chap. XXX.—An Act to enable Ann M.
Rodefer, Administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make Application for the Exten-
sion of Letters-Patent for an Improvement
in Bedstead Fastenings.
]]e it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Arnericain
Congress assembled, That Ann M. Rodefer,
administratrix of Joseph Rodefer, deceased,
have leave to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent granted to Joseph Rodefer for an im-
provement in bedstead fastenings on the four-
teenth day of April, A. D. eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, for fourteen years, in th  same
manner as if the petition for said extension
had been filed at least ninety days before the
expiration of said patent; and that the Com-
missioner of Patents be authorized to consider
and determine said application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days prior
to the expiration of said patent, and with the
same effect as if it had been regularly filed and
acted upon under existing laws: Provided,
That any such extension of said patent shall
not affect the right to continue to use said
machine of any person who, since the tenth
day of April, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, and prior to the approval of this act,
may have procured, and at the time of such
approval shall be using, said machine.
Approved, January 30, 1871.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act for the Relief of
Arnton Smith,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Sep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Arnton Smith have
leave to make a new application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the extension of the
letters-patent granted to him for an improve-
ment in plows on the sixteenth day of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, for fourteen
years from said date, in the same manner as
he could have done at least ninety days before
the expiration of said patent, and that the
Commissioner of Patents be authorized to con-
sider and determine said application in the
same manner, and with the same effect, as if
it had been filed ninety days before the expir-
ation of said patent: Provided, That any such
extension of said patent shall not affect the
rights to continue to use such improvement in
plows of any person who, since the sixteenth
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, and prior to the approval of this act,
may have procured, and at the time of such
approval shall be using, said improvement in
plows.
Approved, January 31, 1871.
Chap. XXXIT.—An Actto pay two Companies
of Oregon Volunteers.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Arnericain
Congress assembled, That the act of Congress
entitled " An act to authorize the Secretary of
War to settle and adjust the expenses of the
Rogue River Indian war," approved the seven-
teenth of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
be, and the same is hereby, extended to the
two companies of Oregon volunteers, com-
manded by Captains Jesse Walker and Nathan
Olney, called into service to suppress Indian
hostilities in Oregon in eighteen hundred and
fiftv-four.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States and
President of the Senate.
Received by the President, January 21,1871.
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to reimburse the
State of Kansas for Moneys expended for
the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and provisioning Militia Forces to aid m
suppressing the Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That immediately upon the
passage of this act the Secretary of \V ar shall
detail three officers of the Army, whose duty
it shall be to examine and audit the accounts
of the State of Kansas for moneys expended in
payment of the expenses of the militia, called
into service by order of the Governor, upon
the requisition of Major General Curtis, in
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to repel the
invasion of General Price.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
officers so detailed shall proceed, subject to
regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, at onee to examine all the items of
expenditure made by said State for the pur-
poses herein named, allowing only for dis-
bursements made and amounts assumed by
the State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting,
transporting, and paying such troops as were
called into service by the Governor, at the
request of the United States department com-
mander commanding the district in which
Kansas may at the time have been included,
or by the express order, consent, or concur-
rence of such commander, or which may have
been employed or used in suppressing rebel-
lion in said State. And no allowance shall be
made for any troops which did not perform
actual military service in full concert and
co-operation with the authorities of the United
States and subject to their orders.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, in
making up said account, the commissioners
shall state separately the amounts expended,
respectively, for enrolling, equipping, arm-
ing, subsisting, transporting, and paying said
troops; and they shall not allow for any ex-
penditure or compensation for service at a
rate greater than was at the time authorized
by the laws of the United States, and the reg-
ulations prescribed by the Secretary of War
in similar cases, nor shall such compensation
cmbrace a longer period than thirty days' ser-
vice in any case.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That as
soon as said commissioners shall have made
up said account and ascertained the balance,
as herein directed, they shall make written
report, thereof, showing the different items of
expenditure as hereinbefore stated, to the
Secretary of War, to be by him referred to
Congress for final action.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid
shall, before proceeding to the discharge of
their duties, be sworn that they will carefully
examine the accounts existing between the
United States and the State of Kansas, and
that they will, to the best of their ability,
make a just, true, and impartial statement
thereof, as required by this act. They shall
receive such compensation for their services
as may be determined by the Secretary of the
Treasury, not exceeding ten dollars per day
for each commissioner.
Approved, February 2, 1871.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act making a tempo-
rary Appropriation for the Prosecution of
the Work upon the Improvement of Saint
Mary's Falls Canal and Saint Mary's River,
Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be expended under the direction
and superintendence of the Secretary of War,
for the purpose of continuing the prosecution
of the work upon the improvement of Saint
Mary's Falls canal and Saint Mary's river, the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars.
Approved, February 2, 1871.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act to divide the State of
Virginia into two Judicial Districts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the counties of
Albemarle, Alleghany, Amherst,, Appomatox,
A[u]gusta, Bath, Bedford, Bland, Botetouf r]t,
