332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Buchanan, Buckingham, Campbell, Carroll,
Charlotte, Clarke, Craig, Cumberland, Floyd,
Franklin, Frederick, Fluvanna, Giles, Gray-
son, Green, Halifax, Henry, Highland, Lee,
Madison, Montgomery, Nelson, Patrick, Page,
Pulaski, Pittsylvania, Rappahannock, Roan-
oke, Rockbridge, Rockingham, Russell, Scott,
Smyth, Shenandoah, Tazewell, Washington,
Wise, Wythe, and Warren, of the State of
Virginia, shall hereafter constitute a new judi-
cial district of the United States, and be called
the western district of Virginia; and the circuit
and district courts of the United States for
said western district of Virginia shall be held
at Lynchburg, Danville, Abingdon, and Harri-
sonburg, within said district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That a
term of the circuit and district court of the
United States for said western district shall
be held at Danville, on the first Monday of
March and September; at Lynchburg, on the
second Monday of March and September; at
Abingdon, on the third Monday of March
and September; and at Harrisonburg, on the
Wednesday after the fourth Monday of March
and September, in each year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
district of Virginia shall hereafter consist of
the counties of said State not named in this
act, and shall be called the eastern district of
Virginia; and circuit and district courts of the
United States shall be held in said eastern
district, as follows: at the city of Richmond
on the first Monday of April and October, and
at the city of Alexandria on the first Monday
of January and on the first Monday of July,
and at Norfolk on the first Monday of May
and first Monday of November, in each year.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the
said circuit or district court for either of said
districts may, in its discretion, order special
terms, and order a grand or petit jury, or both,
to attend the same, by an order to be entered
of record twenty days befoi-e the day at which
said special term shall be ordered to convene;
and said courts respectively at such special
terms shall have all the powers that they have
at a regular term appointed by law : Provided,
however, That no special term of said circuit
court for either district shall be appointed
except by and with the concurrence and con-
sent of the circuit judge.
Sjsc. 5. Andbeit further enacted, That all
suits and other proceedings, of whatsoever
name or nature, now pending in the circuit or
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Virginia, shall be tried and disposed
of in the circuit and district courts, respect-
ively, for said eastern district, as the same
■would have been if this act had not been passed,
and for that purpose jurisdiction is reserved
to the said courts in the said eastern district;
and the clerks of the circuit and district courts
of the present district of Virginia shall retain
the records and files of the said circuit and
district courts, at the city of Richmond, and
do and perform all the duties appertaining to
the said offices, respectively, within the eastern
district, except as is hereinafter provided;
and all process returnable to or proceedings
noticed for any term of the present circuit or
district court shall be deemed to be returnable
to the next term of said courts, respectively, in
the said eastern district, as fixed by this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That
upon application of any party to any suit or
proceeding now pending in the present circuit
or district Courts of the United States, for the
present district of Virginia, which should have
been commenced in the proper court for the
•western district if this act had been in force
at the time of the commencement thereof, the
proper court shall order that the same be
removed for further proceedings to the proper
court for said western district; and thereupon
the clerk shall transmit certified copies of all
the papers and of all orders made therein to
the clerk of the court to which such suit or
proceeding shall be removed, and all further
proceedings shall be had in said court, to which
the same shall be removed as if the said suit
or proceeding had originally been commenced
therein.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That the
passage of this act shall not have the effect to
destroy or impair the lien of any judgment or
decree, rendered by the circuit or district court
of the United States for the present district of
Virginia, prior to this act taking effect ; and
final process on any judgment or decree entered
in the circuit or district court of the United
States for the district of Virginia, or which
shall be entered therein prior to this act taking
effect, and all other process for the enforce-
ment of any order of said courts respective^',
in any cause or proceeding now pending therein,
except causes orproceedings removed as herein
provided, shall be issued from and made re-
turnable to the proper court for the eastern
district of Virginia, and may be directed to
and executed by the marshal of the United
States for the said eastern district in any part
of the State of Virginia.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be appointed a district judge for
said western district of Virginia, who shall
receive an annual salary of three thousand
five hundred dollars; and there shall also be
appointed a marshal and district attorney of
the United States for said western district of
Virginia, who shall respectively receive such
fees and compensation, and exercise such
powers and perform such duties as are fixed
and enjoined by law.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
circuit and district judges shall appoint four
clerks, each of whom shall be clerks both of
the circuit and district courts for said western
district, one of whom shall reside and keep his
office at Lynchburg, another shall reside and
keep hia office at Abingdon, another shall
reside and keep his office at Danville, and the
fourth shall reside and keep bis office at Har-
risonburg, who shall receive the fees and com-
pensation for services performed by them,
respectively, now fixed by law.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
either of the clerks of the circuit and district
courts for said western district is hereby au-
thorized under the direction of the district
judge of said western district to make a tran-
script from any of the records, files, or papers
of the district and circuit courts of the United
States remaining in the office of the clerks in
said eastern district, of all matters and pro-
ceedings which relate to or concern liens upon
or titles to real estate situate in said western
district; and for that purpose shall have access
to said records in the office of the said clerks
in said eastern district; and such transcripts,
when so made by either of said clerks, shall be
certified to be true and correct by the clerk
making'the same, and the same when so made
and certified shall be evidence in all courts and
places equally with said originals.
Seo. 11. And be it further enacted, That
this act shall not affect the completion of the
census of the State of Virginia for the year
eighteen hundred and seventy ; and nothing
herein shall affect existing laws or existing
officers except as herein modified and provided.
Approved, February 8, 1871.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of the Stockbridge and Munsee Tribe of
Indians, iu the State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the two townships
of land, situated in the county of Shawanaw,
and State of Wisconsin, set apart for the use
ofthe Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians,
shall, under direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, be examined and appraised, by two
or more disinterested appraisers to be selected
by him, in eighty-acre lots, according to public
survey; such appraisal shall state the quality
of the soil, the quantity, quality, and value of
the timber growing on each lot, estimating the
pine timber at not less than one dollar per
thousand, and the value of all improvements,
if any, made thereon, with the name of the
owner of such improvements, as certified by
the sachem and councillors of said tribe, and,
when returned to the land office of the district
in which said lands are situated, be subject to
public inspection for at least thirty days before
the day appointed for the sale of such lands,
as hereinafter provided. One copy of said
appraisal shall be made and returned to the
land office of the district, and a duplicate
thereof to the Secretary of the Interior, within
six months from the passage of this act, and
the person [s] appointed to make such appraisal
shall be allowed such compensation for their
services as may be fixed by the Secretary of
the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said two townships of land shall be advertised
for sale, by notice of not less than three months,
to be published in at least three newspapers
of the district having general circulation, and
shall be offered at public auction, at the near-
est Government land office within the Green
Bay agency, to the highest bidder, in lots of
not exceeding eighty acres each, but shall not
be sold for less than the appraised value thereof.
None of said lands shall be subject to entry
until they shall have been offered as aforesaid,
and then only at the price fixed by such ap-
praisal. All of said lands remaining unsold at
the expiration of one year after they shall have
been offered as aforesaid shall be again adver-
tised and offered at public auction at the near-
est Government land office within the Green
Bay agency, at not less than the minimum of
one dollar and twenty five cents per acre, and
thereafter shall be subject to private entry at
the latter price, and shall in all cases be sold
for cash only: Provided, however, That the
Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to reserve from sale a quantity of said lauds
not exceeding eighteen contiguous sections,
embracing such as are now actually occupied
and improved, and are best adapted to agricul-
tural purposes, subject to allotment to mem-
bers ofthe Indian party of said tribe as here-
inafter provided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That from
the first proceeds ot the sale of lands, as pro-
vided in the second section of this act, shall be
paid the expenses of appraisal and sale of said
lands, the amount due to individuals for im-
provements as returned by the appraisers, and
the amount of the debts contracted by ttie
sachem and councillors for the benefit of said
tribes, amounting to the sum of eleven thou-
sand dollars, according to a schedule to be
certified by them and returned to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, im-
mediately after the returns shall be received at
the General Land Office of the last public sale
according to the provisions of this act, a state-
ment shall be made up, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, exhibiting the
gross amount of moneys realized from the sale
ol the said two townships ofland, after deduct-
ing therefrom the sums appropriated by the
preceding sections of this act, to which said
amount shall be added the value of the lands
remaining unsold of said two townships, esti-
mating the same at sixty cents per acre ; also
the sum of six thousand dollars held in trust
by ttie Government, of the United States for the
use of the Stockbridge and Munsee tribes of
Indians, under the treaty of eighteen hundred
