1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
Laws of the United States.
41st Gong....3d Sess.
and thirty-nine; and the total amount thereof
shall constitute the entire sum of money due
from the Government of the United States to
the said Stoekbridge and Munsee tribes of
Indians, to be paid and appropriated for their
benelit as hereinafter directed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of money thus tound due to the said tribes
shall be divided between the citizen and Indian
parties of said tribes, in proportion to the
number of each respectively, according to rolls
thereof, made and returned in conformity with
the provisions of this act to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. That portion of said sum
belonging to the citizen party shall be equally
divided among them per capita and paid to the
heads of families and adult members of said
party ; that portion of said sum belonging to
the Indian party shall be placed to their credit
on the books of the Treasurer of the Uuited
States, and bear interest at the rate of five per
centum per annum, payable semi annually, and
said interest shall be applied to the support of
schools, the purchase of agricultural imple-
ments, or paid in such other manner as the
President may direct: Provided, however, That
a part of said sum due the Indian party, not
exceeding thirty thousand dollars, may, on the
request of the sachem and councillors of said
tribe, be expended in securing a new location
for said tribe, and in removing and aiding them
to establish themselves in their new home; and
in case of their procuring and removal to such
newlocation, at any time, the said eighteen sec-
tions of land reserved for their use by the sec-
ond section of this act shall be sold in the
manner therein provided, and the proceeds
thereof be placed to their credit as aforesaid.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That,
for the purpose of determining the persons who
are members of said tribes and the future rela-
tion of each to the Government of the United
States, there shall be prepared, under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
or such person as may be selected by him to
superintend the same, two rolls, one to be
denominated the citizen roll, to embrace the
names of all such persons of full age, and
their families, as signify their desire to separate
their relations with said tribe, and to become
citizens of the United States; the other to be
denominated the Indian roll, and to embrace
the names of all sach as desire to retain their
tribal character and continue under the care and
guardianship of the United States ; which said
rolls shall be signed by the sachem and council-
lors of said tribe, certified by the person superin-
tending the same, and returned to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, but no person of full
age shall be entered upou said citizen roll with-
out his or her full and free consent, personally
given to the person superintending such en-
rollment; nor shall any person, or his or her
descendants, be entered upon either of said
rolls who may have heretofore separated from
said tribe and received allotment of lands under
the act of Congress for the relief of the Stock-
bridge tribe of Indians, of March third, eight-
een hundred and forty-three, and amendment
of August six, eighteen hundred and forty six,
or under the treaty of February five, eighteen
hundred aud fifty-six, or who shall not be of
Stoekbridge or Munsee descent. After the said
rolls shall be made and returned as herein pro-
vided, the same shall be held asa full surrender
and relinquishment on the part of the citizen
parly, each and every one of them, of all claims
to be thereafter known or considered as mem-
bers of said tribe, or in any manner interested
in any provision heretofore or hereafter to be
made by any treaty or law of the United States
for the benefit of said tribes, and they and their
descendants shall thenceforth be admitted to
all the rights and privileges of citizens of the
United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
after the said rolls shall have been made and
returned, the said Indian party shall thence-
forth be known as the " Stoekbridge tribe of
Indians," and may be located upon lands
reserved by the second section of this act, or
such other reservation as may be procured for
them, with the assent of the council of said
tribe, and their adoption among them of any
individual, not of Indian descent, shall be null
and void.
Sec. 8. And he it farther enacted, That as
soon as practicable, after a suitable and per-
manent reservation shall be obtained and
accepted by said tribe, either at their present
home or elsewhere, the same shall, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, be
surveyed and subdivided to correspond with
the public survey, and the council of said tribe,
under the superintendence of the agent of the
United States, shall make a just and fair allot-
ment of so much thereof (in compact form) as
may be required, among the individuals and
families composing said tribe, as follows:
Each head of a family consisting of four per-
sons shall receive eighty acres of land, and
if consisting of more than four persons, at the
discretion of the council, eighty acres more'
may be assigned to him or her; each male
person above the age of eighteen years, not
included in any family, shall receive eighty
acres ; each female person above the age of
eighteen years, not a member of any family,
and each orphan child, shall receive forty
acres; the lands assigned and allotted as afore-
said shall be held inalienable, and in case of
the death of any person, hi3 or her right thereto
shall descend to his or her heirs, if members
of said tribe, and if he or she dies without heirs
capable of inheriting, the land shall revert to
and become the common property of said tribe;
there shall also be set apart and appropriated
a lot, not exceeding forty acres, to be held as
common property on which to erect a church,
parsonage, school-house, and other improve-
ments necessary for the accommodation of said
tribe: Provided, That if any female shall
marry out of said tribe, she shall thereby
forfeit all right to hold any of said lands as
if deceased.
Sec. 9. And be it furtfier enacted, That the
allotments contemplated in the previous sec-
tions of this act shall be made, and a certified
copy thereof returned to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs within one year after the reser-
vation shall have been made aud accepted by
said tribe ; and thereafter the title of the lauds
described therein shall be held by the United
States in trust for individuals and their heirs
to whom the same wereailoUed. The surplus
lands embraced in such reservation remaining
after making such allotments shall be held in
like manner by the United States, subject to
be allotted to individuals of said tribe who
may not have received any portion of said res-
ervation, or to be disposed of for the common
benefitof said tribe: Provided, That no change
or addition shall be made m the allotment
returned to the Commisbioneroflndian Affairs,
unless the same shall be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
J. G. BLAISE,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States and
President of the Senate.
Eeceived by the President, January 25,1871.
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated with-
in the time prescribed by the Constitution of
the United States, has become a law without
his approval.]
Chap. XXXIX. An Act to authorize the
liemoval of the Custom-House from St.
Mark's to Cedar Keys, Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America iti
Corigiess assembled, That the port of entry of
the collection district of St. Mark's, in the
State of Florida, be, and the same is hereby,
removed from the town of St. Mark's to the
town of Cedar Keys in said district, and the
said town of St. Mark's is hereby made and
declared to be a port of delivery in said district.
Approved, February 8, 1871.
Chap. XL.—An Act to authorize the Worcester
County National Bank, Massachusetts, to
change its Location.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatthe Worcester County
National Hank, now located in Blackstone,
State of Massachusetts, is hereby authorized
to change its location to the town of Franklin,
State of Massachusetts. Whenever the stock-
holders representing three fourths of the cap-
ital of said bank, at a meeting called for that
purpose, determine to make such change, the
president and cashier shall execute a cer-
tificate, under the corporate seal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recorded in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and thereupon
such change of location shall be effected, and
the operations of discount and deposit of said
bank shall be carried on under the name of the
FraukhnNationalBank,in the town of Frank-
lin, Norfolk county. State of Massachusetts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That noth-
ing in this act contained shall be so construed
as in any manner to release the said bank from
any liabilityor affect any action or proceeding
in law in which the said bank may be a party
or interested. And when such change shall
have been determined upon as aforesaid, notice
thereof and of such change shall be published
in at least two weekly newspapers in the afore-
said county of Worcester, for not less than four
successive weeks.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
Chap. 5XV.—An Act to amend section twenty-
two of an Act entitled ''An Act further to
prevent Smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July eighteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
■resentatices of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section twenty-two
of an act entitled ''An act further to prevent
smuggling, aud for other purposes," approved
July eighteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
be, and the same is hereby, amended, so that
the same shall be as follows :—
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That if
any vessel enrolled or licensed to engage in the
foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of the
Uuited States shall touch at any port or place
in the adjacent British provinces, and the mas-
ter or other person having charge of such ves-
sel shall purchase any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, for the use of said vessel, said master
or other person having charge of said vessel
shall report the same, with cost and quaniity
thereof, to the collector or other officer of the
customs at the first port in the United States
at which he shall next arrive, designating them
" sea stores;'' and in the oath to be taken by
such master or other person in charge of sucb
vessel, ou making said report, he shall declare
that the articles so specified or designated "sea
stores" are truly intended for the use exclu-
sively of said vessel, and are not intended for
sale, transfer, or private use; and if, upon exam-
ination and inspection by the collector or other
