334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
officer of the customs, such articles are not
deemed excessive in quantity for the use of
said vessel, until an American port may be
reached by such vessel, where such aea stores
can be obtained, such articles shall be declared
free of duty; but if it shall be found that the
quantity or quantities of such articles, or any
part thereof so reported, are excessive, it shall
be lawful for the collector or other officer of
the customs to estimate the amount of duty on
such excess, which shall be forthwith paid by
said master or other person having charge of
said vessel, on pain of forfeiting a sum of not
less than one hundred dollars, nor more than
four times the value of sueh excess, or said
master or other person having charge of such
vessel shall be liable to imprisonment for a
term of not less than three months nor more
than two years, at the discretion of the court.
And if any other or greater quantity of dutiable
articles shall be found on board such vessel
than are specified in such report or entry of
said articles, or any part thereof shall be
landed without a permit from a collector or
other officer of the customs, such articles, to-
gether with the vessel, her apparel, tackle,
and furniture, shall be seized and forfeited:
Provided always, That articles purchased for
the use of or for sale on board any steamboat,
propeller, or other vessel, as saloon stores or
supplies, shall be deemed goods, war s, and
merchandise, and shall be liable (when pur-
chased at a foreign port) to entry and the pay-
ment of the duties found to be due thereon at
the first port of arrival of such vessel in the
United States ; and for a failure on the part of
the saloon-keeper or person purchasing or
owning such articles to report, make entries,
and pay duties, as hereinbefore required, sueh
articles, together with the fixtures and other
goods, wares, or merchandise, found in sueh
saloon or on or about sueh vessel belonging to
and owned by sueh saloon-keeper or other
person interested in such saloon, shall be seized
and forfeited, and such saloon-keeper or other
person purchasing and owning as aforesaid
shall forfeit and pay the sum of not less than
one hundred dollars, nor more than five hun-
dred dollars, and in addition thereto shall be
imprisoned for a term of not less than three
months nor more than two years.
Approved, February 10, 1871.
Ciiap. XLVI.—An Act to create an additional
Laud District in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the dis-
tricts ot lauds subject to sale under existing
laws at Marysville and Shasta, in the State of
California, as are contained in the following
boundaries, shall constitute a new land district,
to be called the Susanville district, bounded as
follows : Beginning at a point where the north
boundary of township nineteen north, Mount
Diablo meridian, intersects the eastern bound-
ary of the State of California; thence west on
the north boundary, of township nineteen north,
to the corner of townships nineteen and twenty
north, range[s] thirteen and fourteen east;
thence north to thecorner of townships twenty-
one and twenty-two north, ranges thirteen and
fourteen east; thence west to the corner of to wn-
ships twenty-one and twenty-two north, ranges
eleven and twelve east; thence north to the
Corner of townships twenty-three and twenty-
four north, ranges eleven and twelve east;
thence west to the corner of townships twenty-
three and twenty-four north, ranges eight and
nine east; thence north to the corner of town-
ships twenty-five and twenty-six north, ranges
eight and nine east; thence west to the corner
ot townships twenty-five and twenty-six north,
ranges five and six east; thence north between
ranges five and six to the northern boundary
of the State of California; thence east on said
boundary line to the northeast corner of said
State; thence south on the eastern boundary
of said State, to the place of beginning.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
location of the office for said district shall be
designated by the President ofthe United States,
and may be changed by him from time to time
as the public convenience may seem to require.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurther enacted, That there
shall beappointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a regis-
ter and a receiver for said land district, who
shall respectively be required to reside at the
site of the office, be subject to the same laws,
and entitled to the same compensation as is,
or may hereafter be, prescribed by law in rela-
tion to other land offices in said State.
Approved, February 10, 1871.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act to authorize the Sale
of certain Lands reserved for the Use of the
Menomonee Tribe of Indians, in the State
of Wisconsin.
Beit enactedby the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ofthe
Interior is hereby authorized to cause to be
subdivided, appraised, and sold a portion of
the lands, not exceeding six townships, re-
served for the use of the Menomonee tribe of
Indians, in the county of Shawasaw, and State
of Wisconsin, as follows: The said lands shall
be appraised by two or more disinterested
appraisers, to be selected and appointed by
said Secretary, in eighty-acre lots, according
to the public survey. Such appraisal shall state
the quality of the soil, the quality, quantity,
and value of the timber growing on each lot:
and, when returned to the land office of the
district in which such lands are situated, shall
be subject to public inspection for at least sixty
days before the day appointed for the sale of
said lands, as hereinafter provided. One copy
of said appraisal shall be made and returned
to the land office of the district in which such
lands are situated within six months from the
taking effect of this act, and a duplicate thereof
to the Secretary of the Interior; and the per-
sons appointed to make such appraisal shall
receive such compensation for their services as
may be fixed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
lands appraised as aforesaid shall be advertised
for sale by notice of not less than three months,
to be published in at least three newspapers
of the said district having general circula-
tion, and shall be offered, at public auction, at
the nearest Government land office within the
Green Bay agency, to tho highest bidder, in
lots of not exceeding eighty acres ; but shall
not be sold for less than the appraised value
thereof. None of said lands shall be subject
to private entry until the same shall have been
offered as aforesaid, and then only at the price
fixed by such appraisal. All of said lands
remaining unsold at the expiration of one year
after they shall have been offered as aforesaid
shall be again advertised and offered, at pub-
lic auction, at the nearest Government land
office within the Green Bay agency, at not less
than the minimum of one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, and thereafter shall be sub-
ject to private entry at the latter price, and
shall in all cases be sold for cash only.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
townships thus selected for sale shall be in a
compact body, and consist, if practicable, of
unoccupied lands: Provided, That sueh por-
tions ot the same as may be occupied and im-
proved, if any, by members of the tribe, not
exceeding eighty acres to each settler, shall
not be sold without the consent of the party
in possession, but shall be valued as other
subdivisions, the appraisers reporting sepa-
rately the value of the improvements thereon ;
which tracts may then, with the consent of the
occupants, be sold, and the price of the im-
provements paid over to the respective occu-
pants.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from
the first proceeds of the sale of lands, as here-
inbefore provided, shall be paid the expenses
of survey, appraisal, and sale thereof; and the
residue of such proceeds shall be paid to or
funded for the benefit of said tribe, in such
manner as the President, with the assent of
the chiefs and headmen of said tribe, may
determine.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall be and remain inoperative, as to the
first five sections thereof, until full and satis-
factory evidence shall have been placed on the
files of the office of Commissioner of Indian
Affairs that the sales herein authorized have
the sanction of the tribe, evidenced by orders
or agreement taken in full council.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLEB, COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States and
President of the Senate.
Received by the President, February 1,1871.
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it origin-
ated within the time prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States, has become a law
without his approval.]
Chap. XLIX.—An Act making an Appropria-
tion for the Contingent Fund of the House
of liepresentatives.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for miscel-
laneous items under the head of contingent
expenses of the House of liepresentatives.
Approved, February 13, 1871.
Chap. L.—An Act granting Pensions to cer-
tain Soldiers and Sailors of the War of
eighteen hundred and twelve, and the Widows
of deceased Soldiers.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension roll the names
of the surviving officers and enlisted and drafted
men, including militia and volunteers, of the
military and naval service of the United States,
who served sixty days in the war with Great
Britain of eighteen hundred and twelve, and
were honorably discharged, arid to sueh other
officers and soldiers as may have been person-
ally named in any resolution of Congress for
any specific service in said war, although their
term of service may have been less than sixty
days, and who at no time, during the late re-
bellion against the authority of the United
States, adhered to the cause of the enemies of
the Government, giving them aid and comfort,
or exercised the functions of any office what-
ever under any authority or pretended authoi itv
in hostility to the United States, and who shall
take aud subscribe an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the sur-
viving widows of such officers and enlisted
and drafted men : Provided, That such widows
shall have been married, prior to the treaty of
peace which terminated said war, to an officer,
