340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfLOBE.
[February 21,
41st Cong....3d Sbss.
Laws of the United fitqies.
shall have the qualifications of a voter, may
,f>e'elected by the voters qualified to elect mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, who shall be
. entitled to tbe same rights and privileges as
' ajre Exercised" and enjoyed by the Delegates
from the several Territories of the ]Jni.ted
States tp the House of Representatives, and
sh'allalso be a member of the Committee for the
District of Columbia; but the Delegate first
elected shall hold his seat oply during the term
of the Congress to which he shall be elected.
The first election shall be held at the time and
places and be conducted in such manner as
the elections for members of the house of
representatives are conducted ; and at all sub-
sequent elections the time and places and the
manner of holding the elections shall be pre-
scribed by law. The person having the greatest
number of legal votps shall be declared by the
Governor to be duly elected, and a certificate
thereof shall be given accordingly; and the Con-
stitution and all the laws of the United States,
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have
the same force and effect within the said Dis-
trict of Columbia as elsewhere within the United
States.
Sec. 35. Andba it further enacted, That all
officers to be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, for the District of
Columbia, who, by virtue of the provisions of
any law now existing, or which may be enact-
ed by Congress, are required to give security for
moneys that may bo intrusted to them for dis-
bursement, shall give such security at such
time and in such manner as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be a valuation taken in the District
t>f Columbia of all real estate belonging to the
United States in said District, except the pub-
lic buildings, and the grounds which have been
dedicated to the public use as parks and squares,
jit least once in five years, and return thereof
shall bo made by the Governor to the President
of the Senate and Speaker of the House of
Representatives on the first day of the session
of Congress held after such valuation shall be
taken, and the aggregate of the valuation of
private property in said District, whenever
made by the authority of the Legislative Assem-
bly,shall be reported to Congress by the Gov-
ernor: Provided, That all valuations of prop-
erty belonging to the United States shall bo
made by such persons as the Secretary of the
Interior shall appoint, and under such regula-
tions as he Shall prescribe.
Sec. 87. And be it further enacted, That
tliere shall be in the District of Columbia a
board of public works, to consist of the Gov-
ernor, who shall be president of said board;
four persons, to be appointed by the President
of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, one of whom shall
be a civil engineer, and the others citizens and
residents of the District, having the qualifica-
tions of an elector therein ; one of said board
shall be a citizen and resident of Georgetown,
and one of said board shall be a citizen and
resident of the county outside of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown. They shall hold
office for the term of four years, unless sooner
removed by the President of the United States.
The board of public works shall have entire
control of and make all regulations which they
shall deem necessary for keeping in repair the
streets, avenues, alleys, and sewers of the city,
and all other works which may be intrusted to
their charge by the Legislative Assembly or
Congress. They shall disburse upon their
warrant all moneys appropriated by the United
States, or the District of Columbia, or collected
from property-holders, in pursuance of law,
for the improvement of streets, avenues, alleys,
and sewers, and roads and bridges, and shall
assess in such manner as shall be prescribed
by Jaw, upon the property adjoining and to
be specially benefited by |hp improvements
authorised by la^v ancl made by them, a reason-
able proportion of the cost of the improvement,
not exceeding one 'third of such cost, which
sum shall be collected as all other taxes are
collected. They shall make ali necessary reg-
ulations respecting t]ie construction pf private
bjuildings in the "District of Columbia, subject
to the supervision of the Legislative Assembly.
All contracts made by the said board of public
works shall be in writing, and shall be signed
by the parties making the same, and a copy
thereof shall be filed in the office of the Secre-
tary of the District; and said board of public
works sKall have no power to make contracts
to bind said District tp the payment of any
sums pf money except in pursuance of appro-
priations made by law, and not until such
appropriations shall have been made. All
contracts made by said board in which any
meipb'er of said board shall be personally inter-
ested shall be void, and no payment shajl be
made thereon by said' District or any officers
thereof. On or before the first Monday in
November of each year, they shall submit to
each branch of the Legislative Assembly a
report of their transactions during the preced-
ing year, and also furnish duplicates of the
same to the Governor, to be by him laid before
the President of the United States for trans-
mission to the two Houses of Congress; and
shall be paid the sum of two thousand five
hundred dollars each annually.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That
the officers herein provided for, who shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall be paid
by the United States by appropriations to be
made by law as hereinbefore provided ; and
all other officers of said District provided for
by this act shall bo paid by the District: Pro-
vided, That no salary shall be paid to the Gov-
ernor as a memberof the board of public works
in addition to his salary as Governor, nor shall
any officer of the Army appointed upon the
board of public works receive any increase of
pay for such service.
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That if,
at any election hereafter held in the District
of Columbia, any person shall knowingly per-
sonate and vote, or attempt to vote, in the name
of any other person, whether living, dead, or
fictitious, or vote more than once at the same
election for any candidate for the same office,
or vote at a place where he may not be entitled
to vote, or vote without having a lawful right
to vote, or do any unlawful act to secure a right
or opportunity to vote for himself or any other
person, or by force, threats, menace, or intim-
idation, bribery, reward, or offer, or promise
thereof, or otherwise unlawfully prevent any
qualified voter of the District of Columbiafrom
freely exercising the right of suffrage, or by
any such means induce any voter to refuse to
exercise such right, or compel or induce, by
any such means or otherwise, any officer of
any election in said District to receive a vote
from a person not legally qualified or entitled
to vote; or to interfere in any manner with
any officer of said elections in the discharge
of his duties; or by any unlawful means induce
any officer of an election, or officer whoso duty
it is to ascertain, announce, or declare the
result of any such election, or give or make
any certificate, document, or evidence in rela-
tion thereto, to violate or refuse to comply with
his duty, or any law regulating the same ; or
knowingly and wilfully receive the vote of any
person not entitled to vote, or refuse to receive
the vote of any person entitled to vote; or aid,
counsel, procure, or advise any such voter,
person, or officer to do any act hereby made a
crime, or to omit to do any duty the omission
of which is hereby made a crime, or attempt
to do so, eyery such person shall be deemed
giiilty of a qrime, and shall for such crime be
liable to prosecution in any court of the United
States of competent jurisdiction, and on con-
eviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, or by impris-
onment for a term not exceeding three years,
or both, in the discretion of the court, ard
shall pay the costs of prosecution.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That
the charters of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown shall be repealed on and after the
first day of June, A. D. eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and all offices of said corporations
abolished at that date; the levy court of the
District of Columbia and all offices connected
therewith shall be abolished on and after said
first day of June, A. D. eighteen hundred and
seventy-one; but all laws and ordinances of
said cities, respectively, and of said levy court,
not inconsistent with this act, shall remain in
full force until modified or repealed by Con-
gress or the Legislative Assembly of said Dis-
trict; that portion of said District included
within the present, limits of the city of Wash-
ington shall continue to be known as the city
of Washington; and that portion of said Dis-
trict included within the limits of the city of
Georgetown shall continue to be known as
the city of Georgetown; and the Legislative
Assembly shall have power to levy a special
tax upon property, except the property of the
Government of the United States within the
city of Washington, for the payment of the
debts of said city; and upon property, except
the property of the Government of the United
States, within the limits of the city of George-
town for the payment of the debts of said city;
and upon property, except the property of the
Government of the United States, within said
District not included within the limits of either
of said cities to pay any debts owing by that
portion of said District: Provided, That the
charters of said citics severally, and the powers
of said levy court, shall be continued for the
following purposes, to wit: For the collection
of all sums of money due to said cities respect-
ively, or to said levy courfc; for the enforce-
ment of all contracts made by said cities
respectively, or by said levy court, and all
taxes, heretofore assessed, remaining unpaid;
for the collection of all just claims against said
cities, respectively, or against said levy court;
for the enforcement of all legal contracts
against said cities, respectively, or against
said levy court, until the affairs of said cities,
respectively, and of said levy court, shall have
been fully closed ; and no suit in favor of or
against said corporations, or either of them,
shall abate by reason of the passage of this
act, but the same shall be prosecuted to final
judgment as if this act had not been passed.
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be 110 election holden for mayor or
members of the common council of the city
of Georgetown prior to the first day of June,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, but the
present mayor and common council of said
city shall hold their offices until said first day
of June next. No taxes for general purposes
shall hereafter be assessed by the municipal
authorities of the cities of Washington or
Georgetown, or by said levy court. And upon
the repeal of the charters of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, the District of Colum-
bia be, and is hereby, declared to .be the suc-
cessor of said corporations, and all the prop-
erty of said corporations, and of the county of
Washington, shall become vested in the District
of Columbia, and all fines, penalties, costs,
and forfeitures, which are now by law made
payable to said cities, respectively, or said levy
court, shall be paid to said District of Colum-
bia, and the salaries of the judge and clerk of
the police court, the compensation of the dep-
uty clerk and bailiffs of said police court, and
of* the ijiarshaE of the District of Columbia
