187L]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
Laws of the United States.
41st Cows....3b Sess.
shall be paid by said District: Provided, That
the moneys collected upon the judgements of
said police court, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, shall be applied to the payment
of the salaries of the judge and other officers
of said court, and to the payment of the neces-
sary expenses thereof, and any surplus remain-
ing after paying the salaries, compensation,
and expenses aforesaid, shall be paid into the
treasury of the District at the end of every
quarter.
Approved, February 21, 1871.
Ciiap. LXIII.—An Act to change the Times
for holding the District and Circuit Courts
of the United States at Erie, Pennsylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after this
date the July terms of the district and circuit
courts of the United -States in and for the
western district of Pennsylvania, at Erie, shall
be commenced and held on and after the third
Monday of July in each year ; and the Jan-
uary terms of said court at the same place
shall be commenced aud held at Erie, Penn-
sylvania, on and after the second Monday in
January of each year.
Approved, February 21, 1871.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act to provide for the
Apportionment of the Members of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Colorado.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That it shall be the duty
of the Governor, chief justice, and United
States attorney for the Territory of Colorado,
on or before the first day of June next, to
make an apportionment of the members of
the council and house of representatives of the
said Territory, among the several districts, for
the election of members of the council and
house of representatives, giving to each section
of the Territory representation in ratio of its
population, as near as may be, as ascertained
by the census taken by authority of the United
States in the year eighteen hundred and seventy.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of said Governor, chief jus-
tice, and United States attorney to make an
official certificate showing the number of mem-
bers of the council and house of represent-
atives the several districts of said Territory
are entitled [to] as apportioned under the pro-
visions of this act, and file said certificate in
the office of the secretary of said Territory, on
or before the first day of July next, and said
apportionment so made shall be held to be the
proper and legal apportionment for the mem-
bers of the next Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Colorado.
Approved, February 21, 1871.
Chap. LXV.—An Act to repeal an Act of the
Legislature of Wyoming Territory appor-
tioning said Territory for Members ot the
Council and House of Representatives of
the Territorial Legislature.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
K/unyttoi> u-aocmn/tw/j ~ .o
lature of the Territory of Wyoming, entitled
"An actapportioningtheTerritory of yoming
into council and representative districts, and
for other purposes," be, and the same is hereby,
disapproved and repealed. And the next ap-
portionment of said Territory formembersof
the council and house of representatives in the
territorial Legislature shall be made by the
Governor of the Territory in the manner and
form prescribed in section four of the act of
Congress entitled " An act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Wyom-
ing," approved July twenty-five, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, February 21, 1871.
Chap. LXVII.—An Act to authorize the Union
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its Bonds
to construct a Bridge across the Missouri
River at Omaha, Nebraska, and Council
Bluffs, Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for the more perfect
connection of any railroads that are or shall
be constructed to the Missouri river, at or near
Council Bluffs, Iowa, and Omaha, Nebraska,
the Union Pacific Railroad Company be, and
it is hereby, authorized to issue such bonds,
and secure the same by mortgage on the bridge
and approaches and appurtenances, as it may
deem needful to construct and maintain its
bridge over said river, and the tracks and
depots required to perfect the same, as now
authorized by law of Congress; and said bridge
may be so constructed as to provide for the
passage of ordinary vehicles and travel, and
said company may levy and collect tolls and
charges for the use of the same ; and for the
use and protection of said bridge and property,
the Union Pacific Railway Company shall be
empowered, governed, and limited by the pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act to authorize
the construction of certain 'bridges, and to
establish them as post roads," approved July
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
so far as the same is applicable thereto: And
provided, That nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to change the eastern terminus
of the Union Pacific railroad from the place
where it is now fixed under existing laws, nor
to release said Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or its successors, from its obligation as
established by- existing laws: Provided also,
That Congress shall at all times have power
to regulate said bridge, and the rates for the
transportation of freight and passengers over
the same, and the local travel hereinbefore
provided for. And the amount of bonds herein
authorized shall not exceed two and a half
millions of dollars: Provided, That if said
bridge shall be constructed as a drawbridge,
the same shall be constructed with spans of
not less than two hundred feet in length in the
clear on each side of the central or pivot pier
of the draw.
Approved, February 24, 1871.
Chap. LXVIII.—An Act to provide for the
disposition of useless Military Reservations.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of t he United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and empow-
ered to transfer to the custody and control of
the Secretary of the Interior, for disposition
for cash, according to the existing laws of the
United States relating to the public lands, after
appraisement, to the highest bidder, and at
not less than the appraised value, nor at less
than one dollar and twenty-five cents per awe,
the United States military reservations at Forts
Lane and Walla-Walla, in the State of Oregon;
Fort Zarah, in the State of Kansas; Camp
McGarry, in the State of Nevada; Fort Sum-
ner, in the Territory of New Mexico ; horts
JessuD and Sabine, in the State of Louisiana;
Fort Wayne and Fort Smith, m the State ot
Arkansas; such portion of the }*ort Abercrom-
bia reservation as lies east of the Red River ot
the North ; and such portions of the reserva-
tion at Fort Bridger, in the Territory of yom-
ing, as may no longer be required for military
pu%oses -. Provided, That the Secretary ot
the Interior shall, whenever m his opinion the
public interests may require it, cause any of
the foregoing reservations, orpart thereof, to be
subdivided into tracts less than forty acres each,
or into town lots: And provided also, That
each subdivision shall be appraised and offered
separately at public outdtjr, to the highest bid-
der, as hereinbefore provided, after which any
unsbld land or lot shall be subject to sale at
private entry for the appraised vdlue, at the
propgr land office: Andprovidedfurther, That
should there be improvements of buildings, or
of building materials, or other valuable prop-
erty, the Secretary of the Interior shall have
them appraised; and no patent shall issue for
the real estate until the improvements are p&id
for, at the appraised value thereof, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by the said
Secretary.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
right is hereby granted to Dalles City to have
and use the waters of Mill creek flowing through
the military reservation of Fort Dalles, Ore-
gon, and the right of way to convey the same
through said reservation for the purposes of
supplying Dalles City with water and for man-
ufacturing purposes.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted-, That
permission isgranted to the corporatedauthor-
ities of Dalles City to extend Liberty street
southerl}', on the line of the same, through
said reservation, and [that] the land lying east
thereof be, and the same is, granted to said
Dalles City, in fee, upon the payment to the
United States therefor [of] the sum of five
dollars per acre.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
land hereby granted to said city shall be sur-
veyed under the direction of the surveyor
general for the State of Oregon upon applica-
tion to him. made by the. mayor of said city;
and the expenses of such survey shall he paid
by said Dalles City.
Appboved, February 24, 1871.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act prescribing the Form
of the Enacting and Resolving Clauses of
Acts and Resolutions of Congress, and Rules
for the construction thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the enacting clause
of all acts of Congress hereafter enacted shall
be in the following form: " Be it enacted by
the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress
assembledand the resolving clause of
all joint resolutions shall be in the following
form : '' Resolved by the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled;" and no
further enacting or resolving words shall be
used in any subsequent section or resolution
after the first; and each section shall be num-
bered and contain as nearly as may be a single
proposition of enactment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
all acts hereafter passed words importing the
singular number may extend and be applied
to several persons or things; words importing
the plural number may include the singular;
words importing the masculine gender may be
applied to females; the words "msaneperson"
and "lunatic" shall include every idiot, non-
compos, lunatic, and insane person; and the
word " person " may extend and be applied to
bodies politic and corporate, and the reference
to any officer shall include any person author-
ized by law to perform the duties of such
office, unless the context shows that such
words were intended to be used in a more lim-
ited sense; and the word "oath" shall include
" affirmation"- in eases where by law an affirm-
ation may be substituted for an oath, and in
like cases the word "sworn " shall include the
word "affirmed."
