MS
APPENDIX- TO THE CONCffiESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2$,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
where those interested can most conveniently
do them; and no inspectors of one district
shall modify or annul the doings of the inspect-
ors of another district in regard to repairs
unless there is a change in the state of things,
demanding more, repairs than were thought
necessary when the order was made, nor shall
thednspectors of one district license a person
coming from another district, if such person
has been rejected for unfitness or want of
qualifications.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That
the said local boards, when so requested in
writing by any master or owner, shall, under
the direction of the supervising inspector,
inspect steamers in other collection districts
where no such board is established; and if a
certificate of approval is not granted, no other
inspection shall be made by the same or any
other board until the objections made by such
local board and unreversed by the supervising
inspector of"®e district are removed: Pro-
vided, however, That nothing herein contained
shall impair the right of the inspectors to per-
mit such vessel to go to another port for repairs,
if in their opinion it can be done with safety.
Sec. 23. And it further enacted, That
in order to carry this act fully into execution,
the ten supervising inspectors now in office
shall continue in commission ; and whenever
a vacancy occurs, from death, resignation, or
removal, the President of the United States
shall, with the advice and consent of the Senate,
fill the vacancy by appointing a successor,
who shall be selected for his knowledge, skill,
and practical experience in the uses of steam
for navigation, and is a competent judge of the
character and qualities of steam-vessels, and
of all parts of the machinery employed in
steaming. The said supervising inspectors and
the supervising inspector general shall assem-
ble together as a board, once in each year, at
the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
on the third Wednesday in January, and at
such other times as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, for joint consultation, and
shall assign to each of the supervising inspect-
ors respectively, the limits of territory within
which he shall perform his duties, and the said
board shall establish all necessary rules and
regulations required to carry out in the most
effective manner the provisions of this act for
the safety of life, which rules and regulations,
when approved by the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury, shall have the force of law: Provided,
however, That the supervising inspector for the
district embracing the Pacific coast shall not
be under obligation to attend the meetings of
the board oftener than once in two years, and
when he does not attend such meetings, he
shall make his communications thereto, in the
way of a report, in such manner as the board
shall prescribe.
Stso. 24. And be it further enacted, That
each supervising inspector shall watch over
all parts of the territory assigned to him, shall
visit, confer with, and examine into the doings
of the local boards of inspectors within his dis-
trict, and shall instruct them in the proper per-
formance of their duties; and shall, when-
ever he thinks it expedient, visit such vessels
licensed, and examine into their condition,
for the purpose of ascertaining whether the
provisions of this act have been observed and
complied with both by tho board of inspectors
and the master and owners; and it shall he
the duty of all masters, engineers, mates, and
pilots of such vessels to answer all reasonable
inquiries, and to give all the information in
their power in regard to any such vessel so
visited, and her machinery for steaming, and
the manner of managing both.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That
whenever a supervising inspector ascertains to
his satisfaction that any master, mate, engin-
eer, pilot, or owner of any such vessel fails
to perform his duties according td the provis-
ions of this act, he shall report the facts in
writing to the board in the district $here the
vessel was inspected or belongs; and; if need
be, he shall cause the negligent or offending
party to be prosecuted; and if the supervising
inspector has good reason to believe there has
been, through negligence or any other cause,
a failure of the board who inspected the ves-
sel to do its duty, he shall report the facts in
writing to the Secretary of the Treasury, who
shall cause immediate investigation into the
truth of the Complaint, and, if he deems the
cause sufficient, shall remove the delinquent.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of such supervising inspect-
ors to see that the said several boards within
their respective districts execute their duties
faithfully, promptly, and; as far as possible,
uniformly in all places; by f [o]llowing Out the
provisions of this act according to the true
intent and meaning thereof ji 6nd they shall,
as far as practicable, harmoriize differences
of opinion when they exist in different local
boards.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the
said supervising inspectors shall also visit col-
lection districts in which there are no boards
of inspectors, if there be any, where steamers
are owned or employed, and each one shall
have full power to inspect any such steamer
or the boilers of such steamer in any such dis-
trict, or in any district where, from distance
or other cause, it is inconvenient to resort to
the local board, and to grant certificates of
approval, and to do and perform all the duties
imposed up'on local boards by this act;
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the board of supervising in-
spectors to establish such rules and regulations
as may be necessary to make known in a proper
manner to local inspectors the names ofall per-
sons licensed under the provisions of this act, the
names ofall persons from whom licenses have
been withheld, and the names of all whose
licenses have been suspended or revoked ; and
also [the] names of all steam-vessels neglect-
ing or refusing to make such repairs as may be
ordered under the provisions of this act, and
the names of all that have been refused cer-
tificates of inspection. And each supervising
inspector shall report, in writing, at the annual
meetings of -the board, the general business
transacted in his district during the year, em-
bracing all_violations of the steamboat laws,
and the action taken in relation to the same",
all investigations and decisions by local in-
spectors, and all cases of appeal, and the
result thereof; and the board shall examine
into all the acts of each supervising inspector
and local board, and all complaints made
against the same, in relation to the perform-
ance of their dutks under the law, and the
judgment of the b™ard in each case shall be
entered upon their journal; and the board
shall, as far as possible, correct mistakes where
they exist.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the board of supervising
inspectors to establish such rules and regula-
tions to be observed by all steam-vessels in
passing each other as they shall from time to
time deem necessary for saf[e]ty, two printed
copies of which rules and regulations, signed
by said inspectors, shall be furnished to each
of such vessels, and shall at all times be kept
up in conspicuous places in such vessels, which
rules shall be observed botlj night and day.
Should any pilot, engineer, mate, or master
of any steam-vessel neglect or willfully refuse
to observe such regulations so established, any
delinquent so neglecting or refusing shall be
liable of [to] a penalty of fifty dollars, and to
all damages done to any passenger, in his per-
son or baggage, by such neglect or refusal.
Sec. 80. And be it further enacted, That it
Shall b<3 the dttty of the collectors, or othe.r
chief officers of .the customs, and of the in-
spectors aforesaid within the said several dis;
trictS; tb Enforce the provisions of law against
sill steadier! arriving and departing; and upon
prcitif that any c&llectOr, or other chief officer
of the customs, or ihspector, has negligently
or intentionally dmmitted his duty in this
particular, such delinquent shall be liable to
removal from office, and to a penalty of one
hundred dollars for each offence, to be sued
for in an action of debt before any court of
competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That
every collector or other chief officer of the
Customs shall retain on file all original cer-
tificates of the inspectors required by this act
to be delivered to him, and shall give to the
master or owner of the vessel therein named
three certified copies thereof, two of which
shall be placed by such master or owner in
Conspicuous places in the vessel where they
will be most likely to be observed by passengers
and others, and there kept at all times, framed
under glass; the other shall be retained by
such master or owner as evidence'of the au-
thority thereby conferred; and if any pas-
senger shall be received on board any steamer
not having the certified copies of the certificate
of approval Eis required by this act, placed and
kept as aforesaid, or if any passenger steamer
shall receive or carry any gunpowder on board,
not having a certificate authorizing the same,
and a certified copy thereof placed and kept
as aforesaid, or shall carry any gunpowder at
a place or in a manner not authorized by such
certificate; such steamer Shall be held liable
for a penalty of one hundred dollars for each
offence, to be recovered in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That
every inspector who shall willfully certify
falsely touching any vessel propelled in whole
or in part by steam, as to her hull, accommo-
dations, boilers, engines, machinery, or their
appurtenances, or any of her equipments, or
any matter or thing contained in any certificate
signed and sworn to by him, shall, 011 convic-
tion thereof, be punished by fine not exceed-
ing five hundred dollars, or imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or both.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That
no person interested, either directly or indi-
rectly, in any patented life-preserver, life-boat,
gauge, or any article required to be used on
any steamer by this act, or who is a member of
any association of owners, masters, engineers,
or pilots of steamboats, or who is directly
or indirectly pecuniarily interested in any
steam-vessel, or who has not the qualifications
and acquirements as prescribed by this act, or
who is intemperate in his habits, shall be eli-
gible to hold the office of either supervising or
local inspector, or discharge the duties thereof;
and if any such person shall attempt to exer-
cise the functions of the office of Steamboat
inspector, it shall be a misdemeanor, for which
he shall be subject to a penalty of five hundred
dollars, and shall be dismissed from office.
Sec. 34, And be it further enacted, That
any inspector who shall, upon any pretense,
receive any fee or reward fttr his service ren-
dered under this act, except what is herein
allowed him, shall forfeit his office, and if
found guilty, on indictment, or otherwise, [he]
punished, according to tho aggravation of tho
offence, by fine not exceeding five hundred
dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding six
months, or both. i
Sftc. 35. And be it further enacted, That s
every boiler manufactured after twelve months
from the passage of this act, to bo used 011
steam-vessels, and made of iron or steel plates,
shall be constructed of plates that have Been
stamped in accordance with the provision of
this act; and if any person shall eotigtruct a
