1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong.... 3d Sess.
boiler, or steam-pipe connecting the boilers,
to be so used, of iron or steel plates which
have not been stamped and inspected accord-
ing to the provisions of this act, or otherwise
as herein provided, or who shall knowingly
use any defective, bad, or faulty iron or steel
in the construction of such boilers ; or shall
drift any rivet-hole to make it come fair; or
shall deliver any such boiler for use, knowing
it to be imperfect in its flues, flanging, rivet-
ing, bracing, or in any other of its parts, shall
be fined one thousand dollars, one half for the
use of the informer: Provided, however, That
nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
prevent from being used, on any steamer, any
boiler or steam-generator -which may not be
constructed of riveted iron or steel plates,
when the board of supervising inspectors shall
have satisfactory evidence that such boilers or
steam-generators is equal in strength, and as
safe from explosion, as a boiler of the best
quality, constructed of riveted iron or steel
plates.
Sec. 3G. And be it further enacted, That
after twelve months from the passage of this
act, every iron or steel plate used in the con-
struction of steamboat boilers, and which
shall be subject to a tensile strain, shall be
inspected in such manner as shall be prescribed
by the board of supervising inspectors and
ppproved by the Secretary of the Treasury, so
as to enable the inspectors to ascertain its
tensile strength, homogeneousness, toughness,
and ability to withstand the effect of repeated
heating and cooling; and no iron or steel
plate shall be used in the construction of such
boilers which has not been so inspected and
approved under the rules prescribed as afore-
said.
Sec. 87. And be it further enacted, That
every such plate of boiler iron or steel, made
for use in the construction of steamboat boilers,
shall be distinctly and permanently stamped
by the manufacturer thereof, and, if practica-
ble, in such places thatihe marks shall be left
visible when such plates shall be worked into
boilers, with the name of the manufacturer,
the place where manufactured, and the number
of pounds tensile strain it will bear to the sec-
tional square inch; and the inspectors shall
keep a record in their office of the stamps upon
all boiler plates and boilers made under the
provisions of this act. which they shall inspect.
Sec. oS. And be it farther enacted, That if
any person shall counterfeit, or cause to be
counterfeited, any of the marks or stamps
required by this act, or shall designedly stamp
or cause to be stamped falsely any boiler iron
or sue! plates, or if any person shall stamp or
mark, or cause to be stamped or marked, any
such iron or steel' plates with the name or
trade-mark of another, with the intent to mis-
lead or deceive, any such person or persons
shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined two
thousaa.t dollars, one half to the use of the
itiiormer, and may, in addition thereto, at
the disci etion of the court, be imprisoned not
cxcccding two years.
Si;c.3;>. And bait farther enacted, That after
one yc.ir iVum the passage of this act, no iron
or i-iecl plates shall be used in the construction
oi boilers lur steam-vessels, unless they have
been inspected in accordance with the provis-
ions of this act; and the working steam press-
ure allowable on such boilers when single-
riveted shall not producc a strain to exceed
one sixth of the tensile strength of the iron
or steel plates of which such boilers are con;
strncted; but where the longitudinal Lips oi
the cylindrical parts of such boilers are double-
riveted, and the rivet-boles for such boilers
have been fairly drilled inste[a]d of punched,
an addition (if ivventy per centum to the work-
ing pressure provided for single riveting may
be allowed : Provided, Ihatall other parts of
•said boilers shall correspond in strength to
the additional allowances so made; and no
split calking shall in any case be permitted.
And every such boiler shall be provided with
a good, well-constructed safety valve or valves,
of such number, dimensions, and arrangements
as shall be prescribed by the board of super-
vising inspectors, and shall also be provided
with a sufficient number of gauge-cocks and a
reliable low-water indicator that will give alarm
when the water falls below its prescribed lim-
its; and in addition thereto there shall be in-
serted, in a suitable manner, in the flues, crown
sheet, or other parts of the boiler most exposed
to the heat of the furnace when the water falls
below its prescribed limits, a plug of good
Banca tin, and no boiler to which the heat is
applied to the outside of the shell thereof shall
be constructed of iron or steel plates of more
than twenty-six one hundredths of an inch in
thickness, the ends or heads of the boilers only
excepted, and every such boiler employed on
steamers navigating rivers flowing into the Gulf
of Mexico, or their tributaries, shall have not
less than three inches space between and around
its internal flues ; and the feed-water shall be
delivered into the boilers in such manner as
to prevent it from contracting the metal, or
otherwise injuring the boilers. And when boil-
ers are so arranged on a steamer that there
is employed a water-connecting pipe through
which the water may pass from one boiler to
another, there shall also be provided a similar
steam connection, having an area of opening
into each boiler of at least one square inch for
every two square feet of effective heating sur-
face contained in any one of the boilers so
connected, half the flue and all other fire sur-
faces being computed as effective. And ade-
quate provision shall be made on all steamers
to prevent sparks or flames from being driven
back from the fire doors into [the] vessel.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall intentionally load or obstruct,
or cause to be loaded or obstructed, in any
way or manner, the safety-valve of a boiler,
or shall employ any other means or device
whereby the boiler may be subjected to a
greater pressure than the amount allowed by
the certificate of the inspectors, or shall inten-
tionally derange or hinder the operation of any
machinery or device employed to denote the
state of the water or steam in any boiler, or to
give warning of approaching danger, or shall
intentionally permit the water to fail below the
prescribed low-water line of the boiler, it shall,
in any such case, be a misdemeanor, and any
and every person concerned therein, directly
or indirectly, shall forfeit two hundred dollars,
and may, at the discretion of the court, be, in
addition thereto, imprisoned not exceeding five
years.
Sec. 41. And be it further enactcd, That
all steamers navigating the lakes, bays, inlet3,
sounds, rivers, harbors, or other navigable
waters of the United States, when such waters
are common highways of commerce, or open
to general or competitive navigation, shall be
subject to the provisions of this act: Provided,
That this act shall not apply to public vessels
of the United States or vessels of other coun-
tries, nor to boats, propelled in whole or in
part by steam, for navigating canals.
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That
on &>ay steamers navigating rivers only, when,
from darkness, fog, or other cause, the pilot
or watch shall be of opinion that the naviga-
tion is unsafe, or from accident to or derange-
ment of the machinery of the boat, the chief
engineer shall be of the opinion that the fur-
ther navigation of the vessel is unsafe, the j
vessel shall be brought to anchor or moored ;
ns soon as it can prudently be done: Provided, \
Th.it if the per^m in command shall, after :
being so admonished by either ot such officers,
elect to pursue such voyage, he may do the
same; but in such case both he and the owners
of such steamer shall be answerable for all
damages which shall arise to the person of
any passenger or his baggage from said causes
in so pursuing the voyage, and no degree of
care or diligence shall in snch case be held to
justify or excuse the person' in command or
said owners.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That
whenever damage is sustained by any passen-
ger or his baggage from explosion, fire, collis-
ion, or other cause, the master and the owner
of such vessel, or either of them, and the ves-
sel, shall be liable to each and every person
so injured to the full amount of damage, if it
happens through any neglect or failure to
comply with the provisions of law herein pre-
scribed, or through known defects or imper-
fections of the steaming apparatus or of the
hull, and any person sustaining loss or injury
through the car[e]lessness, negligence, or wil-
ful misconduct of any captain, mate, engin-
eer, or pilot, or his neglect or refusal to obey
the provisions of law herein prescribed -as to
navigating such steamers, may sue such cap-
tain, mate, engineer, or pilot, and recover
damages for any such injury caused as afore-
said by any such captain, mate, engineer, or
pilot.
Sec. 44." And be it further enacted, That
every steamboat of the United States shall, in
addition to having her name painted on her
stern, as now required by law, also have the
same conspicuously placed in distinct, plain
letters, of not less than six inches in length,
on each outer side of the pilot-house, if it has
such, and (in case the said boat has side-
wheels) also on the outer side of each wheel-
house; and if any such steamboat shall be
found without having her name placed as
herein required, she shall be subject to the
same penalty and forfeiture as is now provided
by law in the case of a vessel of the United
States found without having her name and
the name of the port to which she belongs
painted on her stern as required by law.
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That
no master, owner, or agent of any vessel of
the United States shall, in any way, -change
the name of such vessel, or by any device,
advertisement, or contrivance, deceive, or
attempt to deceive, the public or any officer
or agent of the United States Government, or
of any State, or any corporation or agent
thereof, or any person or persons, as to the
true name or character of such vessel, on pain
of the forfeiture of such vessel.
Sec. 36 [46]. And be it further enacted,
That every barge carrying passengers while in
tow. of any steamer, shall be subject to the
provisions of this act for the preservation of
the lives of passengers so far as relates to fire-
buckets, axes, life-preservers, and yawls to
such an extent as shall be prescribed by the
board of supervising inspectors; for the viola-
tion of this section the penalty shall be two
hundred dollars, one half for the use of the
informer.
Sec.47. And be itfurther enacted, Thatevery
river steamer navigating waters flowing into
the Gulf of Mexico, and their tributaries, shall
carry the fol[l]owing lights, viz.: One red
light on the outboard side of the port smoke-
pipe, and one green light on the outboard side
of the starboard smoke-pipe; these lights to
show both forwardand abeam on their respect-
ive sides. And upon each and every coal-
boat, trading-boat, produce-boat, canal-boat,
oyster-boat, fishing-boat, raft, or other water-
craft, navigating auy bay, harbor, or river, by
hand-power, horse-power, sail, or by the cur-
rent of the river, or which shall be anchored
or moored in or near the channel or fairway
of any bay, harbor, or river, there shall be
carried, from sunset to sunrise, one or more
good white lights, which shall be placed in
such manner as shall be prescribed by the
