350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G10BE.
[February 28,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
board of supervising inspectors; and every
such vessel or raft, when running in a fog or
thick weather, or shall be anchored or moored
in or near the channel or fairway as aforesaid,
and not in any port, shall sound a fog-horn, or
equivalent signal, at intervals of not more than
two minutes, which shall make a sound equel
to a steam-whistle; and all steamers navigat-
ing in a fog or thick weather shall sound their
steam-whistles at intervals of not more than
one minute. Ever^ coasting steamer, and every
steamer navigating bays, lakes, or other inland
waters, other than ferry-boats and those above
provided for, shall carry the red and green
fights as provided for ocean-going steamers,
and, in addition thereto, a central range of
two white lights; the after-light being carried
at an elevation of at least fifteen feet above
the light at the head of the vessel, the head-
light to be so constructed as to show a good
light through twenty points of the compass,
namely, from right ahead to two points abaft
the beam on either side of the vessel, and the
after-light to show all around the horizon ; the
lights for ferry-boats shall be regulated by such
rules as the board of supervising inspectors
shall prescribe; and that the provision for a
foremost head-light for steamships, in an act
entitled "An act fixing certain rules and regu-
lations for preventing collisions on the water/'
approved the twenty-ninth day of April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall not be
construed to apply to other than ocean-going
steamers and steamers carrying sail.
Se<j. 48. And be it further enacted, That the
inspectors shall state in every certificate of
inspection granted to steamers carrying pas-
sengers, other than ferry-boats, the number
of passengers of each class that any such
steamer has accommodations for, and can
carry with prudence and safety; and it shall
not be lawful to take on board of any such
steamer a greater number of passengers than
is so stated in the certificate as aforesaid; and
for every violation of this provision the master
and owner, or either of them, shall be liable,
to any persons suing for the same, to forfeit
the" amount of passage-money and ten dollars
for each passenger beyond the number thus
allowed: Provided, however, That if any such
steamer shall engage in excursions, inspectors
shall issue to such steamer a special permit,
in writing, for the occasion, in which shall be
stated the additional number of passengers that
may be carried, and the number and kind of
life-saving appliances that shall be provided
for the safety of such additional passengers ;
and they shall also, in their discretion, limit
the route and distance for such excursions.
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the master of every passen-
ger steamer to keep a correct list of all the
passengers received and delivered from day to
day, noting the places where received and
where landed, which record shall be open to
the inspection of the inspectors and officers
of the customs at all times, and the aggregate
number of said passengers shall be furnished
to inspectors as often as called for; but on
routes not exceeding one hundred miles, the
number of passengers, if kept, shall be suffi-
cient; and in case of default through negli-
gence or design, the said master shall forfeit
one hundred dollars, which penalty, as well as
that for excess of passengers, shall be a lien
upon the vessel: Provided, however, That a
bond may, as provided in other cases, be given
to secure the satisfaction of the judgment.
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That
every master 01* commander of any steamer
carrying passengers shall keep on board of
such steamer at least two copies of this act, to
be furnished to him by the Secretary of the
Treasury; and if the master or commander
neglects or refuses to do so, or shall unreason-
ably refuse to exhibit a copy of the same to
any passenger who shall ask for it, he shall
forfeit twenty dollars.
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted, That all
coastwise sea-going vessels, andvessel[s] nav-
igating the great lakes, shall be subject to the
navigation laws of the United States, when
navigating -within the jurisdiction thereof; and
all vessels, propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and navigating as aforesaid, shall be
subject to all the rules and regulations estab-
lished in pursuance of law for the government
of steam-vessels in passing, as provided by this
act; and every coastwise sea-going steam-ves-
sel subject to the navigation laws of the United
States, and to the rules and regulations afore-
said, not sailing under register, shall, when
under way, except on the high seas, be under
the control and direction of pilots licensed by
the inspectors of steamboats. And no State
or municipal government shall impose upon
pilots of steam-vessels herein provided for any
obligation to procure a State or other license
in addition to that issued by the United States,
nor other regulation which will impede such
pilots in the performance of their duties, as
required by this act; nor shall any pilot charges
be levied by any such authority upon any
steamer piloted as herein provided, and in no
case shall the fees charged for the pilotage of
any steam-vessel exceed the customary or
legally established rates in the State where the
same is performed: Provided, however, That
nothing in this act shall be construed to annul
or affect any regulation established by the laws
of any State requiring vessels entering or
leaving a port in any such State, other than
coast-wise steam-vessels, to take a pilot duly
licensed, or authorized by the laws of such
State, or of a State situate upon the waters of
such State.
Sec. 52. And be it further enacted, That
every steamer navigating the ocean, or any
lake, bay, or sound of the United States, shall
be provided with such numbers of life-boats,
floats, rafts, life-preservers, and drags, as will
best secure the safety of all persons on board
such vessel in caae of disaster ; and every sea-
going vessel carrying passengers, and every
such vessel navigating any of the northern or
northwestern lakes, shall have the life-boats
required by law, provided with suitable boat-
disengaging apparatus, so arranged as to allow
such boats to be safely launched while such
vessels are under speed or otherwise, and so
as to allow such disengaging apparatus to be
operated by one person, disengaging both ends
of the boat simultaneously from the tackles by
which it may be lowered to the water. And
it shall be the duty of the board of supervising
inspectors to fix and determine, by their rules
and regulations, the kind of life-boats, floats,
rafts, life-preservers, and drags that shall be
used on such vessels, and also the kind and
capacity of pumps or other appliances for free-
ing the steamer from water in case of heavy
leakage, the capacity of said pumps or appli-
ances being suited to the navigation in which
the steamer is employed ; and if the owners
of any such steamers neglect or refuse to pro-
vide such drags, life-boats, floats, rafts, life-
preservers, pumps, or appliances, as shall be
required by the board of supervising inspect-
ors, and approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, such owners shall be fined one
thousand dollars.
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That
every sea-going steamer, and every steamer
navigating the great northern or northwestern
lakes, carrying passengers, the building of
which shall be completed after six months
from the passage of this act, shall have not
less than three water-tight cross-bulkheads,
said bulkheads to reach to the main deck in
single'decked vessels, otherwise to the deck
next below the main deck; the same to be
made of iron plates, sustained upon suitable
frame-work, and properly secured to the hull
of the vessel; the position of such bulkheads
and the strength of material of which the same
shall be constructed to be determined by the
general rules of the board of supervising
inspectors.
Sec. 54. And be it further enacted, That it
shall at all times be the duty of all officers
licensed under the provisions of this act to-j
assist the inspectors in their examination of j
any such vessel to which any such licensed
officers belong, and to point out all defects
and imperfections known to them in the hull,
equipments, boilers, or machinery of such ves-
sel, and also to make known to the inspect-
ors, at the earliest opportunity, all accidents
or occurrences producing serious injury to
the vessel, her boilers, or machinery; and in
default thereof the license of any such officer
so neglecting or refusing shall be revoked.
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted, That if
any licensed officer shall, to the hinderance of
commerce, wrongfully or unreasonably refuse
to serve in his official capacity on any steamer,
as authorized by the terms of his certificate of
license, or shall fail to deliver to the applicant
for such service at the time of such refusal, if the
same shall be demanded, a statement in writ-
ing assigning good and sufficient reasons there-
for, or if any pilot or engineer shall refuse to
admit into the pilot-house or engine-room any
person whom the master or owner of the vessel
may desire to place there for the purpose of
learning the profession, his license shall be
revoked upon the same proceedings as are
herein provided in other cases of revocation
of such licenses.
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted, That
every captain, chief mate, engineer, and pilot
of any such vessel shall, before entering upon
his duties, make solemn oath before one of the
inspectors herein provided for, to be recorded
with the certificate, that he will faithfully and
honestly, according to his best skill and judg-
ment, without concealment or reservation, per-
form all the duties required of him by this act.
And if any such captain, chief mate, engineer,
or pilot, or any person summoned under this
act as a witness, shall, when under examina-
tion on oath by any such inspector, knowingly
and intentionally falsify the truth, such person
shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and if con-
victed be punished accordingly: Provided,
however, That when any such licensed officer
is employed on a steamer in a district distant
from any local board of inspectors, such in*
spectors, or the supervising inspector of the
district, may grant a renewal of his license
without such licensed officer being personally
present, under such regulations as the board
of supervising inspectors shall prescribe.
Sec. 57. Andbeitfurther enacted, That any
captain, engineer, or pilot, or other person
employed on any steamboat or vessel, by whose
misconduct, negligence, or inattention to his
or their respective duties on such vessel, the
life of any person shallbe destroyed , or [if j in
consequence offraud, connivance, misconduct,
or violation of law by any owner or inspector,
or other public officer, the life of any person
shall be destroyed, he or they shallbe deemed
guilty of manslaughter, and, upon conviction
thereof before any circuit court of the Uni-
ted States, shall be sentenced to confinement
at hard labor for a period of not more than
ten years.
Sec. 68. Andbe it further enacted, That the
hulland boilers of every ferry-boat, canal-boat,
yacht, or other small craft of like character,
propelled by steam, shall be inspected under
the provisions of this act. And such other
provisions of law for the better security of life,
as may be applicable to such vessels, shall, by
the rules and regulations of the board of super-
vising inspectors, be required before a cer-
tificate of inspection shall bo granted; and
