18T1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong,... 3d Sess.
no such vessel shall be navigated without a
licensed engineer and a licensed pilot.
Sec. 59. And beitfurther enacted, That the
hull and boiler or boilers of every tug-boat,
towing-boat, and freight-boat shall be in-
spected, under the provisions of this act; and
it shall be the duty of the inspectors to see that
the boilers, machinery, and appurtenances of
such vessel are not dangerous in form or work-
manship, and that the safety-valves, gauge-
cocks, low-water alarm-indicators, steam-
gauges, and fusible plugs are all attached in
conformity to law; and the officers navigating
such vessels shall be licensed in conformity
with the provisions of this act, and shall be
subject to the same regulation of law as officers
navigating passenger steamers.
Sec. CO. And be it further enacted, That,
before issuing aDy license to any steamer, the
collector or other chief officer of the customs
for the port or district shall demand and receive
from the owner or owners thereof, as a com-
pensation for the inspections and examination
made for the year, the following sums, in addi-
tion to the fees for issuing enrollments and
licenses now allowed by law, according to the
tonnage of the vessel, to wit: for each steam-
vessel of one hundred tons or under, twenty-
five dollars; and, ia addition thereto, for each
and every ton in excess of one hundred tons,
five cents. And each captain, chief engineer,
and first-class pilot, licensed as herein pro-
vided, shall pay for every certificate, granted
by any inspector or inspectors, the sum of ten
dollars ; and every chief mate, engineer, and
pilot of an inferior grade shall pay, for every
certificate so granted, the sum of five dollars,
which shall be paid over to the chief officer of
the customs in such manner and under such
regulations as shall be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Sec. 61. And be it further enacted, That
each local board of inspectors shall keep an
accurate account of every such steamer boarded
by them during the year, and if [of] all their
official acts and doings, which, in the form of a
report, the[y] shall communicate to the super-
vising inspector of the district, at such times
as the board of supervising inspectors, by their
established rules, shall direct.
Skc. 62. And be it further enacted, That
in addition to the local boards of inspectors
now appointed bylaw, there shall be [a] local
board designated and appointed for the district
of Puget Sound, Washington Territory; for
the district of Milwaukee, Wisconsin; for the
district of Albany, New York; for the district
of Apalachicola, Florida; for the district [of]
Evansville, Indiana; and for the district of
Huron, Michigan, and also at Marquette, in
the district of Superior. And each local in-
spector of the several districts, respectively,
shall be paid annually, under the directionof
the Secretary of the Treasury, the following
compensation, to wit: one inspector of hulls,
and one inspector of boilers, for the districts
of New York and New Orleans, two thousand
two hundred dollars each; for the districts of
Philadelphia, Baltimor[e], Buffalo, St. Louis,
Louisville, Cincinnati, Pittsburg, San Fran-
cisco, Boston, Detroit, Chicago, Milwaukee,
Huron, and Galena, two thousand dollars each;
for 1 he districts of Mobile, Memphis, and Cleve-
land, one thousand five hundred dollars each;
for Portland, in the district of Oregon, New
London, Norfolk, Charleston, Savannah, Gal-
veston, Albany, Wheefing, Nashville, Port-
land, Maine, and Evansville, one thousand
two hundred dollars each; for the districts] of
Puget Sound, Apalachicola, Oswego, and Bur-
lington, and also at Marquette, eight hundred
dollars each ; and, in addition thereto, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may appoint in such dis-
tricts where their services are actually required,
assistant inspectors, at a compensation, for the
district of New York, two thousand dollars; .
and all other districts, not exceeding sixteen
hundred dollars per annum to each person so
appointed; or may appoint a clerk to any such
board at a compensation not exceeding twelve
hundred dollars per annum to each person so
appointed. And each supervising inspector
shall be paid three thousand dollars perannum:
and every inspector shall be paid for his actual,
reasonable traveling expenses, at the rate of
ten cents per mile, when incurred in the per-
formance of his duty j and also for transport-
ation of instruments, which shall be certified
and sworn to, under such instructions as shall
be given by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That
the President of the United States shall, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
appoint a supervising inspector general, who
shall be selected with. reference to his fitness
and ability to systematize and~carry into effect
all the provisions of law relating to the steam-
boat inspection service, whose duty it shall
be, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to superintend the administra-
tion of the steamboat inspection laws, preside
at the meetings of the board of supervising
inspectors, receive all reports of inspectors,
and receive and examine all accounts of such
officers, report fully at stated periods to the
Secretary of the Treasury upon all matters per-
taining to his official duties, and produce a cor-
rect and uniform administration of the inspec-
tion laws, rules, and regulations; and the said
supervising inspector general shall be paid for
his services at the rate of three thousand five
hundred dollars per annum, and all his reason-
able traveling expenses, or mileage at the rate
of ten cents per mile when on official duty.
Sec. 64. And be it further enacted, That
the Secretary of the Treasury may, upon appli-
cation therefor, remit or mitigate any fine or
penalty provided for in this act, or discontinue
any prosecution to recover penalties denounced
in this act except the penalty of imprisonment,
or of removal from office, upon such terms as
he, in his discretion, shall think proper; and
that all rights granted to informers by this act
shall be held subject to the said Secretary's
power of remission, except in cases where the
claims of any informer to the share of any pen-
alty shall have been determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction prior to the application
for the remission of said penalty; and that the
said Secretary shall have authority to ascertain
the facts upon all such applications, in such
manner and under such regulations as he may
deem proper.
Sec. 65. And be it further enacted, That
the Secretary of the Treasury shall procure for
the several supervising inspectors and local
boards of inspectors, such instruments, station-
ery, printing, and other things necessary for
the use of their respective offices as may be
required therefor: and shall make such rules
as may be necessary to secure the proper exe-
cution of the steamboat acts.
Sec. CG. And be it further enacted, That
the salaries of all supervising inspectors, local
inspectors, assistant inspectors, supervising in-
spector general, and clerks, herein provided
for, together with their traveling and other
expenses when on official duty, and all instru-
ments, books, blanks, stationery, furniture,
and other things necessary to carry into effect
the provisions of this act, shall be paid for
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, oi&of the revenues received into the
Treasury from the inspection of steam-vessels,
and the licensing of the officers of such vessels,
as pi-ovided for by the terms of this act; and
the same is hereby appropriated for the pay-
ment of such expenses, or so much thereof as
may be required for such purposes.
Sec. 07. And be it further enacted, That
supervising and local inspectors of steamboats
shall execute proper bonds, in such form and
upon such conditions as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, and subject to his
approval, conditioned for the faithful perform-
ance of the duties of their respective offices,
and the payment in the manner provided by
law of all moneys that may be received by
them.
Sec. 6$. And be it further enacted, That
the penalty for the violation of any provision
of this act that is not otherwise specially pro-
vided for shall be a fine of five hundred dol-
lars, one half for the use of the informer.
Sec. 69. And be it further enacted, That if
any shipper or shippers of platina, gold, gold-
dust, silver, bullion, or other precious metals,
coins, jewelry, bills of any bank or public
body, diamonds or other precious stones, or
any gold or silver in a manufactured or unman-
ufactured state, watches, clocks, or timepieces
of any description, trinkets, orders, notes, or
securities for the payment of money, stamps,
maps, writings, title-deeds, printings, engrav-
ings, pictures, gold or silver plate or plated
articles, glass, china, silks, in a manufactured
or unmanufactured state, aad whether wrought
up or not wrought up with any other material,
furs, or lace, or any of them, contained in any
parcel, or package, or trunk, shall lade the
same as freight or baggage, on any boat or
vessel, without at the time of such lading
giving to the master, clerk, agent, or owner
of such boat or vessel receiving the same a
written notice of the true character and value
thereof, and having the same entered on the
bill of lading therefor, the master and owner
or owners of said boat or vessel shall not be
liable as carriers thereof in any form or man-
ner ; nor shall any such master, owner, or
owners be liable for any such goods beyond the
value and according to the character thereof
so notified and entered.
Sec. 70. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of all collectors, or other
chief officers of the customs, to require all
sailing vessels to be furnished with proper sig-
nal-lights, as provided for by the act of April
twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
entitled "An act fixing certain rules and
regulations for preventing collisions on the
water," and every such vessel shall, on the
approach of any steamer during the night-time,
show a lighted torch upon that point or quarter
to which such steamer shall be approaching.
And every such vessel that shall be navigated
without complying with the terms of the said
act of April twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and the provisions of this section,
shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred
dollars, one half to go to the informer; and
for which sum the vessel so navigated shall be
liable, and may be seized and proceeded against
by way of libel, in any district court of the
United States having jurisdiction of the offence.
Sec. 71. And be it further enacted, That
the act entitled "An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on
board vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam," approved July seven, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight; also, "An act to mod-
ify the act entitled 'An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam,' approved July seven, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight," approved March three,
eighteen hundred and forty-three; also, "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam,' and for other purposes,"
approved August thirty, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two ; also, "An act for the prevention and
punishment of frauds in relation to the names
of vessels," approved May five, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four; also, "An act to create
an additional supervising inspector of steam-
boats, and two local inspectors of steamboats
