1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
ing the same and joining private property on
the west and south, containing sixteen acres,
more or less, upon payment into the Treasury
of the United States [of] the value thereof, as
shall be ascertained by an appraisement under
a commission for that purpose, to be appointed
by the Secretary of War.
Approved, March 2, 1871.
Chap. CV.—An Act to provide for celebrating
the one hundredth Anniversary of American
independence, by holding an International
Exhibition of Arts, Manufactures, and Pro-
ducts of the Soil and Mine, in the City of
Philadelphia, and State of Pennsylvania, in
the year eighteen hundred and seventy-six.
Whereas the Declaration of Independence
of the United States of America was prepared,
signed, and promulgated in the year seventeen
hundred and seventy-six in the city of Phila-
delphia; and whereas it behooves the people
of the United States lo celebrate, by appro-
priate ceremonies, the centennial anniversary
of this memorable and decisive event, which
constituted the fourth day of July, anno Dom-
ini seventeen hundred and seventy-six, the
birthday of the nation; and whereas it is
deemed fitting that the completion of the
first century of our national existence shall
he commemorated by an exhibition of the
naturaT resources of the country and their
development, and of its progress in those arts
which benefit mankind, in comparison with
those of older nations ; and whereas no place
is so appropriate for such an exhibition as the
city in which occurred the event it is designed
to commemorate; and whereas, as the exhibi-
tion should be a national celebration, in which
the people of the whole country should parti-
cipate, it should have the sanction of the Con-
gress of the United States: Therefore,
Be it enactcdbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an exhibition of
American and foreign arts, products, and
manufactures shall be held, under the auspices
of the Government of the United States, in the
city of Philadelphia, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and seventy six.
Six. i. That a commission to consist of not
more than one delegate from each State, and
from each Territory ot the United States,
whose functions shall continue until the close
of the exhibition, shall be constituted, whose
duty it shall be to prepare and superintend the
execution of a plan lor holding the exhibition,
and, after conference with the authorities of
the city of Philadelphia, to fix upon a suitable
site within the corporate limits of the saia city,
where the exhibition shall be held.
Sec. 3. That said commissioners shall be
appointed within one year from the passage
of this act by the President of the United
States, on the nomination of the Governors
of the States and Territories respectively.
<veu. -1. That in the same manner there shall
be appointed one com missioner from each State
and Territory of the United Stales, who shall
assume the place and perform the duties of
such commissioner  r commissioners as may
be unable to attend the meetings of the com-
mission. , , .
Sec. f>. That the commission shall hold its
meetings in the city of Philadelphia^and that
a majority of its members shall have full power
to make all needful rules for its government.
Sec. G. That the commission shall report to
Congress at the first session^after its appoint-
ment a suitable dale for opening and for closing
the exhibition; a schedule of appropriate cere-
monies for opening or dedicating the same,
a plan or plans of the buildings; a complete
plan for the reception and classification ot
articles intended for exhibition; the requisite
custom-house regulations For the introduction
into this country of the articles from foreign
countrieg intended for exhibition; and such
other matters as in their judgment may be
important.
Sec. 7. That no compensation for services
shall be paid to the commissioners or other
officers provided by this act from the Treasury
of the United States; and the United States
shall not be liable for any expenses attending
such exhibition, or by reason of the same.
Sec. 8. That whenever the President shall
be informed by the Governor of the State of
Pennsylvania that provision has been made
for the erection of suitable buildings for the
purpose, and for the exclusive control by the
commission herein provided for of the pro-
posed exhibition, the President shall, through
the Department of State, make proclamation
of the same, setting forth the time at which
the exhibition will open and the place at which
it will be held ; and he shall communicate to the
diplomatic representatives of all nations copies
of the same, together with such regulations as
may be adopted by the commissioners, for pub-
lication in their respective countries.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CVI.—An Act authorizing Terms of
the United States District Courts to be held
at Helena, Arkansas, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enactedby the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in addition to the
terms of the district court of the United States
for the western district of Arkansas, required
by existing laws to be held at Van Buren, in
the State of Arkansas, there shall be held by
the judge of said district two terms of said
court in each year at the city of Helena, in
said State, on the second Mondays of March
and September.
Sec. 2. That such number of jurors shall be
summoned by the marshal at every term or
such court to be at Helena as may have been
ordered at a previous term or by the district
judge in vacation. And a grand jury may be
summoned to attend any such term of said
court when ordered by the court or by the
judge thereof in vacation. In case of a defi-
ciency of jurors, talesmen maybe summoned
by order of the court.
Sec. 3. That the district judge may adjourn
any of the terms of the court provided for in
this act, from time to time, to suit the conven-
ience of litigants and to meet the necessities
of the business of such terms; and the inter-
vention of a term of such court at any other
place shall not preclude the power to adjourn
over to a future day.
Sec. 4. That a clerk of said court shall be
appointed in like manner as other clerks of
the district courts of the United States are
appointed, who shall keep his office in said
city, and who shall be subject to all the duties
enjoined bylaw on clerks of the district courts
aforesaid: Provided, however. That no court
shall be held at Helena m pursuance of this
act until an instrument in writing, duly exe-
cuted by the proper authorities of the county
of Phillips, agreeing to faraisb. suitable rooms
for the holding of said court, for the term of
ten years, without any charge to the■
ment of the United States, shall first be filed
in the office of the clerk of said court at .Little
R Sec. 5. That the counties of Phillips, Crit-
tenden, Mississippi, Craighead. Greene, Ran-
dolph, Lawrence, Sharp. 1 omsett, Cioss, Sa nt
Francis, Monroe, Woodruff, Jackson, Inde-
pendence, Izzard, Marion, 1 niton, and Boone,
Fn said State, shall hereafter be deemed and
be a part of the western district of Arkansas,
and there shall be appointed by t™ ^
of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a district judge for
the western district aforesaid, who shall, from
and after the time of his appointment, hold
the terms of court at the times and places
required by law. Said district judge shall be
paid the same salary and in the same manner
as the judge of the eastern district of said
State. And the terras of the court, now re-
quired to be held at Van Buren, shall hereafter
be held at Port Smith in said district, and the
present district judge of the said State shall
be and remain the district judge of the United
States for the eastern district thereof, as if
originally appointed thereto.
Sec. 6. That so much of an act entitled "An
act to divide the district of Arkansas into two
judicial districts," approved March three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, as gives the
judge of the district of Arkansas jurisdiction
over the western district of said State, and all
lawsinconsistentherewith,arehereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Ciiap. CVII.—An Act to create a new Land
District in the Territory of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the public lands
in the Territory of Washington lying east and
north of the following boundaries shall consti-
tute a new land district, to be called the Walla-
Walla district, to wit: beginning on the bound-
ary line between the United States and the
British possessions, on the summit of the Cas-
cade mountains; thence southerly along the
line established by the first section of the act
of May ten [sixteen], eighteen hundred and
sixty, entitled "An act to create an additional
land district in Washington Territory," to the
line dividing tewnships ten and eleven north;
thence east to the line dividing ranges nine-
teen and twenty east; thence south along said
line to the Columbia river.
Sec. 2. That the President be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during
the recess thereof, and until the end of the
next session after such appointment, a regis-
ter and receiver for said district, who shall be
required to reside at the city of Walla-Walla
until such time as the President, in his discre-
tion, may remove the site of said land office
from said city, be subject to the same laws,
and entitled to the same compensation as is,
or may hereafter be, provided by law in rela-
tion to the existing land offices and officers in
said Territory.
Approved, March 8, 1871.
Chap. CVIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to require the holding of
additional District and Circuit Courts of
the United States in the District of Indiana,
and for other purposes," approved June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That, section seven of the
act aforesaid be. and the same is hereoy,
amended by adding thereto the following ad-
ditional proviso: Am&pTovlclcd fuvthcv^ Thatj
a deputy clerk for each of said additional courts
shall be appointed in the manner aforesaid as
soon as practicable after the passage of this
act, and that such deputy clerks for the addi-
tional courts to be held at New Albany shail
reside and keep an office at said city, and that
such deputy clerks for the additional courts to
be held at Evansville shall reside and keep an
office at said ci'y, and that they shall respect-
ively keep at said places full records ot all
actions and proceedings in said additional
i courts respectively, and shall have thc^ same
power to issue ail process from said additional
