356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
courts that is now enjoyed by the clerks of
other district and circuit courts of the United
States in like cases.
Sec. 2. That all actions over which said dis-
trict and circuit courts have jurisdiction re-
spectively under existing laws may be instituted
in said additional district and circuit courts
respectively in the first instance by filing the
proper pleadings or other papers in the offices
of the deputy clerks performing the duties of
clerks of said courts respectively, and that all
proper and lawful process shall issue there-
from in the same manner as from other district
or circuit courts of the United States in like
actions, cases, or proceedings.
Appkoved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CIX.— An Act to provide for the Col-
lection of Debts due from Southern Railroad
Corporations, and for other purposes.
Whereas certain suits are now pending in
the United States courts within the State of
Tennessee, against certain railroad corpora-
tions in that State, on account of property sold
to said corporations by the Government, which
suits are contested by the defendant corpora-
tions ; and whereas it is for the interest of the
Government to speedily adjust and collect the
claims of the United States while avoiding
litigation and loss by the insolvency of any
such railroad: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resenlatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and is hereby, authorized and re-
quired, if he shall deem it advisable, by and
with the advice of the counsel of record in
such suits for the United States, and Attorney
General of the United States, to compromise,
adjust., and settle the same upon such terms
as'to amount and time of payment as may be
just and equitable, and best calculated to pro-
tect tlio interests of the Government.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CX.—An Act to authorize the Construc-
tion of a Bridge over the Mississippi River
at Louisiana, Missouri, and also a Bridge
over the Missouri River at Glasgow, in said
State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
rescntatims of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Louisiana and
Missouri River Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion existing under the laws of the State of
Missouri, be, and is hereby, authorized to con-
struct and maintain a bridge over the Missis-
sippi river at the city of Louisiana, in said
State of Missouri.
8iso. '2. That said bridge shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be recognized and known
as a post route, upon which also no higher
charge .shall be made for the transmission over
the same of the mails, the troops, and the
munitions of war of the United States than the
rate per mile paid for the transportation over
the railroad or public highways leading to the
said bridge; and it shall enjoy the rights and
privileges of other post roads in the United
Slates.
Sec. 8. That if the said bridge shall be made
with unbroken and continuous spans, it shall
not be of less elevation in any case than fifty
feet above high-water mark, as understood at
the point of location, to the bottom chord of
the bridge ; nor shall the spans of said bridge
over the main channel of said river be less
than three hundred and fifty feet in length,
and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
with the current of said river: And provided,
also, That if the same shall he constructed as
a drawbridge, the draw or pivot shall be over
the main channel of the river at an accessible
navigable point., and the spans not less than
two hundred feet in length in the clear; and
the piers-of said bridge shall be parallel with
the current of the river, and the spans shall
not be less than ten feet above high-water
mark to the bottom chord of said bridge:
Provided, also, That said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the pass-
ing of boats.
Sec. 4. That the right to alter or amend this
act, so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said Missis-
sippi river by the construction of bridges, is
hereby expressly reserved.
Sec. 5. fhat all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge shall have and be enti-
tled to equal rights and privileges in. the
passage of the same, and in the use of the
machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all ap-
proaches thereto, under and upon such terms
and conditions as shall be prescribed by the
district court of the United States for the
district in which said bridge is situated upon
hearing the allegations and proofs of the par-
ties, in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 6. That a bridge may be constructed
over the Missouri river at or within nine miles
of the town of Glasgow, in Howard county,
Missouri, by the said Louisiana and Missouri
River Railroad Company : Provided, That the
said bridge shall be made with unbroken and
continuous spans, and shall not be of less ele-
vation in any case than fifty feet above high-
water mark, as understood at the point of loca-
tion, to the bottom chord of the bridge; nor
shall the spans of said bridge over the mam
channel of said river be less than three hun-
dred and fifty feet in length, and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river; and shall be subject to the same
terms and restrictions as contained in this act
for the construction of the bridge at Louisiana,
Missouri.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
£hap. CXI.—An Act relating to Records of
the Courts of-the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in.
Congress assembled, That whenever the record
of any judgment, or decree, or other proceed-
ing of any judicial court of the United States
shall have been or shall hereafter be lost or
destroyed, any party or person interested
therein may, on application to such court, and
on showing to the satisfaction of such court
that the same has been lost or destroyed with-
out fault or neglect of the party or person
making such application, obtain an order from
such court authorizing such defect to be sup-
plied by a duly certified copy of such original
record, where the same' can be obtained,
which certified copy shall thereafter have the
same effect as such original record would have
had in all respects.
Sec. 2. That whenever the loss or destruc
tion of any such record shall have happened
or shall hereafter happen, and such defect can-
not be supplied as provided in the next pre-
ceding section, any party or person interested
therein may make a written application to the
court to which such record belonged, verified
by affidavit or affidavits, showing the loss or
destruction thereof, and that certified copies
thereof cannot be obtained by the party or
person making such application, and the sub-
stance of the record so lost or destroyed, and
that such loss or destruction occurred without
the fault or neglect of the party or person mak-
ing such application, and that the loss or de-
struction of such record, unless supplied, will
or may result in damage to the party or person
makingsuch application, said court shall cause
said application to be entered of record in said
court, and due notice thereof shall be given by
personal service of a copy thereof upon each
and every person interested therein, other than
the party or person making such application,
together with written notice that on a day cer-
tain, not less than sixty days after such service,
said application will be heard by said court;
and if upon such hearing said court shall be
satisfied that the statements contained in said
written application are true, said court shall
make an order reciting what was the substance
and effect of said lost or destroyed record ;
which order shall be entered of record in said
court, and have the same effect, subject to
intervening rights, which said original record
would have had if the same had not been lost
or destroyed, so far as concerns the party or
person making such application and the per-
sons who shall have been personally served as
provided for in this section.
Sec. 3. That in all causes which have been
removed, or shall hereafter be removed, to
the Supreme Court of the United States, a
duly certified copy of the record of such cause
remaining in the said Supreme Court may be
filed in the court from which said cause was
removed, on motion of any party or person
claiming to be interested therein ; and the
copy so filed shall have the same effect as the
original record would have had if the same had
not been lost or destroyed.
Appkoved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXII.—An Act relating to I-ntemal
Taxes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act no tax shall be imposed
upon any undistributable sum added to the
contingent fund of any fire, marine, inland,
life, health, accident, or like insurance com-
pany, nor upon any unearned premium or pre-
miums received for risks assumed by such
companies, nor shall any tax be hereafter col-'
lected which may have been assessed, or which
shall have become liable to be assessed, upon
such sums, fund, or premiums prior to the
passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Legislative. Executive, and Judicial
Expenses of the Government for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the service of the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, for the objects here-
inafter expressed, namely:
legist, ative.
Senate.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
four hundred thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, aud others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the Senate, viz.: Sec-
retary of the Senate, four thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars; officer charged with
disbursements of the Senate, five hundred and
seventy-six dollars; chief clerk, three thou-
sand dollars, and the additional sum of one
thousand dollars while the said office is held
by the present incumbent, and no longer; prin-
cipal clerk, principal executive clerk, minute
and Journal clerk, and financial clerk, in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, at two
thousand five hundred and ninety two dollars
each; six clerks in office of the Secretary of
the Senate, at two thousand two hundred and
twenty dollars each; keeper of the stationery,
