358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Suss.
Laics of ihe United, tiiaies.
For two assistant librarians, one at one thou-
sand two hundred dollars, and one at nine hun-
dred and sixty dollars, two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For one messenger, one thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars.
For three laborers at eight hundred and sixty -
four dollars each, two thousand five huudred
and ninety-two dollars.
For purchase of books for said Library, eight
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law-books for said Library,
two thousand dollars.
For purchase of files of periodicals and
newspapers, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For expenses of exchanging public docu-
ments for the publications of foreign Govern-
ments, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For shelving a room underneath the Library
for copyright books, and an iron stairway to
communicate therewith, five hundred dollars.
For constructing cases of shelves for the
alcoves in Library, five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress,
five thousand dollars.
For pay of superintendent and assistants in
Botanic Garden and greenhouses, under the
direction of the Library Committee of Con-
gress, eleven thousand two hundred and ninety-
six dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
For clerk 111 the office of Public Buildings
and Grounds, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For messenger in the same office, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge
of the water-closets in the Capitol, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-
one laborers employed in the public grounds,
nineteen thousand two hundred and ninety-
six dollars.
For compensation of four laborers in the
Capitol, two thousand eight hundred and eighty
dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper, in
charge of heating apparatus under the old Hall
of the House of Representatives, sight hun-
dred and sixty-four dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For two policemen at the President's House,
two thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen
at the X'resident's House, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For assistant doorkeeper, seven hundred and
twenty dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at
the bridge across the eastern branch of the
Potomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one
thousand six hundred dollars.
For watchman in Franklin square, seven
hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the person in charge
of the heating apparatus of the Library of
Congress, and other steam-heating apparatus
in the central building, eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars.
For electrician for the Capitol, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
jJ'or compensation of five watchmen it? res-
ervation number two, three thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
For salaries of five judges of the Court of
Claims, the chief clerk and assistant clerk,
bailiff, and messenger thereof, twenty-seven
thousand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of attorneys to attend to
taking testimony, witnesses, and commission-
ers, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, labor, and other
contingent and miscellaneous expenses, three
thousand dollars.
B^or reporting the decisions of the court, cler-
ical hire, labor in preparing and superintend-
ing the printing of the sixth volume of the
reports of the Court of Claims, to be paid on
the order of the court, one thousand dollars.
To pay judgments of the Court of Claims,
five hundred thousand dollars.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of
the United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign patents
for public lands, fifteen hundred dollars.
For compensation to the Private Secretary,
assistant secretary (who shall be a short-hand
writer), two executive clerks, at two thousand
three hundred dollars each ; steward and mes-
senger of the Px'esident of the United States,
thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery therefor, four thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT Of STATE. "
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
eight thousand dollars; two Assistant Secre-
taries of Stale, at three thousand five hundred
dollars each ; for chief clerk, at two thousand
two hundred dollars; ten clerks of class four,
additional to one clerk of class four as disburs-
ing clerk, nine clerks of class three, three
clerks of class two, eight clerks of class one,
one messenger, one assistant messenger, nine
laborers, and four watchmen ; in all, seventy-
four thousand five hundred and twenty dollars.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form,
and in newspapers of the States and Territo-
ries, and in the city of Washington, fifty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That hereafter no
laws or treaties shall be published in news-
papers except those which are of a general
nature, which laws shall be selected by the
Secretary of State; and tlie same shall in all
cases be published without delay.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and con-
sulates, including boxes and transportation of
the same, three thousand dollars.
For stationary, furniture, fixtures, and re-
pairs, five thousand dollars.
For books and maps, two thousand live hun-
dred dollars.
For extra clerk-hire and copying, four thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz.: rent, fuel,
lights, repairs, and miscellaneous expenses,
thirty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
United States and Mexican Claims Commis-
sion.
For compensation of the commissioner on
the part of the United States,-four thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of umpire, three thousand
dollars.
For agent, four thousand dollars.
For secretary, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For legal assistant to agent, three thousand
dollars.
For two clerks, at one thousand four hun-
dred dollar «w,ch.
For two translators, at one thousand five
hundred dollars each.
For one messenger, six hundred dollars.
For one assistant messenger, three hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses, five thousand dol-
lars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secrstary of the
Treasury, eight thousand dollars ; two Assist-
ant, Secretaries of the Treasury,-at three thou-
sand five hundred dollars each ; chief clerk,
two thousand two hundred dollars, and three
hundred dollars additional for acting as super-
intendent of the building; forty-nine clerks
of class four, additional compensation of two
hundred dollars to one clerk of class four as
disbursing clerk, thirty clerks of class three,
twenty-six clerks of ciass two, twenty-seven
clerks of class one; thirty-two female clerks,
at nine hundred dollars each ; eleven messen-
gers, one assistant messenger, and ten laborers ;
one clerk of class four and one clerk of class
one, Jo assist the chief in superintending the
building; one captain of the watch, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars; one engineer, one
thousand four hundred dollars ; one machinist
and gas-fitter, one thousaud two hundred dol-
lars ; one storekeeper, one thousand four hun-
dred dollars; sixty watchmen, at seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars each, and to two of
said watchmen, acting as lieutenants of watch-
men, two hundred and eighty dollars in addi-
tion ; thirty laborers, at seven hundred and
twenty dsllars each ; five firemen, at six hun-
dred dollars each ; ninety charwomen, at one
hundred and eighty dollars each ; in all, three
hundred and sixty-one thousand nine hundred
dollars.
In the construction branch of the Treasury :
for supervising architect, three thousand dol-
lars ; assistant supervising architect, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; chief cleik, two
thousand dollars ; photographer, two thousand
five hundred dollars; two assistant photog-
raphers, one at one thousand six hundred
dollars, and one at one thousand two hundred
dollars ; two clerks of class four, four clerks
of class three, three clerks of class one, and
one messenger ; in all, twenty-seven thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For First Comptroller of the Treasury,
five thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand dollars ; ten clerks of class four, twelve
clerks of class three, twelve clerks of class
two, six clerks of class one ; six copyists, at
nine hundred dollars each ; one messenger,
one assistant messenger, and three laborers;
in all, seventy-seven thousand three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For Second Comptroller of the Treasury,
three thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand dollars; twelve clerks of class four,
twenty clerks of class three, twenty-eight
clerks of class two, twenty-one clerks of class
one; twelve copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each; one messenger, eight hundred and forty
dollars; one assistant messenger, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars; and two labor-
ers ; in all, one hundred and thirty-six thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For Commissioner of Customs, three thou-
sand dollars ; chief clerk, two thousand dol-
lars; two clerks of class four, six clerks of
class three, eight clerks of class two, five
clerks of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, thirty-six thousand nine hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For First Auditor of the Treasury, three
thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
dollars ; three clerks of class four, ten clerks
of class three, ten clerks of class two, thirteen
clerks of class one, one messenger, one assist-
ant messenger, and one laborer; in all, fifty-
eight thpusand two hundred and eighty dollars.
For Seeond Auditor, tjijee tfeouga 4 dollars j
