864
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be reported to Congress by the Secretary of
State.
To defray the expenses incurred by the
United States legation in Paris, in protecting
the subjects of the North German Confeder-
ation in France during the war between France
and Prussia, including extra compensation to
the secretaries, messenger, and use of carriage
of said legation, four thousand dollars ; and the
foregoing appropriations are hereby made
available immediately upon the passage of
this act.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
iSupervising Inspectors of Steam Vessels.
For carrying out the provisions of the act
of thirtieth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, for the better protection of the lives of
passengers on vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and of the aots amendatory
thereof, the following sums, viz.:
For salaries of fifty-nine local inspectors of
steam-vessels, and clerk in local officers at
New York and New Orleans, fifty-eight thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For ten supervising inspectors of steam ves-
sels, nine at two thousand dollars each, and
one at two thousand five hundred dollars,
twenty thousand five hundred dollars.
For special agent of the Department, two
thousand one hundred and ninety dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz.:
Travelling expenses of ten supervising
inspectors, at not to exceed eight hundred
dollars in any one year each, eight thousand
dollars.
For travelling expenses of fifty-nine local
inspectors, fifteen thousand dollars.
For travelling expenses of the special agent
of the Department, one thousand four hundred
dollars.
For expenses of the meeting of the board
of supervising inspectors, including travel and
necessary incidental expenses, and printing of
manual and report, four thousand dollars.
For stationery and postage stamps; furniture
for offices and repairs thereof; instruments,
repairs, transportation, and storing thereof;
office rent, janitors, and fuel; printing and
binding certificates of license for pilots and
engineers, and miscellaneous items, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For life-saving stations:
Salaries of two superintendents of the life-
saving stations on the coast of Long Island
and New Jersey, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each, three thousand dollars.
For fifty-five keepers of stations, at two hun-
dred dollars each, eleven thousand dollars.
For pay of six experienced surfmen to man
each of the boats-at alternate life-saving sta-
tions on the New Jersey coast, commencing
at the first station from Sandy Hook, from
December fifteenth to March fifteenth, to
be appointed by the keepers thereof, at forty
dollars per month, ten thousand and eighty
dollars.
For contingent expenses of life-saving sta-
tions on the coast of the United States, ten
thousand dollars.
Revenue- Cutter Service.
For pay of officers, viz.:
Thirty-five captains, one hundred and two
lieutenants, and fifty-one engineers, three hun-
dred and fifteen thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For rations for officers, twenty thousand and
thirty-nine dollars.
For pay of crews, viz.:
Eight hundred and seventy-eight petty offi-
cers, seamen, cooks, stewards, and boys, three
hundred thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars.
For rations for crews, including liquor equiv-
alent; sne hundred and twenty-one tho>w}d
seven hundred and seventy-nine dollars and
ten cents.
For fuel for twenty-four steam-vessels, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and outfits of thirty-two vessels,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For ship-chandlery for the same, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For the travelling expenses of the officers
travelling on duty under orders from the Treas-
ury Department, ten thousand dollars.
For temporary employment of pilots, here-
tofore permanently employed, and compensa-
tion included in estimates for pay of officers,
ten thousand dollars.
For commutation of quarters for officers on
shore duty, ten thousand dollars.
Contingent expenses:
For payment of expenses incurred in the
transaction of the business of the two boards
of examiners, (engineer board at Baltimore,
Maryland, and that for the line officers at
Washington, District of Columbia;) also, for
that of the special commission, for rent of
offices, including quarters for examining sur-
geon, and for miscellaneous expenses, exclu-
sive of clerk hire or compensation for service
of any kind except consulting engineer em-
ployed to supervise construction of engines,
five thousand dollars.
Marine Hospital Service.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
Loans and Treasury Notes.
For paper, engraving, printing, express
charges, and other expenses of making and
issuing the national currency, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For expenses in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, national bank notes,
bonds, and other securities of the United States,
as well as the coins of the United States, and
other frauds upon the Government, one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
Miscellaneous.
For payment of the necessary expenses
incurred in defend [ing] suits against the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or his agents, for the
seizure of captured or abandoned property ;
and for the examination of witnesses in claims
against the United States pending in any De-
partment; and for the defence of the United
States, in respect of such property, in the
Courtof Claims, to be expended under the
direction of the Attorney General, sixty thou-
sand dollars, no part of which shall be paid to
attorneys-at-law for professional services, for
appearing and assisting in the trial of causes
in the Supreme, circuit, or district courts of
the United States, or Court of Claims; and that
the Attorney General make report to Congress
at the end of the fiscal year of the manner of
the appropriation of this fund, and to whom
and for what purposes paid.
For this sum, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be expended under the direction
of the Attorney General in the detection and
prosecution of crimes against the United States,
fifty thoussfnd dollars.
_ For expenses to be incurred in the prosecu-
tion and collection of claims due the United
States, to be disbursed under the direction of
the Attorney General, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For continuing the collection of statistics of
mines and mining, to be laid before Congress,
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, ten thousand dollars.
For compensation of clerks anti for additional
compensation to same in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, twenty-two thousand
five hundred dollfti-si
For facilitating communication between the
Atlantic andPacific States by electric telegraph,
forty thousand dollars: Provided, That no part
of this amount shall be paid to any company
which shall refuse or neglect to perform tele-
graphic service for the Government of the
United States in accordance with the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of telegraph lines, and to secure
[to] the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," approved
July twenty-four, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
For construction of revenue vessels in ac-
cordance with recommendation of the special
commission, approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, two hundred thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture for
public buildings under the control of the
Treasury Department, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and water for public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, two hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For heating apparatus for public buildings
under the control of the Treasury Department,
fifty thousand dollars.
For vaults, safes, and locks for public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, one hundred thousand dollars.
For photographing, engraving, and print-
ing plans of public buildings under the control
of the Treasury Department, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of custodians and janitors for the
public buildings under the control of the
Treasury Department, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For repairs and preservation of all public
buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department, two hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay for repairsof Government buildings in San
Francisco, used by the assessors' department
of internal revenue service in the years eight-
een hundred and sixty-six and eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, the same being in lieu of
rent authorized to be paid for offices of assist-
ant assessors, and not so paid during the
occupancy of said building, seven hundred
and eighty-one dollars and eighty-eight cents.
To pay for incidental printing for the Terri-
tory of Montana, the amount due to Messrs.
Wilkinson and Ronan, six hundred and forty-
one dollars.
_ For rent, fuel, lights, postage-stamps, sta-
tionery, printing, and incidental expenses of
the secretary's office of Idaho Territory for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, three thousand dol-
lars.
To pay T. L. McElroy balance due for print-
ing journal of house and council of Washing-
ton Territory, session of eighteen hundred and
sixty-five and sixty-six, of Legislature thereof,
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars and
sixty-one cents.
To pay the United States marshal of Wyom-
ing Territory the sum of five hundred dollars
for superintending taking of the census of
that Territory in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, pursuant to the organic act.
l?or amount to pay Charles Prosch for print-
ing for Legislative Assembly, Washington Ter-
ritory, session of eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven and sixty-eight, nine hundred and
seventy-four dollars ami forty-five cents.
To pav for incidental printing for the Terri- i
tory of Idaho the amount, found due to Frank
Kenyon, four thousand eight, hundred and one
dollars and thirty-eight cents.
For necessary expenses in the erection, fur-
nishing machinery and putting up the same,
outbuildings, fencing grounds and superintend-
ent of the branch mint at Carson City, thirty
