1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
thousand three hundred and twenty-six dol-
United Stales Courts.
For defraying the expense* of the Supreme
Court and circuit and district courts of the
United States, including: the District of Colum-
bia ; and also for jurors and witnesses, and
likewise for defraying the expenses of suitsin
which the United States are concerned, and
of prosecuting offences committed against the
United State?, and for the safe-keeping of pris-
oners, two million dollars.
Forthe support and maintenance of convicts
transferred from the District of Columbia, ten
thousand dollars.
To pav expenses incurred in arresting Wil-
liam Keilv, under the direction of the terri-
torial auiborities of Wyoming, six hundred
and one dollars and twenty cents, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
DEPARTMENT OF THE IXTEMOR.
Public Lands.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Louisiana, fuel. books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
Ftu' rent of office of surveyor general of
Florida, fuel, books, stationery, and other in-
cidental expenses, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
Foi rent of office .of surveyor general ot
Minnesota, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand two hun-
drfd dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Dakota, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expense?, two thousand dollars.
For njit of office of surveyor general of
Kansas, tufl, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent oV office of surveyor general of
Colorado, fue.i, books, stationery, and inci-
dent;!! expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of otiiee of surveyor general of New
Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dent;:! expenses, two thousand dollars. _ ,
For rent oft.fliceoi surveyor general of Call- j
forma, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
ften'i'l ext-enwes. seven thousand dollars. j
lor lent'of office of surveyor general of |
Idaho, fti- i. books, stationery, and other inet- ;
dental expenses, two thousand five hundred J
doi'ars. . . '
For rent of office of surveyor general ot j
Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other ;
incident;:! expenses, three thousand seven '•
hundred dollars. , c -
For rent of office of surveyor general ot ■
Oregon, fuel, books, stationery, and other ;
ineiueuia! expenses, two thousand dollars.
Fi.r iui: of ofiice of surveyor general ot
Washington Teriitory, fuel, books, stationery,
ami oiniT incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars. , f
For rent of office of surveyor general ot
Nebraska at.d luua, fuel, books, stationery,
and Other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars. , r
For ion!, of oiuie of surveyor general ot
Montana 'i'euiu>rv, fuel, books, stationery,
at.d Other incidental expenses, two thousand
TotM-eni of office of surveyor general of the
Territory of Utah, fuel, hooks, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, one thousand eign
hundred dollar*. ,
For rent of ollico of surveyor general ot the
Teuitoiy of Wyoming, tuel, books, staaoneiy,
and o.ht r incidental expenses, two thonsani
five hmidra#dollars. . ,
For rent of office of surveyor general oi the
Tetritorv of Arizona, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, incuiduisr tne
necessary furniture to establish liisofhee, three
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the account for services of the superin-
tendent of construction of the penitentiary in
the Territory of Montana, the sum of sixteen
hundred dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
Expenses of the Collection of Revenue from
Sales of Public Lands.
For salaries and commissions of registers
of land offices and receivers of public moneys
at eighty-one land offices, three hundred and
ninety-one thousand tv/o hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the land offices,
thirty-nine thousand two hundred and seventy-
five dollars.
For expenses of depositing moneys received
from sales of public lands, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Metropolitan Police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses
of the Metropolitan police for the District of
Columbia, two hundred and seven thousand
eight hundred and seventy dollars: Provided,
That a further sum, amounting to one hundred
and three thousand nine hundred and thirty-
five dollars, shall be paid to defray the expenses
of said Metropolitan police force by the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, and the county of
Washington, (beyond the limits of said cities,)
in the District of Columbia, in the proportion
corresponding to the number of privates allot-
ted severally to said precincts; and the cor-
porate authorities of said cities, and proper
authorities of the District of Columbia, are
hereby authorized and required to levy a
special tax, not exceeding one third of one
per centum, which shall be specially deposited
once in each, week, as such collections are
made, to be appropriated and expended for
said purpose only, for the service of the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two.
Government Hospital for the Insane,
For the support, clothing, medical, andmoral
treatment of the insane of the Army and Navy,
revenue-cutter, and volunteer service, who may
have become insane since their entry into the
service of the United States, and of the_ indi-
gent insane of the District of Columbia, in the
Government Hospital for tne Insane, includ-
ing five hundred dollars for books, stationery,
and incidental expenses, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements of the west
wing of the hospital edifice, fifteen thousand
For completing the inclosure and building
the wall along the liver front, ten thousand
dollars. . , . ,
For inclosing the tract of land known as the
"Shepperd Farm," three thousand dollars.
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
For the supply of the institution, including
salaries and incidental expenses, tne mainte-
nance of the beneficiaries of the United States,
and five hundred dollars for books and illus-
trative apparatus, forty thousand five hundred
^/'continuing the work on the inclostire
and improving and grading the grounds of the
nMmii, anJ filling up ot j
institution, m accordance wu.li p.a.is lieiuo ;
■ fore submitted to Congress, eighteen thousand
' dollars. . , . j
1 Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-m j
! Asylum, and other UmhUci,. _
; For the support, of the Columbia Hospital ,
Ifj womeu "d Lying in Asylum, over,and
For rent of building, three thousand dol-
lars.
For purchase of surgical instruments, five
hundred dollars.
For the National Soldiers and Sailors'
Orphans' Home of the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, fifteen thousand dol-
lars, to be disbursed under direction of the
Secretary of the Interior.
For care, support, and medical treatment
of sixty transient paupers, medical and sur-
gical patients, in some proper medical institu-
tion in the city of Washington, under a contract
to be formed with such institution, twelve thou-
sand dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, under .the direction of the Secretary
of War.
Smithsonian Institution.
For preservation of the collections of the
surveying and exploring expeditions of the
Government, ten thousand dollars.
For the completion of the hall requiredfor
the Government collections, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Botanic Garden.
aim living "'j*"-,
„.),,i,u amount which will ue
| fifteen thousand
| dollars.
For concreting and paving walks around the
buildings of the Botanic Garden ; for general
repairs to the buildings; and for improving
the large basin with brick or stone wall, and
with white marble coping, six thousand dol-
For the completion of the paving of the
main walk through the Botanic Garden with
Seneca brown-stone flagging, and taking up
and removing the blue-stone flagging now in
the main walk, and relaying the same in Mary-
land avenue, along the south side of the Botanic
Garden, nine thousand eight hundred and forty
dollars. . ,
For two additional laborers at Botanical
Garden, eight hundred and fift dollars.
Public Buildings.
For compensation of librarian of the Senate
library, in the office of the Secretary of the
Senate, two thousand two hundred and twenty
dollars.
Under the direction of the architect of the
Capitol extension: .
For improving the heating and ventilating •
of the Senate, under the direction of the archi-
tect of the Capitol extension, three thousand
dollars. . . ,
For furnishing and repairing the work on
the Capitol extension, and for curbing and
flagging upper terraces, sixty-five thousand
dollars. . ... -
For enlarging air-shaft, plastering ceiling ot
corridors, readjustment of flues under the floor,
new registers, and for new floor in the Hall of
the House of Representatives; for additional
fans for the exhaustion oi vitiated air from tne
Hall, and for engines to-operate them, and
for additional ventilators in the root ot the
Hall, and for necessary alterations m the light-
ing, heating, and ventilating apparatus, twenty
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary. ,
For widening the passage-ways between the
Senate and House wings of the Capitol, ten
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, if the architect shall deem the
same safe and practicable; and any expend-
iture on a plan that shall cost a greater sum
to complete it, shall be unlawful.
For annual repairs ot the old portion of tin.
Capitol building, painting, glazing, keeping
roofs in order, water-pipes, pavements, and
approaches to the building, ten thousand
d°ForSfinishing and repairing the work on the
new Dome of the Capitol, five thousand dollars.
For continuing the work ot grading and fall-
ing the grounds around the Capitol, twenty
thousand dollars.
