366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Forcompleting the north frontof the Patent
Office building, and grading and paving G
street from Seventh to Ninth streets, and to
replace amount returned to the Treasury under
the fifth section of the act approved J uly twelve,
eighteen hundred and seventy, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the extension of the Government Print-
ing Office building, upon the plans prepared
by the architect of the Capitol extension, in-
cluding the cost of hoisting works, said appro-
priation to be available during the present fis-
cal year, forty-five thousand dollars; and any
expenditure on a plan that shall cost a greater
sum to complete it shall be deemed unlawful.
Surveying the Public Lands.
For surveying the public lands in Louisiana,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for township and eight dollars for section
lines, twelve thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Florida,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard, seven dollars for township,
and six for section lines, twelve thousand five
hundred dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Minne-
sota, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
forty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars
per mile for standard lines, seven dollars for
township, and six dollars for section lines,
twenty thousand dollars: Provided, That not
less than ten thousand dollars of this amount
shall be expended within the limits of the
Pembina laud district in said Territory.
, For surveying the public lands in Montana
territory, at tes notexceeding fifteen dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, forty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, six dollars for town-
ship, and five dollars for section lines, forty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lauds in Kansas,
atrat.es notexceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, six dollars for town-
ship, and five dollars for section lines, forty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado,
at_ rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, forty
thousand dollars.
For the survey of the public lands within the
limits of the land grant to Kansas Pacific Rail-
road Company in the Tarritory of Colorado,
thirty thousand dollars: Provided, That the
foregoing appropriations for surveys ol' public
lands within the limits of the above railroad
land grants shall be conditional upon the com-
pliance of said companies or partiesin interest
wi th the requirements of the twenty- first section
of the act of July second, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, entitled "An act to amend an
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, Statutes volume thir-
teen, page three hundred and sixty-five.
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten for section lines, thirty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in New Mex-
ico, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
lineal mile for standard* liaesj twfelvc dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Arizona,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in California,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
seventy thousand dollars: Provided, That the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in
his discretion, may hereafter authorize public
lands in said State, and also in Oregon and
Washington Territory, densely covered with
forests or thick undergrowth, to be surveyed
at augmented rates, not exceeding eighteen
dollars per mile for standard parallels, fifteen
dollars for township, and twelve dollars for
section lines.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
thirty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washing-
ton Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per lineal milefor standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, forty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon
situated west of the Cascade mountains, densely
covered with forests or thick undergrowth, at
the rates of not exceeding sixteen dollars for
township and section lines, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Utah Ter-
ritory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, forty-
five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Wyoming, at rates not exceeding fif-
teen dollars per lineal milefor standard, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, forty thousand dollars.
Miscellaneous.
To mark and define the boundary line between
the Territory of Utah on the north and of
Idaho on the south, six thousand fourhundred
and eighty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the expense of the survey of the diminished
reservation of the Great and Little Osage In-
dians, in the State of Kansas, seventy-five
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary : Provided, That the amount so paid
for said survey shall be refunded to the Treas-
ury from the proceeds of sale of said reserva-
tion: And provided further, That the com-
pensation for making survey shall not exceed
the respective prices per mile allowed by this
act for surveying public lands in Nebraska and
For continuing the geological survey of the
Temtories of the United States, by Professor
Hayden, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, forty thousand dollars.
For continuing the completion of the survey
of the Colorado of the West and its tributaries,
by Professor Powell, under the direction of
the Smithsonian Institution, twelve thousand
dollars.
For expenses of prosecuting the inquiry au-
thorized by law into the causes of the decrease
of the food fishes of the coast and the lakes,
five thousand dollars, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
For additional compensation to Henry Doug-
lass, in the employ of the Doorkeeper of the
House of Representatives, for the present fiscal
year, one hundred dollars; and his regular
annual compensation is hereby increased that
amount, a sum sufficient to pay which for the
next fiscal year is hereby appropriated, and
hereafter his compensation shall be eight hun-
dred and twenty dollars per annum.
And Godfrey Weitzel, of the corps of engin •
eers. United States Army, and in charge ot j
the improvement of the Louisville canal, is
hereby empowered and directed, subject, to the
approval of the chief of said corps of engineers,
to adjust and pay, out of any money appropri-
ated for the improvement of said canal, to
John B. Brown, any legal or equitable claim he
may have against the United States arising out
of his contract by him to perform work on said
improvement of said canal, in eighteen hun-
dred and seventy: Provided, That there shall
not be paid to him in any event over eight
thousand two hundred dollars, nor more under
that sum than, together with any sums already
paid him on account of said contract and work,
shall be equal to the fair and reasonable value
to the Government of the work done by him
for the Government under such contract.
To pay Vinnie Ream, for making the mar-
ble statue of Abraham Lincoln, ten thousand
dollars, which, in addition to the sum of five
thousand dollars already paid, shall be in full
of all claims for said work.
To reimburse S. Wolf, recorder of deeds for
the District of Columbia, for certain books of
record and indexes purchased by him for the
use of his office, one thousand two hundred
and forty-eight dollars.
To Mary B. Walker, widow of Robert J.
Walker, for money expended by him when
territorial Governor of Kansas, thirteen thou-
sand and three dollars and seventy-five cenls,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to be
paid ou vouchers to be submitted to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury.
For detraying the expenses of taking the
ninth census of the United States, one million
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the payment of pensions, under the
" act granting pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of eighteen hundred and '
twelve, and the widows of deceased soldiers,''
approved February fourteen, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, four million five hundred
thousand dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
Buildings and Groundsill and around Wash-
ington.
For repairs, care, and improvement of public
buildings, grounds, and work3 in the District
of Columbia, under the direction of the chief
engineer of the Army, namely:
For casual repairs of the navy-yard and
upper bridges, five thousand dollars.
For repair of Government water-pipes and
fire-plugs on Pennsylvania avenue, five thou-
sand dollars.
For care and improvement of reservations
on New York, Massachusetts, Vermont, and
Maryland avenues, fifteen thousand dollars.
For cleaning out sewer-traps along Pennsyl-
vania avenue, one thousand dollars.
For improving Massachusetts, Connecticut,
New York, Maine, Delaware, and New Jersey
avenues, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of fences around reserva-
tions, two thousand dollars.
For care and improvement of public reser-
vation number two, and Lafayette square,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For removing snow and ice frow pavements
and public walks, one thousand dollars.
For mannre, and hauling the same to public
grounds and reservations, three thousand dol-
lars.
For painting iroti fences around Lafayette
