1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36*7
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong.... 3d Sess.
square, in front of the War and Navy Depart-
ments, two thousand dollars.
For improvement, care, and protection of
B at9 and fountains in Capitol grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For hire of carts in the public grounds, three
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of'tools used in
public grounds, two thousand dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, and
to whitewash tree-boxes and fences, five thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of flower-pots, mats, glasses,
and twine, one thousand dollars.
For lighting the Capitol, Executive Mansion,
and public grounds, forty thousand dollars.
For pay of lamp-lighters, plumbing, gas-
fitting, lamps, lamp-posts, matches, and re-
pairs of all sorts, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel for centre building of the Capitol,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For annual repairs of the Executive Mansion,
five thousand dollars.
For refurnishingthe Executive Mansion, five
thousand dollars.
For care and improvement of grounds south
of the Executive Mansion, five thousand dol-
lars.
For fuel for the Executive Mansion, three
thousand dollars.
For repair of. greenhouse at the Executive
Mansion, and purchase of plants, three thou-
sand dollars.
For an iron bridge across the canal at Thir-
teenth street west, and improvement of Mon-
umental reservation, five thousand dollars.
For repairs of greenhouse at Propagating
Garden, three thousand dollars.
For contingents of office of public buildings
and grounds, two thousand dollars.
For improving Franklin square, opening
and graveling walks, and planting trees and
shrubbery, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of circle at the intersec-
tion of Massachusetts and Vermont avenues,
six thousand dollars.
For paving on Pennsylvania avenue and
Fifteenth street in front of the property of the
United States, in accordance with the law
making change of grade, fourteen thousand
seven hundred and ninety-two dollars.
For paving Pennsylvania avenue in front of
the Botanic Garden, from the northwest gate
of the Capitol grounds to Third street west,
including grading, laying side-walks, flag foot-
ways, resetting curb, paving, and building
sewer, under act of July eight, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, twenty-five thousand eight
hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
For cutting street through the President's
grounds as per plan, one thousand one hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars.
For construction of circular fence around
and through the President's grounds to Seven-
teenth street west, including foundation walis,
curbing, flagging, and iron fencing, forty-live
thousand five hundred dollars.
Washington Aqueduct.
For finishing coping and iron railing on
bridges numbers one, two, three, and four,
ten thousand dollars.
For widening embankments over conduit
and macadamizing roads, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For completing gate-houses at distributing
reservoir, twenty thousand four hundred and
ninety-six dollars. .
For completing high-service reservoir, four
thousand dollars.
For ventilators over conduit, two thousand
eight, hundred dollars.
For fencing reservoirs, three thousand six
hundred dollars.
For building office at Rock creek bridgs,
tllfee thousand three hundred dollars.
For engineering, superintendence, and re-
pairs for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, twenty
thousand dollars.
For completing earthwork and making the
slope-wall of division dam, twenty thousand
dollars.
For completing slope-wall of distributing
reservoir, twenty thousand dollars.
Armories and Arsenals.
For Springfield armory, Springfield, Mas-
sachusetts :
Repairs and preservation of grounds; build-
ings, and machinery, twenty thousand dollars;
macadamizing public roads in and around the
armory grounds, two thousand dollars.
For completing the bridge at Rock Island,
being an unexpended balance covered into the
Treasury under the act of July twelve, eighteen
hundred and seventy, five hundred thousand
dollars.
For Rock Island armory and arsenal, Rock
Island, Illinois:
Containing the development of water-power,
two hundred thousand dollars; permanent
forging-shop, two hundred thousand dollars ;
constructing permanent workshop, two hun-
dred thousand dollars ; purchasing and laying
pipe, eight thousand dollars; two blocks of
subaltern officers' quarters, fifty-live thousand
dollars; macadamizing maiii avenues and
streets, five thousand dollars; tools and ma-
chinery required for new shops nearly com-
pleted, twenty thousand dollars.
For Alleghany arsenal, Pittsburgh, Penn-
sylvania:
For repairs to public buildings, grounds, and
machinery, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars ; one half the cost of grading, paving, and
curbing on Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth streets,
from Butler street to Penn avenue, and on
Penn avenue, between Thirty-Ninth and For-
tieth streets, eleven thousand five hundred
dollars ; underpinning, and boundary wall, five
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For Augusta arsenal, Augusta, Georgia:
Quarters for married soldiers, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For Benicia arsenal, Benicia, California:
Permanent barracks for enlisted men, and
cistern for same, fifty-two thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-seven dollars; cistern for new
office, two thousand eight hundred and fifty-
seven dollars; brick reservoir, fourteen thou-
sand two hundred and eighty-six dollars;
guard-house and fire-engine house, eleven
thousand four hundred and twenty-nine dol-
lars ; grading and improving arsenal grounds,
five thousand dollars ; repairs of public build-
ings and machinery, one thousand dollars.
For Columbus arsenal, Columbus, Ohio:
Cisterns and wells, one thousand dollars;
grading grounds, makingroads and drains, five
thousand dollars ; repairs to buildings, one
thousand dollars.
For Charleston arsenal, Charleston, South
Carolina:
Repairs of officers' quarters, enlisted men's
barracks, and other public buildings, grounds,
fences, and drains, five thousand dollars.
For Detroit arsenal, Dearbornville, Mich-
igan :
Repairs to public buildings and grounds,
five hundred dollars.
I^or Fort Monroe arsenal, including gun-
yard with new fence, three thousand dollars ;
repairing two store-houses, one thousand five
hundred dollars; painti'ig and repairing public
buildings, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Union arsenal, New Mexico:
One set of quarters, one thousand^live hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars ; repairing build-
itigS atld grounds, threfe thousand dollars.
For Frankford arsenal, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania:
Introducing water into quarters and offices,
one thousand dollars; repairing boundary walls
and embankments, three thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; repairs to public buildings, one
thousand dollars; repairs to machinery, five
thousand dollars.
For Indianapolis arsenal, Indianapolis,
Indiana:
Guard-house and gateway at main entrance,
ten thousand dollars; improving grounds and
roadways, five thousand dollars; repairs to
public buildings, drains, and sewers, six thou
sand dollars.
For Leavenworth arsenal, Leavenworth,
Kansas:
Repairing buildings, fences, cisterns, and
walks, five thousand dollars; painting public
buildings, one thousand five hundred dollars;
macadamizing roadways, on account of wagon-
road leading from Missouri river bridge to
the main road to Leavenworth, three thousand
dollars; erecting a new magazine for storing
ammunition, twelve thousand nine hundred
and fifty dollars.
For New Tork arsenal, Governor's Island,
New York harbor:
Repairs of buildings, quarters, and grounds,
six thousand nine hundred dollars.
For Pikesville arsenal, Pikesville, Mary-
land :
Repairs and preservation of arsenal, bar-
racks, quarters, workshops, stables, magazine,
and inclosures, two hundred dollars.
For Saint Louis arsenal, Saint Louis,
Missouri:
Officers' quarters on Jefferson barracks,
ordnance reservation, eighteen thousand [dol-
lars].
For San Antonio arsenal, San Antonio,
Texas :
Erecting a store building for stables, wagon-
house, and store-room for forage, harness, and
tools, three thousand dollars; repairs of offi-
cers' " quarters, office, and painting fences,
roofs, and gutters of public buildings, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For Vancouver arsenal, Washington Ter-
ritory :
Repairs to public buildings and grounds,
one thousand dollars.
For Washington arsenal, Washington,
District of Columbia:
Improving magazine grounds, two thousand
dollars.
For Watervliet arsenal, West Troy, New
Y ork :
Repairs to buildings, roofs, and permanent
sheds, three thousand dollars: repairs to
bridges, roads, fenees, and inclosing walls,
one thousand dollars.
For Watertown arsenal, Watertown, Mas-
sachusetts :
Repairs of buildings, grounds, and machin-
ery, five thousand dollars.
For contingencies of arsenals:
Repaiis of smaller arsenals, and to meet
such unforeseen expenditures at ars[e]nals
as accidents or other contingencies during
the year may render necessary, ten thousand
dollars.  
Bureau of Refugees, Frecdmen, and Aban-
doned Lands.
For collection and payment of bounty, prize
money, and other legitimate claims of colored
soldiers and sailors, viz.: for salaries of agents
and clerks; rents of offices, fuel, and lights;
stationery and printing; office furniture and
repairs; mileage and transportation of officers
and agents ;' telegi aphing and postage, eighty-
seven thousand five hundred dollar's.
