368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For support of Freedmen's Hospital and
Asylum at Washington, District of Columbia,
viz.: pay of medical officers and attendants;
medicines, medical supplies, and rations ;
dothing; rent of hospital buildings, fuel, and
lights; repairs and transportation, seventy-
eight thousand dollars: Provided, That no
part of said appropriation shall be used in the
support of, or to pay any of the aforesaid ex-
penses on account of any persons hereafter to
be admitted to said hospital and asylum, unless
persons removed thither from some other Gov-
ernment hospital.
Signal OJp.ce.
For manufacture,purchase, or repair [of] me-
teorological and other necessary instruments;
for telegraphic reports : for expenses of storm-
signals announcing probable approach and
force of storms; for instrument shelters ; for
hue, furniture, and expense of offices main-
tained for public use in cities or posts receiv-
ing reports ; for maps and bulletins, to be dis-
played in chambers of commerce and boards
of trade rooms; for books and stationery; and
for incidental expenses not otherwise provided
for, one hundred and two thousand four hun-
dred and fifty-one dollars : Provided, That no
part of this appropriation, nor of any appro-
priation for the several Departments of the
Government, shall be expended for telegraph-
ing between said Departments and their officers
or agents, except at rates first to be established
bjj the Postmaster General, under section two
of chapter two hundred and thirty of the stat-
utes of eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Miscellaneous.
For contingencies of the Army, namely :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to settle the accounts of disbursing officers for
expenditures already made in pursuance of law,
which will not involve any actual expenditure,
but merely a transfer on the books of the
Treasury, two hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasuty to
settle the accounts of disbursing officers for
expenditures already made in pursuance of
law, which will not involveany actual expend-
iture, but merely a transfer on the boobs of
the Treasury, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For payment of costs and charges of State
penitentiaries for the care, clothing, mainte-
nance, and medical attendanceof United States
military convicts confined in them, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the surveys of the northern
and northwestern lakes, one hundred and
seventy-five thousand dollars.
Light-house Establishment.
_ For repairs and incidental expenses in refit-
ting and improving light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, two hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For salaries of' seven hundred and thirty-two
light-house keepers, and light-beacon keepers
and their assistants, four hundred and thirty-
nine thousand two hundred dollars.
For seamen's wages, rations, repairs, sal-
aries, supplies, ana incidental expenses of
twenty five light-vessels, and seven relief light-
vessels, two hundred and sixty-one thousand
six hundred and forty-seven dollars and fifty
cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, removing, and supplying losses of
buoys, spindles, and day-beacons, and for
chains, sinkers, and similar necessaries, two
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
_ For repairsandincidental expenses in renew-
ing. refitting, and improving fog-signals and
buildings connected therewith, thirty thousand
dollars.
I or expenses of visitingand inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand
dollars.
_ For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights on the .Atlantic, Gulf, Lake, and Pacific
coasts with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, chamois
skins, spirits of wine, whiting,polishing powder,
towels, brushes, soap, paints, and other clean-
ing materials, and for expenses of repairing
and keeping in repair illuminating apparatus
and machinery, and of gauging, testing, trans-
portation, delivery of oil and other supplies
for light-houses, and other incidental neces-
sary expenses, three hundred and thirty-one
thousand seven hundred and seventeen dollars.
Survey of the Coast.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic
and Gulf coast of the United States, and Lake
Champlain, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, and excluding pay
and emoluments of officers of the Army and
Navy and petty officers and men of the Navy
employed in the work, three hundred and
ninety-one thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western
coast of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, two
hundred and forty thousand dollars : Provided,
That the operations shall include a hydrographic
development of the dangers of ocean naviga-
tion between San Diego and Panama.
For pay and rations of engineers for the
steamers used in the coast survey, no longer
supplied by the Navy Department, five thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the publication of the obser-
vations made in the progress of coast survey,
including compensation for civilians engaged
in the work, the publication to be made at
the Government Printing Office, ten thousand
dollars.
For repairs and maintenance of the comple-
ment of vessels used iu the coast, survey, forty-
five thousand dollars.
For extending the triangulationof the coast
survey so as to form a geodetic connection
between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the
United States, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, fifteen thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That the triangulation shall
determine points in each State of the Union
which shall make requisite provisions for its
own typographical and geological surveys.
under the navy department.
For Navy- Yards.
For navy-yard at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire :
Repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For navy-yard at Boston, Massachusetts:
Repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For navy-yard at Brooklyn, New York:
Repairs of all kinds, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For navy-yard at Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania:
Repairs of all kinds, forty thousand dollars ;
for building landing wharves, dredging and fill-
ing in, commencing quay-walls, store-houses,
carpenters' shop, joiners' shop, smiths' shop,
machine-shop, offices, steam-engines, scows,
boats, derricks, and machinery and tools of all
kinds at League Island, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For navy-yard at Washington-, District of
Columbia:
Repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For navy-yard at Norfolk, Virginia:
Repairs of all kinds, sevdnty-iive thousand
dollars.
For navy-yard at Pensacola, Florida:
Repairs of all kinds, twenty-five thousand
dollars; permanent improvements, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For navy-yard at Mare Island, California :
Repairs of all kinds, one hundred thousand
dollars; permanent improvements, three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For naval station at Sackett's Harbor, New
York:
Repairs of all kinds, one thousand dollars.
For navaf station at Mound City, Illinois:
Repairs of all kinds, four thousand dollars.
For naval station at New London, Con-
necticut :
Care and protection of public property, five
thousand dollars.
For naval station at Key West, Florida :
Repairs of all kinds, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
_ For emergencies that may arise at naval sta-
tions, fifty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of twenty-five Gatlingguns
and ammunition therefor, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
under the department of agriculture.
^ For improvement of grounds, as follows :
_ For labor, twelve thousand dollars; mate-
rials for completing roads and walks, six
thousand dollars ; for finishing terraces, four
thousand five hundred dollars ; for vases, three
hundred dollars; for tools, repairing, black-
smithing, and similar contingencies, one thou-
sand dollars; and for completing the heating
apparatus for the new greenhouse, three thou-
sand dollars; in all, twenty-six thousand eight
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. That the following sums be, and they
hereby are,appropriated for the various Govern-
ment buildings as hereinafter expressed ; and
any expenditure for any building provided for
under this section,^ otherwise than in accord-
ance with the limitations and conditions
affixed, shall be deemed unlawful, viz.:
government buildings under. the supervis-
ing architect of the treasury.
For custom-house, Astoria. Oregon :
Completion of the building,' ten thousand
dollars.
For custom-house, Cairo, Illinois :
Completion of the building, including grad-
ing, paving, and fencing the grounds, thirty-
three thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight
dollars.
For custom-house, Charleston, South Car-
olina :
Continuation of the construction, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
Forcustom nouse, Ivnoxville, Tennessee:
Continuation of the construction, twenty
thousand dollars.
For custom house, Portland, Oregon .-
Continuation of the construction, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
B orcustom-house, Saint Paul, Minnesota:
Completion of the building, ninety-four
thousand four hundred and eleven dollars.
For post office and court-house, New York:
Continuation of the construction of the
building upon plans that shall limit the ulti-
mate cost of the completion of the building
above the sill course to a sum not exceeding
three million dollars, and subject to no other
limitation or restriction, one million three
hundred and ninety-four thousand eight hun-
dred and ninety-seven dollars : Provided, That
the plans, estimates, and expendituies for the
object shall be so made that in no event shall
the total cost of said building exceed the sum
herein named.
For post office and court-house, Omaha,
Nebraska:
Continuation of the construction, fifty thou-
sand dollars, subject in all respects to the
conditions and limitations in other existing
appropriations for said purpose.
