1871-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laios of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
For post office and sub-Treasury, Boston,
Massachusetts:
Continuation of the construction upon plans
that shall limit the total ultimate cost of said
building to a sum not exceeding one million
five hundred thousand dollars, -and subject to
no other limitation or restriction, nine hundred
and forty-two thousand five hundred and sev-
enty-four dollars.
For branch mint, San Francisco, Cali-
fornia :
Completion of the building, fire hundred
thousand dollars.
For Treasury building, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia:
Forannual repairs and improvements, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For protection of Treasury building on Fif-
teenth street, and repairs of sidewalk, nineteen
thousand eight hundred and sixteen dollars.
For custom-house, New Orleans, Louis-
iana :
Continuing the completion of the building
under the last modified plans submittedby the
supervising architect of tlie Treasury in his
letter of February sixteen, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, or that portion thereof which
substitutes a. cast-iron cornice, and reduces the
total estimate for the completion of the build-
ing to six hundred and twenty thousand dollars,
of which estimate -the sum of one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars is hereby appropriated.
For purchase of a site and the erection of a
building for a custom-house and post office at
Machias, Maine, twenty thousand dollars here-
tofore appropriated.
To complete the construction of the custom-
house building in Portland, Maine, forty-two
thousand eighthundredand thirty-three dollars
and ninety-nine cents.
For the preparation and furniture of an
additional court-room in the court-house at
Williamsport, for the accommodation of the
United States courts, three thousand dollars.
For improvement and repairs upon therooms
in the State-house of Mississippi, which have
been heretofore occupied by the register and
receiverof publiclands at Jackson, Mississippi,
the sum of six hundred dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior: Provided, however, That the register
and receiver aforesaid be allowed the continued
use and occupation of said rooms on the same
terms as heretofore.
Sec. 3. That the following sums be appro-
priated for the purposes herein specified, viz.:
foil light houses, beacon's, axd fog signals.
For Burnt Coal Harbor light-station:
Two beacon-lights, to serve as a range, on
tlie coast of Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For Halfway Rock light-station :
Completing light-house on Halfway rock, off
the coast of Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For Portsmouth light-station:
Building a dwelling for the keeper ofthe
light-house at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
two thousand dollars.
For Whale's Back light-station :
Completing the construction of the works at
Whale's Back light-station, Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, any balances that ma^ remain
unexpended of the existing appropriation on
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
For Baker's Island light-station :
Rebuilding on a proper site the front light
of the range on Baker's Island, off the coast
of Massachusetts, five thousand dollars.
For Salem Harbor light-station:
Completing the three small lightg at Salem
harbor, jlassachusetts, any balance ot the ex-
isting appropriation which may be unexpended
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
41st CoSg. 3d Sess.—No. 24.
For Plymouth, Duxbury, and Kingston
light-station:
Completing the light-house to mark the pier
at the harbor of Plymouth, Duxbury, and
Kingston, any balance of the existing appropri-
ation that maybe remaining .Tune thirty, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one.
For Wood's Hole depot:
Continuing the improvement at the light-
vessel and buoy depot at Wood's Hole, Mas-
sachusetts, five thousand dollars.
For fog-signals in the third district:
Duplicate first-class steam fog-signals for
Beaver Tail, Rhode Island, Little Gull Island,
Long Island sound, and at Sandy Hook, New
York, light-stations, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Sabine's Point light-station:
Erection of a light-house on or near Sabine's
Point, in the Providence river, Rhodd Island,
forty-two thousand dollars.
For Race Rock light-station :
Continuing the construction of the light-house
authorized on Race rock, Fisher's Island
sound, New York, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For Penfield Reef light-station :
Completing the light-house on Penfield reef,
Long Island sound, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For Black Rock light-station:
Building a buoy wharf and shed for storage
of buoys at Block Rock light-station, eight
thousaud dollars.
For Elm Tree beacon:
Protecting the site and repairing the Elm
Tree beacon on Staten Island, New York, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For West Point light-station :
Rebuilding the light-house at West Point,
Hudson river, New York, oiie thousand five
hundred dollars.
For Hudson river beacons:
Restoring ten beacon-lights on stone crib
piers in the Hudson river, which have been
destroyed by ice and freshets, nine thousand
two hundred dollars.
For Cumberland Head light-station :
Purchase of additional land at the Cumber-
land Head light-station, Lake Cbamplain, New
York, three, thousand dollars.
For Juniper Mand light-station:
Construction of a suitable landing and boat-
house at Juniper Island light-station, Lake
Champlain, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For Split Rock light-station :
Construction of boat-ways and providing a
suitable capstan for hauling up the boat at the
Split Rock light-station, Lake Champlain, six
hundred dollars.
For Burlington Breakwater light-station :
Erection of a beacon and a dwelling for the
keeper on the breakwater at Burlington, Ver-
mont, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For Romer Shoal beacon :
Repairing the stone day-beacon on'Romer
Shoal, New York bay, five thousand dollars.
For Staten Island depot:
Continuing the work on improvements of the
basin, wharves, and station at the light-house
depot, Staten Island, New York, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
For Absecom light-station:
Protecting the site of the light-house ot
Absecom, New Jersey, against encroachments
of the sea, four thousand dollars.
For Christiana depot:
Completing the wharves and works ot the
Christiana light-station depot for light-vessels
and buoys, iourteeu thousand dollars.
For Lambert's Poiijt light-station :
Erection of an iron screw-pile light-house on
Lambert's Point shoal, entrance to'Elizabeth
river, Virginia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Bodie's Island light-station :
Completing the first light-Bouse on Bodie's
Island, sea-coast of Nortli Carolina, sixty-five
thousand dollars.
For Sullivan's Island light-station:
Erection of two small lights on Sullivan's
Island, Charleston harbor, South Carolina,
to serve as a range for the inner channel, tea
thousand dollars.
For Danfuskie Island light-station :
Erection of two small lights on or near Dan-
fuskie Island, Savannah river, Georgia,'instead
of Braddock's Point, to serve as a range for
the channel from the Savannah river to C&li-
boque sound, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Oyster Rocks beacon:
Erection of day-beacons on the Oyster rocks,
mouth of Savannah river, Georgia, two thou-
sand dollars.
For north beacons, Amelia Island:
Rebuilding the two beacons on the north side
of Amelia Island, to guide vessels into Saint
Mary's Gut, Fernandina, Florida, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For Dame's Point light-station :•
Erecting an iron screw-pilelight-houseon the
shoals off Dame's point, Saint John's river,
Florida,- twenty thousand dollars.
For Saint Augustine light-station:
Commencing the rebuilding of a first-class
sea-coast light at Saint Augustine, Florida,
sixty thousand dollars.
For Alligator Reef light-station:
Completing the first-class iron screw-pile
light-house at Alligator reef, Florida, sixty
thousand dollars.
For Florida reef beacons :
Building new and restoring old iron-pile day-
beacons, from Cape Florida to Dry Tortugas,
on th% outer Florida reefs, forty thousand
dollars.
For Sand Island light-station:
Continuing the reconstruction of a first-class
sea-coast light-house at Sand Island, entrance
to Mobile bay, Alabama, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For Cat Island light-station :
Re-erection of the light-house on Cat Island,
Mississippi sound, former appropriation re-
verted to theTreasury, twenty thousand dollars.
For Mobile Point light-station:
Re-erection of the light-house on Fort Mor-
gan point, east side of entrance to Mobile bay,
Alabama, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Battery Gladden light-station :
Completion of the iron-pile light-house on
Battery Gladden, Mobile bay, Alabama, five
thousand dollars.
For Proctorsville light-station:
Raising and repairing the light-house at
Proctorsville, Louisiana, five thousand dollars.
For Pass Manchac light-station :
Construction of a breakwater to protect the
light-house at Pass Manchac, Louisiana, one
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For fog-signals, delta of the Mississippi:
First-class steam fog-signals at Pass a Loutre
and Southwest Pass light-houses, Louisiana,
ten thousand dollars. 4
For Point aux Herbes light-station:
Erection of a light-house at Point aux
Herbes, to take the place of the one at Bon-
fouca, Louisiana, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Timbalier light-station:
Rebuilding the sea-coast light at Timbalier
bay, Louisiana, destroyed by a tornado, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Trinity Shoals light-station :
Commencing the construction of an iron
