370
APPENDIX $0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cons....3d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
screw-pile light- house on or near Trinity shoals,
off the coast of Louisiana, sixty thousand dol-
lars.
For Calcasieu light-station:
Erection of an iron screw-pile light-house at
Calcasieu, coast of Louisiana, twenty thousand
dollars.
For Swash light-station:
Re-establishing the light-house at the Swash,
Texas, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Matagorda light-station:
Rebuilding on a proper site the cast-iron
light-house at Matagorda, Texas, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For Fort Niagara light-station:
Rebuilding light-house at E'ortNiagara, New
York, sixteen thousand dollars.
For Buffalo depot:
Reconstruction andimprovementof thelight-
house depot wharf, at Buffalo, New York, ten
thousand dollars.
Fair Haven:
For erection of a pier light-house and dwell-
ing for keeper at Fair Haven, New York, nine
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For Presque Isle light-station:
Renovating and improving the Presque Isle
light-station, Brie, Pennsylvania, two thousand
dollars.
For Conneaut light-station:
Erection of a dwelling for the keeper of the
Conneaut light-house, Ohio, four thousand
dollars.
For Ashtabula light-station:
Erection of a dwelling for the keeper of the
Ashtabula light-house, Ohio, four thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding light-house at Cleveland,
Ohio, fifty thousand dollars.
For Grand River (Ohio) light-station :
Completing the tower and constructing a
dwelling for the keeper at Grand river, (Fair
Port,) Ohio, ten thousand dollars.
For pier-head beacon-lights on the lakes:
marking such pier-heads belonging to tho
United States on the northern and northwest-
ern lakes as may require lights; erection of a
beacon-light and fog-signal on the end of the
pier at Grand Haven, Grand river, Michigan,
twenty-nine thousand dollars.
For Vermillion light-station:
Erection of a dwelling for the keeper of
Vermillion light-house, Ohio, four thousand
dollars.
For Huron light-station:
Erection of a dwelling for the keeper of
Huron light-house, Ohio, four thousand dol-
lars.
For Maumee light-station:
Erection of a dwelling for the keeper of the
outer Maumee range-lights, Ohio, three thou-
sand dollars.
For Saint Clair Flats light-station :
Completing the construction of the two lights
to serve as a range for the new channel at
Saint. Clair flats, Michigan, thirty-three thou-
sand dollars.
For Spectacle lieef light-station:
Completing the light-house works on Spec-
tacle reef, in Lake Huron, one hundred and
sixteen thousand dollars.
" For fog signals on the lakes: establishing
fog-signals at the following points on the lakes,
viz,: Thornton's Bay island, Whitefish point,
Detour, Waugoshance, Skilligallee, McGul-
pin's point, and Granville Island; establishing
fog signals atFort Gratiot, Presque Isle, Lake
Huron, Huron Island, and Manitou Island
light-houses on the lakes, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For R.outh Manitou light-station:
Cotupletiag the' rectmstructiod of the South
Manitou lake-coast light, in addition to the
balance of the former appropriation, twenty
thousand dollars.
For South Haven beacon :
Erection of a beacon-light at South Haven,
Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For Calumet light-station:
Re-establishing the light at Calumet, Illinois,
and erecting a dwelling for the keeper, ten
thousand dollars.
For Chicago light-station:
Removing the main light from Chicago pier
to Grosse point, as a lake-coast light, and for
putting a beacon-range on the pier, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
For Fox river range-lights:
Erection of two small lights at the mouth
of Fox river, Green bay, to serve as a range
for the channel, eleven thousand dollars.
For Huron Island light-station :
Cutting a road from the landing ta light-
house on Huron Island, Lake Superior, two
thousand dollars.
For Portage range-lights:
Protecting the site and filling in the marsh
at Portage range light-station, Lake Superior,
nine hundred dollars.
For Eagle river light-station :
Rebuilding upon a proper site the light-
house at Eagle river, Lake Superior, fourteen
thousand dollars.
For erection of a beacon-light and dwelling
for the keeper on Lake Superior, at the term-
inus of the Northern Pacific railroad, Minne-
sota, ten thousand dollars.
For Cape Foulweather light-station :
Erection of a first-class sea-coast light at or
near Cape Foulweather, Oregon, ninety thou-
sand dollars.
For Fauntleroy Rock beacon :
Erection of a day-beacon, Fauntleroy rock,
Crcscent City harbor, California, five thousand
dollars.
For Point Bonita light-station :
Establishment of a first-class steam fog-
signal at Point Bonita light-station, entrance
to San Francisco harbor, California, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For San Pablo Straits light-station:
Erection of a light-house and fog-signal to
guide through the straits of San Pablo, Cali-
fornia, twenty thousand dollars.
For Pigeon Point light-station :
Continuing and completing the light-house
and fog-signal works at Pigeon point, sea-coast
of California, ninety thousand dollars.
For Point Conception light-station :
Establishment of a first-class steam fog-
signal at Point Conception light-station, on
the sea-coast of California, six thousand dol-
lars.
For Point Arena light-station :
Establishment of a first-class steam fog-
signal at Point Arena light-station, California,
eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For Cape Flattery light-station :
_ Establishment of a first-class steam fog-
signal at Cape Flattery light-station, entrance
to Puget sound, Washington Territory, ten
thousand dollars.
For a life-saving station on Narragansett
beach, Rhode Island, under acts approved
July twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
and March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, seven thousand dollars.
First, Second, and Third Districts.
For light-house and buoy-tenders:
Steam_tender for the first and second light-
house districts, (Maine and Massachusetts,)
fifty thousand dollars.
For steam tender fp'r the third light-house
district, fifty thousand 'dollars.
Sec. 4. That whenever it shall be shown to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that parties are entitled to refund of duties
under the twenty-sixth section of the act of
July fourteen, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and joint resolution approved January thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
draw his warrant upon the Treasurer, directing
said Treasurer to refund the same out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 5. That there be appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of seventeen thousand
five hundred dollars for the salary of an envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary,
and twenty-five hundred dollars for the salary
of a secretary, and eighteen hundred dollars
for that of an assistant secretary of legation to
the German empire.
Sec. 6. That the appropriation made March
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, hav-
ing been covered into the Treasury, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed, upon the site already given to and
owned by the United States, a suitable build-
ing, fire-proof, at Columbia, South Carolina,
for the accommodation of the post office and
United States circuit and district courts ; and
for this purpose there is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, seventy-five thousand dol-
lars, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall cause
proper plans and estimates to be made, so
that no expenditure shall be made or author-
ized for the full completion of said building
beyond the amount herein appropriated: Pro-
vided, That no money hereby appropriated
shall be used or applied for the purposes men-
tioned until it shall appear that the State has
duly released and relinquished to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess the
site, or the property of the United States that
may be thereon, daring the time that the Uni-
ted States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Sec. 7. That all fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, heretofore or that may be hereafter in-
curred, the acts entitled respectively, "An act
to extend the laws of the United States relat-
ing to customs, commerce, and navigation over
the territory ceded to the u nited States by Rus-
sia, to establish a collection district therein,
and for other purposes," approved July twenty-
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and
"An act to prevent the extermination of fur-
bearing animals in Alaska," approved. July
one, eighteen hundred and seventy, shall be
disposed of according to the provisions of the
act entitled "An act to regulate the disposition
of the proceeds of fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures incurred uuder the laws relating to the
customs, and for other purposes," approved
March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Sec. 8. That the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he hereby is, authorized to increase
the compensation of assistant marshals in tak-
ingthecensus of eighteenhundred andseventy,
whenever, in his judgment, the same shall be
necessary: Provided, That in no case shall
such increase exceed fifty per centum of the
amount of compensation now allowed by law,
nor shall the entire compensation be more than
eight dollars per day for the time actually
employed; and the joint resolution entitled
"A resolution in relation to the compensation
of assistant marshals for taking the census of
eighteen hundred and seventy," approved June
nine, eighteen hundred and seventy, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 9. That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to pre-
scribe such rules and regulations for the ad-
mission of persons into thecivif service of the
