3T4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
public transports on the various rivers, the
Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific;
for procuring water at such posts as, from their
situation, require it to be brought from a dis-
tance; and for clearing roads and removing
obstructions from roads, harbors, and rivers,
to the extent which may be required for the
actual operations of the troops in the field,
four million dollars.
For hire of quarters for officers on military
duty, hire of quarters for troops, of store-
houses for the safekeeping of military stores,
and of grounds for summer cantonments; for
' the construction of temporary huts, hospitals,
and stables; and for repairing public build-
ings at established posts, four million dollars.
For beating and cooking stoves, five thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of clothing,
camp and garrison equipage, and for preserv-
ing and repacking stock of clothing, camp and
garrison equipage, and materials on hand at
the Schuylkill arsenal and other depots, five
hundred thousand dollars.
For establishing and maintaining national
cemeteries, two hundred thousand dollars.
For Aimy contingencies, namely: such ex-
penses as are not provided for by other esti-
mates, embracing all branches of the military
service, fifty thousand dollars.
For purchase of medical and hospital sup-
plies, pay of private physicians employed in
emergencies, hire of hospital attendants, ex-
penses of purveying depots, of medical exam-
ining boards, and incidental expenses of the
medical department, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For the Army Medical Museum and medical
and other necessary works for the library of
the Surgeon General's office, seven thousand
dollars,
For trials with torpedoes for harbor and land
defence and to instruct the engineer troops in
their practical construction and application,
ten thousand dollars.
Far completion of barracks and officers'
quarters at the engineer depot at Wiilet's
Point, New York, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs and preservation of bridge equip-
age, ten thousand dollars.
For purchase and supply of material and
labor for repairs of quarters and barracks at
engineer posts, two thousand dollars.
For the ordnance service required to defray
Lhe current expenses at the arsenals ; of receiv-
ing stores and issuing arms and other ordnance
supplies; of police and office duties; of rents,
tolls, fuel, and lights; of stationery and office
furniture; of tools and instruments for use;
of public animals, forage, and vehicles; inci-
dental expenses of the ordnance service,
including those attending practical trials and
tests of ordnance, small arms, and other ord-
nance supplies, two hundred thousand dollars.
For manufacturing metallic ammunition for
small-arms, one hundred thousand dollars.
For overhauling, preserving, and cleaning
new ordnance stores on hand in the arsenals,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For sea coast cannon, and carriages for the
tame, two hundred thousand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of other ord-
nance stores, to fill requisition of troops, fifty
thousand dollars.
For manufacture of arms at the national
ai nicry, one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lar.
Sec. 2. That the X'resident of the United
States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized
to nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appointa board of com-
missioners, to be designated as commissioners
ot claims, to consist of three commissioners,
who shall be commissioned for two years, and
whose diity it be to reee'YP, ex wipe, and
consider the justice and validity of such claims
as shall be brought before them, of those citi-
zens who remained loyal adherents to the cause
and the Government of the United States dur-
ing the war, for stores or supplies taken or
furnished during the rebellion for the use of
the Army of the United States in States pro-
claime'd as in insurrection against the United
States, including the use and loss of vessels or
boats while employed in the military service
of the United States. And the said commis-
sioners in considering said claims shall be sat-
isfied from the testimony of witnesses under
oath, or from other sufficient evidence, which
shall accompany each claim, taken under such
rules and regulationsas the commissioners may
adopt, of the loyalty and adherence of the
claimant to the cause and the Government of
the United States before and at the time of
the taking or furnishing of the property for
which any claim shall be made, aud of the
quantity, quality, and value of the property
alleged to have been taken or furnished, and
the time, place, and material circumstances
of the taking or furnishing of the same. And,
upon satisfactory evidence of the justice and
validity of any claim, the commissioners shall
report their opinion in writing in each case,
and shall certify the nature, amount, and value
of the property taken, furnished, or used as
aforesaid. And each claim which shall be con-
sidered, and rejected as unjust and invalid,
shall likewise be reported, with the reasons
therefor; and no claimant shall withdraw any
material evidence submitted in support of any
claim.
Sec. 3. That said commissioners shall each
take the oath of office provided by law to be
taken by all officers of the United States, and
shall proceed without delay to discharge their
duties under this act. The President of the
United States shall designate in his appoint-
ment one of said commissioners to be president
of the board, andshall be authorized to fill any
vacancy which may occur, by reason of death
or resignation, in said board ; and each com-
missioner shall have authority to administer
oaths and affirmations, and to take the depo-
sitions of witnesses in all matters pertaining
to their duties. The said commissioners shall
meet and organize said board, and hold their
sessions at Washington. Two members of the
board shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of business, and the agreement of two
shall decide all questions in controversy. The
said commissioners shall have authority to
make and publish rules for theirprocedure, not
inconsistent with this act, and shall publish
notice of their sessions. They shall keep a
journal of their proceedings, to be signed by
the president of the board, and a register of all
claims brought before the board, showing the
date of presentation, number, name, and resi-
dence of claimant, subject-matter and amount
of claim, and the amount, if any, allowed;
which records shall be open to the inspection
of the President and Attorney General of the
United States, or of such officer as the Presi-
dent may designate.
Sec. 4. That said commissioners shall make
report of their proceedings, and of each claim
considered by them, at the commencement of
each session of Congress, to the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, who shall lay
the same before Congress for consideration ;
and all claims within this act and notpresented
to said board shall be barred, and shall not be
entertained by any Department of the Govern-
ment without further authority of Congress.
Sec. 5. That the commissioners of claims
shall be paid quarterly under this act, at the
rate of five thousand dollars per annum each,
and they shall have authority to appoint one
clerk aud one short-hand reporter, to be paid
quarterly at the rate of two thousand five hun-
dred dollars per a^num each, ai)d one njesseji-
ger, to be paid at the rate of one thousand two
hundred dollars per annum, who shall perform
the services required of them respectively, and
said board shall be further allowed the neces-
sary actual expenses of office rent, furniture,
fuel, stationery, and printing, to be certified
by the presidentofthe board, and to be audited
on vouchers, and paid as other judicial expenses
are.
Sec. 6. That a sufficient appropriation to
carry this act into effect is hereby made, oul
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 7. That the Secretary of War be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to nego-
tiate with a responsible party to build and
operate a telegraph line from Yaneton, Dakota
Territory, to Fore Randall, Dakota, and thence
to Fort Sully, if, in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of War, the public service demands such
extension. And upon the completion of each
hundred miles of said line to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of War, he is authorized to
pay the party constructing the same the sum
of eight thousand dollars; and upon the com-
pletion of the whole line he shall pay, as afore-
said, the sutn of eighty dollars per mile for
any number of miles the same may extend over
the number of even hundreds: Provided, That
the money so paid shall be refunded to the
United States in the use of said telegraph line
at rates not higher than charged private indi-
viduals, nor higher than may, in the opinion
of said Secretary, be just: Provided also, That
when the money advanced by the said Secre-
tary of War shall be fefunded, as above pro-
vided, the United States shall have no title to
nor Hen upon said line, but may at all times
use the same for public purposes at such rates
as may be just.
Sec. 8. That an amount necessary to enable
the Secretary of War to carry into effect the
piovisions of the foregoing section is hereby
appropriated outof any moneysin the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 9. That, in accordance with the fifth
section of the act approved July two, eighteen
hundred aud sixty-four, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,'
approved July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two," the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to pay over in money to the
Pacific Railroad companies mentioned in said
act, and performing services for the United
States, one half of the compensation at the
rate provided by law for such services, here-
tofore or hereafter rendered : Provided, That
this section shall not be construed to affeetthe
legal rights of the Government or the obli-
gations of the companies, except as herein
specifically provided.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following suras
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the naval service
of the Government for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and
for other purposes;
For pay of commissioned and warrant offi-
cers at sea, on shore, on special service, and
of those fin the retiretj liqt and unemployed,
and for mileage or transportation pf officer^
travelling under orders, and for pay of the
