IcSTl.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, lands-
men, and boys, including men for the engin-
eer' force, eight thousand five hundred men,
nt an average pay of three hundred dollars
each [>er annum, six million five hundred
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Navy De-
partment, one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
To restore to the contingent fund of the
Navy the expense of preparing and furnishing
the vessel for the expedition toward the north
pole, provided for in the act app[r]oved July
twelve, eighteen hundred and seventy, 'fifty
thousand dollars.
BUREAU OP YARDS AXD DOCKS.
For Civil Establishment at the Navy-Yard,
Kittery, Maine.
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ; for
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, one
thousand five hundred dollars; for receiver
and inspector of stores, one thousand five
hundred dollars; for writer to receiver and
inspector of stores, one thousand dollars; for
chief accountant, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; for gate-keeper and detective, one
thousand dollars; and for messenger at com-
mandant's office, six hundred dollars, making
in all ten thousand two hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Charlestown, Massachu-
setts.
For assistant to eivil engineer, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for draughtsman and
elerk to civil engineer, at one thousand four
hundred dollars each; for clerk of pay-rolls
and mustering clerk, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for receiver and inspector of
stores, one thousand five hundred dollars; for
writer to receiver and inspector of stores, one
thousand dollars; for writer to commandant,
one thousand dollars; for chief accountant,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; for gate-
keeper and detective, one thousand^ dollars;
and for messenger for commandant s office,
six hundred dollars; in all, twelve thousand
seven hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Brooklyn, New York.
For assistant to civil engineer, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for draughtsman, and
clerk to civil engineer^ at one thousand four
hundred dollars each; for receiver and in-
spector of stores, one thousand five hundred
dollars; for clerk ot pay-rolls and mustering
clerk, one thousand five hundred dollars; ior^
writer to commandant, <5ne thousand dollars;
for chief accountant, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; for gate-keeper and detective,
one thousand dollars; lor mail-carrier, nine
hundred dollars; and for messenger for com-
mandant's oSlice, six hundred dollars; m all,
twelve thousand sis hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania.
For draughtsman, and clerk to civil engineer,
one thousand four hundred dollars each, tor
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, one
thousand live hundred dollars; for receiver
and inspector of stores, one thousand iive
hundred dollars: for chief accountant, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; tor gate-
keeper and detective, one thousand dollars ;
and for messenger for the commandant s office,
mx hundred dollars; in all, nine thousand two
hundred dollars.
-li the Navy Yard, Washington, District of
Columbia.
For draughtsman, and clerkto civil engineei,
at. one thousand four hundred dollars each;
tor receiver and inspector of stores, one thou-
sand live hundred dollars; for elerk o PJ1)'"
rolls and mustering clerk, one thousand isve
hundred dollars; for chief accountant, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; for clerkto
chief accountant, one thousand two hundred
dollars; for gate-keeper and detective, one
thousand dollars; for mail messenger, one
thousand dollars; and for messenger for com-
mandant's office, six hundred dollars; in all,
eleven thousand four hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Norfolk, Virginia.
For draughtsman, and elerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each;
for receiver and inspector of stores, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; for clerk of pay-
rolls and mustering clerk, one thousand five
hundred dollars ; for gate keeper and detect-
ive, one thousand dollars; and for messenger
for commandant's office, six hundred dollars;
in all, seven thousand four hundred dollars.
At the Kavy- Yard, Fensacola, Florida.
For superintendent of yard improvements,
two thousand dollars; for receiver and in-
spector of stores, one thousand five hundred
dollars; for gate-keeper and detective, one
thousand dollars; for messenger for the office
of the commandant, six hundred dollars; in
all, five thousand one hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Mare Island, California.
For assistant to eivil engineer and draughts-
man, one thousand eight hundred dollars; for
clerk to civil engineer, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for receiver and inspector of
stores, one thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars; for clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, one thousand eight hundred
and seventy-five dollars; for chief accountant,
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five
dollars; for gate-keeper and detective, one
thousand dollars; and for messenger for com-
mandant's office, seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars; in all, ten thousand six hundred and
seventy-live dollars.
At the Naval Asylum.
For steward, four hundred and eighty dol-
lars; for matron, three hundred dollars; for
cook, one hundred and sixty-eight dollars;
assistant cook, one hundred and twenty dol-
lars; four laundresses, at one hundred and
eight dollars each; eight scrubbers and house-
cleaners, at ninety-six dollars each; six labor-
ers, at two hundred and forty dollars each,
and seven laborers, at two hundred and sixty-
four dollars each; master-at-arms, four hun-
dred and eighty dollars ; lor ship's corporal,
three hundred dollars; for barber, three hun-
dred and sixty dollars; superintendent, five
hundred and forty dollars; in all, seven thou-
sand two hundred and thirty-six dollars.
For the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia.
For support of the institution, sixty-five
thousand one hundred dollars; which shall he
paid out of the income from the naval pension
fU For protection of timber lands, five thousand
dollars. .
For contingent expenses of Bureau ot
Yards and Docks, viz.
For freight and transportation of materials
and stores; printing, stationery, and odve*;^-
ina; books, models, maps, and drawings^ pur-
chase and repair of fire-.engmes; machinery
and patent-rights to use the same; repairs on
steam-engines, and attendance on the same,
purchase and maintenance of oxen and horses,
and driving teams, carts, and timber-wheels
for navy-yard purposes, and tools and repan.
ot same; postage^on letters on public, servic
and telegrams; furniture for (jovernment
houses and offices in navy-yards; coal and
other fuel: candles, oils, and gas; c awing
and clearing up anl* care buildings,
^ ndan e on^res; light,; fire-engines and
appaW incidental labor at navy-yards,
water tax, and for toll and ferriages; pay of
the watchmen in the navy-yards; and for flags,
awnings, and packing-boxes, eight hundred
thousand dollars.
BUREAU [OP] EQUIPMENT AND RECRUITING.
For Equipment of Vessels.
For coal for steamers' use, including ex-
penses of transportation; storage, labor,
hemp, wire, and other materials for the man-
ufacture of rope; hides, cordage, canvas,
leather; iron for manufacture of cables,
anchors, and galleys; condensing and boat-
detacliing apparatus; cables, anchors, furni-
ture, hose, bake-ovens, and cooking-stoves,
life-rafts, heating apparatus for receiving-ships;
and for the payment of labor in equipping ves-
sels, and manufacture of articles in the navy-
yards pertaining to this bureau, one million
five hundred thousand dollars.
Civil Establishment at the Navy• Yard, Kittery,
Maine.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for store clerk, one
thousand one hundred dollars; and for time
clerk, nine hundred dollars; in all, three
thousand four hundred dollars.
At the Navy■ Yard, Boston.
For superintendent of ropewalk, one thou-
sand nine hundred dollars ; clerk to same, one
thousand two hundred dollars ; clerk in equip-
ment office, one thousand five hundred dollars ;
for store clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars ; time clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars ; in all, seven thousand dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Philadelphia.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars ; for one store and one
time clerk, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each; in all, three thousand eight
hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Washington.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars; and for one store and
one time clerk, one at one thousand four
hundred dollars, one at one thousand two
hundred dollars; in all, four thousand one
hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Brooklyn, New York.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars ; and for one store and
one time clerk, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each ; in all, three thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Norfolk.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for store cleik, one
thousand one hundred and twenty-five dollars ;
and for time clerk, nine hundred dollars; m
all, three thousand four hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Fensacola.
For equipment office clerk, one thousand
three hundred dollars.
At the Naey- Yard, Mare Island.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars; lor
store clerk, one thousand two hundred dollui.s ;
three thousand and seventy-five dollars.
For contingent expensesof Bureau of
Equipment and Kecruiting, name!}';
For freight and transportation of stores,
transportation of enlisted men, mileage to
honorably discharged men, printing, advoilih-
in«, telegraphing, stationery, apprehension ol
deserters" assistance to vessels m d,stre**, one
hundred and twenty-fiva thousand dollars.
bubeau of navigation.
For foreign and local pilotage and towiige of
ships of war, fifty thousand dollars.
