3t«
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~~ ~ -   - -   -
[March 3,
t-.
41st CoNCT....3i> Sess.
Laws of the United State's.
Fei- Services and materials in correcting
oSriipasseS bn board, ship, and for adjusting
"arid testing bOmp'as'ses on shore, three thousand
dollars.
For nautical and astronomical instruments,
nautical books, maps, and charts, arid sailing
directions, and repairs of nautical instruments
for ships of war, ten thousand dollars.
> Pot books for libraries for ships of war, three
> thousand dollars.
For Navy signals and apparatus, namely,
signal-lights, lanterns, aiid rockets, including
ruiniing lights, drawings, and. engravings for
signal-books, six thousand dollars.
For compass fittings, including binnacles,
pedestdlk, tripods, and other appendages of
ships' compasses to be made in the navy-yards,
five thousand dollars.
For logs and other appliances for measuring
the ships' way, leads, and other appliances for
sounding, three thousand dollars.
l?or lanterns and lamps and their appendages
for general use on boaril ship, including those
for, uie cabin, ward-room, and steerage, for the
liolds and spirit-room, for decks and quarter-
master's use, six thousand dollars.
For bunting and other materials for flags,
and making and repairing flags of all kinds,
five thousand dollars.
For oil for ships pf war other than that used
for the engineer, department, candles when
used as a substitute for oil in running lights,
for chimneys and wick and soap used in nav:
gation department, forty thousand dollars.
For stationery for commanders and nav
gators of vessels ef war, five thousand dollars
For musical instruments, and music for ves
sels of war, one thousand dollars.
For- steering signals and indicators, and for
speaking-tubes and gongs, for signal communi-
cation on board ships of war, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For drawing, engraving, and printing charts,
eloctrotyping and correcting old plates, pre-
paring and publishing sailing directions, and
other iiydrographic information, ten thousand
dolldrs.
Civil Establishment.
for pay of writers and laborers, and for
purposes incidental to the support of the civil
establishment under this bureau at the several
navy-yards, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Navigation:
Freight and transportation of navigation
materials; instruments, books, and stores;
postage aud telegraphing on public business;
advertising for proposals,; packing-boxes and
materials; Blank books, forms, and stationery,
at navigation oifiees, six thousand dollars.
For rent of building, fuel, lights, and office
furnitute; care of building and other labor;
purchase of books for library, drawing mate-
rials, and other stationery, postage, freight,
and other contingent expenses, ten thousand
dollars.
For expenses of Naval Observatory,
namely:
For pay of one clerk, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For three assistant observers, fouir thousand
dollars.
For payment, in part, for the grteat refract-
ing telescope now in course of construction,
ten thousand dollars:
For purchase of chronograph, Ave hundred
dollars.
For coriiputation for theory and tables of the
moon, two thousand dollars.
For preparing instruments for observation
of transit Of Venus, two thousand dollars:
Provided, That this and Sill other appropria-
tions made for the observations of the transits
of Yenus shall be expended, subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Navy, under
the direction of a commission to be composed
of the Superintendent and two of the profess-
ors of mathematics of the Navy attached .to
the Naval Observatory, the president of the
National Academy of Sciences, and the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey, for which ser-
vice they shall not receive any compensation.
For wages of one instrument-maker, one
messenger, three watchmen, and one porter;
for keeping grounds iti order and repairs to
buildings; for fuel, light and office furniture,
and for stationery, purchase of books for
library, chemicals for batteries, postage, and
freight, and all other contingent expenses,
thirteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of Nautical Almanac:
Por pay of computers and clerk for com-
piling and preparing for publication the Amer-
ican Ephemeris and the Nautical Alqanac,
eighteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For rent, fuel, labor} stationery, boxes,
expresses, and miscellaneous items, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
BUREAU OP ORDNANCE.
For ten fifteen-inch guns, to meet contingen-
cies, seventy thousand dollars.
For one thousand two hundred and fifty bar-
rels of gunpowder, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For fuel and materials necessary in carrying
on the mechanical branches of the ordnance
department at the navy-yards and stations,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For labor at navy-yards, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs to ordnance buildings, maga-
zines, gun-parks, machinery, and other neces-
saries of the like character, seventy thousand
five hundred and nine dollars.
For miscellaneous items, six thousand one
hundred and fifty dollars.
For experiments in ordnance, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For improvements at the nitre depot, Mai-
den, seven thousand three hundred and sixty
dollars; at the magazine, Norfolk, one thou-
sand dollars.
For the construction of two iron-plated tor-
pedo boats, six hundred thousand dollars.
For the Torpedo Corps.
For the purchase and manufacture of gun-
powder, nitro-glycerine, and gun-cotton, seven
thousand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of electrical
machines, galvanic batteries, and insulated
wire, twenty thousand dollars.
For purchase of copper, iron, wood, and
other materials necessary for the manufacture
of torpedoes, and for work on the same,
eighteen thousand dollars.
For construction of torpedo boats, purchase
of coffer- work or hulks, and contingent ex-
penses, twenty thousand dollars.
For additional buildings, and repairs to
buildings and to wharf, five thousand dollars.
For labor, including one chemist at two
thousand dollars, one foreman machinist at
one thousand five hundred and sixty-five dol-
lars, and one clerk, ten thousand dollars.
Civil Establishment.
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishment of the several navy-yards undef
this bureau, fifteen thousand dollars.
Fsr contingent expenses of the ordnance
service of the Navy, one thousand dollars.
BUREAU OP CONSTRUCTION" AND REPAIR.
For preservation of vessels on ,the stocks
and in ordinary; purchase of materials and
stores of all kinds; labor in navy-yards and
on foreign stations; preservation of material.)
purchase of .tools; wear; tear, and repair of
vessels afloat; and general maintenance of the
Navy; incidental expenses) advertising, and
foreign postages, three million five hundred
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pur-
chase of Seth Wilmarth "theright to use, foi
all purposes, his patent called hydrostatic
arrangement for raising turrets," fifty thousand
dollars: Provided-, That he shall execute, to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Navy,
an instrument conveying to the United States
full right to use the same under his patent,
and under all improvements, modifications, or
extensions of the same, which may now' or
hereafter exist.
Civil Establishment at the Navy- Yard, Kiilery.
For clerk of storehouses, one thousand five
hundred dollars; inspector of timber, draughts-
man, clerk to naval constructor, time clerk,
and superintendent of,floating dock, at one
thousand four hundred dollars each, eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
At the Navy• Yard, Boston.
For clerk to naval constructor;, inspector of
timber, and time clerk, at one thousand five
hundred dollars each; draughtsman to naval
constructor, one thousand four hundred, dol-
lars ; and clerk of storehouses, at one thou-
sand two hundred dollars each; iti all, seven
thousand one hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Brooklyn, New York.
For draughtsman to paval constructor, one
thousand four hundred dollars ; clerk to naval
constructor, inspector of timber, and time
clerk, at brie thousand Jive hundred dollars
each; and clerk of storehouses, at one thousand
two hundred dollars each; seven thousand oiie
hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Philadelphia.
For clerk of storehouses, one thousand five
hundred dollars ; inspector of timber, draughts-
man for naval constructor, clerk to naval con-
structor, time clerk, and superintendent of
floating dock, at one thousand four hundred
dollars each ; in all, eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Washington.
For clerk of storehouses, one thousand four
hundred dollars ; inspector of timber, clerk to
naval constructor, and time cleik, at one thou-
sand two hundred dollars each; in all, five
thousand dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Norfolk.
For draughtsman to naval constructor, and
clerk of storehouses, atone thousand four hun-
'"dred dollars each ; and time clerk, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars; in all, four thou-
sand dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Pensacola.
For clerk of storehouses, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Mare Island, California,
For draughtsman to naval constructor, one
thousand four hundred dollars; inspector of
timber, clerk of storehouses, clerk to naval
constructor, superintendent of floating dock,
and time clerk, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each; eight thousand nine hundred
dollars.
BUREAU OF STEAlf ENGINEERING.
For repairs and preservation of machinery,
boilers, labor in navy-yards, coal, transporta-
tion, materials; and stores, tine million dollars :
Provided, That no money appropriated by this
act shall be expertded on account of naval
engines contracted for during the war.
Kemoving machinery and tools from old to
new machine shops, for converting old machine
shops into a storehouse, and repairs to yard
machinery at Brooklyn navy-yard, seventy-five
thousand dollars:
