3,78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong.....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
mechanics, repair of arms, purchase of accou-
trements, ordnance stores, flags, drums, fifes,
and other instruments, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For transportation of officers and their ser-
vants, and troops, and for expenses of recruit-
ing, twelve thousand dollars.
Pot repairs of barracks, and rent of offices,
where there are no public buildings, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies, namely: freight; fer-
riage ; toll; cartage ; wharfage ; purchase and
repair of boats ; labor; house rent of officers'
quarters; burial of deceased marines ; print-
ing, stationery, postage, telegraphing; appre-
hension of deserters; oil, candles, gas ; repairs
of gas and water fixtures; water rent, forage,
straw, barrack furniture ; furniture for officers'
quarters; bed-sacks, wrapping-paper, oil-cloth,
crash, rope, twine, spades, shovels, axes, picks,
carpenters' tools ; keep of ahorse for the mes-
senger; repairs to fire-engines, purchase and
repair of engine hose ; purchase of lumber for
benches, mess-tables, bunks; repairs to public
carryall; purchase and repair of harness; pur-
chase and repair of hand-carts and wheelbar-
rows; scavengering; purchase and repair of
galleys, cooking-stoves, ranges; stoves, where
jtheie are no grates; gravel for parade grounds;
"repair of pumps ; brushes, brooms, buckets,
paving, and for other purposes, forty thousand
dollars: Provided, That the amount of fifty
thousand dollars appropriated by section nine
of an act making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
approved July twelfth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, to be expended under the direction
of the President in organizing and sending out
an expedition to the north pole, shall not be
carried to the surplus fund or covered into the
Treasury until the purpose of said appropria-
tion shall have been completed, but may be
applied to expenses of said expedition incurred
during any subsequent year that said expedi-
tion may be engaged on its duties.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Navy is
hereby authorized to have built, by contract
in some private yard, a floating iron dock, for
the repair of naval vessels on their stations,
and a sum not exceeding one million dollars
is hereby appropriated for this purpose. And
the said contract shall only be made to the
lowest responsible bidder, and on plans and
specifications which shall be open for the in-
spection of bidders for at least ninety days
before the day of letting said contract, after
the public notice by advertisement for at least
thirty days in at least one daily newspaper
published in each of the cities of Boston, Now
York, and Philadelphia, inviting sealed bids
for such contract, which bids shall be opened
and the award of the contract made publicly
by the Secretary of the Navy, at a time and
place to be specified in such notice. And no
contract shall be made for a dock under this
section at a cost exceeding one million dollars:
Provided, That if it be thought best by a board
consisting of chiefs of the Bureaus of of " Con-
struction and Repairs," "Steam Engineer-
ing," and " Yardsand Docks," that plans and
specifications shall be invited from responsible
builders, engineers, and others outside of the
Navy Department, the Secretary of the Navy
may, by public advertisement, as provided in
this section, advertise for such plans and speci-
fications to accompany bids for the construc-
tion of the dock according to the same ; in
which case the Secretary of the Navy shall
refer all suehpians and specifications and bids
and the bids on the plans furnished by the
Department to a board of at least five expe-
rienced officers, a majority of whom shall be
constiuctors and engineers, and one of whom
ipay be an experienced civilian engineer, who
shall consider and report which of all the bids
is the lowest for the purposes of this contract,
taking into consideration the plans and speci-
fications on which they are respectively made :
Provided, however, That if the contract shall
be awarded upon plans and specifications fur-
nished by persons outside of the Department,
such contract shall not be entered into unless
the contractor shall furnish good and sufficient
security in at least five hundred thousand dol-
lars, in addition to the reservations on said
contract, that the dock, when completed, shall
be portable and safe, and shall in all respects
answer the purposes for which it was built.
Sec. 3. That no chief of a bureau shall make
any contract for supplies for the Navy, to be
executed in a foreign country, except it be on
first advertising for at least thirty days in two
daily newspapers of the city of New York, in-
viting sealed bids for furnishing the supplies
desired, which bids shall be opened in the
presence of the Secretary of the Navy, and
the heads of two bureaus; and contracts shall
in all cases be awarded to the lowest bidder ;
and paymasters for the Navy on foreign sta-
tions shali render, when practicable, with their
accounts, for settlement, an official certificate
from the resident consul, commercial, or con-
sular agent of the United States, if there be
one, to be furnished gratuitously, vouching
that all purchases and expenditures made by
said paymasters were made at the ruling mar-
ket prices of the port or place at the time of
purchase or expenditure.
Sec. 4. That the President be, and he is
hereby, authorized to accept the resignation
of any officer in the Navy until the number of
officers in the grade to which such officer shall
belong is reduced to the number authorized
by law, whose resignation shall take effect on
or before the first day of January next, and
any officer so resigning shall be entitled to one
year's sea pay in addition to the pay due such
officer at the date when his resignation shall
take effect: Provided, That this section shall
not apply when the number of officers shall
have been reduced to the number allowed by
law.
Sec. 5. That the officers of the medical
corps on the active list of the Navy shall be
as follows:
Fifteen medical directors, who shall have
the relative rank of captain;
Fifteen medical inspectors, who shall have
the relative rank of commander; and
Fifty surgeons, who shall have the relative
rank of lieutenant commander or lieutenant;
and each and all of the above-named officers
of the medical corps shall have the pay of
surgeons in the Navy as now provided; and
medical directors and inspectors, on duty at
sea, shall receive the pay of fleet surgeons.
One hundred assistant surgeons, who shall
have the relative rank of master or ensign,
with the present pay of assistant surgeon in
the Navy: Provided, That assistant surgeons
of three years' service, who have been found
qualified for promotion by a medical board of
examiners, shall have the pay of past assistant
surgeons, as now provided ; and passed assist-
ant surgeons shall have the relative rank of
lieutenant or master; and no person under
twenty-one, or over twenty-six years of age,
shall hereafter be appointed an assistant sur-
geon in the Navy.
PAY CORPS.
Sec. G. That the officers of the pay corps
on the active list of the Navy shall be as fol-
lows : '
Thirteen pay directors, who shall have the
relative rank of captain ;
Thirteen pay inspectors, who shall have the
relative rank of commander; and
Fifty paymasters, who shall have the rela-
tive rank of lieutenant commander or lieuten-
ant.
And each and all of the above-named officers
of the pay corps shall have the pay of pay-
masters in the Navy as now provided; and
pay directors and inspectors on duty at sea
shall receive the pay of fleet paymasters.
Thirty passed assistant pay masters, who shall
have the relative rank of lieutenant or master,
with the pay of passed assistant paymasters in
the Navy as now provided.
Twenty assistant paymasters, who shall have
the relative rank of master or ensign, with the
pay of assistant pay masters as now provided :
Provided, however, That all laws and regula-
tions relating to the bonds of paymasters shall
continue in full force and application, and the
issuing of a new appointment and commission
to any officer of the pay corps under the pro-
visions of this act shall not affect or annul any
existing bond, but the same shall remain in
force, and apply to such new appointment and
commission.
ENGINEER. CORPS.
Sec. 7. That the officers of the engineer
corps on the active list of the Navy shall be as
follows:
Ten chief engineers, who shall have the
relative rank of captain ;
Fifteen chief engineers, who shall have the
relative rank of commander; and
Forty-five chief engineers, who shall have
the relative rank of lieutenant commander or
lieutenant.
And each and all of theabove-named officers
of the engineer corps shall have the pay of
chief engineers of the Navy as now provided.
One hundred first assistant engineers, who
shall have the relative rank of lieutenant or
master; and
One hundred second assistanlengineers,who
shall have the relative rank of master or ensign;
and the said assistant engineers shall have the
pay of first and second assistant engineers of
the Navy, respectively, as now provided.
Sec. 8. That no person under nineteen o\;
over twenty-six years of age shall be appointed
a second assistant engineer in the Navy ; nor
shall any person be appointed or promoted in
the engineer corps until after he has been found
qualified by a board of competent engineer and
medical officers designated by the Secretary
of the Navy, and has complied with existing
regulations.
Sec. 9. That of the naval constructors two
shall have the relative rank of captain, three
of commander, and all others that of lieuten-
ant commander or lieutenant; and assistant
naval constructors shall have the relative rank
of lieutenant or raster; four chaplains shall
have the relative rank of captain, seven that
of commander, and not more than seven that of
lieutenant commanderorlieutenant; and that
the President of the United States is hereby
authorized, in his discretion, to determine and
fix; the relative rank of civil engineers: Pro-
vided, That the pay of said officers shall not
be increased.
Sec. 10. That the foregoing grades, hereby
established for the staff corps of the Navy,
shall be filled by appointment from the highest
numbers in each corps, according to seniority,
and that new commissions shall be issued to
the officers so appointed, in which commis-
sions the titles and grades herein established
shall be inserted ; and no existing commission
shall be vacated in the said several staff corps, ,
except by the issue of new commissions re-
quired by the provisions of this act, and no
officer shall be reduced in rank or lose senior-
ity in his own corps by any change which may
be required under the provisions of this act;
and the officeis of the staff corps of the Navy
shall take precedence in their several corps,
and in their several grades, and with officers
of the line with whom they hold relative rank,
according to length of service in the Navy:
Provided, tT'hat m estimating tlje length of
