1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CO^GrBESSIOXAL GLOBE.
379
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cons.... 3d Sess.
service for this purpose, the several officers
of ihe staff corps shall respectively take pre-
cedence in their several grades and with those
dili^ers of the line of the Navy with whom they
hold relative rank who have been in the naval
M-ivice six years longer than such officers of
said staff corps have been in said service: And
prodded further, That in estimating such
length of service, officers who have been ad-
vanced or lost numbers on the Navy Register
shall be considered as having gained or lost
lengih of service accordingly: And provided
further, That chiefs of bureau may be ap-
pointed fiom officers having the relative rank
of captain in the staff corps of the Navy on
the active list: And provided further, That
110 staff officer shall, in virtue of his relative
rank or precedence, have any additional right
to quarters : And provided further, That any
staff officer of the Navy who has performed
the duty of chief of a bureau of the Navy
Department for a full term shall thereafter be
exempt from sea duty, except in time of war.
Sec. 11. That officers of the medical, pay,
and engineer corps, chaplains, and professors
of mathematics, and also constructors, who
shall have served faithfully for forty-live years,
shall, when retired, have the relative rank.of
commodore; and officers of these several corps
who have been or shall be retired at the age
of sixty-two years, before having served for
forty-five years, but who shall have served
faithfully until retired, on the completion of
forty years from their entry into the service,
shall also from that time have the relative
rank of commodore; and staff officers who
have been or shall be retired for causes in-
cident to the service before arriving at sixty-
two years of age shall have the same rank on
the retired list as pertained to their position
on the active list : Provided, however, That
nothing contained in this section shall be con-
strued to increase .the pay now provided for
said several staff officers.
Sec. 12. That the chiefs of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, Provisions and Cloth-
ing, Steam Engineering, and Construction and
Repair, shall have the relative rauk of commo-
dore while holding said position, (or if here-
tofore or hereafter retired therefrom by reason
of age or length of service,) and shall have,
respectively, the title of Surgeon General, Pay-
master General, engineer-in-chief, and chief
constructor: Provided, That when the office
of chief of bureau is filled by a line officer
below the rauk of commodore, said officer
shall have the relative rank of commodore
during the time he holds said office; And
provided further, That the pay of chiefs of
bureau in the Navy Department shall be the
highest pay of the grade to which they belong,
but not below that of commodore; andofficers
of the staff now on the retired list shall have
the rank thereon to which they would have
been entitled had'they remained in the active
list, unless they shall be entitled to higher
rank. That commanding officers of vessels
of war and of naval stations shall take pre-
cedence over all officers placed under their
command, and the Secretary of the Navy may,
in his discretion, detail a line officer to act as
the aid or executive of the commanding officer
of a vessel of war, or naval station, which
officer shall, when not impracticable, be next
in rank to said commanding officer, and who,
us such aid or executive, shall, while execut-
ing the orders of the commanding officer, on
board such vessel, or at such station, take pre-
cedence over all officers attached to such ves-
sel or station; and all orders of such aid or
executive shall be regarded as proceeding from
the commanding officer; and such aid or ex-
ecutive shall have no independent authority in
consequence of such detail; and staff officers,
senior to the officer so detailed, shall have the
right to communipate directly with the com-
manding officer, and iu processions on shore,
on courts-martial, summary courts, courts of
inquiry, boards of survey, and all other boards,
line and staff officers shall take precedence
according to rank.
Sec._ 13. That all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Repair, Preservation, and Com-
pletion of certain Public Works on Rivers
and Harbors, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
of money be, and are hereby, appropriated-,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
for the repair, preservation, and completion
of the following public works hereinafter
named:
For improvement of Superior City harbor,
Wisconsin, sixty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Marquette harbor, Lake
Superior, Michigan, sixty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Green Bay harbor,
Wisconsin, seventeen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For improvement of Manitowoc harbor,
Wisconsin, eleven thousand dollars.
Far improvement of Sheboygan harbor,
Wisconsin, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Port Washington harbor,
Wisconsin, fifteen thousand dollars.
]?or improvement of Milwaukee harbor,
Wisconsin, thirty-eight thousand dollars.
For improvement of Racine harbor, Wis-
consin, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Kenosha harbor, Wis-
consin, ten thousand dollars. .
For improvement of Two Rivers harbor,
Wisconsin, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Ahnapee harbor, Wis-
consin, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of harbor at mouth of
Menomonee river, Wisconsin and Michigan,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of the north and south
branches of the Shrewsbury river, New Jersey,
fourteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Aux Bees Scies harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of South river, New
Jersey, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the removal of obstructions of Salem
river, New Jersey, four thousand dollars.
For improvement of Manistee harbor, Mich-
igan, nine thousand dollars.
For improvement of Ouachita river from the
Louisiana State line to the town of Arkadel-
phia, in the State of Arkansas, on said river,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Pere Marquette harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
Forimprovement of Pentwaterharbor, Mich-
igan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of White river harbor,
Michigan, twenty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Muskegan harbor,
Michigan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Grand Haven harbor,
Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For improvement of Black Lake harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saugatuck harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Cheboygan harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of South Haven harbor,
Michigan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Saint Joseph harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars. _
Forimprovement of Saint Marys Falls canal,
and Saint Mary's river, Michigan, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Au Sable river, Mich-
igan, ten thousand dollars.
For harbor of refuge, Lake Huron, Mich-
igan, one hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement of Clinton river, Michigan,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For improvement of Saint Clair flats, Mich-
igan, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For improvement of Toledo harbor, Ohio,
fifty thousand dollars.
Forimprovement of Ashtabula harbor, Ohio,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For clearing and buoying the channel of the
Schuylkill river, at its mouth, at Gibson's
point, and above to the Chestnut street bridge,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For improvement of Erie harbor, Pennsyl-
vania, twenty-nine thousand dollars.
Forimprovementof Chicago harbor, Illinois,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For harbor of refuge, at Calumet. Illinois,
fifty thousaud dollars.
For improvement of Michigan City harbor,
Indiana, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Dunkirk harbor, New
York, twenty-five thousand dollars. •- .
For improvement of Port Jefferson harbor,
Long Island, New York, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For improvement of Buffalo harbor, New
York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement of Olcott harbor, New
York, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Oak Orchard harbor,
New York, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Charlotte harbor, New
York, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Little Sodus harbor,
New York, fifteen thousand dollars.
For improvement of Pultneyville harbor,
New York, five thousand dollars.
For improvement of Oswego harbor, New
York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement of Ogdensburg harbor,
New York, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Forimprovementof Plattsburgharbor, New
York, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Peconic river, below
the village of Riverhead, Long Island, five
thousand dollars.
Forimprovement of Burlington harbor, Ver-
mont, thirty thousand dollars.
For the preservation of the falls of Saint
Anthony, and the navigation of the Mississippi
river above the same, fit'ty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Ouachita river, iu
Louisiana, from the Arkansas State line to
the mouth of said river, twenty-six thousand
dollars.
For improvement of the upper Mississippi
river, and removing snags and dredging, forty-
two thousand dollars: Provided, That no part
of such sum shall be paid for the use of any
patent or patented machine in which any en-
gineer or officer employed by the Government
may be interested.
For improvement of the Minnesota river,
ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Rock Island rapids,
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Des Moines rapids,
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Mississippi, Missouri,
and Arkansas rivers, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For improvement of the mouthof the Missis-
sippi river, one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For improvement of the falls of the Ohio
river, and Louisville canal, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Ohio river, fifty
thousand dollars.
