382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including iosuranee and transportation there-
of, in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care -for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their comfort, civilization, and improve-
ment, thirty thousand dollars.
Blackfeet, Bloods, and Piegans.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
in instructing in agricultural and mech^i-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in every otherrespect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, fifty thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molattas, and Clackamas, of Wil-
lamette Valley.
For second of five instalments of the fourth
series of annuity for beneficial objects, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
Cheyenncs and Arapahoes.
For fourth of thirty instalments provided to
be expended under tenth article treaty Octo-
ber twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, twenty thousand dollars.
For purchase ofclothingasper same article,
fourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of physician and teacher, as per
thirteenth article same treaty, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, as per same article, five
thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of seeds and agricultural imple-
ments, to be furnished each head of a family
or lodge, ten thousand dollars.
For last of three instalments, to be expended
in presents to the ten persons of said tribe who,
in the judgment of the agent, may grow the
most valuable crops for the respective year, as
per fourteenth article same treaty, five hun-
dred dollars.
For transportation of goods, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
Chickasaws.
For permanent annuity in goods, three thou-
sand dollars.
Boise Fort Band of Chippewas.
For sixth of twenty instalments, for the
support of one blacksmith and assistant, and
for tools, iron and steel, and other articles
necessary for the blacksmith shop, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For sixth of twenty instalments for the sup-
port of one school-teacher, and for necessary
books and stationery, as per third article treaty
of April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, eight hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty instalments for the
instruction of Indians in farming, and purchase
of seeds, tools, and so forth, as per third arti-
cle of treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six. eight hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty instalments of annuity
in money, to be paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, three thousandfive hundred
dollars.
For sixth of twenty instalments of annuity
in provisions, ammunition, -and tobacco, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred atitl sixty-six; one thousand ddliiU-s.
For sixth of twenty instalments of annuity
in goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of de:
livery of annuity goods and provisions, per sixth
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments in
coin, per fourth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five
thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments in
goods, household furniture, and cooking uten-
sils, per fourth article treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
agricultural implements and cattle, carpenters'
and other tools, and building materials, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, three thousand
dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
moral and educational purposes, three hundred
dollars of which to be .paid to the Grand Port-
age band yearly, to enable them to maintain a
school at their village, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, three thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
six smiths and assistants, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
the support of six smiths' shops, per second
and fifth articles treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty instalments for the
seventh smith and assistant, and support of
shops, per second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand and sixty dsliars.
For support of smith and shop, during the
pleasure of the President, as per seventh and
twelfth articles of treaty of April seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, six hundred
dollars.
For support of two farmers, during the
pleasure of the President, as per twelfth arti-
cle treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and seventh article of
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred' and
sixty-six, twelve hundred dollars. *
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuity and provisions for
Chippewas of Lake Superior, three thousand
dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be used at the discretion of
the President, to carry on the work of instruct-
ing and aiding the Chippewas of Lake Superior,
including the Boise Fort band, in the arts of
civilization, with a view to their self-support,
fifteen thousand dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For fifth of ten instalments of the second
series in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article treaty seventh May, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, four thousand one hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For fifth of ten instalments of the second
series, for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
a,nd forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and third article treaty seventh May, eighteen
hutidted atid sixty-foutj four hutidtfid dtsliatis.
For fifth of ten instalments of the second
series in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
article treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fifth of ten instalments of the second
series, for support of schools, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
an-1 forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and third article treaty seventh May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, six hundred and sijefcy-
six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For fifth of ten instalments of second series,
for the purchase of provisions and tobacco,
per fourth article treaty fourth October, eight-
een hundred and forty-two, and eighth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, and third article of treaty seventh
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six hun-
dred and sixty-seven dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For fifth of ten instalments of the second
series', for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen' hundred and fifty-four,
and third article treaty of seventh May, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, six hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For fifth of ten instalments of the second
series, for pay of two farmers, per third arti-
cle treaty May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, three hundred and thirty-three
dollars and thirty-three cents.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments of
annuity in money, per third article treaty of
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-fifth of twenty-six instalments,
to be paid the Chippewas of Mississippi, per
third article treaty of August second, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, one thousand dol-
lars.
For fourth of ten instalments, for the sup-
port of a school or schools upon said reserva-
tion, in accordance with third article of treaty
of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, four thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten instalments, to be expended
in promoting the progress of the people in
agriculture and assisting them to become self-
sustaining, in accordance with third article of
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten instalments, for the sup-
port of a physician, in accordance with third
article treaty of March nineteen, eighteen hun-
dre d and sixty-seven, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For fourth of ten instalments, for the purchase
of necessary medicines, in accordance with
third article of treaty March nineteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, three hundred
dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions for
Chippewas of Mississippi, in accordance with
sixth article of the treaty of March nineteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi, Pillager, and
Lake Wimiebag\p\shish Bands of Chippewa
Indians.
For eighth of ten instalments to furnish said
Indians with ten yoke of good work-oxen,
twenty log-chains, two hundred grubbing hoes,
ten plows, ten grindstones, one hundred axes,
(handled,) twenty spades, and other farming
implements) pet- fifth article treaty May sev-
