386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States. ■
such land shall thereby forfeit all claim to
lands within the Indian territory which have
been or shall be purchased out of the proceeds
of the sale of the land of the Osages, in the
State of Kansas: And provided further, That
the land so entered shall not be alienable
by such half breed or mixed-blood without
the consent of the Secretary of the Interior,
approved by the President.
For the purpose of providing subsistence
and clothing, and aiding said Indians in estab-
lishing themselves in their homes, fifty thou-
sand dollars, to be reimbursed to the United
States from the interest on the proceeds of
the sales of the lands of the said Indians in
Kansas: Provided, That the laws of the United
States relating to town sites be extended over
all the lands obtained of the Osage Indians in
the State of Kansas.
Ottawas and Chippewas of Michigan.
For last of four equal annual instalments
in coin of the sum of two hundred and six
thousand dollars, being the unpaid part of the
principal sum of three hundred and six thou-
sand dollars, to be distributed per capita, in
the usual manner of paying annuities, per third
articleof the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifty-one thousand five
hundred dollars.
Otioes and Missourias.
For fourth of fifteen instalments, being the
third series, in money or otherwise, per fourth
article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, nine thousand dollars.
Pawnees.
For perpetual annuity, at least one half of
which to be in goods and such articles as may
be deemed necessary for them, per second
articletreaty twenty-fourth September,eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, thirty thousand dollars.
For support of two manual labor schools,
per third articletreaty September twenty-four,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand
dollars.
For pay of one farmer, two blacksmiths, and
two apprentices, one miller and apprentice,
one engineer, and two teachers, five thousand
seven hundred and eighty dollars.
For pay of physician and purchase of medi-
cines, one thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel and other
necessaries for the shops, five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of farming utensils and
stock, twelve hundred dollars.
For repair of grist and saw mills, three hun-
dred dollars.
-For transportation and insurance, and neces-
sary cost of delivery of annuities for the Paw-
nees, two thousand dollars.
Poncas.
For eighth of ten instalments, (second series,)
to be paid to them or expended for their ben-
efit, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to be expended during the
pleasure of the President in furnishing such
aid and assistance in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, including the working of the
mill, as provided by second article of the
treaty of March twelve, eighteen hundred and
sixty [fifty]-eight, as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may consider advantageous and necessary,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be used at the discretion of
the President to carry on the work of aiding and
instructing the Poncas in the arts of civiliza^
tion, with a view to their self-support, and for
subsistence and clothing, ten thousand dollars.
Pottawatomies. *
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August, seventeen hundred
and ninety-five, four hundred and. eighteen
dollttfg Silil fliii-ty-five tfetft's.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and nine, two hundred and nine
dollars and eighteen cents._
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, one thousand and forty-five
dollars and eighty-seven cents.
For permanent annuity in money, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eight-
een hundred and twenty eight, eight hundred
and thirty-six dollars and sixty-nine cents.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, six thousand six hundred
and ninety-three dollars and fifty-eight cents.
For life annuity to chief (Alexander Robin-
son), per third article treaty of October twenty,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, and third
article treaty September twenty-six, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, five hundred dol-
lars: Provided, That satisfactory evidence
shall be shown to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior that the said chief provided for by said
articles is still living.
For educational purposes, five thousand
dollars.
For permanent provision for payment of
money, in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel,
per second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, one hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars and fifty cents.
For permanent provisions for three black-
smiths and assistants, and for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and sec-
ond article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, one thousand one
hundred and seventy-nine dollars and seventy-
four cents.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article of treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, one
hundred and eighty-three dollars and three
cents.
For interest on two hundred and sixty-eight
thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight dollars
and seventeen cents, at five per centum, in
conformity with provisions of article seven of
treaties of June five and seventeen, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, thirteen thousand four
hundred and forty-nine dollars and ninety cents.
For this amount to be chargcd to the Potta-
watomie fund, to enable the President of the
United States to carry out the provisions of
the third article of the treaty of November
fifteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, with
the Pottawatomie Indians, as modified by the
treaty of March twenty-nine, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, by payirag to those two hundred
and fifty members of the tribe who have elected
to become citizens, in accordance with said
article, the proportion of the cash value of the
Pottawatomie annuities to which they are en-
titled, one hundred and thirty-two thousand
three hundred and fifty-six dollars and sixty-
five cents, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary to comply with the provisions of said trea-
ties, of which amount forty-five thousand eight
hundred and seventy-one dollars and fifty-six
cents, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
is hereby appropriated in coin, as contemplated
in treaties of November fifteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, and March twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six. And the Sec-
retary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
sell two hundred and fifty twenty-one-hundred-
and-eightieth parts of the several classes of
bonds originally held (before the distribution
made to the six hundred Pottawatomies by act
of July .twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight) b"y him ih trust for ahd belonging
to said Pottawatomie Indians, and pay the
proceeds thereof without any deduction, in
compliance with the provisions of said treaties,
it being the share of the above-mentioned two
hundred and fifty persons in the bonds belong-
ing to said Indians.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity, in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty of November
seventeen, eighteen hundred and seven, four
hundred dollars.
Quapaios.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits,in providing employees,educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attend-
ance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote
their civilization and improvement, two thou-
sand six hundred and sixty dollars.
Qui-nai-eU and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
For the second of five instalments on twenty
five thousand dollars (being the first series)
for beneficial objects, under the direction of
the President, per fourth article treaty of July
one, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth
article treaty July one, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for support
of smith and carpenter shop, and to provide
the necessary tools therefor, per tenth article
treaty July one, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employment of a blacksmitji, carpenter, and
farmer, and a physician, who shall furnish
medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
July one, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand one hundred dollars.
River Crows.
For this amount, to be expended for such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President from time to time may determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
of, in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, thirty thousand dollars.
liogue Rivers.
For second of five instalments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty September ten, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, three thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty November three,
eighteen hundred and four, one thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty October twenty-one, eighteen hundred
and thirty seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty October eleven, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, forty thousand dollars.
For third of five instalments for support of
a physician and purchase of medicines, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Put thita of five iastalmelts for supplying
