1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
41st Cons....3d Sess.
said tribes with tobacco and salt, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest 011 one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
Centura, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty of October twenty-
one, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven
thousand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
For interest on eleven thousand six hundred
and fifteen dollars and twenty-five cents, at
five per centum, from Juneseventeen, eighteen
Jiundredand sixty-five, to January one, eighteen
hundred and seventy, two thousand six hundred
and thirty-six dollars and forty-nine cents.
Seminoles.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as an-
nuity, per eighth article treaty August seven,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as
annuity, (they having joined their brethren
West,) per eighth article treaty August seven,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at the
rate of five per centum per annum, " to be
paid annually for the support of schools," as
per third article treaty of March twenty-one,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars, at
the rate of five per centum per annum, "to be
paid annually," for the support of the Sem-
inole government, as per third article treaty of
March twenty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, one thousand dollars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty September twenty-nine, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty September seventeen, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shops and
tools, iron and steel, to be applied as stipu-
lated in seventh article treaty of February
twenty-three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, six hundred dollars.
Senecas of 1Veto York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of February nineteen, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, six thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on sev-
enty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
• per act of June twenty-seven, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, three thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-
three thousand and fifty dollars, transferred
from the Ontario Bank to the United States
Treasury, per act of June twenty-seven, eight-
een hundred and forty six, two thousand one
hundred and fifty-two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty September seventeen, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
iron and steel, one thousand and sixty dollars.
Senecas, Mixed Senecas, and Shawnees, Qua-
paios, Confederated Peorias, Kaskaskias,
IFeas, and Piankeshaws, Oltawas of Blanch-
ard's Fo, k, and lioche de Bceuf, and certain
Wyandotts.
For third of five instalments for blacksmith
and assistant, shop and tools, iron and steel
wt shop fbr Shawiiees, five hundred dollars.
For third of six instalments for pay of black-
smith, and for necessary iron and steel and
tools for Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, and
Piankeshaws, one thousand one hundred and
twenty-three dollars and twenty-nine cents.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty August three,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty May ten, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, in specie, for educa-
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty Sep-
tember twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and
seventeen, and third articl# treaty May ten,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty
thousand dollars, for educational purposes,
per third article treaty May ten, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
SHOSHONES.
Eastern Bands.
For eighth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per fifth article treaty July two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Western Bands.
For eighth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or hprdsmen, per seventh article treaty Octo-
ber one, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
five thousand dollars.
Northwestern Bands.
For eighth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per third article treaty July thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five thou-
sand dollars.
Ooship Band.
For eighth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under direction of the President, in
the purchase of such articks, including cattle
for herding or other purposes, as he shall deem
suitable to their wants and condition as hunt-
ers or herdsmen, one thousand dollars.
SHOSIIOXES AND BAXXOCKS.
Shoshones.
For first of three instalments for the purchase
of seed and implements to the heads of families
or lodges who shall continue to farm (say one
hundred families), two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For second of thirty instalments to purchase
eight hundred suits of clothing for males over
fourteen years of age, the flannel, hose, calico,
and domestics for eight hundred females over
the age of twelve years, and such goods as may
be needed to make suits for eight hundred boys
and girls, thirteen thousand eight hundred and
seventy-four dollars.
For first of ten instalments for the purchase
of such articles as may be considered proper
by the Secretary of the Interior for one thou-
sand eight hundred persons roaming, and six
hundred persons engaged in agriculture, thirty
thousand dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, as per tenth
article treaty July three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, six thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For first of three instalments to be expended
in presents for the ten persons who grow the
most valuable crops, under same act and treaty,
five hundred dollars.
For pay of second blacksmith and furnishing
iron and steel and other materials, under same
article of said treaty, two thousand dollars.
Bannocks.
For second of thirty instalments to purchase
four hundred suits of clothing for males over
fourteen years of age, the flannel, hose, calico,
and domestics for four hundred females over ,*
the age of twelve years, and such flannel and
cotton goods as may be needed, to make suits
for four hundred boys and girls, six thousand
nine hundred and thirty-seven dollars.
For second of ten instalments for the pur-
chase of such articles as may be considered
proper by the Secretary of the Interior for
eight hundred persons roaming, and four hun-
dred persons engaged in agriculture, sixteen
thousand dollars.
I?or purchase of seeds and agricultural imple-
ments to be furnished the heads of families or
lodges who desire to commence farming, ten
thousand dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, six thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For second of three instalments, to be ex-
pended in presents for the ten persons who
grow the most valuable crops, five hundred
dollars.
For transportation of goods that may be pur-
chased for the Shoshones and Bannocks, filteen
thousand dollars.
Shoshones and Bannocks, and other bands of
Idaho and Southeastern Oregon.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, or other articles as the Presi-
dent may from time to time determine, includ-
ing insurance and transportation thereof; in
instructing in agricultural pursuits ; in provid-
ing employees, educating children, procuring
medicine and medical attendance; care for and
support of the aged, sick, and infirm ; for the
helpless orphans of said Indians; and in any
other respect to promote their civilization,
comfort, and improvement, forty tkousaud
dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty Novem-
ber seventeen, seventeen hundred and ninety-
four, four thousand five hundred dollars.
Sioux of different Tribes, including Santee
Sioux in the State of Nebraska.
For the erection of a steam circular saw-mill,
with grist-mill and shingle-machine attached,
eight thousand dollars.
For first of three instalments for purchase
of seeds and implements to be furnished heads
of families er lodges (say six hundred), fifteen
thousand dollars.
For pay of second blacksmith, and furnishing
iron, steel, and other material, two thousand
dollars.
For second of thirty instalments to purcha.se
clothing for males over fourteen years of age;
for flannel, hose, calico, and domestics required
for females over twelve years of age; and for
such flannel and cotton goods as may be needed
to make suits for boys and girls, one hundred
and fifty-nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For second of thirty instalments to purchase
such articles as may be considered proper by
the Secretary of the Interior for persons roam-
ing and for persons engaged in agriculture,
two hundred and thirty-six thousand dollars.
For second of four instalments for purchase
of beef and flour, under tenth article treaty of
April twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, and for subsistence of Yankton Sioux,
one million three hundred and fourteen thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of physician, five teachers, one car-
penter, oiie miller, one engineer, one farmer,
