388
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mar cK 3,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and one blacksmith, tea thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For second of three instalments, to be ex-
pended in presents to the ten persons who
grow the most valuable crops, five hundred
dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and the neces-
sary expenses of delivering goods to be pur-
chased for the different bands of the Sioux
Indians, under treaty of April twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Sisseton and WaJipeton and Santee Sioux of
Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, or other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
of, in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
atteudance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, seventy-five thousand dollars.
S' Klallams.
For second of five instalments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fifth series,) under the
direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty January twenty-six. eighteen hundred
and fifty-live, two thousand four hundred
dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
article treaty October [January] twenty-six,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and a physician, who shall furnish medicine
for the sick, per treaiy June [January] twenty-
six, eighteen hundred and filty-iive, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
For support of a smith and carpenter shop,
and to provide the necessary tools therefor,
five hundred dollars.
Tabeguache Band of Utah Indians.
For the eighth of ten instalments for t.he
purchase of goods, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, per eighth article
treaty of October seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and Senate amendment of March
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
ten thousand dollars.
■For the eighth of ten instalments, per eighth
article (if said treaty, for the purchase of pro-
visions, under the direction of the Secretary
of I he Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For the pu'chase of iron, steel, and tools
neees-'arv for blacksmith's shop, as per tenth
article of said ireaiy, two hundred aud twenty
do'lars.
For pav of blacksmith and assistant, as per
same article of same treaty, one thousand one
hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and general
incidental expenses of the delivery of goods,
provisions, and stock, as per fame article of
same treaty, two thousand dollars.
Tabeguache, Muache, Capote, Wee?ninuche,
Yampa, Grand liiver, and Uintah Bands
of Dies.
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, two
. fariiits, and one blacksmith, as per fifteeuth
article treaty of March two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, nine thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, per same article,
two thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel, and the
necessary tools for blacksmith's shop, two
hundred and twenty dollars.
For third of thirty instalments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, for clothing, blankets, and
such other articles as he may think proper
and necessary, under eleventh article of same
treaty, thirty thousand dollars.
For annual amount, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in supplying said Indians with beef, mutton,
wheat, flour, beans, and potatoes, as per
twelfth article same treaty, thirty thousand
dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods
as may be purchased for said Indians, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
Umpquas (Cow Creek Band).
For eighteenth of twenty instalments in
blankets, clothing, provisions, and stock_, per
third article treaty September nineteen, eight-
een'hundred and fifty-three, five hundred and
fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua Valley,
Oregon.
For second of five instalments of the fourth
series of annuity for beneficial objects, to be
expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty November twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty instalments for
the pay of a teacher and purchase of books
and stationery, per sixth article treaty Novem-
ber twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand four hundred and fifty
dollars.
Wichitas, and other Affiliated Bands, and
Indians in Country leased from Choctaws.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
of, in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employees, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, aud improve-
ment, forty thousand dollars.
Walla-Walla, Cai/use, and Umatilla Tribes.
For second of five instalments of third series,
to be expended under the direction of the
President, per second article treaty June nine,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand
dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
purchase of all necessary mill fixtures and
mechanical tools, medicines, and hospital
stores, books aud stationery for schools, repairs
of school building, and furniture, and for em-
ployees. three thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
pay and subsistence of one superimendent ot'
farming operations, one farmer, two millers,
one blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker,
one carpenter and joiner, one physician, and
two teachers, per fourth article treaty June
nine, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eleven
thousand two hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
pay of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-
Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the sum
of five hundred dollars per annum, per fifth
article treaty June nine, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on eight hundred and ninety-five
thousand four hundred and ninety-three dol-
lars and fifteen cents, at five per centum, per
fourth article treaty November one, eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven, and joint resolution
July seventeen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, forty-four thousand seven hundred and
seventy-four dollars and sixty-six cents.
For twenty fifth of thirty instalments of in-
terest on seventy-six thousand one hundred
and sixteen dollars and ninety-two cents, at
five per centum, per fourth article treaty Octo-
ber thirteen, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
three thousand eight hundred and five dollars
and eighty-four cents.
For interest on one hundred and seventy-
nine thousand and ninety-eight dollars and
sixty-three cents, at five per centum, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, for the erection of houses,
improvement of their allotments of land, pur-*
chase of stock, agricultural implements, seeds,
and other beneficial purposes, eight thousand
nine hundred and fifty-four dollars and ninety-
three cents.
For the proportion of one hundred and sixty
persons of one million dollars, placed to the
credit of said Indians on the books of the
Treasury, as per fourth article of the treaty
November one, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, whole number of the tribe being one
thousand five hundred and thirty-one persons,
one hundred and four thousand five hundred
and six dollars and eighty-five cents.
For the proportion of one hundred and sixty
persons of eighty-five thousand dollars, placed
to the credit of said Indians on the books of
the Treasury, as per fourth article treaty Octo-
ber thirteen, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
whole number one thousand five hundred and
thirty-one, eight thousand eight hundred and
eighty-three' dollars and eight cents.
For the proportion of one hundred and sixty
persons of two hundred thousand dollars,
placed to the credit of said Indians on the
books of the Treasury, being the amount in
part taken from their tribal funds to pay the
expenses of their removal from Minnesota,
provided for in public act number one hun-
dred and eighty seven, approved July fifteen,
eighteen hundred and seventy, whole number
one thousand five hundred and thirty-one,
twenty thousand nine hundred and one dollars
and thirty-seven cents. The foregoing amounts
for said one hundred and sixty persons are
appropriated from the sums respectively named
standing to the credit of the Winnebagoes oil
the books of the Treasury, and shall be deducted
therefro in.
For insurance and transportation of goods
that may be purchused for said Indians, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Wall-pah-pec Tribe of Snake Indians.
For the last of five instalments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President,
as per seventh article treaty of August twelve,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, two thousand
doilais.
Yalcama Nation. t
For first of two instalments of third series
for beneficial objects, under the direction of
the President, per fourth article treaty June
nine, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thou-
sand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
support of two schools, one of which is to be
an agricultural and industrial school, keeping
in repair school buildiugs, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty J une nine, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty Jun6
nine, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand two hundred dollars. ■
For twelfth of twenty instalments for the
employment of one superintendent of farming
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fifth, article
