890
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March B,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
with a view to their self-support, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, forty thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as he may deem necessary.
The Secretary of the Interior is hereby au-
thorized to defray the expenses of delegations
of Indians visiting the city of Washington by
authority of the United States, subsequently to
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and to purchase presents for the
members thereof, out of the amount remaining
unexpended on the thirty-first day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and seventy, of the
sum of fifty thousand dollars appropriated by
resolution number one hundred and ten, enti-
tled "A resolution to pay expenses of delega-
tions of Indians visiting the city of Washing-
ton," approved July thirteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy; and the paragraph of the
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and tor fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one. and forotherpurposes," approved
July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
which is as follows, viz.: ''for this amount,
or so much thereof as may be necessary for
subsistence of the Navajoe Indians in New
Mexico, for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, seventy-five thousand dollars," be,
and the same is hereby, amended by striking
out the words "eighteen hundred and sev-
enty," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"eighteen hundred and seventy-one."
For this emount, to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to pay Alvia N. Blacklidge for
services rendered and money expended in
taking the census of the Cherokee Indians,
under the provisions of the twelfth article of
the treaty of eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
with said Indians, nine hundred and thirty-
eight dollars and fifty five cents.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the removal of the Kickapoo
and other American Indian tribes roving on
the borders of Mexico and Texas to reserva-
tions within the Territories of the United
States, and for their settlementand subsistence
on such reservations, forty thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to cause settlements to bo made with
all persons appointed by Indian councils, to
receive money due incompetent or orphan
Indians, per act of July five, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, (Statutes-at Large, volume
twelve, pages five hundred and twenty-nine
and five hundred and thirty,) five thousand
dollars.
For surveying such reservations in Oregon,
under treaty stipulations, as may be rendered
necessary, twenty thousand dollars.
For the erection or purchase, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, of suit-
able buildings for the Upper Missouri agency,
near Fort Berthold, provided the same shall
be necessary, eight thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to defray the expenses of de-
termining the location and re-marking with
suitable monuments and establishing the posi-
tion of the ninety-sixth meridian, west longi-
tude, from the State of Kansas to the north
line of the Creek country, in the Indian ter-
ritory, five thousand dollars; and this amount,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
pay the expenses of holding a" general coun-
cil" of the Cherokee, Creek, Seminole, and
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, in the Indian
territory, as provided by the treaties with said
tribes in. eighteen hundred and sixty-six, for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred ^u$ seventy-two, thirteen thousand
five hundred dollars: Provided, That any other
Indian tribe permanently located in said Indian
territory shall be, and is hereby, authorized
to elect and send to said "general council "
one*delegate, and in addition one delegate for
each one thousand Indians or fraction of a
thousand greater than five hundred, being
members of such tribe, on the same terms and
conditions, and with the same rights and priv-
ileges, including right to compensation, as is
provided for delegates of the tribes herein-
before mentioned, and a sufficient sum to pay
the per diem and mileage of such additional
delegates is hereby appropriated.
Interest on Trust-Fund Stocks.
Forpayment of interest on certain abstracted
and non-paying State stocks belonging to
various Indian tribes, (and held in trust by the
Secretary of the Interior,) for the fiscal year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, viz.:
For interest on the Cherokee national fund,
eighteen thousand nine hundred and eighty
dollars.
For interest on the Cherokee school fund,
three thousand and ten dollars.
For intereston the Chickasaw nationalfund,
fifteen thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For intereston the Chickasaw incompetents'
fund, two hundred dollars.
F'or interest on the Choctaw general fund,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For interest on the Creek orphans' fund, five
thousand two hundred and eighteen dollars.
For interest on the Delaware general fund,
nine thousand seven hundred and ten dollars.
For interest on the Iowas' fund, three thou-
sand three hundred and forty dollars.
For interest on the Kaskaskias, Weas,
Peorias, and Piankeshavvs' fund, six thousand
and seventy dollars.
For interest on the Menomonees' fund, nine
hundred and fifty dollars.
For interest on the Ottawas and Chippewas,
two hundred and thirty dollars.
For interest on the Pottawatomies' educa-
tion fund, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of trust funds,
heretofore and to be hereafter incurred, three
thousand dollars; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to issue to the
Choctaw tribe of Indians bonds of the United
States to the amount of two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, as directed by the act of
March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes."
Sec. 2. That the act approved July fif-
teen, eighteen hnpdred and seventy, " making
appropriations ror the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June thirty, eight-
een hundred and and seventy-one, and for
other purposes," be amended by adding the
following section, which was inadvertently
omitted in the enrolment of said act, viz.:
"Sec. 1-1 And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act contained, or in any of the
provisions thereof, shall be%o construed as to
ratify, approve, or disaffifti any treaty made
with any tribes, bands, or parties of Indians
since the twentieth of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, or affirm or disaffirm any of
the powers of the Executive and Senate over
tho subject."
Sec. 3. That hereafter no contract or agree-
ment of any kind shall be made by any person,
with any tribe of Indians, or individual Indian
not a citizen of the United States, for the pay-
ment of any money or other thing of value to
him, or any other person, in consideration of
services for said Indians relative j,o their lands,
or to any claims growing out of or in reference
to annuities from or treaties with the United
States, unless such contract or agreement be
in writing and approved by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and all such contracts or agreements
hereafter made, in violation of the provisions
of this section, are hereby declared null and
void, and all money or other thing of value
paid to any person by any Indian or tribe, or
any one else, for or on his or their behalf, on
account of such services, in excess of the
amount approved by the said Commissioner
and Secretary for such services, may be re-
covered by suit in the name of the United
States in any court of the United States, re-
gardless of the amount in controversy, one
half of which shall be paid to the person suing
for the same, and the other half shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States, for
the use of the Indian or tribe by or for whom
it was so paid; and the person so receiving
said money, and his aiders and abettors, shall,
in addition to the forfeiture of said sum, be
subject to prosecution for misdemeanor in any
court of the United States, and on conviction
shall be fined not less than one thousand dol-
lars, and imprisoned not less than six months,
and it shall be the duty of all district attorneys
of the United States to prosecute such cases
when applied to to do so, and their failure and
refusal shall be ground for their removal from
office. And any Indian agent, or other person
in the employment of the United States, who
shall, in violation of the provisions of this
section, advise, sanction, or in any way aid in
the making of such contracts or agreements,
or in making such payments as are here pro-
hibited, shall, in addition to the punishment
herein imposed on the person making said
contract, or receiving said money, be, on con-
viction, dismissed from the service of the
United States, and be forever disqualified from
holding any office of profit or trust under the
same.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXI.—An Actmaking Appropriations
for the Service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enactedbythe Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are herehy, appropriated for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, out of any moneys in the
Treasury arising from the revenues of said
Department, in conformity to the act of July
two, eighteen hundred and thirty-six :
For inland mail transportation, twelve mil-
lion three hundred and twenty-nine dollars.
For pay of mail messengers, five hundred
and six thousand two hundred and fourteen
dollars.
For pay of route agents, seven hundred and
eighty-six thousand five hundred and sixty-
nine dollars.
For pay of mail-route messengers, fifty-nina
thousand four hundred and four dollars.
For pay of local agents, forty-nine thousand
and forty-four dollars.
For pay of railway post office clerks, five
hundred and eighty-five thousand three hun-
dred and thirty-eight dollars.
For pay of baggage-masters in charge of
through mails, five thousand dollars.
For foreign mail transportation, four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, apd way letters, ten
thousand dollars.
For pay of postmasters, fjve million one huu«
drpd thousand dollars. "* '''
