392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 3,
41srf Co^e....3ii S'ess.
Laws of the United States.
and be defended, in all courts of law and equity
within the United States, and may make and
use a common seal; and (he said corporation is
hereby authorized and empowered to lay out,
locate, construct, furnish, maintain, and enjoy
a continuous railroad and telegraph line, with
the appurtenances, from a point at or near
Marshall, county of Harrison, State of Texas;
(therice by the most direct and eligible route,
' to be determined by said company, near the
thirty-second parallel of north latitude, to a
point at or near El Paso; thence by the most
direct and eligible route, to be selected by said
company, through New Mexico and Arizona,
to a point on the Rio Colorado, at or near the
southeastern boundary of the State of Califor-
nia; thence by the most direct and eligible
route to San Diego, California, to ship's chan-
nel, in the bay of San Diego, in the State of
California, pursuing in the location thereof,
as near as may be, the thirty-second parallel
of north latitude, and is hereby vested with all
the powers, privileges, and immunities neces-
sary to carry into effect the pur[po]ses of this
act.
Sec. 2. That the persons named in the first
section of this act shall constitute a board of
commissioners, (twenty of whom shall consti-
tute a quorum for the transaction of business,)
to be known as the Texas Pacific railroad com-
missioners, who shall meet in the city of New
York within ninety days after the passage of
this act, at a time to be designated in a notice
to be signed by the person first named in the
list of corporators and six of his associates,
and to be published for two weeks in, at least,
one daily newspaper in New York, New Or-
leans, and Washington ; and, when so met,
they may cause books to be opened for the sub-
scription of the capital stock of said company,
and when twenty thousand shares, amounting
to two millions of dollars, shall have been sub-
scribed, and ten per centum actually paid there-
on, in money, to the treasurer, to be elected by
said commissioners, who shall give bond for its
safe keeping and payment to the treasurer of
the company when organized, then it shall be
lawful for such subscribers or stockholders, or
a majority thereof, to organize said company
in accordance with the provisions of this act,
and to elect not less than seven, nor more than
seventeen directors, a majority of whom shall
bo .necessary to the transaction of business,
and who shall hold their offices for one year
and until their successors shall be elected and
qualified; and the said directors shall imme-
diately proceed to elect a president, vice pres-
ident, secretary, and treasurer; the president
and vice president shall be directors. At all
elections for directors, each share of stock
shall bo entitled to one vote, which may be*
given by the holders in person, or by proxy,
who shall also be a shareholder. The direct-
ors shall hold their offices for any term not
exceeding three years, as may be provided in
the by-laws; and the annual meetings of stock-
holders shall take place as provided for in said
by-laws.
Sec. 3. That the capital stock of the Texas
Pacific Eailroad Company shall be fixed by the
board of directors, at a sum not exceeding fifty
millions of dollars, in shares of one hundred
dollars; and when the amount is so fixed, it
shall never be increased except by consent of
Congress. Assessments upon said stock shall
only be made by a majority vote of the whole
number of directors at a regular meeting, which
said assessments shall be paid at the expira-
tion of thirty days after a notice given in one
newspaper in each of the cities of Washington,
Philadelphia, New York, and New Orleans.
Sec. 4. That the said Texas Pacific Railroad
Company shall have power and lawful author-
ity to purchase the stock, land grants, fran-
bhises, and appurtenances of, and consolidate
6a such tetms its may be agreed upon between
the parties, with any railroad company or com-
panies heretofore chartered by congressional,
State, or territorial authority, on the route
prescribed in the first section of this act; but
no such consolidation shall be with any com-
peting through line of railroads to the Pacific
ocean.
Sec. 5. That the said company shall have
power and authority to make running arrange-
ments with any railroad company or compa-
nies heretofore chartered, orthatmay hereafter
be chartered by congressional, State, or terri-
torial authority; also to purchase lands, or to
accept donations, or grant of lands, or other
property, from States or individuals, for the
purpose of aiding in carrying out the object
of this company.
Sec. 6. That the rights, lands, land grants,
franchises, privileges, and appurtenances, and
property of every description, belonging to each
of the consolidated or purchased railroad com-
pany or companies, as herein provided,shall vest
in and become absolutely the property of the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company: Provided,
That in all contracts made and entered into by
said company with any and all other railroad
company or companies, to perfect such afore-
said consolidation or purchase, the indebted-
ness orother legal obligations of said company
or companies shall be assumed by the said
Texas Pacific Railroad Company as may be
agreed upon, and no such consolidation or
purchase shall impair any lien which may exist
on any of the railroads so consolidated or pur-
chased ; but said company shall not assume
the debts or obligations of any company with
which it may consolidate or purchase as afore-
said, to an amount greater than the cash value
of the assets received from the same.
Sec. 7. That the said Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company shall have power to make and
enforce rules and by-laws for the election of
its officers and the government and manage-
ment of the business of the company, and to
do and perform all needful and proper things
to be done and performed to promote the ob-
jects of the company hereby incorporated,
not inconsistent with the laws of the United
States and the provisions of this charter.
Sec. 8. That the right of way through the
public lands be, and the same is hereby,
granted to tho said company for the construc-
tion of the said railroad and telegraph line,
and the right, power, and authority is hereby
given to said company to take, from the pub-
lic lands adjacent to the line of said road,
earth, stone, timber, and other materials for
the construction thereof. Said right of way
is granted to said company to the extent of
two hundred feet in width on each side of said
railroad where it may pass over the public
lands; and there is also hereby granted to
said company grounds for stations, buildings,
workshops, wharves, switches, side-tracksj
turn-tables, water-stations, and such other
structures as may be necessary for said rail-
road, not exceeding forty acres of land at any
one point.
Sec. 9. That for the purpose of aiding in-
the construction of the railroad and telegraph
line herein provided for, there is hereby granted
to the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company,
its successors and assigns, every alternate sec-
tion of public land, not mineral, designated
by odd numbers, to the amount of twenty
alternate sections per mile, on each side of
said railroad line, as such line maybe adopted
by said_ company, through the Territories of
the United States, and ten alternate sections
of land per mile on each side of said railroad
in California, where the same shall not have
not have been sold, reserved, or otherwise dis-
posed of by the United States, and to which
a pre-emption or homestead claim may not
have attached at the time the line of Said road
is definitely fisedi In ease any of said laflds
shall have been sold, reserved, occupied, or
pre-empted, or otherwise disposed of, other
lands shall be selected in lieu thereof by said
company, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, in alternate sections, and des-
ignated by odd numbers, not more than ten
miles beyond the limits of said alternate sec-
tions first above named, and not including the
reserved numbers. If, in the.too near approach
of the said railroad line to the boundary of
Mexico, the number of sections of land to
which the company is entitled cannot be
selected immediately on the line of said rail-
road, or in lieu of mineral lands excluded
from this grant^ a like quantity of unoccupied
and unappropriated agricultural lands, in odd-
numbered sections nearest the line of said
railroad may be selected as above provided;
and the word "mineral," where it occurs in
this act, shall not be held to include iron or
coal: Provided, however, That no public lands
arc hereby granted within the State of Cali-
fornia further than twenty miles on each side
of said road, except to make up deficiencies
as aforesaid, and then not to exceed twenty
miles from the lands originally granted. The
term "ship's channel," as used in this bill,
shall not be construed as conveying any greater
right to the said company to the water front
of San Diego bay than it may acquire by gift,
grant, purchase, or otherwise, except the right
of way, as herein granted: And provided fur-
ther, That all such lands, so granted by this
section to said company, which shall not be
sold, or otherwise disposed of, as provided in
this act, within three years after the comple-
tion of the entire road, shall be subject to set-
tlement and pre-emption like other lands, at a
price to be fixed by and paid to said company,
not exceeding an average of two dollars and
fifty cents per acre for all the lands herein
granted.
Sec. 10. That when the route of said rail-
road and telegraph line shall pass through the
lands of private persons, or where it may be
necessary for said railroad company to take
any lands belonging to private persons for any
of the purposes herein mentioned necessary
to said road, such right of way through or title
to such lands shall be secured in accordance
with the laws of the State or Territory in which
they may be situated.
Sec. 11, That the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company shall have power and authority to
issue two kinds of bonds, secured by mortgage,
namely: first, construction bonds; second,
land bonds. Construction bonds shall be se-
cured by mortgage, first, on all or any portion
of the franchises, road-bed, or track of said
railroad, and all the appurtenances thereto
belonging, when constructed or in the course
of construction, from a point at or near Mar-
shall, to ship's channel, in the bay of San
Diego, in the State of California, as aforesaid.
Land bonds shall be secured by mortgage,
first, on all or any portion of the lands hereby
granted in aid of the construction of said rail-
road as is provided for in this act; second, on
lands acquired by any arrangement or purchase
or terms of consolidation with any railroad com-
pany or companies to whom grants of lands
may have been made, or may hereafter be
made, by any congressional, State, or territo-
rial authority, or who may have purchased the
same previous to any such arrangement or con-
solidation: Provided, That all the mortgages
made and executed by said railroad company
shall be filed and recorded in. the Department
of the Interior, which shall be a sufficient evi-
dence of their legal execution, and shall con-
fer all the rights and property of said company
as therein expressed : And,provided also, That
the proceeds of the sales of the aforesaid con-
struction and land bonds shall be applied only
in the construction, operation, and equipment
of the oohtemplated railroad line: And pro-
