1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
Laws of the United States.
41st Coxg. .,. 3  Sess.
ttided further, That said mortgage shall in no
wise impair or affect any lien existing on the
property of said company or companies at or
before the time of such consolidation.
Sec. 12. That whenever the said company
shall complete the first and each succeeding
section of twenty consecutive miles of said rail-
road and put it in running order as a first-class
road in all its appointments, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to cause patents
to he issued conveying to said company the
number of sections of land opposite to and
coterminous with said completed road to which-
it shall be entitled for each section so com-
pleted. Said company, within two years after
the passage of this act, shall designate the gen-
eral route of its said road, as near as may be,
and shall file a map of the same in the Depart-
ment of the Interior; and when the map is so
filed, the Secretary of the Interior, immediately
thereafter, shall cause the lands within forty
miles on each side of said designated route
within the Territories, and twenty miles within
the State of California, to be withdrawn from
pre-emption, private entry, and sale: Pro-
vided, however, That the provisions of the act
of September, eighteen hundred and forty-one,
granting pre-emption rights, and the acts
amendatory thereof, and of the act entitled
"An act to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain," approved May
twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
the amendments thereto, shall be, and thesame
are hereby, extended to all other lands of the
United States on the line of said road when
surveyed, except those hereby granted to said
company.
Sec. 13. That the president of the company
shall annually, by the first day of July, make
a report and file it with the Secretary of the
Interior, which report shall be under oath,-
exhibiting the financial situation of the com-
pany, the amount of money received and ex-
pended, and the number of miles of road eon-
structed each year; and further, the names
and residences of the stockholders, of the
directors, and of all other officers of the com-
pany, the amount of stock subscribed, and the
amount thereof actually paid in, a description
of the lines of road surveyed and fixed upon
for construction, the amount received from
passengers and for freight, respectively, on the
road, a statement of the expenses of said road
and its fixtures, and a true statement of the
indebtedness of said company and the various
kinds thereof.
Sec. 1-1. That the certificates of the capital
stock must be signed by the president and
secretary, and attested by the seal of the com-
pany, ami shall contain an extract from the
proceedings of the board of directors fixing
th'e amount thereof, as well as from this act,
authorizing such issue. All the bonds and
mortgages issued by said company must be
signed by the president and secretary, and
attested by the seal of said company, and shall
contain an extract from the law authorizing
them to be issued. The face value of said
bonds shall be one thousand dollars iu gold,
and shall be redeemable at such times, and to
bear such rate of interest, payable semi-annu-
ally in gold, as may be determined by the direct-
ors. The total value of the construction bonds
to be issued shall not exceed thirty thousand
dollars per mile of said railroad, and the total
face value of the land bonds shall not exceed
two dollars and fifty cents per acre for all
lands mortgaged ; the total amount ot each to
be determined by the board of directors.
Si:c. 15. That all railroads constructed, or
that may be hereafter constructed, to intersect
said Texas Pacific railroad, shall have a right
to connect with that line; that no discrimin-
ation as regards charges for freight or passen-
gers, or in any other matter, shall be made by
*<ud Tesas Pacific Railroad Company against
any of the said connecting roads; butthesame
charges per mile as to passengers, and per ton
per mile as to freight, passing from the said
Texas Pacific railroad oyer any of said con-
necting roads, or passing from any of said
connecting roads over any part of said Texas
Pacific railroad, shall be made by said com-
pany as they make for freight and passengers
over their own road : Provided also, That said
connecting roads shall reciprocate said right
of connection and equality of charges with
said Texas Pacific railroad : And provided
further, That the rates charged for carrying
passengers and freight, per mile, shall not
exceed the prices which may be fixed by Con-
gress for carrying passengers and freight on
the Union Pacific and Central Pacific rail-
roads.
Sec. 16. That said road shall be constructed
of iron or steel rails manufactured from Amer-
ican ore, except such as may have heretofore
been contracted for by any railroad company
which may be purchased or consolidated with
by the company hereby incorporated, as pro-
vided by this act.
Sec. 17. That the said Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company shall commence the construc-
tion of its road simultaneously at San Diego,
in the State of California, and from a point
at or near Marshall, Texas, as hereinbefore
described, and so prosecute the same as to
have at least fifty consecutive miles of railroad
from each of said points complete and in run-
ning order within two years after the passage
of this act; and to so continue to construct
each year thereafter a sufficient number of
miles to secure the completion of the whole
line from the aforesaid point on the eastern
boundary of the State of Texas to the bay of
San Diego, in the State of California, as afore-
said, within ten years after the passage of this
act; and upon failure to so complete it, Con-
gress may adopt such measures as it may deem
necessary and proper to secure its speedy
completion.
Sec. 18. That the President of the United
States, upon the completion of the first section
of twenty miles, shall appoint one commis-
sioner, whose duty it shall be to examine the
various sections of twenty miles as they shall
be completed, and report thereon to him in
writing; aud if, from such report, he be sat-
isfied that said company has fully completed
each section of its road, as in this act pro-
vided, he shall direct the Secretary of the
Interior to issue patents to said company for
the lands it is entitled to under this act, as fast
as each section of said road is completed.
Sec. 19. That the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company shall be, and it is hereby, declared
to be a military and post road ; and for the
purpose of insuring the carrying the mails,
troops, munitions of war, supplies, and stores
of the United States, no act of the company
nor any law of any State or Territory shall
impede, delay, or prevent the said com-
pany from performing its obligations to the
United States in that regard: Provided, That
said road shall be subject to the use of the
United States for postal, military, and all other
governmental services, at fair and reasonable
rates of compensation, not to exceed the price
paid by private parties for the same kind of
service, and the Government shall at all times
have the preference in the use of the same for
the purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 20. That it shall not be lawful for any
of the directors, either in their individual
capacity or as members of an incorporated or
joint stock company, to make any contracts or
agreements with, the said lexas Pacific Kail-
road Company for the construction, equip-
ment, or running of its road, or to have any
interest therein ; and all such contracts or
agreements are hereby declared null and void ,
mxA all money or property received under well
contracts or agreements may be recovered
back for the benefit of the company by any
stockholder.
Sec. 21. That any railroad company whose
route lies across the route of the Texas Pacific
railroad may cross the same, and for the pur-
pose of crossing shall have the right to acquire
at the double minimum price all lands, whether
of the United States or granted by this act,
which shall be needed for a right of way two
hundred feet wide through said lands, and for
depots, stations, side-tracks, and other need-
ful purposes, not exceeding for such purposes
forty acres at any one station.
Sec. 22. Thatthe New Orleans, Baton Rouge,
and Vicksburg Railroad Company, chartered
by the State of Louisiana, shall have the right
to connect by the most eligible route to be
selected by said company with the said Texas
Pacific railroad at its eastern terminus, and
shall have the right of way through the public
land to the same extent granted hereby to the
said Texas Pacific Railroad Company; and in
aid of its construction from New Orleans to
Baton Rouge, thence by the way of Alexandria,
in said State, to connect with the said Texas
Pacific Railroad Company at its eastern term-
inus, there is hereby granted to said company,
its successors and assigns, the same number
of alternate sections of public lands per mile,
in the State of Louisiana, as are by this act
granted in the State of California, to said Texas
Pacific Railroad Company; and said lands
shall be withdrawn from market, selected, and
patents issued therefor, and opened for settle-
ment and pre-emption, upon the same terms
and in the same manner and time as is provided
for and required from said Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company, within said State of California:
Provided, That said company shall complete
the whole of said road within five years from
the passage of this act.
Sec. 23. That, for the purpose of connecting
the Texas Pacific railroad with the city of San
Francisco, the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of California is hereby authorized (sub-
ject to the laws of California) to construct a
line of railroad from a point at or near Teha-
chapa Pass, by way of Los Angeles, to the
Texas Pacific railroad at or near the Colorado
river, with the same rights, grants, and privi-
leges, and subject to the same limitations,
restrictions, and conditions as were granted to
said Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California, by the act of July twenty seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six: Provided,
however, That this section shall in no way
affect or impair the rights, present or prospect-
ive, of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany or any other railroad company.
Apkroved, March 3,-1871.
Chap. CXXIII.—An Act to renew certain
Grants of Land to the State of Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the grant of lands
made to the State of Alabama by the act of
Congress approved June three, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, entitled "An act granting
public lands, in alternate sections, to the Stale
of Alabama, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads in said State," to assist in the
building of a railroad from the city of Mont-
gomery, Alabama, to some point on the Ala-
bama and Tennessee State line, in the direction
of Nashville, is hereby revived and renewed for
the use and benefit of the South and North
Alabama Railroad Company, subject to all the
conditions and restrictions contained in the act
referred to, and subject to the further limita-
tion. that if the said railroad is not completed
within three years from the passage of this act
no further sale shall be made for the benefit
et'eaid road, and the lands unsold shall reverb
