394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli
41st Com...3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to the United-States: Provided, That the lands
granted by the act hereby revived, except
mineral lands, shall be sold to actual settlers
only, in quantities not greater than one quarter
section to any one purchaser, and for a price
not exceeding two dollars and fifty cents per
acre.
Sec. 2. That the right, power, and authority
is hereby given to the company building the
aforesaid railroad to take from the public land,
adjacent to the lines of said railroad, earth,
stone, and other materials for the construction
thereof; and the right of way is hereby granted
to the extent of one hundred feet in width on
each side of said railroad where it may pass
over the public lands, including all necessary
grounds for stations and structures connected
therewith, not exceeding forty acres at any
one station.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXIV.—An Act to provide for the
Redemption of Copper and other Token
Coins.
Beit enadedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and required to
redeem in lawfal money, under such rules and
regulations as he may from time to time pre-
scribe, all copper, bronze, copper-nickel, and
base-metal coinage of every kind heretofore
authorized by law, when presented in sums of
not less than twenty dollars; and whenever
Tinder this authority these coins are presented
for redemption in such quantity as to show the
amount outstanding to be redundant, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized to discon-
tinue or diminish the manufacture and issue
of such coinage until otherwise ordered by him.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXV.—All Act in Relation to Fraud-
ulent'i'rade Marks upon Foreign Watches.
Beit enadedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That from and alter the
first day of April, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, no watches, watch cases, watch move-
ments, or parts of watch movements, of foreign
manufacture, which shall copy or simulate the
name or trade-mark of any domestic manufac-
turer, shall be admitted to entry at the custom-
houses of the United States, unless such domes-
tic manufacturer is the importer of the same.
Sec. 2. That domestic manufacturers of
watches, who have adopted trade-marks, may
cause to be recorded in the Treasury of the
United States, in a book to be kept for that
purpose, and under such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, their names, residences, and descrip-
tions of trade-marks, and furnish to the Sec-
retary fac similes of such trade-marks ; and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary to transmit
one or more copies of the same to each col-
lector or other proper officer of the customs
of the United States, to be used by such officers
in the execution of the first section of thisact.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXVL—An Act amendatory of an
Act entitled "An Act to further provide for
giving Effect to the various Grants of Pub-
lic Lands to the State of Nevada," approved
June eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
Be it enadedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section four of an
act entitled "An act to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
}ands to the State of Nevada," be, and the
same is hereby, amended so as to'read as fol-
lows : And it is further enacted that the lands
granted to the State of California for the estab-
lishment of an agricultural college by the act of
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
and acts amendatory thereto, may be selected
by said State from any lands within said State,
subject to pre-emption, settlement, entry, sale,
or location, under any laws of the United
States. Such selection may be made in auy
legal subdivisions, adjoining by sides, so as to
constitute bodies of not less than one hundred
and sixty acres; or they may be made in sepa-
rate subdivisions of forty, eighty, or one hun-
dred and twenty acres, respectively: Provided,
That this privilege shall not extend to lands
upon which there maybe rightful claims under
the pre-emption and homestead laws, nor to
mineral lands: And provided further", That if
lands be selected as aforesaid, the minimum
price of which is two dollars and fifty cents per
acre, they shall be taken acre for acre in part
satisfaction of the grant, and the State of Cali-
fornia shall pay to the United States the sum
of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre
for each acre so selected, when the same shall
be patented to the State by the United States:
Provided fu[r]ther, That where lands, sought
to be selected for the agricultural college, are
unsurveyed, the proper authorities of the State
shall file a statement to that effect with the
register of the United States land office, de-
scribing tho land by township and range, and
shall make application to the United States
surveyor general for a survey of the same, the
expenses of the survey for field-work to be
paid by the State, provided there be no appro-
priation by Congress for that purpose. The
United States surveyor general, as soon as
practicable, shall have the said lands surveyed
and the township plats returned to the United
States land office, and lands so surveyed and
returned shall, for thirty days after the filing
of the plats in the United States land office,
be held exclusively for location for the agri-
cultural college, and within said thirty days
the proper authorities of the State shall make
application to the United States land office for
the lands sought to be located by sections and
parts of sections: Provided, That any rights,
under the pre-emption or homestead laws, ac-
quired prior to the filing of the required state-
ment with the United States register, shall not
be impaired or affected by this act: And pro-
vided further, That such selections shall be
made in every other respect subject to the
conditions, restrictions, aud limitations con-
tained in the acts hereby modified.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to reduce the Expenses
of the Survey and Sale of the Public Lands
in the United States," approved May thirty,
eighteen hundred aud sixty-t\*(o.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and
sale of the public lands in theUnited States,"
approved May thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, be, and the same is hereby, amend-
ed by adding thereto the following additional
section, to be numbered as section eleven, viz :
"Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
in all cases where settlers shall make deposits
in accordance with this act, to the credit of
the United States, for public surveys, such
amounts so deposited shall go in part payment
for their lands situated in the townships, the
surveying of which is paid for out of said
deposits; and effect shall be given to this act
by regulations to be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office."
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXVIII.—An Act to extend the Time
for the Reversion to the United States of the
Lands granted by Congress to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of a
Railroad from Pere Marquette to Flint, in
said State, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time specified
in the fourth section of the act of Congress,
approved June third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, entitled "An act making a grant of
alternate sections of the public lands to the
State of Michigan to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State, and for other
purposes," for the reversion to the United
State of thg lands granted by said act to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Pere
Marquette to Flint, and for the completion of
said road, be, and the same is hereby, further
extended for the period of five years from and
after the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. That the State of Michigan may
authorize the sale of sixty sections of the land
granted to aid the construction of said railroad
from Pere Marquette to Flint, whenever and
as often as the Governor of said State shall
certify that ten additional miles of said rail-
road is completed and in running order as a
first-class railroad: Provided, That said lands
authorized to be sold as aforesaid shall include
only lands situated opposite to and coterminous
with the completed sections: And provided,
That in case said railroad shall not be fully
completed from Flint to Lake Michigan within
the time as extended by this act, all the lauds
included in said grant to which the right to sell
shall not then have attached shall revert to the
United States.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Ciiai'. CXXIX.—An Act confirming the Title
to certain Lands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of ■Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the title to the land
certified to the State of Iowa by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office of the Uni-
ted States, under an act of Congress entitled
"An act confirming a land claim in the State
of Iowa, and for other purposes," approved
July twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
in accordance with the adjustment made by
the authorized agent of the State of Iowa and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
on the twenty-first day of May, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and approved
by the Secretary of the Interior on the twenty-
second day of May, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and which adjustment
was ratified and coufirmed by act of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Iowa, approved
March thirty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight., be, and the same is hereby, ratified and
confirmed to the State of Iowa and its grantees
in accordance with said adjustment and said
act of the General Assembly of the State of
Iowa: Provided, That nothing in this act shall
be so construed as to affect adversely any
existing legal rights or the rights of any party
claiming title or the right to acquire title to
any part of said lands under the provisions of
the so-called "homestead or pre-empted laws
of the United States, or claiming any part
thereof as swamp lands.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act to create Ports of
Delivery at Eureka and Wilmington, in
California, and provide for Appointment of
Deputy Collector of Vallejo, California, and
to abolish the office of Surveyor of said Port.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, ThatEureka, in the county
