404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[January 21,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
claim of Nicholas M. Page, executor of Sam-
uel Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia, for
reimbursement of that sum paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States, the said sum having
been paid under a decree of the district court
of the district of Indiana, confiscating one
hundred and nine thousand dollars in the five
per centum bonds of said State, belonging to
Samuel Miller, which decree was afterwards
reversed and set aside by the circuit court of
the United States: Provided, however, That
before such payment shall be made to said
executor, the State bonds which were the sub-
ject of such decree of confiscation shall be
deposited with the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, subject to such disposi-
tion as the Legislature of the State of Indiana
may see fit to make of the same; which said
State bonds are described as follows, viz.:
No. 512, amount twelve thousand dollars; No.
699, amount four thousand dollars ; No. 715,
amount four thousand dollars ; No. 1328,
amount nine thousand dollars; No. 1519,
amount two thousand dollars; No. 1540,
amount three thousand dollars; No. 1604,
amount five thousand dollars; No. 1663,
amount four thousand dollars; No. 1708,
amount three thousand dollars; No. 2007,
amount four thousand dollars; No. 53, amount
sixteen thousand dollars; No. 277, amount
twenty-two thousand dollars ; No. 354, amount
thirteen thousand dollars; No. 419, amount
three thousand dollars; No. 1015, amountfive
thousand dollars.
Approved, December 23, 1870.
Chap. XVII.—An Act for the Relief of Zach-
arirtli Pettijohn.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of Zach-
ariati Pettijohn, made under the homestead
act of May twentieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to the northwest quarter of section
thirty, in township one hundred and seventeen
of range twenty-eight, in the district of lands
subject to sale at Greenleaf, Minnesota, be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed; and upon
the completion of such claim by payment of
the final commissions required by the afore-
said act, the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause to be issued to the said Zachariah Pet-
tijohn a patent for the said land as in other
cases.
Approved, January 10,1871.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Har-
vey D. Scott, of Indiana.
Whereas there is due from the Government
of the United States to Harvey D. Scott the
sum of four hundred and thirty-four dollars
and forty cents, for his per diem and mileage
as commissioner for the examination of the
first ten miles of the Minnesota Valley rail-
road, in eighteen hundred and sixty-five, under
the appointment of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior ; and whereas, by the first section of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, and for other pur-
poses," approved July fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, the sum of money aforesaid
was appropriated to pay said per diem and
mileage, but by mistake in describing said
examination of said railroad as having taken
place in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-
six [it could not lawfully be paid :] Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the act
above recited as describes the said examina-
tion of the first ten miles of (the said Minne-
sota Valley railroad by the said Harvey D.
Scott as having been made in the year eight-
een hundred and sixty-six be, and the same is
hereby, amended so as to refer to said exam-
ination so made by him in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, and the appropriation'
therein made shall be construed to apply to
said last-named examination.
Approved, January 11, 1871.
Chap. XIX.—An Act to carry into efFect the
Decree of the Circuit Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York
in the case of the Schooner L. S. Davis and
her Cargo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and1
directed, out of any money not otherwise ap-
propriated, to pay into the circuit court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, in the suit therein of Alexander M.
Douglass, libellant, against the schooner L. S.
Davis, her tackle and cargo, the United States
claimants, the sum of twenty-one thousand
three hundred and seventy-one dollars and
twenty cents, being the amount of the decree
to the libellant in said cause against the said
claimants; to be disposed of by said court
according to the decree therein.
Approved, January 14, 1871.
Chap. XX.—An Act for the Relief of the
Kentucky University.
Beit enacted bijthe Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Treasurer of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to pay to the treasurer of the Kentucky Uni-
versity the sum of twenty-five thousand dol-
lars in full compensation for all claim which
could be made by said university, or by Tran-
sylvania University, to whose rights it has suc-
ceeded, for the occupation of their buildings
at Lexington, Kentucky, as a general hospital
for United States soldiers, and for all damages
and injury caused to said buildings and the
grounds adjacent, and to the museums and
personal property of said university: Provided,
That before said sum shall be paid, a release
in full of all claims against the Government
of all rents and damages that might or could
be claimed by said Kentucky University, or by
Transylvania University, shall be executed in
due form by the proper officers of said uni-
versity, and deposited with the Treasurer along
with the receipt for the sum hereby appropri-
ated.
Approved, January 17, 1871.
Chap. XXII.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph
S. Finch and Company, of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania.
Whereas it is alleged that forty-one thousand
four hundred and seventy-seven and eighty-
two one-hundredths proof gallons of distilled
spirits, distilled by Joseph S. Finch and Com-
pany, at their distillery in Allegheny county,
Pennsylvania, and stored in their distillery
warehouse near Pittsburg, were, on the four-
teenth day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, destroyed and wholly lost by the falling
of said distillery warehouse, without any neg-
ligence or fault on the part of said Joseph S.
Finch and Company; and whereas said spirits
were subject to the tax and duty of fifty cents
per proof gallon, amounting to the sum of
twenty thousand seven hundred and thirty-
eight dollars and ninety-one cents, for which
said Joseph S. Finch and Company had given
bonds as required by law, and the above facts
constitute equitable grounds for relief from the
payment of said taies: Now, therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to abate and remit the taxes on said
spirits so destroyed and lost, or so much thereof'
as the evidence submitted shall show to have
been actually destroyed and lost, and to credit
the amount of the same on the bonds of said
Joseph S. Finch and Company given to secure
the payment of the same.
Approved, January 18, 1871.
Chap. XXV.—An Actforthe Relief of Malinda
Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmon, deceased,
of Greene county, Tennessee.
Whereas in the fall of eighteen hundred and
sixty-one it was decided by the Secretary of
War to cause to be destroyed all the railroad
bridges in East Tennessee, between Chatta-
nooga and Bristol, and accordingly men were
sent there to enlist parties to perform said
work; and whereas one Captain D.ivid Fry
did recruit and enlist as a portion of the force
one Jacob Harmon and his two sons. He,
Fry, administered the oath to said Harmon
and sons ; there being no Bible at hand, he
caused them to place their hands on the Union
flag while he solemnly administered the oath
to be ever faithful and true to the Union. He
then ordered them to destroy the bridge acioss
Lick creek, and the trestle-work, nearly one
mile in length, in Greene county, Fast Tennes-
see. They soon picked their opportunity, and,
under the eye of Captain Fry, put fire to the
bridge and trestle-work, and destroyed the
same. And whereas the said Harmon and two
30us were arrested, placed in a rebel prison,
were tried by a rebel court-martial, convicted,
and Harmon and one son hung till dead, near
the town of Knoxville, East Tennessee, on the
seventeenth of December, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one (the other son having contracted
disease while in prison, died); and whereas the
said Harmon did employ counsel to defend him-
self and sons, for which he executed his notes
to said attorney, for the sum of three thousand
dollars, and did give said parties a lien or mort-
gage upon his real estate to secure the same;
and whereas on the twenty-seventh day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, a decree of
sale of said land was ordered, for the sum of
four thousand one hundred and ninety-three
dollars and fifty cents, which, if no relief is
given, will leave the widow with five children
and but little means left whereby to make a
support; and whereas it is evident that said
Harmon and sons lost their lives in the service
of the Government, and now, in the name of
justice, honor, and humanity, the Congress of
the United States is in duty bound to relieve
the widow and her children from this debt of
oppression, they never having received one
cent for the services rendered by her said hus-
band : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Malinda Harmon, the widow of Jacob Har-
mon, deceased, of Greene county, East Ten-
nessee, the sum of four thousand six hundred
and ninety-six dollars and seventy cents, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, January 21, 1871.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles Pomeroy, late Receiver of Public
Moneys at Fort Dodge, Iowa.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Charles Pomeroy, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at Fort Dodge, in the
State of Iowa, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the amount
