1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sess.
commence from and after the passage of this
act, and to continue until she attains the age
of sixteen years.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLXXXVIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Anthony D. Havely.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to theprovisionsand limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Anthony D. Havely, who
served in company H, thirty-first regiment
Massachusetts volunteers, under the assumed
name of William Cole, and to pay him a pen-
sion from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Mary H. Ailing.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to theprovisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Mary H. Ailing, of New
Haven county, Connecticut, widow of Lewis
H. Ailing, who was a contract surgeon in the
service ot' the United States, and to pay her a
pension from and after the passage of this act
during her widowhood, at the rate of seventeen
dollars per month.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXC.—An Act granting a Pension to
Maria Pratt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Maria Pratt, the mother of
George W. M. Pratt, late a private in company
I, sixth Iowa infantry.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXCI.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
F. Prindle.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed r,o pay to Mary F. Prindle, widow of
Jerome V. Prindle, late a private in company
IT, of the first regiment of Vermont volun-
teers, from the third day of November, eight-
een hundred and sixty-one, the date of her
husband's death, to the tenth day of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, the date
of commencement of her present pension.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXCII.— An Act for the Relief ofA.
A. Vance, Postmaster at Morristown, New
Jersey.
Beit enacted by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing 'officers (if the Treasury Department be,
ami tlicy arc hereby, required to allow A. A.
Vance, postmaster at Morristown, New Jer-
sey, a credit of the sum of five "hundred dol-
'lars on settlement of his accounts.at the Post
Office Department, being the amount, lost in
consequence of llif larceny o* suid suiii, stolen
on the night, of the second of April last trom the
post office at Morristown, New Jersey: Iro-
vided, That, on examining the accounts of
the said A. A. Vance, the Sixth Auditor shall
deem said A. A. Vance justly entitled to said
credit, and shall certify his approval thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXCIII.—An Act for the Relief of
John W. Massey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to John W. Massey, late consul to " Paso del
Norte,'' Mexico, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury nototherwise appropriated, the sum of four
hundred dollars, being the sum expended by
him in eighteen hundred and sixty-two, in the
endeavor to "reach his post of duty.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Bridget Angus.
Be it enacted by the. Senate and Houscof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Bridget Angus, foster-
mother of Walter H. Angus, late a' sergeant
in company "K," forty-fourth regiment New
York volunteers, and to pay her a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month from and
after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXCV.—An Act for the Relief of
William Chinn.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, appropriated from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States the sum of seven hundred and twenty-
three dollars, to be paid to William Chinn, a
colored man, of Prince William county, in the
State of Virginia, in his own right, and as the
lawful assignee of Mrs. Prances B. Gibson,
his late mistress, in full compensation of all
losses sustained by him and her, severally and
jointly, on account of live stock, provisions,
and forage of every kind, furnished to and
taken by the troops of the United States from
the farm of the said Mrs. Gibson, in said
county, during the late civil war, and in full
compensation for all losses sustained by either
and by both, for pasturage, damage to fences
on the said farm, and for any other losses not
herein enumerated.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXCVI.—An Actgranting a Pension to
Lucy Marden.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations ot the pension
laws, the name of Lucia Marden, mother of
Martin Alien, late a seaman on the United
States sloop Dale, and to pay her a pension
from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3,1871.
Chap. CXCVII.— An Act for the Relief of
Charles Cooper, Gosliom A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Ilaimegan, and John Han.
negan.
Beitenacled bylM Se-iate and House nf Rep-
resentatives •>.! the United Siiu't,s cf America in
Congress assembled. That Oha.les tor per.
Goshotn A. Jones, Jerome Rowley, William
Hannegan, and John Hannegau be, and they
are hereby, released and discharged from all
liability to the United States under and by rea-
son of their bond executed thereto to secure
the faithful performance, by the said William
Hannegan and John Hannegan, of their con-
tract with the Government of the United States
for the improvement of Des Moines rapids, of
the Mississippi river, in the State of Iowa, and
that the action at law, now pending in the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the sixth
circuit and northern district of Ohio to enforce
said bond, be discontinued by the proper
officer of the Government, at the costs of tho
defendants.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
Chap. CXCVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Abram Gr. Snyder, of the Watervliet Arsenal
at West Troy, New York.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to Abram G.
Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal, West Troy,
New York, the sum of five thousand dollars
in full for all claims, heretofore and hereafter,
against the Government for the invention and
the use of the Snyder bullet machine in the
United States arsenals.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 10.—A Resolution for the Relief of Rich-
ard P. Hammond.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to credit upon the judgment obtained by the
United States against Richard P. Hammond,
or against L. Maynard and the estate of the
late J. S. Folsom, deceased, as sureties on the
official bond of Richard P. Hammond, late
collector of customs at San Francisco, in the
circuit court of the United States for the tenth
circuit, the sum of eighty-six thousand seven
hundred and ninety-three dollars and nine cents;
and that said credit be allowed and computed
as of the date of the expenditures thereof by
said Hammond, thecorrespondingcredits being
allowed said sureties for interest as may have
been charged against them in the judgment;
and also to take and state on account as be-
tween the said sureties and the United States:
Provided, That the sum allowed shall be ap-
plied first towards the indebtedness of said
principal not secured by the bond of said sure-
ties, and any balance may be applied upon
the sum thus secured.
Approved, January 23, 1871.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Charles P. Elgin.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tile United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
draw his warrant upon the Treasurer of the
United States for such an amount us may bt>
found due to Ohatles P. Elgin, late assistant,
assessor of internal revenue for the fifteenth
division of the third district of Mississippi,
upon the adjustment of his accounts by the
accounting oliieors of the Treasury, without
regard to his omission to qualify according to
Jnw for the duties of his appointment.
AiTP.ovF.r>, January 2Z, 1>!71.
