412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
41st Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution providing for the
payment of James T. Elliott, late a Private
of the Eleventh Michigan Infantry, for ser-
vices as Extra Duty Clerk.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America i/i
Congress assembled, That the Quartermaster
Genera! be, and hereby is, directed to audit
and allow the claim of James T. Elliott, late a
private in the eleventh Michigan infantry, for
pay as extra duty clerk from March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to Novem-
ber fifteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
at forty eenrs per day.
Approved, January 24, 1871.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the Accounts
of Richard R. Peebles, of Austin County,
Texas, late Collector of the Port of Galves-
ton, Texas.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the accounting offi.
cers of the Treasury be, and are hereby,
authorized to adjust and settle upon a proper
and equitable basis the accounts of Richard
R. Peebles, late collector of the port of Gal-
veston, Texas.
Approved, January 24, 1871.
No. 16.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Settlement of the Accounts of William Y.
Patch.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Comptroller of
the Treasuryis hereby authorized and directed
to settle the account of William Y. Patch,
late collector of internal revenue fiiet district
of California, by allowing and certifying tae
amounts found due him by the Fifth Auditor
iu his statement of December thirty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, January 25, 1871.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution repealing the Joint
Resolution approved July fifteenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, entitled a " Joint Res-
olution authorizing the Postmaster General
to adjust the Accounts of George Chorpen-
ning."
Beit-resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the joint, resolution,
approved July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, entitled a "Joint resolution authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General to adjust the
accounts of George Chorpenning," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 9, 1871.
No. 35.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Captain William O. Sides.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of one hun-
dred and forty dollars be paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Captain William 0. Sides, as a
captain in command of a detachment of the
Veteran Reserve corps, stationed at Hampton
hospital in the State of Virginia, and in charge
of stores at that place in the months of July
and August, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
after his resignation had been accepted and
previous to his being relieved from duty and
from the charge of the property which had
been committed to his care.
Approved, February 16, 1871.
No. 32.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to audit and pay the Claim
of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal Citizen of
Tennessee.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he ishereby, directed to examine
and pay the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick,
of Nashville, Tennessee, for materials taken
and used, by military order, in building a fort
for the defence of said city: Provided, That
said amount so allowed shall not exceed the
sum of twenty thousand five hundred and
twenty-three dollars: And provided further,
That this shall be final.
Approyep, February 15, 1871.
No. 37.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Mary A. Elliot.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the United States,
in favor of the said Mary A. Elliot, hereby
surrender, abandon, and forever release ail
right or claim they may have, by reason of any
escheat, to lot numbered eleven, in square
numbered four hundred and six, in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia.
Approved, I?ebruary 17, 1871.
No. 38.—A Resolution relative to the Steam-
ship Meteor.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the memorial of
Robert B. Forbes, John M. Foibes, W. H.
Aspinwall, A. A. Low and Brothers, Leonard
W. Jerome, E. B. Ward, M. H. Simpson,
James Lawrence, H. S. Russell, and Theodore
Lyman, executors, Richard S. Rodgers, J. G.
Cushing, W. B. Bacon, J. P. Boy Icy, James
Davis, and J. F. Tuckerman, owners of the
steamship Meteor, built to be tendered to the
Government for the pursuit of the rebel cruiser
the Alabama, and wrongfully seized and de-
tained at New York in eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, by authority of the United States,
and all papers relating thereto, be referred to
the Court of Claims for examination, and the
allowance of the amount of damages actually
sustained by said owners by reason of such
wrongful seizure and detention ; the judgment
rendered by said court to be paid out of the
appropriations duly made to pay judgments
rendered by said court: Provided, That said
damages shall only iticlude detention, deteri-
oration, and actual expenditures, but exclud-
ing all damages for loss of market, or breaking
up a voyage.
Approved, February 17, 1871.
No. 41.—A Resolution prescribing the Oath
to be taken by H. V. M. Miller, Senator-
elect from Georgia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That H. V. M. Miller, of
Georgia, on entering upon the discharge of
the duties of any office or position to which
he has been or may be'elected or appointed,
instead of the oath prescribed by the act of
July two, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
may take and subscribe the oath prescribed
by the act of Congress entitled "An act pre-
scribing an oath of office to be taken by persons
from whom legal disabilities shall have been
removed," approved July eleven, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, Februajy 23,  1871.
No. 43.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
John L. Thomas, jr., and Edwin H. Web-
ster, the present and firmer Collector of
Customs at Baltimore, and lateUnited States
designated Depositaries.
Be itresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department, be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed,
in the settlement of the accounts of John L.
Thomas,^junior, and Edwin H. Webster, as
collectors of customs of the district of Balti-
more, and as late United States designated
depositaries, to allow*them such amounts as
are shown to have been stolen or embezzled
by their late deputy collectors, Richard N.
Bowerinan and Thomas J. Wilson, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury being satisfied that such
embezzlement or larceny did not occurthrough
the negligence or default of said Thomas and
Webster: Provided, That in case any of the
moneys so embezzled or stolen shall hereafter
be recovered, the same shall inure to the ben-
efit of the United States.
Approved, February 24, 1871.
No. 44.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Lucy A. Smith, widow and administratrix
of James Smith, deceased.
Beitresolved by the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the secretary of the
Interior be directed to pay, out of any money
heretofore appropriated, or that may be here-
after appropriated, for the use or benefit of the
Cheyenne and Arapaboes Indians of the upper
Arkansas, to Mrs. Lucy A. Smith, widow and
administratrix of James Smith, the sum of two
thousand five hundred and sixty-four dollars
and ten cents, for losses sustained by the depre-
dations of said Indians on or about August
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, at or
near Plumb creek in the then Territory of
Nebraska: Provided, It shall appear to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Interior
that the facts and circumstances alleged in
this case justify this appropriation on prin-
ciples of equity and justice.
Approved, February 27, 1871.
No. 40.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
GeorgeF. Robinson, Eighth Regiment Maine
Volunteers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Hmise of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to George F. Robinson, late a private in the
eighth regiment of .Maine volunteers, the sum
of five thousand dollars, out of any money in
the Treasury of the United States not other-
wise appropriated.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
directed to cause to be prepared and presented
to the said George F. Robinson a gold medal,
with appropriate devices and inscriptions, com-
memorative of the heroic conduct of the said
Robinson, on the fourteenth day of April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, in saving the
life of the honorable William H. Seward, then
Secretary of State of the United States ; the ex-
pense of said medal to be paid out of any money
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 1, 1871.
No. 56.—A Resolution to close the Accounts
of R. E. De Russy, late Colonel Corps of
Engineers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, to close the accounts
