1871.]
appendix to the congbessional globe.
413
for disbursements of R. E. De Russy, late col-
onel corps of engineers, the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, required to allow and credit him the
sum of four hundred and fifty-one dollars and
one cent, amount of debit items found by them
in settlement of his accounts, per statement
of differences dated Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's office, October tweuty-five,
eighteen hundred and sixty nine.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 57.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
William P. Thomasson.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be authorized and directed to adjust and
settle the claim of William P. Thomasson, and
reimburse him in a sum not exceeding four
hundred and seventy seven dollars and seventy
cents for judgments and costs imposed upon
him by the court of common pleas of Jefferson
county, Kentucky: Provided, That he finds,
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....3d Sbss.
upon investigation, that said judgments were
rendered against said Thomasson on account
of acts done by him officially while he was act-
ing as superintendent of freedman's affairs of
said county of Jefferson, and the said sum of
four hundred and seventy-seven dollars and
seventy cents, or so much as may be necessary,
is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 58.—A Resolution to compensate John
L. Miles, late Second Lieutenant of the
Second Indiana Battery, for one Horse lost
in the service.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
there be paid to John L. Miles, late second
lieutenant second Indiana battery, one hun-
dred and fifty dollars, for one horse lost May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, at Fort Smith,
Arkansas, by reason of an inadequate supply
of forage while said Miles was acting, under
orders^ separate from said battery and from a
change of position thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
No. 59.—A Resolution referring to the Court of
Claims Claims against the United States for
the Loss of the Schooner "William Carlton."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claims of Wil-
liam Carlton, Sewall H. Fessenden, Jacob J.
Nichols, Henry G. Packard, John Q. Miller,
William E. Boyden, Charles H. Burgess, The
Boston and Sandwich Glass Company, and
others, owners, against the United States, for
the loss of the schooner " William Carlton,"
hercargo, freight,and personal effects on board,
by collision with the United States ram " Stone-
wall." in the Potomac river, on or about No-
vember twenty three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, be referred to the Court of Claims,
to hear and determine the same.
Approved, March 3, 1871.
