
show of occupation and repair, and to defend from assault during the embarkation, and it is strictly enjoined that no more men shall be permitted to quit the work and go to the landing than can be safely embarked. The embarkment will be superintended by the field officers or regimental and battalion commanders, who will halt and keep their respective commands about 100 yards from the boats, divide them into suitable squads for assignment to the boats in exact conformity with the directions of the naval officers in charge of embarkation, and then superintend the disposition of the men accordingly, impressing on all the vital necessity for silence, obedience to orders, and the utmost coolness.

III. The companies left to occupy Battery Wagner to the last will be under charge of a firm and intelligent field officer, who will not withdraw his command until assured there is sufficient transportation for all the remaining garrison of the island, including that of Battery Gregg.

IV. The final evacuation will depend for success on the utmost coolness and quiet on the part of every man. At least two officers, previously selected, will be left to light the fuses, already arranged and timed to about fifteen minutes, to blow up the magazine and bomb-proof, and to destroy the armament in the manner already indicated by special instructions from district headquarters; but the fuses must not be set on fire until it is certain that there is transportation for the removal of all the garrison, or excepting the enemy become aware of the evacuation, and are evidently about to storm and enter the work. The men must be embarked with arms loaded, ready to repel an attack by boat parties of the enemy.

V. The garrison of Battery Gregg will stand staunchly at its post until the last company from Battery Wagner shall be embarked. It will then take to the boats with silence and deliberation, provision having been duly made as at Battery Wagner for the destruction of the work and its ordnance. Both explosions shall be as nearly simultaneous as possible, and the complete success of the evacuation will probably be in the hands of those whose high duty it will be to apply the fire to the fuses at Battery Wagner. The garrison of Battery Gregg will be embarked with the same precaution and regulations as prescribed for Battery Wagner. In case the enemy should carry Battery Wagner immediately after the garrison shall have evacuated, or in any way the explosion of the magazine should be prevented, a signal of three rockets discharged in rapid succession shall be made from Battery Gregg, when the naval vessels in position and our land batteries bearing on Battery Wagner will be opened with a steady fire on the site of that work, as will be done likewise immediately after an explosion shall take place, and this fire will be maintained slowly during the night.

Brigadier-General Ripley will give such additional orders as will be calculated to secure the successful evacuation of Morris Island, or to met emergencies. He will confer with Flag-Officer Tucker, and procure all necessary assistance.

The operation is one of the most delicate ever attempted in war.

Coolness, resolute courage, judgment, and inflexibility on the part of officers, obedience to orders, and a constant seance of the necessity for silence on the part of the men, are essential for complete success, and the credit which must attach to those who achieve it.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

