HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., September 19, 1863.

Lieutenant A. N. TOUTANT BEAUREGARD,Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: In reply to your inquiries of this date, relative to the confidential letter from these headquarters, dated 5th instant, I have the honor to state that that communication was sent down on the afternoon of the 6th instant, leaving these headquarters between 4 and 5 o'clock. This was the first communication with Morris Island after the morning of the 5th, before the instructions were written. The letter was started down on the night of the 5th, but I was informed that no boat reached the island that night, and all communications for Colonel Keitt were returned to this office.

Colonel Keitt received this letter with the instructions from the headquarters of the department. I must not omit to state that I sent similar instructions early in the day on the 6th, after I had been informed that the commanding general had determined upon the evacuation, by telegraph and signal. Colonel Keitt informed me that these were not received until late in the day, owing, I suppose, to the difficulty of signaling under the very heavy fire of that entire day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA NO.6. HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., November 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward for the information of the War Department the following papers touching operations in my department: Paper marked A, return and estimate of troops and guns in Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, November 1, 1863; Paper B, copy of Brigadier-General Walker's letter of November 19, 1863, asking for re-enforcements in event of an attack upon his district, &amp;c., with my endorsements of November 22 and 28 upon same; Paper C, copy of circular of 25th instant from these headquarters to Brigadier-Generals Walker, Mercer, Wise, and Robertson, for their information in regard to operations in case of an attempt by the enemy to force his way into the interior, seize the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, and effect a lodgment upon the main.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt.and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

[Indorsement No. 1.]

DECEMBER 3, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

