
hazard any portion of his command. Perhaps one or two regiments only need be disembarked. These should be pushed forward as skirmisher, under cover of the navy.

III. A naval force is expected to enter the main channel abreast of Morris Island by or before sunrise to-morrow morning, to co-operate with the land forces.

IV. Should the night attack fail from any cause, the assaulting column with withdraw to Folly Island, sending their boats into Folly Island Creek. In that event, the batteries on the north end of Folly Island will open daybreak, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

Brigadier-General Seymour will arrange the details.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

62. Colonel Serrell, of the New York Volunteer Engineers, was ordered to remove, before daybreak on the 9th, the piles which the enemy had previously placed across the creek which connects Light-House Inlet with Folly Island Creek, to allow the boats to pass through.

63. The batteries on the north end of Folly Island were also ordered to be unmasked, by opening out the embrasures and cutting away the brush-wood in front of them. (See Plate II.*)

64. About midnight of the 8th, it was determined for various reasons, the principal of which was the unseaworthy condition of our boats, to defer the attack until the next night. A sufficient number of the piles had been removed to afford a passage for the boats, but the work of unmasking the batteries had not progressed far enough to expose them to the view or attract the attention of the enemy.

65. In the meantime, Brigadier-General Terry's command, of about 3,800 men, had proceeded up the Stono on the afternoon of the 8th, and was confronting the enemy on James Island. The immediate effect of this demonstration, as subsequently ascertained, was to draw off a portion of the enemy's force on Morris Island. The following order was then issued on the afternoon of the 9th, and full detailed instructions for the assault given verbally to Generals Seymour and Strong:

66. HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Folly Island, S. C., July 9, 1863.

CONFIDENTIAL INSTRUCTIONS.

I. The attack on Morris Island, ordered for this morning but postponed in consequence of the inclemency of the weather and other unfavorable circumstances, will take place to-morrow morning at break of day by opening our batteries at the north end of Folly Island. General Strong's brigade, or so much of it as the small boats can accommodate, will embark to-night, and hold itself in Folly Island Creek, ready to move forward, and at the proper time occupy the south end of Morris Island.

II. Lieutenant Commander Francis W. Bunce, U. S. Navy, with four navy howitzer launches, will approach Light-House Inlet at daybreak, by way of Folly Island Creek, and engage the enemy's rifle-pits and batteries on Morris Island in flank and reverse, choosing his own position. He will cover General Strong's landing.

III. Two regiments of infantry, a battery of light artillery, and five Requa rifle batteries will be held in readiness to re-enforce General Strong promptly. Brigadier-General Seymour will arrange and order all details.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See foot-none, p. 9.

---------------

