
[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON, December 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The papers referred to and inclosed in my letter of November 29, will show my plans in connection with matters referred to in your letter of December 26, and furnish information desired by the President.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to General Beauregard, and the officers and men of his command, for their defense of Charleston, S. C.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby cordially tendered, to General G. T. Beauregard and the officers and men of his command for their gallant and successful defense of the city of Charleston, S. C.-a defense which, for the skill, heroism, and tenacity displayed by the defenders during an attack scarcely paralleled in warfare-whether we consider the persistent efforts of the enemy, or his almost boundless resources in the most improved and formidable artillery, and the most powerful engines of war hitherto known-is justly entitled to be pronounced glorious by impartial history and an admiring country.

Resolved. That the President be requested to communicate the foregoing resolution to General Beauregard and the officers and men of his command.

Approved February 8, 1864.

No. 5. Extract from Journal* of Operations in Charleston Harbor, September 1-December 31, 1863.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 1, 1863.

Batteries Simkins, Cheves, and several of the enemy's Morris Island batteries have been in occasional action during the night; Battery Wagner firing steadily. Since 6 o'clock last night 213 shots were fired by our batteries and 129 by those of the enemy.

7 a.m. Two vessels arrived from southward, laden.

10.30. Enemy sent dispatch from Gregg's Hill to inlet:

Landward began another 30-pounder battery to the left of 100-pounder.

S-, Colonel.

Also

When are you going to fire 200-pounder on city?

[No signature.]

11.30 a.m. One bark arrived from seaward, laden.

112 m. Large side-wheel steamship arrived from southward with troops; one brig and one schooner coming in from northward, laden.

---------------

*Kept at headquarters Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, and embodying the daily reports received under General Beauregard's orders of July 15, 1863.

---------------

