
12 struck inside, 9 outside, and 17 missed. About 11,000 pounds of powder and other ordnance stores were shipped from the fort. One shot penetrated the scarp wall, opening daylight into the magazine in southeast pan coupe. The negroes and also the garrison worked all day repairing damages of the previous night.

Lieutenant [John] Johnson, engineer officer, was relieved from duty in consequence of the aggravated condition of his wound, and Lieutenant [T. M.] Hall reported in his stead. No guns could be removed in consequence of the roughness of the weather.

The enemy in front of Wagner were engaged during the night in strengthening their advanced position, which is now a strong work, and it is within 80 or 100 yards of the salient. Our batteries kept up a brisk fire to impede their operations. Owing to the difficulty of procuring ammunition at Wagner, the fire from that work was slack. The effective strength of the command on Morris Island is 1,656. General A. H. Colquitt was relieved at 11 p.m. by Colonel Keitt.

September 3, 1863.-6 a.m. Batteries on both sides have been quiet since 7 o'clock last night, excepting Wagner. In the past twelve hours, our batteries have fired 172 shots and the enemy 157.

8 a.m. River steamer arrived from the northward, laden.

10 a.m. Inside of bar-Ironsides, six monitors, four gunboats, six mortar-boats, four sloops of war, transports, &amp;c. Off the bar- French vessel, two gunboats, frigate, and nine other vessels.

6 p.m. Batteries Wagner, Cheves, and Haskell have been firing occasionally during the day, throwing since 6 a.m. 36 shots. The enemy in the same period have fired 90.

7 p.m. Enemy directing calcium light upon Battery Wagner.

Colonel Johnson telegraphs from Hardeeville that there is one iron-clad among the enemy's fleet at Hilton Head.

Lieutenant [R. Y.] Dwight, commanding Battery D, Sullivan's Island, says that his battery was constructed with a view of using a ship's gun-carriage, and, consequently, the men and the gun are very much exposed; suggests the erection of sand-bag traverses that could be easily and quickly removed, so as not to interfere with the extent of the field fire.

The garrison at Fort Sumter have been employed in reliefs the past twenty-four hours, repairing damages, &c. The enemy did not fire a shot to-day at work. The northeast and northwest terre-pleins have fallen in, and western wall has a crack entirely through from parapet to berm. Greater portion of southern wall is down, upper east magazine penetrated, and lower east magazine wall cracked. Eastern wall nearly shot away, and large portion down; ramparts gone, and nearly every casemate breached. Casemates on eastern face still filled with sand, and may protect garrison from shells. There is not a single gun en barbette, and but a single smooth-bore 32-pounder on west face that can be fired. A quantity of ordnance stores shipped during the night.

September 4, 1863-6 a.m. During the past night Battery Wagner has been firing steadily, and Batteries Simkins, Cheves, and Haskell occasionally.

Since 6 p.m. of the 3rd, our batteries have thrown 240 and the enemy 110, and during the last twenty-four hours 276 shots have been fired by us and 200 by the enemy.

9.30 a.m. Inside of bar-thirty-seven vessels, including Ironsides, six monitors, three sloops of war, three gunboats, five mortar-boats,

