
The following are copies of telegrams received from Fort Sumter:

2.40 A. M.

All the garrison of Morris Island who came here have been shipped. Lieutenant Haskell's boat from the Chicora was captured by a Yankee barge. Two of the crew came to Sumter, and report all of our troops had left the island.

10 A. M.

A flag of truce from Admiral Dahlgren demanding the surrender of the fort has been met by Lieutenant [David] Brown, of the Palmetto State. I presume I shall refuse.

Commander J. K. Mitchell telegraphs from Richmond that Master Barnum leaves to-day and [James H.] Rochelle to-morrow with 90 men for Charleston. These men, with 60 more from Wilmington, furnished for temporary service on the requisition of General Beauregard.

Colonel [R. F.] Graham telegraphs at 12.35 p.m. that the enemy have completely occupied Wagner and Greggs.

Captain [J. B. L.] Walpole signals from John's Island that the enemy are on a small island east of Horse Island, where they have a picket stationed, and they also occupy a very small island southeast of the latter island. He also reports that a transport and the Pawnee came up the Stono, and stopped in front of Legareville. They subsequently landed, and advanced two companies deployed as skirmishers about 2 miles from Legare's, and returned by same route, and embarked on transport, which, with the Pawnee, went down the river. Colonel Graham reports that a monitor is apparently aground between Morris and Sullivan's Islands.

About 2 a.m. the enemy apparently became aware that some unusual movement was going on. They ceased firing into Wagner, and commenced shelling the ground between that work and Gregg.

At 3 a.m. three rockets, as previously arranged, were thrown up; but as Colonel [J. A.] Yates, who was so much nearer the scene of operation, did not open, Major Manigault hesitated for some time to fire, but finally opened slowly, and continued until daylight.

The engineers are engaged on a covered way from mortar battery on right flank of Battery Haskell to covered way already constructed on north side of the road to the point.

About 8 a.m. a flag of truce was sent by the enemy's fleet, demanding the surrender of Fort Sumter.

At 7 p.m. the Ironsides and six monitors engaged Fort Moultrie, firing an occasional shot at Sumter, which did no damage. During the night the noise of hammering could be distinctly heard from the parapet, indicating that one of the monitors had been injured, and was repairing damages. One of them appears to be aground, about 1,200 yards from the fort. There are thirty-six vessels inside the bar, including the Ironsides and six monitors.

[Scouting parties from Battery Marshall to Long Island report no signs of the enemy.*]

September 8, 1863-6 a.m. Moultrie, Bee, Simkins, and Cheves have been firing during the night, engaging the Ironsides and five monitors, who have fired, since 6 p.m. of the 7th, 197, while our batteries in the same time have thrown 697 shots, a portion of which were directed against Batteries Wagner and Gregg.

---------------

*Major Rion's report, p.541.

---------------

