
8.30. Weather very hazy.

9.30. One monitor reported aground between Sumter and Cumming's Point.

6 p.m. During the day the Sullivan's Island batteries, Battery Simkins, and all of the enemy's iron-clads have been in action. Seven hundred and twelve shots were fired by us at the iron-clads, of which 122 were good shots and 36 struck. The enemy have fired 700 shell. One monitor is supposed to have been struck thirteen times, and is evidently injured.

6.30 p.m. Forty vessels inside the bar, including Ironsides, six monitors, flag-ship, one sloop of war, three gunboats, six mortar-boats, &amp;c. French vessel, two gunboats, one mortar-boat, and four other vessels outside of bar.

General Mercer telegraphs that the Twenty-Second South, Carolina Regiment, of Evans' brigade, 350 strong, left this morning at 8.30 o'clock.

This regiment and Companies B, D, F, H, I, and K, of Gantt's Eleventh South Carolina, and the Macbeth Artillery, Captain [B. A.] Jeter, arrived this evening.

At 8.30 a.m. fire was opened from Battery D, Sullivan's Island, with the treble-banded Brooke gun, on one of the monitors at close range, with 20 pounds of powder, and with an elevation of 4 or 5. After firing 5 or 6 shots, it was discovered that the band through the vent-passes had given way about 8 or 10 inches below the vent, on the right, and the next band in rear of this had also given way on the left near the breech trunnion band. Subsequently, by General Ripley's order, a bolt with 13 pounds of powder was fired from this gun at the grounded monitor off Cumming's Point, which struck the vessel on the deck. This discharge cracked the breech open in a plane passing vertically through the vent.

Colonel Yates telegraphed at 7.30 a.m. that the 8-inch gun at Shell Point burst last night, after having been fired, 1,200 times at Simkins, and many times before when in Sumter. Further, that he will open on the grounded monitor with three mortars and one gun, which is the only one that will bear. He also reports that pumping was heard last night on both the grounded monitors and the Ironsides. The latter he saw repeatedly struck yesterday.

The following dispatches were received during the day from Major Elliott:

The monitor near Cumming's Point evidently aground. Deck now 4 feet above water, and will be some 2 feet higher at low water.

9.45. The monitor has been hit three times on water line.

11.15. Ironsides heavily hit just now, throwing quantities of sand off her deck.

12 m. Fragments of Ironsides torn away by shot from Sullivan's Island.

2.10. Ironsides has been injured, but think not seriously. One monitor smoke-stack down, and is apparently disabled; another is aground off Morris Island, and has been shelling the fort.

General Taliaferro telegraphs:

Attacked the enemy's pickets on Battery Island last night. Drove them off, and destroyed bridge and landing, so cannot get to Horse Island. This attack was made in accordance with directions of the 6th instant.

Pawnee at this time [12 m.] firing on our batteries on the StoNumbers Will send 10-inch destined for Pringle to Simkins, although much needed at Pringle, especially as gunboats persist in coming up.

In the engagement to-day with the monitors, from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., 19 men were killed and 26 wounded at Moultrie, nearly all by

