
a shell from the Weehawken, which exploded a lot of ammunition in chests. Two guns were also disabled by the enemy's fire.

At Beauregard Battery, Lieutenant [E. A.] Erwin, Company A, was killed by fragments of a shell, and Lieutenants [E. Wister] Macbeth and [J. Lewis] Wardlaw were slightly wounded. No injury to the battery. Two men slightly wounded at Battery K, Sullivan's Island.

During the attack by the enemy on Fort Sumter last night, in barges, Colonel Graham, commanding at Fort Johnson, reports the batteries at his post were prompt in assisting the firing, which was very good.

Major Elliott, commanding Fort Sumter, having for several nights expected a boat attack, had one-third of the garrison under arms on the parapet, and the remainder so posted as to re-enforce promptly in an emergency.

September 9, 1863.-At 1 a.m. a fleet of boats and barges was seen approaching from the eastward. Fire was reserved until the enemy approached within a few yards of the fort. They attempted to land on the southeast and south faces, but were received with a well-directed fire of musketry and hand-grenades. Fragments of the epaulements were also thrown down upon them. The crews near shore sought refuge in the recesses of the foot of scarp, those farther off in flight. The repulse was decided, and the assault was not renewed. The attacking force is represented by prisoners at 400 men, but is thought to have been much larger. The enemy's loss is 4 men, killed, 2 officers and 17 men wounded, and 10 officers and 92 men captured. We also secured 5 stand of colors and five barges. The Sullivan's Island batteries enfiladed, and contributed to prevent a renewal of the attack. Many of their shots, however, struck the fort.

1.15 a.m. Enemy assaulting Sumter with infantry; Moultrie opens.

1.35 a.m. Assault upon Sumter still continues. Moultrie, Beauregard, Bee, and Simkins firing upon that point. Rocket thrown up from Sumter.

2.15 a.m. Musketry fire fallen off in last twenty minutes; now only scattering. Johnson and Cheves in action.

2.50 a.m. Simkins and Cheves still firing; other batteries silent.

6 a.m. Since 6 p.m. the enemy's batteries have been silent. Our batteries have thrown 292 shot and shell.

10 a.m. No change in fleet since last night's report.

7.45 a.m. Cutter from Ironsides with flag of truce off Cumming's Point. Barge left Sumter to meet it.

Captain [T. S.] Hale made the following observation this afternoon from Sullivan's Island, to wit: Four barges stove in and washed ashore on Morris Island; men repairing smoke-stack of Monitor No. 2; turret of Monitor No. 1 has a dent in it, and apparently deranged; Ironsides has several layers of sand amidships abaft smoke-stack; 200 men, black and white, working on interior of Wagner; enemy at work on Black Island; also on a new battery on Morris Island bearing on James Island.

6 p.m. Batteries Moultrie, Bee, Simkins, and Cheves have been in slow action during the day, throwing in all 135 shots. The enemy still quiet, and have not fired a gun since 6 a.m.

Major Manigault reports that when the enemy were heard attacking Sumter this morning, the commanders of Batteries Haskell,

