
Tatom, Ryan, and Redoubt No. 1 were notified to hold themselves in readiness. Battery Haskell did not fire, but was ready to do so.

Captain Walpole telegraphs that Pawnee came up to Legare's place, John's Island, at 10 a.m.; returned in two hours, and fired 8 shots on James Island and 8 at Legareville.

One company of the enemy went from Dixon's Island to small island south of it, where they are repairing a causeway from Cole's Island.

A flag of truce was received by boat from Sumter about 9 a.m. in reference to the prisoners captured at that post this morning.

Another flag was received at 4 p.m., bringing baggage, &amp;c., for the prisoners.

A flag was sent to the enemy at about 6 p.m., bearing dispatch from General Jordan, and the bodies of the dead.

The prisoners, excepting the wounded, sent to-night to the city.

September 10, 1863.-Enemy still silent, but working and strengthening their works on Morris Island, putting guns in position, &c.

5 p.m. Inside of bar-five monitors, one sloop of war, three gunboats, six mortar schooners, twenty-six transports, &c. Usual number off the bar.

Batteries Bee, Simkins, Cheves, and Fort Moultrie have been firing slowly since 6 p.m. of the 9th, throwing 514 shots.

Reports from John's Island state that the enemy's pickets still remain on Battery Island, and are passing to and from Horse Island to Cole's Island.

Captain Hale telegraphs from Sullivan's Island that enemy are constructing a battery abreast of Beacon House. Heavy Parrott guns in position and embrasure for another, both bearing on Moultrie, Haskell, and Cheves.

A letter was received to-day from Major [J. T.] Trezevant, to the effect that some ten days ago he again urged the arsenals at Augusta, Macon, Columbus, and Atlanta to increase, if possible, their supply of projectiles. He thinks, however, that the supply from these arsenals will not equal the daily demand in a continuous fight like yesterday, and he is satisfied all five arsenals cannot furnish more than twenty tons, or at most twenty-five tons, of projectiles per day, even if an abundant supply of coal and iron can be procured.

September 11, 1863.-Captain Hale reports that the enemy have two 10-inch columbiads mounted at Battery Gregg, bearing on Sullivan's Island. Enemy at work on the magazine of that work, and also between Gregg and Wagner. A battery is being constructed north of Gadberry Hill, where two guns are already mounted, bearing on James Island.

At 2 p.m. the enemy opened on Battery Simkins from the battery with two 30-pounder Parrotts.

6 p.m. Battery Ramsay fired 5 rounds since 6 p.m. of the 10th. Moultrie, Bee, Simkins, and Cheves have been firing, throwing in that time 459 shots, while the enemy in the same time have fired only 33.

Inside of bar-Ironsides, five monitors, and thirty-two other vessels. Outside of bar-eight.

Major [J. H.] Rion, commanding Seventh South Carolina Battalion, reports that a scouting party was sent* to Long Island, and discovered that 2 officers and 3 men had been on the island the day previous.

---------------

*From Battery Marshall.

---------------

