
examination proved that the enemy had increased their pickets. General Taliaferro concludes from these facts that the enemy anticipate an attack from us.

September 17, 1863.-Not a shot was fired to-day by the enemy, and the fire from our batteries was very slow and irregular, owing to the equinoctial storm, which commenced last night, with wind from the east and southeast, accompanied by heavy showers of rain, which continued all day. The Ironsides and four monitors lay at anchor in the channel off Morris Island, nearly abreast of Graham's house, and appeared to weather the gale with but little difficulty. The wooden vessels were rolling and pitching heavily, while the iron-clads had but little motion.

Long trains of wagons were seen by Major Elliott coming down the beach on Morris Island, and discharging their contents at Battery Gregg. It is reported that these wagons were fired on.

Captain Walpole reports that enemy's pickets are still at Green Creek Bridge.

September 18, 1863.-The equinoctial storm appears to be over. Some rain and wind during the night, but this morning is clear and pleasant.

The enemy are busy at work near Battery Wagner and did not fire a gun to-day.

Batteries K and Beauregard kept up mortar practice from Sullivan's Island on the enemy at Battery Gregg. The commander of Beauregard Battery thinks his fire was without effect. Fifteen shots were fired with good effect from the Brooke gun at Battery Simkins.

Colonel [C. H.] Olmstead reports that a rope has been sent for to stretch across the mouth of Light-House Creek, and he expects to establish our pickets on the opposite side to-night.

A working party on Black Island and at Battery Wagner was fired on at different times to-day from Battery Haskell.

The practice from the 4,62-inch gun was very good, but the columbiad fired wild, and many shell did not burst. Complaint is made of the irregularity of the burning of the fuses.

At the twelfth fire [5.10 p.m.] the 8-inch columbiad burst, mortally wounding 1 private of the Second South Carolina artillery, and breaking the leg of another man of the working party at Wagner with a charge of 10 pounds of powder and elevation of 19 30'. The report of the accident was returned with the indorsement by the chief of the staff that it was not seen why a solid shot was fired at a working party instead of a shell, and the attention of battery commanders was directed to be specially called to the matter.

The Abolition fleet at Port Royal to-day is two steam frigates, two sloops of war, one iron-clad, eight gunboats, and sixty-four transports.

September 19, 1863-6 a.m. Since 6 a.m. yesterday, Batteries Simkins, Haskell, and West Columbiad Battery, on Sullivan's Island, have been slowly firing at the enemy's working parties on Morris Island, throwing in that period 133 shots in all.

The enemy fired a few shots in the morning, and again a few more in the evening at Fort Johnson, but doing no damage.

At 9.30 a.m. one loaded transport arrived from the northward.

11 a.m. Thirty-nine vessels inside of the bar, including Ironsides, five mortars, four gunboats, four mortar-boats, &amp;c. Off the bar- French vessel, one mortar-boat, and five blockaders.

