
The enemy continues to work industriously by strengthening our old batteries and erecting new ones on Morris Island, placing guns in position at Wagner, &amp;c., though seriously annoyed at the latter place by the fire of our James Island batteries.

A large quantity of shot, some shells, a lot of iron shipped from disabled carriages, and also two guns, were shipped from Sumter last night.

The Charleston Battalion, which has been on duty in Sumter for some time, was this evening relieved by a detachment of 250 men from the Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers, under command of Captain [J. J] Gooding.

About 11 a.m. a large working party of the enemy at Battery Wagner were fired at from Battery Haskell with the 4,62-inch rifled gun. After discharging 7 shots with precision, the rear band showed symptoms of starting from the one in front of it, and a black, semiliquid, unctions residuum of burned powder oozed out from between the bands. This latter was seen only by the gunner, and was not observed by the commanding officer. The gun being now regarded dangerous, no more shots were fired from it.* Up to this, the gun had only been discharged 261 times, with an average elevation of 13 30'; charge of 4 pounds of powder and weight of projectile 27 to 28 pounds. The vent of the piece is reported ragged and much enlarged.

Reports from the Stono state that 100 men crossed the creek and marsh, going toward the bridge over Green Creek.

In the afternoon a gunboat went up Folly River to the obstructions, and, after remaining a short time, returned, firing blank cartridges.

The enemy's fleet at Hilton Head to-day is two steam frigates, two sloops of war, one iron-clad, eight gunboats, and thirty-nine transports.

The last of General Henry A. Wise's brigade arrived to-day. It is composed of the Twenty-sixth Virginia, Colonel [P. R.] Page; Fourth Virginia Heavy Artillery, Colonel [J. T.] Goode; Forty-sixth Virginia, Colonel [R. T. W.] Duke, and Fifty-ninth Virginia, Colonel [W. B.] Tabb.

The following is a copy of a Yankee dispatch intercepted:

D-:

What shall be done with the guns and carriages directed by you to be put on the schooner Nelly Brown? The schooner now draws too much water to leave the inlet.

GILLMORE.

September 20, 1863, 6 a.m.-Since this hour yesterday morning mortars on Sullivan's Island and Batteries Cheves, Haskell, and Simkins have been firing slowly at the enemy's working parties on Morris Island. Only a few shots were fired by the enemy during the day, and these were directed against Fort Johnson. The effect of the practice from both Batteries Simkins and Cheves is reported unsatisfactory. In the past twenty-four hours, 238 shots have been fired by our batteries.

There are inside the bar this morning thirty-five vessels, including the Ironsides, five monitors, four gunboats, four mortar-boats, &c. Outside the bar, a French vessel and five others.

Notwithstanding the fire of our batteries, the enemy still progresses

---------------

*Manigault's report.

---------------

