
in his defensive and offensive works on Morris Island. Working parties are reported behind every sand-hill between Gregg and Wagner.

Major Elliott reports that the change of garrison at Fort Sumter was effected last night at 10 o'clock. A 7-inch gun, rifled and banded, was removed by Mr. Mathewes.

At 4.30 p.m. Major Elliott telegraphs that a monitor was towed to the southward, in which direction she disappeared.

Captain Walpole reports that enemy are constantly passing and repassing from Battery- to Cole's Island, and that a large number of Yankees are on Kiawah Island.

The fleet at Port Royal to-day is two steam frigates, two sloops of war, eight gunboats, and fifty-eight transports.

The following are copies of intercepted messages sent by the enemy:

Colonel HAWLEY:

Is the lantern at the end of the island placed there last night still there? Is there oil enough to last until morning.

GILLMORE,

General.

General V-:

I shall be absent from my headquarters for twenty-four hours. During my absence, the troops on Morris Island and Folly Island will be under the command of General Terry.

GILLMORE,

General.

September 21, 1863.-The Ironsides, four monitors, and twenty-nine other vessels are reported by Major Elliott inside the bar this morning, and five propellers outside.

The 10-inch columbiad left by us at Gregg has been dismounted by the enemy and rolled over upon the parapet, where it now lies.

Battery Wagner is being strengthened and enlarged. The enemy are throwing up heavy parapets facing the northward and westward. The sand-hills between Batheries Gregg and Wagner are filled with working parties.

The usual fire was kept up to-day with mortars from Sullivan's Island and from Batteries Simkins and Haskell.

The magazine at Battery Cheves not being completed, no firing from there to-day. Seventy-six rounds were fired from 8-inch shell gun and 55 rounds from the Brooke gun at Simkins. Effect good.

Major Manigault, at Battery Haskell, fired 12 shell from 4.62-inch rifle No. 2 at a working party on Black Island, but owing to difference either in quality of powder or size of cartridges, the practice was very unsatisfactory. To-day 9, 10, and even 11 elevation was used to attain the same range which was yesterday obtained with an elevation of only 7 3/4 and 8. The firing from the 4-inch Blakely was also indifferent, and is attributed to the character of the projectiles furnished. The attention of Colonel [J. R.] Waddy, chief of ordnance, was called to both points, in the hope that some remedy could be devised.

The Abolition fleet to-day at Port Royal is two steam frigates, two sloops of war, one iron-clad, seven gunboats, and fifty-seven transports.

September 22, 1863.-There are inside the bar this morning the Ironsides, four monitors, one sloop of war, four gunboats, three mortar-boats, and twenty-nine other vessels. Seven vessels off the

