
September 30, 1863.-Moultrie, Simkins, and Cheves have been in occasional action since yesterday morning, firing in all 141 rounds.

The enemy opened from Gadberry Hill at 11.40 on Sumter, and throwing an occasional shot at Fort Johnson. In the afternoon, however, their fire on the latter work became so vigorous as to interfere with the working party, and finally to cause the negroes to be withdrawn. At dusk, operations were resumed, and continued during the night, to make up for time lost in the day. Of the 68 shots fired at Fort Sumter, 31 struck inside and 14 outside. The damage to the work was inconsiderable, and only 1 man was slightly wounded. There were no casualties whatever at Fort Johnson.

Battery Simkins replied to the enemy's fire with 48 rounds from the 8-inch columbiad, but with what effect it is not stated.

The enemy are still industriously employed on their Morris Island batteries, and it is believed four guns have been mounted at Wagner.

The 10-inch columbiad on the north angle at Sumter was removed to the parade last night by Mr. Butterfield, and a 42-pounder rifle was placed on skids, ready for removal to the casemate.

Report from the Stono is unimportant. Transports arrived and departed during the day, but without troops.

Scout E. B. Bell returned to-day from a fruitless attempt to reach Otter Island. He reached Hutchinson's Island, and was about to proceed to Otter Island when he discovered two sail-boats and two eight-oared boats loaded with negro troops in pursuit. By running his boat into a small inlet in the marsh, he evaded the enemy and returned in safety.

October 1, 1863.-There are thirty-eight vessels inside the bar this morning, including the Ironsides, four monitors, three gunboats, three mortar-boats, &amp;c., and one frigate, one mortar-boat, French vessel, and four others off the bar. Fourteen vessels are in the Stono.

Fort Moultrie and Battery Simkins have been in slow, irregular action since yesterday morning. The latter battery fired 13 rounds from the columbiads and 10 rounds from the Brooke gun, both with good effect. Owing to the want of fuse reamers occurred at either battery.

The Brooke gun placed in position to-day at Fort Johnson drew so heavy a fire from the enemy as to oblige the withdrawal again of the working party from exposed positions until night, when labor was resumed. The only casualties at Fort Johnson were 1 private slightly wounded by fragment of a shell, and 1 negro, whose left arm was broken with shell so as to render amputation necessary.

The enemy's fire against Sumter, Johnson, and Simkins is increasing, and is altogether from his heavy rifle batteries near Graham's house. One hundred and twenty-nine shots were fired against Sumter, of which 75 struck, inflicting, however, no material injury. Today the removal of all the available copper and lead from this work was completed.

Work on the bomb-proof at Battery Haskell is suspended for want of material. Wagons are, however, engaged in hauling timber for the purpose. At 2.30 p.m. 3 shots were fired from this battery at a party of the enemy on Black Island, distant 1 3/8 miles. The gun used was the 4,62 rifle No. 2, with 4 pounds powder and 28-pound shell. The first shot, fired at an elevation of 9, and 10-second fuse, passed over, and did not burst. Second shot, 8 1/2 elevation, same length of fuse, like result. Third shot, 8 elevation, 8 1/2 second fuse, good, but did not burst.

