
Second shot, 10 pounds powder, 26,2 seconds, 2 3/8 miles; burst several hundred yards up in air.

Third shot, 10 pounds powder, 26,2 seconds, 2 3/8 miles; did not see and did not burst.

Fourth shot, 10 pounds powder, 26,6 seconds, 2 3/8 miles; burst high in air.

Fifth shot, 10 pounds powder, 26,6 seconds, 2 3//8 miles; did not see.

Sixth shot, 10 pounds powder, 26,6 seconds, 2 3/8 miles; did not burst; fell to right, and short.

Eighth shot, 10 pounds powder, 26,6 seconds, 2 3/8 miles; burst high.

The following are copies of signal dispatches sent by the enemy and intercepted by our signal corps.*

October 4, 1863.-There is no material change in fleet off the harbor this morning.

Three hundred and seventeen shots have been fired by our batteries [Sullivan's Island, Simkins, Cheves, and Haskell] since 6 a.m. yesterday. The enemy have fired in the same time 136 shots.

Several large vessels arrived to-day from the northward, laden, but it is not believed they brought any troops; probably loaded with ordnance and other stores.

A small submarine affair was observed to-day with the fleet, and was towed over the bar and brought inside by one of the blockading vessels.

The enemy were remarkably quiet to-day.

Battery Simkins fired with good effect 66 rounds from the 8-inch columbiad and 38 rounds from Mortar No. 2. Eighteen shots were fired from Cheves.

Dispatches from the Stono report a diminution of tents on Kiawah Island. The tents have probably been removed more to the interior of the island.

October 5, 1863.-There are inside the bar this morning the Ironsides, four monitors, two mortar-[boats], seven wooden gunboats, and twenty supply vessels; also a small craft having the appearance of a submarine boat [mentioned in journal yesterday]. Eleven vessels of the usual character are reported off the bar and nineteen in Light-House Inlet.

Monitor No. 5 was reported from Sumter off the bar, and subsequently a dispatch from the Stono stated that a monitor in tow of a steamer was seen going south.

The enemy continue working on the Morris Island batteries. Gregg is being enlarged to the eastward and westward, and traces on the beach observed from Fort Sumter indicate that heavy guns have been transported thither.

The sand-hill battery between Gregg and Wagner continues to be enlarged, but the gun previously reported there is now masked and cannot be seen. Wagner also progresses steadily.

Major Elliott, commanding at Fort Sumter, reports the effect of the past week's bombardment on that work to cut the top of the gorge wall slightly in one or two places; to make holes in the parade; to extend the breach in the north wall, and to give indications of future breaches some remote period. Major Elliott thinks when the enemy shall have brought their guns nearer, the danger from reverse firing will be lessened, and that direct breaches can be made secure if 1,000 or 2,000 sand-bags are furnished him every night.

---------------

*A number of routine dispatches omitted as unimportant.

---------------

