
The Abolition fleet at Hilton Head is one steam frigate, two sloops of war, one cutter, seven wooden gunboats, and seventy-six transports.

Mr. Smith, provided with submarine armor, found the sunken submarine boat to-day in 9 fathoms of water. The engineer department were instructed to furnish Mr. Smith all facilities in the way of ropes, chains, &amp;c., that an attempt might be made to recover the boat.

The following is a copy of an intercepted dispatch:

General G-:

If the vicinity of the Ironsides is lighted with a calcium light, may show the approach of torpedoes. We chased one night before last.

D-,

Admiral.

October 19, 1863.-There are thirty-two vessels inside the bar this morning, including the Ironsides, four monitors, one sloop of war, one gunboat, three mortar-boats, &c.

Fort Moultrie, Simkins, and Cheves continued their fire on the enemy's works-Gregg and Wagner; but as usual, the latter did not reply. Thirty-three shots were fired from Simkins and 18 from Cheves.

Colonel Johnson reports the following as the enemy's fleet at Port Royal, to wit: One steam frigate, two steam sloops of war, one cutter, eight gunboats, and seventy-five transports.

The following Yankee dispatches were intercepted to-day:

General G-:

The Gude from Fort Monroe, with prisoners and conscripts for various regiments, is off Light-House Inlet. Shall I send her to Hilton Head or Stono?

D-,

Captain.

Captain D-:

Send Gude to Stono.

G-,

General.

General GILLMORE:

Your communication by Mr. Grant is at hand. Will use calcium light. Accept my thanks.

DAHLGREN,

Admiral.

October 20, 1863.-There is no change to-day in the enemy's fleet. The usual slow fire was kept up from our batteries, and, as usual, the enemy remained silent. They are, however, progressing with their work upon Wagner and Gregg, as well as upon two batteries between them, commenced a short time ago. Much activity is also observed at one or two of the batteries below Wagner; probably dismounting guns. Several heavy guns can be seen at Battery Wagner; but one only is unmasked at Gregg. There is good reason to believe, however, that there are others in position at that work.

Monitor No. 2 arrived to-day about 11 o'clock, and Monitor No. 7 left in tow of a steamship going south; probably to Hilton Head, for repairs.

A large decrease in the number of tents is reported on Morris Island, and it is thought there is but a small force remaining.

Colonel [J. W.] Robertson, engineer, James Island, reports that the new lines on that on that island are ready for all siege guns.

