
eight shots were fired at the latter work, of which 165 struck and 23 passed over. Their shots were directed against the gorge wall, upon which some impression was made. Later in the afternoon, a wooden gunboat joined one of the monitors, and fired 10 shots at the fort. One of these penetrated the sand-bag traverse about the hospital, and wounded a negro. This was the only casualty during the day.

Of the seven guns mounted at Gregg, two bear upon Sumter, and there are embrasures in the curtain for two more. A 300-pounder Parrott is mounted in the midway battery, also two smaller guns. About five guns appear to be in position at Wagner, which bear also upon Sumter.

The powder in the old magazine has been removed, and placed in the new magazine near the casemate battery, and the remainder in the bomb-proof near the old sally-port.

Battery Simkins to-day fired 72 shots from the rifled gun and 10 shell from mortars. The effect was very unsatisfactory.

Twenty-three shots were fired from Cheves. No casualties occurred at either battery.

The Federal fleet at Port Royal is reported to-day as follows: Two steam frigates, three sloops of war, one cutter, one iron-clad, eight gunboats, and seventy-nine transports.

In response to an application to the Secretary of War for the regiment of heavy artillery [Tennessee] captured and paroled at Vicksburg, a letter was received to-day signed C. H. Lee, assistant adjutant-general, stating that, in view of existing affairs in the southwest, it is impossible to comply with the request.

October 27, 1863.-At 7 a.m. the enemy again opened fire from Batteries Gregg, Wagner, and the low battery to the east of Gregg. As was the case yesterday, their principal attack was against Sumter, although Fort Johnson received due attention from two guns until 12 m., when fire was concentrated upon Sumter, which occasionally received also some shots from the monitors. At dark, 625 shots had been fired at this work. Only 90 missed.

The enemy at this time ceased fired for a short period. and then reopened with two guns from Battery Gregg, a few shots from a monitor, and a mortar from the battery east of Gregg. To prevent any reconnaissance around the fort, the enemy used after dark shrapnel and grape to sweep the channel.

The result of the fire-to-day was to seriously injure the entire sea face, the arches of the second tier being all breached and the material falling outside. This was accomplished by the monitors, Gregg, and the battery east, both the latter having an enfilading fire on this face. The gorge wall was also much damaged. Several shots penetrated through, exploding and dropping beneath. The remains of the north wall were breached in several places. Two guns seem to have directed their entire attention to the southwest angle, which, with the southeast angle, were struck about 100 times. Many of the shells from the monitors fell immediately to the north of the new sally-port. The traverse over the hospitals on the west side, which was shot away yesterday and repaired, again met with the same fate to-day.

An arch on the northeast angle was filled to-day, and the work is progressing to-night.

At 12 m. one of the enemy's shots penetrated the magazine of the Brooke Gun Battery at Fort Johnson, and exploded about 125 pounds of powder, killing 1 private and wounding another [of Company A, Second South Carolina Artillery].

