
mediately afterward two monitors joined in the bombardment, which was renewed with spirit and continued until dark.

The enemy fired exclusively at Sumter, and threw during the day 443 rifled shots from their land batteries, 61 of which missed; 86 shots from the monitors (none missed), and 373 mortar shells, 120 of which did not strike. Three mortar fuses were cut so as to explode the shell a second or two after impact. The enemy's land batteries directed their fire chiefly at the southwest angle, which suffered seriously. The flag-staff was shot away twice, and was replaced by Sergeant [James] Garahan, Corporal [W. M.] Hitt, and Private R. J. Swain, all of Company F, Twelfth Georgia Battalion. It was so much injured, however, that it finally became necessary to raise the battle-flag of the Georgia battalion.

Besides the 13 men killed this morning by the falling of a wall, there were 3 privates of the Twelfth Georgia Battalion killed by shells, and 3 privates and 1 non-commissioned officer wounded, all with fragments of mortar shells.

Major Elliott telegraphs that in view of the difficulty that would ensue in mounting the parapet to repel an assault he wished eight or ten ladders 15 feet in length, which could be used to facilitate that operation. Orders were accordingly given to the engineer department to furnish them, as requested.

The usual semi-monthly inspection of Fort Sumter was made this evening, and the proper police and sanitary measures are reported as being carried on as effectively as it is possible while the fort is undergoing a severe bombardment.

Early this morning a transport with troops on board was seen lying at Folly Point. Soon after, she went up the river. Another steamer went to Kiawah Island, and returned to Folly River loaded with troops.

November 1, 1863-Seventy rifle shots and 33 mortar shells were fired by the enemy's land batteries during the night at Sumter. Ten of the former and 12 of the latter missed.

During the day the enemy's land batteries again opened on the fort, directing their fire at the southwest angle, which was breached on the outside, but not to that extent to make the protection within insecure as yet. After meridian, two monitors assisted in the attack, firing upon the sea wall and in reverse upon the city face, and doing some damage in the vicinity of the new sally-port. Owing to the difficulty of observing the monitors during their period of action, an accurate estimate of the number of shots fired by them was not obtained. It was, however, about the same as yesterday-say 80 shots and 375 rifle shells, 40 of which missed, and 308 mortar shells were fired by the land batteries. Of the mortars shells, 87 did not strike the fort. The wounding of a private was the only casualty in the fort since yesterday.

Only 6 shells were fired to-day from Battery Simkins. Battery Cheves was again silent for want of shells.

Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., commanding post at Fort Johnson, recommends the propriety of ceasing fire at his post until he shall be properly supplied with ammunition, and then, in conjunction with the Sullivan's Island batteries, to open a concentrated fire upon Cumming's Point.

The commanding general replied that a simultaneous fire could do but little good unless continued for several days and nights. This he hopes to do as soon as a full supply of projectiles can be procured, especially 10-inch mortar shells.

