
tions has floated up. The necessary orders were given, and they were soon replaced.

His Excellency the President, accompanied by the commanding general and others, visited Sullivan's Island about 10.30 a.m. No review of troops was had, but those on the line of route were drawn up for inspection.

The following are copies of intercepted dispatches:

10.45 P. M.

General GILLMORE:

Captain F

-----

sends word that he mounted the sea face of Sumter to-night, and was fired at by about 40 muskets.

S----,

General.

General G

-----

:

Attempt last night was unsuccessful.

S----,

General.

November 3, 1863.-The enemy's fleet off the harbor this morning is composed of the Ironsides, four monitors, two gun and two mortar boats, and twenty-five other vessels of various classes. Five vessels are outside the bar. About 5 p.m. another monitor in tow of a steamship from the southward joined the fleet.

A bombardment from rifled pieces and mortars was continued last night by the enemy upon Sumter. Of the 87 rifle shots, 51 struck. Five mortar shells were fired, all of which fell inside. To-day 114 shots were fired by the monitors; all struck the fort. Two hundred and seventy-seven rifle shells and 178 mortar shells from the land batteries; 40 rifle and 17 mortar shells did not strike.

One of the mortar shells penetrated the casemate battery, exploded, and wounded 3 men seriously. The traverses over the hospital were penetrated, and the top of the shell room on the southwest angle was breached.

Company G, First South Carolina Artillery, relieved Lieutenant [Edward] Lowndes' company of the same regiment. The casualties at Sumter to-day were: Private William B. Estes, Company E; B. F. Morris, Company H; J. A. Smith, Company D; James Chambers, Company E; J. R. Morris, Company E, Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiment, all wounded by explosion of shells.

As usual Battery Simkins replied to the enemy, firing, however, only 28 shells.

At Battery Haskell, a negro force is engaged in altering gun chambers 4 and 8. A large force is also employed at Batteries Tatom and Ryan (right). At Battery Ryan (left), carpenters are laying down platform.

A dispatch in cipher was received to-night from Major [William] Norris, stating that a dispatch from Washington, which is deemed reliable, had been received to the effect that the enemy off Charleston propose either this week or next week to make a night boat attack on Sullivan's or James Island, and, should this prove a failure, then the monitors, &amp;c., were to dash in and endeavor to reduce the city. Copies of this telegram were immediately communicated to the several district commanders, and the necessary orders given in the emergency.

November 4, 1863.-Firing at intervals was kept up last night by the enemy's land batteries upon Fort Sumter. Fifty-nine rifle shells

