
struck and 27 missed. For the past two days their fire upon that post has materially slackened, though to-day the bombardment was somewhat heavier than yesterday. Eighty-six shells from the monitors, 174 rifle shells from the land batteries, and 100 mortar shells struck, while 26 rifle and 36 mortar shells missed.

None of our batteries are reported to have been in action to-day.

About noon His Excellency the President of the Confederate States, accompanied by Governor Bonham, General Beauregard, and others, visited and inspected the various defensive works upon James Island.

It is reported from the the southward arrived, and proceeded up Folly River.

November 5, 1863.-During the night, 86 rifle shots were fired by the enemy at Fort Sumter; 27 of these missed. The fire from the land batteries, which was resumed this morning, was directed, as usual, upon the southwest angle of Fort Sumter. The eastern pan coupe received most of the fire from the monitors. The crown of the eastern arch was destroyed, but the debris falling in assisted the work of the engineers.

The only casualty was Private A. Larender, Company F, Twenty-fifth Georgia Regiment, severe flesh wound in the back.

During the day, 200 rifle shots were fired at the fort from the shore batteries; 43 of these missed; 213 mortar shells, of which 98 missed. Of the 68 shots fired by the monitor, 7 missed.

In addition to the usual fire from Battery Simkins, whence 11 shells were thrown at the enemy, some of the Sullivan's Island batteries also joined in the defense.

Major Manigault, commanding artillery section Numbers 2, James Island, reports that in consequence of certain information received [the number] of his cannoneers was strengthened; also the infantry pickets and supports.

Lieutenant Colonel William Stokes reports that, in obedience to orders, he directed Lieutenant J. P. De Veaux, Company D, Fifth South Carolina Cavalry, to ascertain whether the enemy's boats are habitually on duty at the mouth of Ashepoo River. Lieutenant De Veaux made the reconnaissance, and states that he saw no signs of the enemy; but he thinks these boats were placed there to stop any observations of their fleet, which was reported to be moving south at the time.

Reports from the Stono state that one transports arrived from the south and another from a direction that was not ascertained. Both brought troops, and landed them on Folly Island.

Copy of enemy's message intercepted:

General S---:

Will your order the 200-pounders in Fort Putnam to cease firing till further orders?

V----,

General.

November 6, 1863.-The enemy inside the bar this morning the Ironsides, four monitors, flagship, two mortar-boats, and twenty-two other vessels of various classes. Outside the bar there are seven blockading vessels.

Thirty-seventh rifle and 1 mortar shell struck Fort Sumter last [night], while 21 rifle shells missed.

During the day, the usual fire from the Morris Island batteries and the monitors was continued.

