
and 212 mortar shells were thrown; of the former 15 and of the latter 46 failed to strike. The injury done to the work appears to have been less marked than on any previous day's bombardment.

First Lieutenant [T.] Davis Waties, Company G, First South Carolina Artillery, and 2 privates, slightly wounded, were the only casualties during the day.

The mountain howitzer sent to the fort to aid in repelling an assault, and placed in a position of supposed security, was struck on the chase by a fragment of a mortar shell, which caused a convexity of the bore. This, however, it is thought, may be remedied by reboring.

The following is a condensed statement of the work performed by the engineer department in the fort during the nights of the 6th and 7th: Force engaged, 170 hands; discharged 2,700 bags of sand; repaired, raised and enlarged traverses on west circular stairway; filled mortar holes over gorge bomb-proof and in traverse in rear of northeast lower casemate battery, Carpenters worked on ladders, ventilators, and chevaux-de-frise, being obliged to remodel the latter.

In reply to the fire of the enemy to-day against Fort Sumter, 4 shells were thrown from the 8-inch gun and 6 shots from the Brooke gun at Battery Simkins. A few mortar shells were also thrown rom Sullivan's Island.

General Taliaferro telegraphs that he has directed 200 men to be held in readiness at Fort Johnson to go to Sumter in the event of an assault upon that work, and he asks whether he shall await a signal from Major Elliott, or send the men upon the first indication of an attack. He was instructed to be governed by the latter.

About 500 troops were seen to-day on a steamer, which transferred them from Folly to Kiawah Island.

November 8, 1863.-The enemy to-day continued a slow firing upon Fort Sumter from their Morris Island batteries, assisted in a measure by their monitors. Ninety-three rifle shots were fired, of which 70 struck the fort and 23 missed. One hundred and eighty-eight mortar shells were fired, of which 45 missed and 143 struck. Monitors fired 11 shots, of which 5 missed. Casualties, 2 negroes seriously wounded.

Major Manigault reports that 5 shots were fired at two steamers passing through the creek between Black and Long Islands, from Battery Tatom. Three shots were fired at the first and two at the second, all falling very near. Also reports that he put out a new picket-boat in front of the right flank of Battery Haskell, but that it leaked so badly it had to be withdrawn. He reports no casualties.

Battery Simkins fired 3 shells.

Information received from deserter and intercepted dispatches state that General Terry (Yankee) arrived out on the Arago.

Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson reports the fleet at Port Royal as numbering eighty sail. As iron-clad went to sea about sundown.

Major Jenkins reports the fleet in the Stono about as usual. A monitor was observed going to the southwar, towed by a transport.

Captain Hale reports a large propeller steamer, with schooner in tow laden with ammunition, came to off bar, and at 10.30 moved to the southward, still towing schooner. Transport with troops on board from north going south, with signal set. He reports also twenty-eight vessels inside the bar, including Ironside, four monitors, flag-ship, two mortar-boats, &amp;c. Outside-seven vessels, including steam frigate Wabash, light-boat, French corvette, &c.

