
In the morning, a slow fire from the Morris Island batteries was resumed, and in the afternoon one or two monitors joined in the engagement, from which 30 shots were fired, 9 of which missed. Forty rifle projectiles were thrown from the shore batteries, of which 8 did not strike, and 25 of the mortar shells fell without the fort. Fortunately, no casualties whatever occurred to-day.

A detachment of 100 men and 10 officers, under command of Captain [E. A.] Crawford, of the Seventeenth South Carolina Volunteers, relieved a detachment of 100 men and officers from the Sixth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-eighth Georgia Regiments.

In reply to the enemy's batteries, to-day our Sullivan's Island batteries fired to a limited extent. The works on James Island were, however, silent.

The telegraph wire from Sumter having been cut by a shell, communication by that means with the fort is now suspended, and for the time being messages are sent by signal.

Reports from the Stono state that about 200 men were seen going from Cole's to Battery Island, and about 400 men were transported on a steamer from Cole's to Folly Island.

The fleet to-day at Port Royal is composed of one steam cutter, two iron-clads, seven wooden gunboats, and seventy transports.

November 11, 1863.-The enemy's fleet inside the bar this morning have not materially changed, either in number or character of vessels, since yesterday.

Last night a false alarm was created in Fort Sumter by the report of a blue light. The men got upon the ramparts with only a moderate amount of skulking.

The usual firing was renewed against Fort Sumter to-day both from the land batteries and monitors, and one shot carried away the flag staff, which was promptly replaced by Sergeant [G. W.] Mayo Company B, and Private Robert Autry, Company C, Twenty-eighth Georgia Volunteers. Twenty-three shells were fired at Sumter, of which 13 missed; 196 mortar shells, 113 of which missed, and about 4 shots from the monitors.

About 8 p.m. a calcium light was displayed at Gregg for the apparent purpose of illuminating the fort and preventing the location of obstructions at the slopes.

At 9 p.m. rapid musketry firing was observed at Battery Gregg, while voices were heard to cry out "Halt!" It is supposed that two parties of the Yankees met on the beach, and, mistaking each other for enemies, commenced firing. The result of this affair has not been discovered. The firing continued for about ten minutes, during which time several hundred of small-arms were discharged.

The only casualty in Sumter to-day was Sergeant [W. S.] Langford, Company G, First South Carolina Artillery, who was wounded in the head by a fragment of a shell.

The enemy for the first time in many days opened fire this afternoon upon Fort Johnson and the adjacent batteries, and continued their practice for about two hours, but caused no damage to the work or its garrison. This fire was replied to by 16 shells from Simkins.

[The Orleans Guard Artillery ordered to Battery Bee.]

November 12, 1863.-At 11 o'clock last night, Company G, First Regiment South Carolina Artillery (40 men), was relieved by Company D, of the same regiment (45 men). Owing to the refusal of the captain of the steamer to approach the fort, the transfer was made in small boats, and consumed much time.

