
Although several buildings were struck in which were occupants, not a person in the city was injured.

November 18, 1863.-Last night the enemy fired at Sumter 133 rifles shells, of which 11 missed. One hundred and ninety-five mortar shells also fell within the fort, and 75 mortar shells missed.

To-day an occasional shot was fired from Morris Island in the direction of our Sullivan's Island batteries, none of which responded, excepting Battery Marion, whence 9 mortar shells were discharged at the enemy.

Fort Sumter, as usual, was the recipient of most of the shots from the enemy's land batteries to-day, which fired 12 rifle shots and 278 mortar shells at the fort, of which 8 of the former and 186 of the latter struck.

About 1.30 a.m. a small boat was observed approaching the fort. The sentinel hailing it was answered with an oath, whereupon he fired, and the boat immediately withdrew. Shortly after this, musketry firing from several boats was directed against the fort; and again, near daylight, two boats approached to within about 400 yards opposite the southeast angle. Upon being fired at, they retreated toward Morris Island.

Lieutenant J. H. Rochelle, C. S. Navy, reports having heard the firing at different hours of the night, and that some of the picket-boats attempted to discover the cause of it, but failed to find any indications of the enemy's whereabouts.

The following is a summary of engineer work done last night on Sumter: The force, 120 hands, employed on repairs of southwest angle bomb-proof over stair; constructing position for howitzer at west sally-port casemate; filling ordnance store-room southwest angle, and completing loop-holed blindage east and center bomb-proof. Garrison employed in filling passage to southeast magazine.

A flag of truce from enemy was met by the officer commanding Battery Marshall, who, when offered a bundle directed to the commanding general, refused to receive it, in accordance with instructions from these headquarters not to receive anything but written communications addressed to the commanding general.

The superintendent of military telegraph succeeded in laying the cable this morning at 5 o'clock, and the line is now working to Sumter and all points.

November 19, 1863.-From Sumter Major Elliott reports that 285 rifle shots were fired last night, of which 96 missed, and 3 mortar shells, which struck. To-day 44 rifle shots were fired, of which 9 missed, and 362 mortar shells, of which 113 missed. No casualties have occurred since the last report.

The engineer in charge engaged his force during the night refilling large holes in the top of center bomb-proof; also filling ordnance store-room adjoining western magazine, second tier; completed loop-holes in splinter-proof at east end of center bomb-proof, continued filling passages inside south angle, and blew up middle kitchen in east barracks.

Captain [R. M.] Mitchell, with 3 officers and 100 men from Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiments, relieved Captain Rentfro and 3 officers and 100 men from the Sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eighth Georgia.

The telegraph, which had been temporarily [obstructed] between the city and Fort Sumter connected at 12.35 p.m.

The enemy fired an occasional shell during the day at Battery Simkins, but without effect.

