
About 10 o'clock this morning at Battery Rutledge 2 privates of Company I, First South Carolina Infantry (Frank Hill and John Funderburk), were killed, and Private Joseph Evans wounded, by the bursting of a 30-pounder Parrott shell, from which the powder was being extracted.

The enemy's fleet in Port Royal Harbor this morning is one steam frigate, two steam sloops of war, one cutter, two iron-clads, six wooden gunboats, and sixty-two transports; grand total, seventy-four.

The enemy opened fire upon the city from Batteries Gregg and Cumming at 10.35 a.m., firing 11 shells in all. Ceased firing at 12.20 p.m.

* * * * * * *

Colonel [William M.] Shannon writes to-day to General Jordan that the labor call of July 16 furnished 423. The call of October 14 and 16 only produced 741. The Legislature convenes on Monday next. He hopes some measure may be taken to furnish a permanent supply.

On the 16th instant, a letter was received from Major C. D. Melton, inclosing communication from Captain T. R. Sharp, superintendent of the Charlotte and South Carolina Railroad, asking exemption from service on the coast of certain slaves employed by his company and now under orders for service. It was referred to the attention of the Governor, who returns it with an indorsement of this date, regretting his inability to control this matter.

November 20, 1863.-The enemy continued last night their usual bombardment of Sumter. Seventy-two rifle shells struck the fort and 25 missed.

At 2.30 a.m., the moon being down and the weather being favorable for an assault, the commander at Fort Sumter (Major Elliott) aroused and placed the whole garrison under arms.

At 3 o'clock a detachment of the enemy's barges, variously estimated from four to nine, approached within 300 yards of the fort, and opened fire with musketry. Most of the troops in the fort got into position very rapidly, but, in spite of all instructions, commenced a random fire at the distant boats. The troops stationed in the center bomb-proof for the most part refused to ascend the parapet, though encouraged by the examples of Lieutenant Mironell [?] and a few other brave men. Major Elliott also complains of the conduct of 2 lieutenants, against whom he has not sufficient evidence to convict, but he has no further need for their services.

No rockets were sent up from the fort (the signal agreed upon in case of assault), as no positive attack was made. Our shore batteries, however, hearing the musketry opened an enfilading fire on the faces of the fort.

Major Elliott reports the ricochet practice from Sullivan's Island as remarkably fine, while the fire from Fort Johnson was not so satisfactory, the balls passing directly over the fort.

About 2 a.m. two rifle shells were fired from Morris Island into the city. The first struck between Church and East Bay streets, and the second near Circular Church, on Meeting street.

At 10 a.m. 5 more shots were thrown into the city, at intervals of about five minutes.

First shell struck Market and Cumberland.

---------------

*See Bombardment of Charleston, p. 682.

---------------

