
Second shell, corner Clifford and King.

Third shell, rear of Circular Church.

Fourth shell, front of Circular Church.

Fifth shell, near Horlbeck's alley.

These last shots supposed to have been fired into the city for the especial gratification and entertainment of several women, who were observed near the battery whence the shells were thrown.

At 3.40 p.m. the enemy again [opened] upon the city, and fired 10 more shells, ceasing at about 4.30.

Fort Sumter sustained to-day a severe bombardment, principally from mortars, which were fired with unusual accuracy, due, it is thought, to the fact that the enemy are using new guns. Eighteen rifle and 377 mortar shells were fired, of which 10 of the former and 146 of the latter missed. One man killed was the only casualty.

A slow, irregular fire was also maintained by the enemy against Fort Johnson and the Sullivan's Island batteries, both of which replied to a limited extent.

At Battery Bee, 1 private was killed and 1 wounded by the premature explosion of a gun.

November 21, 1863.-Twenty-four of the enemy's vessels are inside the bar this morning, including the Ironsides and four monitors.

Last night 124 rifle shots were fired at Sumter, 41 of which passed over without exploding.

At 9 p.m. Captain [N. A.] Burley, Seventeenth South Carolina Volunteers, and Lieutenant [A. M.] Hutchison, Sixth Georgia, relieved Lieutenants [J. A. F.] Coleman and [J. D.] James, of the same regiments, respectively who were removed at the request of Major Elliott.

At 5 o'clock this morning the broken arch in the gorge wall was struck by a Parrott shell, and fell, killing 2 and wounding 6 negroes; also wounding 2 privates of the Sixth Georgia. Repeated efforts had been made a few hours before to pull the arch down, but to no purpose.

During the day, the fire the enemy's batteries was distributed between the batteries near Fort Johnson, Fort Sumter, and our works in the vicinity of Moultrie. Fort Sumter, however, sustained most of the bombardment. Of the 23 rifle shots fired at that work, 7 missed, and 99 of the 238 mortar shells fell outside.

With a view to ascertain the proper elevation, some of the Sullivan's and the James Island batteries to-day practiced ricochet firing to enfilade the faces of Sumter.

At 10.40 this morning, the enemy again amused themselves by firing shells into the city from Battery Putnam, Cumming's Point, and continued at intervals of about five minutes until 16 shells had fallen within the city. The last shell was fired at about 12 o'clock.

The enemy's fleet at Port Royal to-day is reported as follows: One steam frigate, one steam sloop of war, one cutter, two iron-clads, four gunboats, and sixty-one transports of various classes.

November 22, 1863.-Last night the enemy continued rifle practice, as usual, against Sumter, which was struck fifty-nine times; 45 of the rifle shells passed over.

At about 1 a.m. the enemy again opened upon the city from Morris Island, and fired at intervals of from five to ten minutes until about 3 a.m. During this time 17 shells fell within the city. Several houses were struck, but none materially damaged, and it is not reported that any one was killed or wounded.

