
During the day, the enemy fired heavily from rifled pieces at Battery Simkins, Fort Moultrie, and the adjacent batteries, all of which replied slowly, using mostly mortar shells.

The fire against Sumter to-day was confined almost exclusively to mortars, of which 80 fell inside and 63 missed; 4 rifle shots also struck the fort. No casualties occurred to-day at any of our works, so far as reported.

In the afternoon, Fort Johnson and several other batteries practiced ricochet firing to enfilade the faces of Sumter, in order to secure the proper elevation in case of a night assault on that work. Their practice is said to have been very satisfactory.

It is reported from the Stono that a side-wheel steamer left, going north, with troops.

The fleet at Port Royal to-day is composed of one steam frigate, two sloops of war, one cutter, two iron-clads, six gunboats, and sixty-two transports.

November 23, 1863.-The enemy's fire to-day was directed against Simkins, Sumter, and in the direction of Sullivan's Island. Their mortar practice against the latter island is said (by Major [W. S.] Basinger) to have been unusually good, and was replied to from Battery Marion and Fort Moultrie with a few shots, the effect of which was not ascertained.

Battery Simkins sustained a somewhat heavier fire than usual, which injured to a slight extent one of the traverses, but caused no casualties.

Seven rifle shots and 111 mortar shells struck Fort Sumter to-day, while 81 mortar shells fell outside. No casualties occurred during the day.

November 24, 1863.-The enemy have inside the bar this morning twenty-five vessels, including the Ironside, four monitors, one gunboats, two mortar-boats, &amp;c. Five vessels are also outside.

The fire of the enemy was not so heavy to-day as usual, and was distributed between Sumter, Moultrie, Simkins, and Johnson. Sumter was struck 65 time with mortar shells. Only 2 rifle shells were fired at this work during the day, and they both missed; 33 mortar shells also fell outside. No casualties occurred.

About 9.30 a.m. Fort Moultrie opened on a working party at Gregg, and fired 14 shots. The Yankees replied from both their rifled Parrotts and mortars, and continued until 5 p.m., during which time 67 shots were fired at Moultrie and 10 at other posts on the island. The fort sustained no damage whatever. Three privates* of the First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry [Third Artillery] were, however, wounded.

Battery Simkins returned the fire of the enemy with 30 10-inch mortar shells and 7 8-inch columbiad shells, the effect of which was not perceived.

General Hagood reports that since yesterday the enemy have been repairing the wharf at Legareville, and are now at work with a pile-driver at Battery Island, apparently building a similar structure there.

November 25, 1863.-Major Elliott reports that 166 rifle and 17 mortar shells were fired at Fort Sumter last night, of which 115 of the former and only 6 of the latter struck the fort. The casualties during the night were Captain [R. M.] Mitchell, Company F, Twenty-third Georgia Volunteers, slightly wounded, 1 negro killed, and another severely wounded.

---------------

*And one negro, according to Captain Jacob Valentine's report.

---------------

