
4 were fired in reply from this work. Battery Marion, however, responded with 44 mortar shells, directed against a large working party near Cumming's Point, and apparently succeeded in retarding their operations.

Battery Cumming and Battery Wagner fired during the day at Battery Simkins 31 mortar, 39 columbiad, and 29 rifle shells. This was replied to with 33 mortar, shells, directed against Cumming's Point, and 17 8-inch columbiad shells, against Battery Wagner.

General Ripley telegraphs in reply to order concerning the movement from this department of Clingman's brigade:

Telegram received and extended [executed?]. What troops relieve them? An equal force is absolutely necessary.

As the enemy's movements appear to indicate operations in the Second and Third Military Districts, the commanding general was only enabled to send General Ripley the remaining regiments of Evans' South Carolina brigade.

The enemy still occupy Legareville, and two gunboats remain in the river. No change is reported in position of enemy in that vicinity since yesterday.

Owing to the dense for, no report can be obtained from the fleet at Port Royal, though from noise of hammers, firing of muskets, beating of drums, &amp;c., they are evidently making preparations of some kind.

Major Manigault reports that 3 of the men in the night picket-boat at Haskell deserter to the enemy last night on Black Island. The fourth man says he was forced to accompany them until they arrived within 100 yards of land, when the 3 got out, and he returned with the boat and arms.

November 29, 1863.-Last night the enemy fired at Fort Sumter 126 rifle shells, of which 59 missed; also 1 mortar shell, which fell inside.

This morning of weather is so hazy it is impossible to get a report of the enemy's vessels off the harbor.

To-day the enemy remained remarkably quiet, firing only 8 rifle shots at Fort Sumter, and of these only 4 struck. Not a gun was fired from any of our batteries.

Clingman's brigade arrived in the city from Mount Pleasant, en route for North Carolina, in pursuance of orders from the War Department. Instructions had been given to arrange transportation, so that baggage, &c., could accompany the regiments, in order that the troops might be in condition to take the field immediately on arrival at their destination. Owing to some misunderstanding, however, their heavy baggage was not ready in time, and was, consequently, left behind to follow on next train.

In consequence of the fog and rain, but few of the fleet at Port Royal can be seen this morning. One gunboat went up Skull Creek without troops.

Yesterday about noon four gunboats with several barges appeared opposite Buckingham's Ferry, and, after shelling the pickets from that post, landed about 200 men from the barges and advanced about one-fourth of a mile from the landing. Coming in sight, hoverer, of a few of our troops, the enemy retired, and embarked without firing a shot.

November 30, 1863.-The fleet inside the bar in composed of four monitors, the Ironside, one gunboat, two mortar-boats, and twenty

