
transports, sloops of war, steamers, &amp;c. Six vessels are outside the bar.

At 11 a.m. a propeller transport and a schooner, both loaded, arrived from the northward, and at 12 m. a large steamship passed, going south, apparently loaded with troops.

Last night Fort Sumter was bombarded as usual. The number of shots, however, is not reported. The only casualty was 1 negro killed by a Parrott shell.

The engineers in that work are uncovering and reconstructing the bomb-proof over the southwest stairway; extending mining galleries toward east magazine from center bomb-proof, and from northwest casemate to the three-gun battery. Owing to unfavorable weather, it has been impossible from the last two nights to supply the fort with sand-bags.

From the Morris Island batteries, were fired to-day at Sumter 1 rifle shell, which struck; 20 mortar shells, 11 of which missed; at Moultrie, 8 shells, 3 of which struck, but did not damage; at the Brooke Gun Battery, 4 300-pounder Parrott and 4 mortar shells. This battery responded to the enemy's fire with a few mortar shells.

At 7.45 p.m. Battery Gregg fired 2 shells at Castle Pinckney. Both, however, fell short.

It is reported from the Stono that a tug and two transports came up to Legareville. One of the latter was loaded with troops, and at dark was still lying in front of the village.

December 1, 1863.-The firing of the enemy upon Sumter has nearly ceased. Only 8 mortar shells were thrown at that work to-day, and of these, 4 fell outside.

At 12 midnight the enemy opened fire from Batteries Wagner and Cumming upon the city, and fired 10 shells at intervals of about five minutes. Only 5 of these shells exploded.

At 4.15 m. the city was again shelled from Battery Cumming, the enemy using two Parrott guns. After firing 17 shells, they ceased, as was the case last night. Only about one-half the shells exploded.

The enemy from Morris Island shelled Fort Moultrie, the adjacent batteries, and also Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins, from all of which posts a limited fire was returned. Fort Moultrie was struck ten times, but sustained not the slightest injury. No casualties are reported to-day at any of our works.

The Yankees appeared to be exceedingly jubilant to-day both in their fleet and on shore, and evinced their joy by firing salutes, displaying flags, &c. Possibly a rumor of our recent reverse at Lookout Mountain may have reached them.

December 2, 1863.-Not a shot was fired from any of the enemy's batteries during the night.

Twenty-nine vessels are reported inside the bar, including the Ironsides, four monitors, &c. The usual number (six) are outside.

The enemy's batteries at Cumming's Point fired slowly during the day at Forts Sumter, Johnson, and the adjacent batteries; also an occasional shot at Sullivan's Island. Our works responded slowly until a short time after dark, when the fire increased in rapidity. Fifteen shots were fired from Battery Rutledge, 29 from the Brooks gun battery, a few shots from Battery Marion, 35 from Simkins, 10 from Fort Johnson, and 18 shots from Battery Cheves.

One private wounded in Sumter was the only casualty reported during the day.

Against this latter work were fired 72 rifle shots, of which 26

