
missed; 73 mortar shells, 38 of which missed, and 68 columbiad shots, of which 14 missed.

Two gunboats and the pile-driver are still opposite Legareville, which the enemy quietly hold.

General Walker reports that a flag of truce from the enemy was received at Port Royal Ferry on the 26th instant.

December 3, 1863.-There was no firing upon Fort Sumter last night. The enemy, however, opened fire with three guns from Battery Cumming upon the city at 3 a.m., and fired 25 shots in one hour, ceasing at about 4 o'clock. Only 9 of the shells exploded. The last one was thrown from Battery Wagner.

During the day a slow fire was kept up from the Morris Island batteries upon Forts Sumter and Johnson and Battery Simkins, which latter battery replied with only 1 8-inch columbiad shell. Not a shot was fired either at or from the Sullivan's Island works, and no casualties are reported at any of our batteries.

Eleven rifle and 27 columbiad shots were fired at Fort Sumter to-day. Of the former, 2, and of the [latter], 1 missed. The southwest angle of the fort appeared to be the point aimed at, but the damage done was inconsiderable. The only noticeable effect, of the enemy's fire on this work recently has been to render the exterior slope of the gorge and sea walls exceedingly steep and the footing very insecure, so that in the event of an assault nothing like a rush can be made up these slopes so long as they retain their present inclination.

December 4, 1863.-The enemy were again silent last night. This morning they appear hard at work on the extreme northeast point of Morris Island, close to the water's edge, and are supposed to be constructing a new battery. They also appear to be arranging positions at Battery Wagner for guns bearing upon the city.

The enemy's fire to-day was somewhat heavier than yesterday, and was directed against Fort Sumter and Batteries Simkins, Rutledge, Brooke Gun Battery, Marion, and Fort Moultrie, all of which excepting Sumter, replied slowly. No casualties are reported at any of our works. Sumter was struck to-day with 56 rifle and 8 mortar shells; 21 rifle and 9 mortar shells passed over.

Captain J. J. Magee reports having made a reconnaissance of Morgan's Island, passing through Coosa River from Chisolm's Island to Saint Helena Sound. He landed on Morgan's Island after daylight of the 23rd ultimo, and remained until the 24th. Only negroes on this island. Next visited Pine Island, where he found a line blazed out-probably for extension of telegraph. On other island is a very high observatory-for signals, probably-and Captain Magee thinks that message may be intercepted from Thicket Island, distant about 1,000 yards.

The fleet to-day ar Port Royal is composed of two steam frigates, two steam sloops of war, one steam cutter, two iron-clads, five wooden gunboats, and eighty-six transports.

December 5, 1863.-The enemy have recommenced night firing on Sumter. Last night 49 rifle and 6 columbiad shells were fired at that work. Of these 27 rifle and 2 columbiad shells missed.

Captain [M. H.] Sellers, with 3 officers and 89 men, relieved Captain [J. W.] Hopkins, 6 officers and 107 men, of the Twenty-seventh South Carolina Volunteers.

The fire to-day from the Morris Island batteries was chiefly directed against Fort Moultrie, and the adjacent works. One hundred and five shots were fired, but caused no damage; and only one casualty (1 private wounded) in Moultrie.

