
one of the two guns used by the enemy burst at the eight discharge.

Cumming's Point again opened fire at 7.30 p.m., and 3 shells fell into the city, only 1 of which exploded. They ceased firing at 8.30.

[Captain T. A. Holtzclaw relieved Major Campbell in command of artillery section Numbers 2, James Island.]

Went southward to-day from inside the bar, one gunboat; from the northward, a river steamboat and a bark, both heavily laden. Two laden schooners from the northward came inside. At 4 p.m. atmosphere became too hazy to admit of further observation of the enemy's fleet.

From the Stono, Major Jenkins reports the enemy are still destroying the houses in Legareville and carrying off the lumber.

A steamer came up the river to-day. Two gunboats (the Pawnee and the Marblehead), one steamer, and a pile-driver are up the Stono and in front of Legareville.

Brigadier-General Hagood telegraphed to-day that there will not be meat enough for issue to his command to-morrow without calling on his reserve supply in Saint Andrew's. This supply is but a few days' rations, and was ordered by the commanding general for a different contingency. He has ordered it used for this occasion. His dispatch was at once referred to the immediate and particular attention of Major Guerin, who returned it with an indorsement that some time ago he had informed the commanding general that there is a scarcity of meat, and that interruptions were to be expected. The present failure would not have occurred so soon if transportation on the railroads was more prompt.

December 11, 1863.-At 1 a.m. the enemy opened fire upon the city from Cumming's Point. Batteries Simkins and Cheves, however, returned the fire, and forced the enemy to cease after they had fired only 3 shots, 1 of which fell short. The other 2, though falling within the city, failed to explode.

At 6 a.m. fire was recommenced on the city, and after throwing 4 shells the enemy were again compelled to cease by a few well-directed shots from Simkins and Cheves.

At 9.30 a. m. large volumes of smoke and flame were observed issuing from the city and south face of Sumter. Soon afterward General Ripley reported this fact, and appeared to believe that the cotton in the gorge wall had become ignited from the enemy's shells. About this time, the enemy observing the fire, opened upon Sumter with rifle and mortar shells, to prevent assistance reaching the fort. Commander Tucker, however, sent a boat's crew, under a heavy fire, with buckets. On their return, it was discovered that the fire originated from the explosion of the small-arms magazine from some unexplained cause. Telegraphic communication having been cut off by the explosion, which destroyed the instrument, it was not until late in the afternoon that the extent of the damages and the casualties were known. It now appears that the defensive strength of the fort has not been at all impaired. The casualties are reported to be 40 killed and wounded, among whom are Captain [E. D.] Frost, acting commissary of subsistence, killed and Colonel Elliott slightly wounded. Only three of the bodies of those killed have thus far been recovered.*

---------------

*See Elliott report of December 12, 1863, under Bombardment of Fort Sumter, p. 622.

---------------

12 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

