
however, was not bad enough to prevent the passage of the guard-boat and the telegraph-boat. During the middle and the latter portion of the night, the wind subsided, and a landing could have then been easily effected; but, as the boat appears to have been under the immediate control of an irresponsible person, the state of the weather was not taken advantage of. In view of these facts, the chief quartermaster was directed to give his special and immediate attention to this important matter.

The action of the waves upon the slopes of the walls of Sumter has made them inaccessible for the present form the outside, but at the loss of much valuable material.

At 4 p.m. to-day the fire at Sumter was reported to have been extinguished, excepting in the ruins of the magazine, and no danger of its further spread is apprehended. The northwest casemates are gradually cooling off.

Six officers and 100 men from the Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-third Georgia Regiments relieved Captain [J. M.] Bateman, 6 officers, and 100 men from the Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eighth Georgia Regiments at a late hour to-night. About the same time, the steamer with ordnance and commissary stores for Sumter effected a landing at the wharf of that work.

During the morning, the enemy were silent, as were also our batteries. At about 2.20 p.m., however, Battery Cumming opened upon the city, but, after firing 4 shots, was compelled to desist by a concentrated fire from Simkins, Cheves, Rutledge, and Marion. As ambulances could be distinctly seen going to and from Battery Gregg, it is thought our fire was not altogether without effect.

December 14, 1863.-The enemy inside the bar this morning thirty-two vessels, including the Ironsides, three monitors, flag-ship, one sloop of war, one gunboat, two mortar-boats, &amp;c. Five vessels are outside the harbor as blockaders.

This has been a day of unusual quiet, not a gun having been fired from either our batteries or those of the enemy.

At Fort Sumter details from the garrison were made and assigned to the engineer in charge, for the purpose of assisting in the removal of rubbish. The work of repair is reported to be progressing favorably.

It is reported from the Stono that the Federal steamer Marblehead came up that river in the morning, but returned during the day.

The Pawnee and the pile-driver retain their positions in front of Legareville. The latter has not been at work during the past twenty-four hours. Only a few men are to be seen walking about the village.

Owing to some defect in the submarine cable across the Cooper River, communication with Sullivan's Island was interrupted to-day. It is thought, however, that the defect will be remedied to-morrow.

December 15, 1863.-There is no material change in the fleet of the harbor this morning. About 1.30 p.m., however, Monitor Numbers 4 arrived from the southward, and there are now four vessels of that class among the fleet.

Not a shot was fired during the night, and the enemy remained quiet until about 11 a.m., when they opened upon the city with two guns from Battery Cumming and one gun from Battery Gregg, and, after firing 14 shells, ceased at 11.26. Six of the shells thrown in

