
the direction of the city fell short, and, of those that fell within the limits, of the city, 2 failed to explode. After the enemy had thrown 6 shots, Batteries Simkins, Cheves, Rutledge, Marion, and the Brooke gun battery opened a severe fire on both of the enemy's works, and it is thought that a shell from Battery Simkins, which struck an embrasure in Gregg, dismounted the gun.

The following is a summary of shot and shell thrown by our batteries during the day: Marion, 25 mortar shells; Simkins, 21 mortar and 12 rifle and columbiad shells; Cheves, 18 columbiad shells; Rutledge, 27 mortar shells, and Brooke gun battery, 103 mortar shells.

The enemy seem to be at work upon Battery Gregg, raising a traverse on the east side, to protect the guns bearing upon Sumter James Island, and the city from the fire of our Sullivan's Island batteries. A line of works from Gregg eastward to Cumming is also being extended. The new work between Gregg and Cumming, in which was recently mounted a Parrott gun bearing on the city, is now being demolished, and the sand carted to Gregg.

The steamers Pawnee and Marblehead are still reported to be in the Stono, lying below the line of piles.

The enemy's fleet at Port Royal is composed of two steam frigates, two sloops of war, one steam cutter, two iron-clads, seven wooden gunboats, and ninety-eighth transports.

December 16, 1863.-Nothing unusual occurred to-day. The enemy remained silent until 10 a.m. when they opened on the city, and fired but one shell, which brought on a general engagement between Batteries Simkins, Cheves, Rutledge, Marion, and the Brooke gun battery. As the enemy desisted for the time from firing in the direction of the city, our batteries soon closed.

Captain [J. D.] Franklin, with 6 officers and 100 men from the Fifth [Sixth], Twenty-third, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eighth Georgia Regiments, relieved Captain [R. A.] Harley, with the same number of officers and men from the Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiments, who were on duty in Fort Sumter, and who had lost most of their blankets, clothing, and accounterments in the recent fire.

Affairs at that post continue quiet, and the repair of the damages is being carried on without interruption from the enemy.

At 11 p.m. Battery Cumming again opened on the city, but after firing only 4 shells, none of which exploded, Batteries Marion, Cheves, and Simkins replied with such vigor that the enemy were forced to cease.

The following is a summary of the shots fired by our batteries to-day: Brooke gun battery, 10 mortar shells; Marion, 10 mortar shells; Rutledge, 16 shells; Simkins, 14 mortar and 2 rifle and columbiad shells; Cheves; 5 8-inch columbiad shells.

It is reported form the Stono that a steamer came up that river to-day, and landed about 100 men at Legareville. On her return, she took on the same number. The pile-driver, Marblehead, and Pawnee still retain their usual positions near Legareville.

The fleet at Port Royal is reported to be composed as follows: Two steam frigates, two steam sloops of war, one steam cutter, two iron-clads, seven wooden gunboats, and ninety-six transports.

December 17, 1863.-Captain R. Chisolm, with 6 officers and 100 men of the Twenty-seventh South Carolina Volunteers, last night relieved Captain Sellers, 6 officers, and 83 men of the Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, on duty in Fort Sumter.

