
struck the city); that the alarm was not given for twenty minutes, and the first engine did not arrive on the ground until an hour after the alarm. In the meantime the flames had spread to other buildings, and before they were extinguished several houses were destroyed. Captain Hale is of the opinion that, had the police and firemen been prompt in the discharge of their respective duties, no such misfortune would have occurred. Captain Hales also reports that he distinctly saw from his elevated position a man with a torch, who set fire to a building known as Turner's Hall. This matter was placed in the hands of the police for investigation.

The regiment of reserves and several companies of the First South Carolina Artillery, under Colonel Alfred Rhett, rendered efficient service as firemen, and it is owing, probably, to their efforts that this conflagration was finally checked.

The following is the number of shots fired by our batteries: Rutledge, 58 shells; Brooke gun battery, 39; Moultrie, 49; Marion, 48; Simkins, 111, and Cheves, 40 shells.

As previously arranged, our batteries on the Stono having been completed and everything in readiness fire was opened on the Federal steam gunboat Marblehead at daylight this morning, lying about 300 yards from the wharf at Legareville Landing. The enemy's force on land was about 200-not in the village, but on a little island with a narrow defile leading to it. Colonel [P. R.] Page determined to attack with a field battery and the infantry; but to do so waited for our siege guns to drive the gunboats from the wharf. She did not open fire for twenty minutes after our fire commenced. Our fire was kept up for about an hour at 1,000 yards distance without making the least impression, or, as Colonel Page thinks, even hitting her at all.

In the meantime the Pawnee and a mortar-boat ran up the Kiawah, and opened fire on the flank and rear of our lower batteries, killing 1 private, severely wounding 5 others (2 supposed mortally), and killing 8 horses. Colonel Page instantly withdrew, and fell back; the infantry to Roper's and the artillery to Walpole's. General Wise having arrived at the latter place, and learning from Colonel Page that the body of 1 private and two heavy howitzers had been left on the ground, in consequence of the loss of the horses and wheels, ordered him to regain them, if possible, to-night.*

List of casualties by the enemy's fire on the city to-day:

1. Mr. Knighton, eighty-three years of age, right leg shot off be low the knee by a shell at the southeast corner of Meeting and Market streets.

2. Miss Plane, wounded on foot by shell at same place.

3. Jerry Murray, a member of the Charleston Fire Engine Company, wounded in legt by a brisk.

4. Sergt. H. P. McClemons, Company H, First Regiment State Troops, contusion of left arm by fragment of stone.

5. Private Thomas Brown, Company H, First Regiment State Troops, painfully in right hip and neck by a fragment of stone.

6. Private Elijah Ballinger, arm and thigh, flesh wound.

7. Private Walker Madders, contusion in thigh. Both of Company H, First Regiment State Troops.

Last night the enemy's gunboats Sonoma and a small schooner am up Tampa Bay, Florida, and anchored in front of Fort Brooke. This morning the gunboats fired upon the town and garrison for two

---------------

*See Attack on U. S. steamer Marblehead, etc. p. 747.

---------------

