
From this time until 3.30 p.m. everything was quiet, when Battery Gregg threw a few shots in the direction of the bridge connecting Mount Pleasant with Sullivan's Island. Some of the shells fell near Battery Bee, but inflicted no damage.

About sunset the enemy fired 2 shots over Fort Sumter, and, at the report of the evening gun from the latter work, the Federal flag on Morris Island was dipped in respect. This unusual and unexpected piece of courtesy on the part of the Yankees is deemed worthy of record.

It is reported from the Stono that after dark last evening seven camp-fires were observed on John's Island, but no sentinel could be seen, as usual, on the bridge. The Stono is said to be clear.

Owing to the state of the atmosphere, it was impossible to obtain a report of the Federal fleet at Hilton Head. Their tugs, however, appeared to be busy plying between Hilton Head, Skull Creek, Bay Point, and Beaufort.

A communication from these headquarters addressed to the chief ordnance officer of the department, with a view to hasten the repair of the bands of the 10-inch rifle, was returned to-day with the indorsement by Major [N. R.] Chambliss, commanding the arsenal, that every effort had been made to procure band iron, and that some was expected to-day, when the work would be commenced and soon finished.

The superintendent of harbor defense telegraph reports that during the current month 1,557 messages, embracing 47,977 words, have been transmitted by that line.

The following are the number of shots fired by our batteries which were in action to-day: Brooke gun battery, 3; Marion,5 ; Cheves, 2; battery near headquarters (Fort Johnson), 3.

No casualties were reported at any of our works.

JUNE 17, 1863.-Capture of the Confederate States Steamer Atlanta (Fingal), in Warsaw Sound, Ga.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major Charles G. Halpine, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General H. W. Mercer, C. S. Army, commanding Military District of Georgia.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Charles G. Halpine, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

January 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith certified copies of a letter from Rear-Admiral S. F. DuPont, relative to the capture of the rebel iron-clad Atlanta, in Warsaw Sound, just as she was sallying out upon the high seas; also copy of a letter from me to the Honorable Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy, transmitting Admiral DuPont's letter, and asking that it be inserted in the records of

---------------

*For reports of Rear-Admiral S. F. DuPont and Captain John Rodgers, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

