
efficient zeal in conducting the duties and business of your important position in the Department of the South, whenever the military and naval services were blended or had official relation and intercourse.

Taking the greatest pleasure in making this statement, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. DUPONT,

Rear-Admiral, U. S. Navy

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, January 14, 1864.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor of transmitting herewith certified copy of a letter received a few days since from Rear-Admiral S. F. DuPont, relative to certain information furnished by me, while assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, Tenth Army Corps and Department of the South, to Commander C. R. P. Rodgers, fleet captain South Atlantic blockading squadron, which led to and resulted in the capture of the rebel iron-clad Atlanta in Warsaw Sound. As the facts set forth in the letter of Admiral DuPont form part of my military record, I have most respectfully to request, if consistent with the rules of your Department, that you will cause the records of the Department to be amended by the insertion of this letter in its proper place.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, January 18, 1864.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the East, N. Y. City:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 14th instant, transmitting a certified copy of a letter addressed to you by Rear-Admiral DuPont, acknowledging your promptness in communicating to him the information that led him to believe the rebel iron-clad Atlanta was preparing for a raid, and on account of which timely preparation was made to meet her, and her capture secured. Agreeably to your request, the records of the Department will be amended by placing your letter and inclosure with the reports relating to the capture of the Atlanta.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General H. W. Mercer, C. S. Army, commanding Military District of Georgia.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Savannah, June 17, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to the commanding general that the Confederate States steamer Atlanta (Fingal) surrendered to

