
the Abolitionists at 7 a.m. this day. The Atlanta proceeded to Warsaw Sound to attack two monitors which arrived there several days since. Captain [J. S.] Kennard, C. S. Navy, who witnessed the meeting at a distance of 2 1/2 miles, reports that the Atlanta fired only four shots. She appeared to be aground at the time, and the enemy at once took possession. It is surmised that the crew mutinied and overpowered the officers.

Colonel [D. L.] Clinch, commanding Fourth Georgia Cavalry, reports that the Abolitionists are landing a large force on Saint Simon's Island. He thinks that cavalry or artillery constitute a part of the force, and that a very serious incursion is intended.

I shall use every effort to repel the invaders, but, as the general is aware, my force is much reduced and my means small.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

JUNE 18, 1863.-Skirmish on Edisto Island, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas G. Stevenson, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE EDISTO,June 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday afternoon the enemy attacked our pickets with one piece of artillery and about 300 cavalry. I immediately advanced the picket reserve, consisting of the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, and one section of Battery B, Third New York Artillery, which soon caused the enemy to leave the island. Private Joseph Williamson, of the artillery, was badly wounded in the knee, and 3 horses were killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. G. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South.

JUNE 21, 1863.-Affair on Dixon's Island, S. C.

Report of Colonel Charles H. Simonton, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

SECESSIONVILLE, June 21, 1863.

SIR: Twelve of the Abolition pickets came upon Dixon's Island, within 500 yards of our cavalry pickets, this evening at 6 o'clock. Our men fired at them, when they retired without replying, and have not been seen since.

Small steamers have been plying between Folly and Cole's Islands during the day. Our scouts report seeing one company land on Cole's Island. Our infantry pickets have been strengthened and advanced.

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain B. H. READ, Assistant Adjutant-General.

