
Numbers 48.-Lieutenant R. C. Gilchrist, Lucas' Artillery Battalion.

Numbers 49.-Captain W. L. De Pass, Palmetto Artillery Battalion.

Numbers 50.-Colonel Charles H. Olmstead, First Volunteer Georgia Infantry, commanding at Fort Johnson, James Island.

Numbers 51.-Major Edward Manigault, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery at Legare's Point, James Island.

Numbers 52.-Captain John C. Mitchel, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding Battery at Shell Point, James Island.

Numbers 53.-Major John V. Glover, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry, commanding Battery Haskell, James Island.

Numbers 54.-Captain Samuel Le Roy Hammond, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 55.-Corpl. D. L. Crawley, Company A, Twenty-second Battalion Georgia Artillery.

Numbers 56.-Colonel Alfred Rhett, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Sumter.

Numbers 57.-Confederate Roll of Honor.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., July 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report no material change in the condition of affairs here since my brief dispatch* announcing the capture of two-thirds of this island on the 10th instant and the assault of Fort Wagner on the morning of the 11th.

My project for inaugurating offensive operations here comprised:

First. A real attack of Morris Island, to be made by a force landing from small boats, preceded by unmasking and opening our batteries from Folly Island, should it be deemed best to do so.

Second. A strong demonstration up the Stono against James Island, to occupy the attention of the enemy there.

Third. The cutting of the Savannah Railroad by ascending the South Edisto and burning the bridge.

The first and second of these operations were successful. the third was not. It resulted in the loss of two field guns and a small steamer of little value, formerly captured from the enemy. The steamer was burned, with the guns on board. The force operating on James Island, about 3,500 men, was under the command of Brigadier-General Terry, and was aided by three gunboats. On the 16th instant, General Terry was attacked by the enemy in force, comprising infantry, and cavalry. General Terry's report of the action is herewith inclosed.+ He estimates the enemy's strength on James Island at 5,000 to 6,000. I evacuated James Island on the 17th, as I required more me here, and did not consider General Terry's position longer tenable.

On the 18th, an attack on Fort Wagner was made by the land and naval forces, commencing about noon in a combined cannonade and bombardment, and terminating in an assault of the army about sunset. We gained and held for more than one hour the southeast salient or half bastion of the work, but finding it isolated from and

---------------

*Of July 12. See p. 12.

+See p. 755.

---------------

