
commanded by the main body of the work, we were obliged to abandon it.

During the bombardment, the enemy served but two guns, and scarcely a man showed himself. Desertes say the work contains bomb-proof shelter for from 1,200 to 1,800 men. It is a strong work.

Three of its guns were dismounted during the action. My losses in the three actions of the 10th, 11th, and 18th are not yet accurately reported, but have been very heavy. My sick list, on account of the enervating climate and heavy fatigue duty, is also enormous.

The enemy admit a loss of 300, including 16 commissioned officers, ont he 19th, and their losses since then will swell the aggregate several hundred men.

I renew the application for re-enforcements made in my first communication of this date, herewith inclosed.*

General Saxton, commanding at Beaufort, reports the enemy very active in his front yesterday. A large force from James Island would be available for an attack on Hilton Head, where all my stores are. I feel quite weak there, and must re-enforce the place from here, even at the expense of operations in this quarter.

I notice in the Washington papers of the 11th a communication, bearing the stamp of genuineness, prescribing the manner of obtaining drafted men for the old regiments. The exigencies of the case induce me to act upon this information in advance of the official order. I have, therefore, detailed men to proceed to the rendezvous designated, obtain recruits, and return to their regiments at the earliest possible moment.

I trust I have not acted too hastily. I would like some instructions given to the commanders of the several rendezvous to give the preference to my requisitions, unless there are strong reasons to the contrary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army.

P. S.-A report from my chief medical [officer] gives 625 killed and wounded that have fallen into our hands up to this date. The enemy probably have 300 more.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, Morris Island, July 25, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report matters progressing satisfactorily here. The difficulties in the way of transportation have been serious, but are being overcome. Light-House Inlet is of little practical use for that purpose, there being only 4 feet of water on the bar at low tide, with a tortuous and ever-changing channel. My primary supply depot is on the west side of Folly Island. The transports reach it by way of Stono Inlet. After the assault on Fort Wagner of the 18th, on which day my rifle-pits and sharpshooters were at a distance of 600 yards from the work, and my entrenchments, armed with rifled guns, howitzers, and mortars, about twice that distance, I commenced making arrangements to establish a second parallel, strongly offensive as well as defensive, in the position of the advanced rifle-pits.

---------------

*See Part II, p. 23.

---------------

