
This was successfully accomplished on the night of the 23rd, and the covered commutation between it and the first parallel was completed last night. The offensive element of this parallel will consist of a battery of four 200-pounders, against Fort Sumter, at 3,350 yards distance.

Another battery against Sumter, containing two heavy Whitworth guns and two 200-pounders (furnished by the navy), will be established at 3,800 your ad distance, while there will be still another of heavy Parrotts at 4,250 yards distance.

Between the second parallel and Fort Wagner there is very little earth for covered approaches, but I shall push forward gradually, making liberal use of sand-bags.

The enemy are constructing heavy batteries of long-range guns on my left, and are strengthening their batteries on Cumming's Point and Fort Wagner.

On the shell beach, stretching in a southeasterly direction from Fort Johnson, three batteries, containing rifles and mortars, are already completed and in active operation.

On James Island, directly abreast of the middle of Morris Island, a long line of batteries is also just completed. These are mostly defensive, but contain a few long-range guns.

I can and do reach all these batteries, and annoy them constantly.

They succeed, however, in annoying my camps and trenches, and inflict an average los of 3 or 4 men daily.

By next mail I hope to be able to report the result of my first batteries against Sumter, on which will depend in a measure the character of subsequent operations.

Two of my regiments-the One hundred and seventy-fourth and One hundred and seventy-sixth Pennsylvania (nine-moths' militia)-are to go north immediately, their time having expired. I shall feel the loss of them very much.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., July 31, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report matters quietly but satisfactorily progressing here.

There has been no fighting since the 18th, excepting engagements between the sharpshooters on both sides, and daily but desultory bombardments in which Forts Sumter and Wagner, the Cumming's Point battery, and three batteries on the beach southeast from Fort Johnson take part on one side and the gunboats and our land batteries on the other.

I lose 2 or 3 men daily, mostly wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

