
ADDENDA.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Morris Island, S. C., July 13, 1863.

The brigadier-general commanding presents his congratulations and thanks to the army which he has the honor to command, for the brilliant victory of the 10th instant, which places them 3 miles nearer the rebel stronghold-Sumter-the first among all our country's defenses against foreign foes that left the polluting tread of traitors. Our labors, however, are not over; they are just begun, and while the spires of the rebel city still loom up in the dim distance, hardships and privations must be endured before our hopes and expectations can find their full fruition in victory.

Let us emulate the heroic deed of our brothers in arms at Gettysburg and Vicksburg, and add to that roll of fame which will be transmitted to a grateful posterity.

Special thanks are due to Brigadier General I. Vodges and his command for the untiring energy and patient endurance displayed by them in erecting the batteries on Folly Island under almost every conceivable disadvantage, and to Brigadier General George C. Strong and his command for the heroic gallantry with which they carried the enemy's batteries on Morris Island, this being the first instance during the war in which powerful batteries have been successfully assaulted by a column disembarked under a heavy artillery fire.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Instructions for the third assault on Battery Wagner.

[SEPTEMBER 6, 1863.]

In obedience to instructions from the general commanding the department,* an assault will be made upon Battery Wagner to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock precisely.

Fire from the navy, the breaching batteries, and mortars will be kept up on the work till the latest moment; it will cease as far as necessary on the signal hereinafter named. The assaulting columns will instantly move forward when the hour named arrives.

The Third Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers and the Ninety-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers will occupy the trenches in the extreme advance, and when the signal is given will leap over the parapet, and rush upon the sea face of the work. One hundred men, under a competent officer, will be detailed from the leading regiments to attack the flank of the sea face, spike the guns upon it, and, mounting the parapet, prevent the enemy from passing in or out of the sally-ports behind the flank.

Those who attack the sea face will spike the guns and then mount the bomb-proof by the traverse, and fire down into the interior of the work. They must also seize the opening from the bomb-proof to the sea face.

Brigadier-General Stevenson's brigade, re-enforced by the Fourth New Hampshire and Ninth Maine Volunteer Regiment, will occupy the trenches immediately in rear of the advanced party. When the

---------------

*See p. 27.

---------------

