
MAINE.

Lieutenant Amaziah N. Goodwin, 9th Infantry.

NEW HAMPSHIRE.

Captain Henry B. Leavitt, 7th Infantry.

Captain Jerome B. House, 7th Infantry.

Lieutenant John H. Worcester, 7th Infantry.

Lieutenant Ezra Davis, 7th Infantry.

NEW YORK.

Captain James O. Paxson, 48th Infantry.

Captain Frederick Hurst, 48th Infantry.

Lieutenant Charles E. Fox, 48th Infantry.

Lieutenant Cyrus Brown, 100th Infantry.

OHIO.

Major William Edwards, 62nd Infantry.

Lieutenant Andrew J. Fourts, 62nd Infatry.

Lieutenant Daniel C. Liggett, 62nd Infantry.

UNITED STATES VOLUNTEERS.

Brigadier General George C. Strong.

Siege of Battery Wagner, July 18-September 7.

Lieutenant Henry Holbrook, 3rd Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, August 19.

Numbers 13. Reports of Brigadier General John W. Turner, U. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, including bombardment of Fort Sumter.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,Morris Island, S. C., September 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following general report of the artillery operations on Morris Island from the 26th day of July 1863, when, in obedience to your orders, I assumed the direction of them, to the 7th day of September, when our flag was successfully planted on the enemy's works at Fort Wagner and Battery Gregg:

After the failure of the assault upon Fort Wagner on the 18th of July, it was determined by the commanding general to proceed to the erection of breaching batteries against Fort Sumter upon ground then within our possession, and as the work required upon them would nearly, if not quite, consume the entire labor of the command, the approaches to Wagner were not to be pushed till the completion of the batteries should render the labor of the troops available for this purpose.

The selection of the ground for the location of the batteries being determined upon, work was commenced upon them on the night of the 24th of July, and from this date steadily progressed day and night, with the labor of mounting guns, supplying magazines with implements and ammunition, till all were completed.

The batteries, commencing on the right, ran around to the left, as follows:

BATTERY BROWN.

On right of second parallel, near the beach; distance from Fort Sumter, 3,560 yards; from Battery Gregg, 2,170 yards; from fort Wagner, 830 yards.

