
Battery Rosecrans, one gun throwing shell and the other two shot.

Battery Meade, both pieces throwing shell.

Naval Battery, the Parrotts throwing shell and the Whitworths shot.

Fire wa opened in the first instance from the Whitworths with shell, but the frequent instances of premature explosion which occurred made it necessary to abandon the use of shell entirely.

Battery Hays, one 8-inch, throwing shot.

Battery Kirby, throwing mortar shell.

On the morning of the 18th, there was added to this fire from----

Battery Reno, one 8-inch, throwing shell; one 100-pounder throwing shell and 100-pounder throwing shot.

On the 19th---

Battery Stevens, one 100-pounder, throwing shell.

On the 20th, all our guns were in operation, adding to the fire of the 19th.

Battery Brown, one 8-inch, throwing shot.

Battery Stevens, one 100-pounder, throwing shot.

Battery Strong, one 10-inch, throwing both shot and shell.

The following batteries had also been erected with the view of keeping down the enemy's fire which was to be expected from Fort Wagner and Battery Gregg when we should open our breaching batteries upon Fort Sumter.

BATTERY HAYS.

On creek, 312 yards west of Breacon House; distance from Battery Gregg, 2,950 yards; from Fort Wagner, 1,830 yards.

Armament.-Seventh 30-pounder Parrot rifles.

Garrison.-Detachment Company D, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, commanded by Captain R. G. Shaw, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery.

BATTERY WEED.

In rear of first parallel, 125 yards; distance from Fort Wagner, 1,460 yards.

Armament.-Five 10-inch siege mortars.

Garrison.-Detachments Companies H and D, Seventh Connecticut Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain B. F. Skinner, Seventh Connecticut Volunteer Infantry.

BATTERY REYNOLDS.

In first parallel, distance from Fort Wagner, 1,335 yards.

Armament.-Five 10-inch siege mortars.

Garrison.-Company b, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, and detachment One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain A. E. Greene, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery.

BATTERY KEARNY.

On extreme left of second parallel, next to creek; distance from Fort Wagner, 720 yards; from Battery Gregg, 1,955 yards.

Armament.-Three 30-pounder Parrott rifles.

