
was found in the channel way. An opening was cut 22 feet wide. During the time the work was being done, a six-oared, heavily manned rebel boat came down upon us, but did no damage.

19. So much importance seemed to be attached to the operation, that I superintended it in person, and took change of the working of one saw. Lieutenant Charles B. Parsons, Volunteer Engineers, took charge of the other, and is entitled to credit for his efficiency.

20. The army did not pass here during the night, as was expected, but did the next night, to assault Morris Island.

21. During the time General Strong's column was passing, at daybreak, Lieutenant Parsons sawed off several more piles, increasing the width of the opening some 9 or 10 feet, under heavy fire of the enemy.

22. As a very material improvement in the machinery used, I suggest that the arms to which the saws are fastened, c c, should be lengthened, so that the ends may project, say, a foot beyond the teeth of the saw, that the saw can never be drawn out of is scarf.

23. The direction of the cut should be slightly oblique to the current, but the pressure of the water must be on the back of the saw. The pin a, on which the saw-frame vibrates, should be set slightly inclined downward into the pile, and the ropes should be pulled so as to bring the saw up to its work. Where this cannot be done, a third boat must be used, with a feeding line, which is simply a cord attached to either side of the saw-frame, and the two ends brought together to pull the saw-teeth against the log.

24. As the pile is cut off and falls over, the pin on which the saw is hung is pulled out with a lanyard, d, and the saw is hung upon the next pile, in which a hole has already been bored for the pin.

25. July 9, 4 a. m.-Learned that the attack was not to be made this morning, and prepared to land engineer material that had been brought up from Hilton Head, and in the evening visited the batteries at the north end of Folly Island, which were ready to open fire, and some others still in course of erection.

26. July 10.-The south end of Morris Island having been carried by our forces, established a flying-scow ferry across Light-House Inlet, and took over the artillery and horses of the staff and quartermaster's department, and several regiments, the ferry being made with the scow brought through the opening in the piles in Folly River, and worked under the direction of Lieutenant Parsons.

27. During the night some work was begun to secure our front against the enemy, but the tools had not arrived, and but little was executed. They were merely rifle-pits.

28. July 11.-Preparations made for beginning work in front, getting on shore materials and tools.

29. Began the erection of abridge across Light-House Inlet, which had previously been prepared and shipped on a steamer which lay in Folly River, but for want of transportation little progress was made. The bridge was intended to extend across the Light-House Inlet, but for various reasons-the principal on being the difficulty in getting the material on to the ground, and the fact that the flying-scow ferry worked very well-after about 80 or 90 feet had been built and used as a boat landing, it was abandoned. This plan will not answer in hard bottoms, where the slope is considerable, or where the tide runs very fast.

30. July 12.-All day occupied getting materials forward. Received orders to begin a line of works against Fort Wagner; to put

