
in six Wiard guns, four of Brayton's battery, six Parrott 10-pounders, and five Requa guns; and, in the second line on the left, prepare for ten Parrott 20 and 30 pounder, as they could be obtained, and to intersperse with light mortars in the sand-hills, in suitable positions.

31. Moved up the entire volunteer engineer force present, consisting of 428 men for duty, near the old rebel hospital in front.

32. Personally reconnoitered toward Fort Wagner, some 300 yards beyond our advanced pickets, an hour before dark. At 8 in the evening, began the work afterward converted into the first parallel of the siege, at a point indicated by Captain Brooks, aide-de-camp, as that selected by the commanding general, working three companies of engineers and 200 men of Colonel Jackson's Third New Hampshire Volunteers all night, under fire of the enemy.

33. Some other operations had been contemplated, but at 5 p. m. the following order was received:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,July 12, 1863.

COLONEL: The general directs that you confine your work to-night to the light rifle batteries immediately in front of Fort Wagner.

Very respectfully,

JOHN W. TURNER,

Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

Colonel SERRELL,

Volunteer Engineers.

P. S.-This may modify your requirements for working parties.

34. July 13.-Began a pier, with piles worked in by hand and a scow, at the north end of Folly Island. Frieze had been prepared at the suggestion of an officer of the staff, and ordered by the general to be used in the scarp of the batteries in the first parallel, if practicable, which I made and had taken to the ground last night. They were not used, because, if so placed, a very large part would be cut away to open the embrasures. They were, therefore, set in advance of the batteries about 150 yards.

35. The work was done under the direction of First Lieutenant R. F. Butt, Volunteer Engineers, and under a heavy fire. He deserves credit for the efficiency he displayed on this occasion.

36. July 14.-At 3 p. m., turned over the works in the batteries to Lieutenant Suter, u. S. Engineers, and was ordered to give personal attention to the piers and means of crossing Light-House Inlet.

37. Wind blowing very hard, and great delay experienced for want of means to land materials. Worked all night, Captain J. L. Suess, Volunteer Engineers, assisting with a large working party.

38. The batteries as they were turned over ar represented in Place III, Figs. 1, 2, and 3.

39. July 15.-Sent for pile-driver, which, on its way from Stono, was afterward rendered useless by certain parts being thrown overboard in a storm. Finished a pier at Folly Island to 6 feet deep at low water. This is represented in Plate VIII, Figs. 1 and 2.

40. July 16.-Examined and reported on the state of the batteries, and selected a site for three breaching batteries ont he left, to be directed against Sumter. Staked out same, en echelon; directed the establishment of a telegraph cable across Light-House Inlet, one that had previously been put down having been dragged up by a steamer's anchor.

