
and noted in this journal, from the time of landing on Morris Island to the evacuation of Fort Wagner, with the date of their occurrence:

Our lodgment on the south end of Morris Island was effected on the morning of July 10. An unsuccessful assault on Fort Wagner was made on the morning of the 11th.

July 12, night.-Opened the first parallel, and began the construction of batteries against Fort Wagner, 1,350 yards distant.

July 14, noon.-Broke ground for the left batteries.

July 15.-Mounted first piece of ordnance against Fort Wagner.

July 18, day.-Bombarded Fort Wagner with forty-two siege and field guns and siege mortars.

July 18, evening.-Made an unsuccessful assault on the fort.

July 18, night.-Began to transform first parallel into a defensive line.

July 19.-Began seacoast mortar battery at the Beacon House.

July 21.-Began emplacement on the left for the first gun used against Fort Sumter.

July 23, evening.-Completed the defensive arrangements and improvements in the offensive arrangements of the first parallel.

July 23, midnight.-Opened second parallel at 870 yards from Fort Wagner, and placed six defensive howitzers in it, and began obstructions in its front.

July 25, morning.-Received first fire from the enemy's batteries on James Island.

July 25, day.-Mounted in Battery Hays the first heavy guns used against Fort Sumter.

July 26, night.-Reported the second parallel as being as strong as

Fort Wagner. The first parallel is abandoned as a defensive line. Began the construction of splinter-proof shelters in the second parallel. Began the construction of breaching batteries against Fort Sumter in the second parallel.

July 29, night.-Began seaward defensive barricade on right of second parallel.

August 1.-Seven platforms for heavy rifled guns are laid in second parallel.

August 2, night.-Ordnance corps mounted the first breaching gun in the second parallel used against Fort Sumter.

August 5, night.-Completed obstacle in front of second parallel.

August 8, day.-Made experiments relating to sapping.

August 9, night.-Opened third parallel, distant 540 yards from Fort Wagner, and approach to it, by flying sap.

August 10, night.-Used calcium light against Cumming's Point.

August 11, morning.-Heavy firing from Fort Wagner. Work was stopped by it, for the first time.

August 11, day.-Began preparation of siege material on Folly Island.

August 11, night.-Finished seaward defensive barricade.

August 12, day.-First experimental shot fired at Fort Sumter from Battery Hays.

August 15, day.-Began instructions of engineer soldiers in sapping. August 17, morning.-Commenced the first bombardment of Fort Sumter.

August 18.-Trenches are flooded with water in consequence of spring tide and heavy northeasterly storm.

August 19, morning.-Started the full sap against Fort Wagner from the left, of the third parallel.

