
August 21, noon.-The artillery fire so severe that the progress of the sap was stopped. A few 8-inch Parrott rifle projectiles were fired at Fort Wagner.

August 21, night.-Established fourth parallel, distant 350 yards from Fort Wagner.

August 22, day.-Reported on difficulties of sapping under the fire of Fort Wagner.

August 23, evening.-The first bombardment of Fort Sumter is ended.

August 23, night.-Built redan on left of fourth parallel.

August 25, evening.-Unsuccessful attempt was made to dislodge the enemy from the ridge.

August 25, night.-James Island fire very severe.

August 26, evening.-The ridge was taken by assault.

August 26, night.-Fifth parallel established, at 245 yards from Fort Wagner, and approaches opened to within 100 yards of the ditch of the fort.

August 29, evening.-Began second (two days') bombardment of Fort Sumter.

August 29, night.-Completed 8-inch siege mortar battery in fifth parallel.

September 5, morning.-Began final bombardment of Fort Wagner.

September 6, night.-Crowned the glacis of work. Fort Wagner was evacuated during the night.

Information relating to several subjects connected with engineering operations of the siege, which possesses professional and general interest, yet is not entirely suitable to be incorporated in the journal, is appended thereto.

The following is a list of these papers, arranged and numbered for convenience of reference. Attached to each paper are the drawings necessary for its illustration:

1. Inclined palisading.

2. Wire entanglement.

3. Booms.

4. The seaward defensive barricade.

5. Torpedoes (enemy's).

6. Observations concerning the location, organization, and administration of an engineer depot or park, from experience in these siege operations.

7. List of the various kinds of tools, materials, and machines furnished from the engineer depot, and employed in the siege operations against the defenses of Charleston Harbor, 1863.

8. Statement of the quantities of the most important items of engineer material expended on the siege works herein described, according to accounts kept at the engineer depot.

9. Preparation or manufacture of siege material.

10. Sand-bags.

11. Mortar platforms.

12. Iron embrasure linings.

13. Sapping.

14. Sharpshooters.

15. Penetration of rifled musket-balls, into various kinds of siege materials, as ascertained by experimental firing on Morris Island.

16. The Billinghurst and Requa rifle battery.

17. Broad-wheeled sling-carts.

18. Working parties, and health of the troops.

