
19. Colored troops for work.

20. The main magazine, telegraph office, lookout, and latrine in the second parallel.

21. Splinter-proof shelter.

The following-described drawings, prepared for general reference, will illustrate this report:

Plate Numbers IV.* Plan of a portion of the siege operations against the defenses of Charleston Harbor, showing the left batteries.

1. A part of the batteries erected against Fort Wagner prior to July 18, 1863.

2. A part of the breaching batteries against Fort Sumter, used also against Fort Wagner and Battery Gregg.

All the last-named batteries, excepting Hays, were constructed under the direction of Lieutenant Michie, assistant engineer.

Plate Numbers III. Plan of a portion of the siege operations against the defenses of Charleston Harbor, prior to the evacuation of Fort Wagner, September 7, 1863, showing--

1. Defensive lines across Morris Island.

2. Approaches and batteries against Fort Wagner.

3. Part of the breaching batteries against Fort Sumter, together with sections showing the more important details.

Much of the credit which attaches to the success of the operations above enumerated belongs to the following-named line officers of the New York Volunteer Engineers. It is just that I should here briefly mention their most valuable services, which are more fully recorded in the journal.

Captain Joseph Walker was highly conspicuous for his display of bravery and energy in advancing the approaches against Fort Wagner. During the nights of the 19th and 26th of August and the 5th and 6th of September, Captain Walker being in charge of the sap, more than one-half of the whole distance from the third parallel to Fort Wagner was executed by the flying sap.

To Captain J. L. Suess belongs all the credit of building the surf battery and seaward defensive barricade on the right of the second parallel, which formed one of the most important and characteristic features in our defensive lines. Captain Suess established the fourth parallel on the night of August 21. He was severely wounded in the hand at the head of the sap, September 3.

Captain F. E. Graef, from sickness and duties elsewhere, was not long engaged on the works herein described. He built the large magazine in the second parallel, and rendered valuable service in the advanced parallels.

Captain S. C. Eaton was but a few days on duty on the work executed under my direction. He was chiefly employed on the extreme left.

Lieutenant H. Farrand had chief superintendence of the earthwork of the second and third parallels, throughout the siege. His services in opening both were conspicuous.

Lieutenant C. L. Wilcken had entire charge of building the splinter and bomb proof shelters in the second parallel. After completing this work he was engaged on the sap.

Lieutenants Farrand and Wilcken were more days on duty under my orders than any other engineer officers.

Lieutenant E. N. K. Talcott assisted Lieutenant Farrand in the operations above enumerated, and chiefly superintended the construction of Batteries Rosecrans and Meade. He has given valuable aid in preparing this report.

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

---------------

