
Lieutenant J. S. Baldwin superintended the construction of the left batteries used in the first bombardment of Fort Wagner. His services since, on the right, have been valuable.

Lieutenant P. McGuire built the first emplacement for a breaching gun against Fort Sumter. He was on duty a few days in the approaches, and superintended the construction of a 10-inch seacoast mortar battery.

Lieutenant Charles B. Parsons was one of the four officers detailed for and employed on sapping duty.

Captain F. H. Cruso and Lieutenant R. W. Coe were constantly on duty in the engineer depot.

Lieutenant H. Mehles, and, after him, and for a much longer period, Lieutenant J. H. Harrold, commanded the detachment on Folly Island, which made nearly all the sap-rollers, gabions, and fascines used in the siege.

Captain W. Pratt, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, and Lieutenant M. Adams, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, were the only infantry officers detailed for engineer duty. They rendered efficient services during the latter part of the siege, while under my orders.

Lieutenant James E. Wilson, U. S. Artillery, assisted in establishing the defensive lines.

Lieutenant N. M. Edwards, New York Volunteer Engineers, has chiefly superintended the execution of the surveys, maps, and plans which accompany this report, besides rendering important services on siege works not under my direction.

In the former duty he has been assisted by artificers [Christopher J.] Lorrigan, [Latham L.] Buckland (now a lieutenant), and [Robert D.] Conroy, of Company A, New York Volunteer Engineers, and Corporal [August] Becker, of the One hundred and third, and Private De Chambord, of the Independent Battalion New York Volunteers [Enfans Perdus].

Of the troops employed in the fatigue duties, the New York Volunteer Engineers stand pre-eminently foremost. From the first blow to the last, in every part of the work, at all times of the day and night, in all weathers, and under the most severe fire, the line officers, non-commissioned officers, artificers and privates of this regiment were to be found on duty, executing themselves the more difficult kinds of work, and directing the infantry details on the other work.

Of the numerous infantry regiments which furnished fatigue details, the Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers did the most and best work. Next follow the blacks-the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, and Third U. S. Colored Troops.

Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry commanded the United States forces on Morris Island, from which the guards of the trenches and the working parties were chiefly furnished.

As an assistant engineer, I am under many obligations to him as commandant of the infantry employed in the siege operations herein described.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. BROOKS,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Assistant Engineer.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, and Chief Engineer.

