
than half destroyed by our mortar shells. The palmetto logs, which formed the rivetting of the embrasures in the south front of the work, were considerably damaged, and would have required repairs before being used.

The following instructions, given by Colonel Turner, chief of artillery, to the battery commanders, are interesting, in connection with the above record of injuries inflicted by these batteries on Fort Wagner:

1. The siege mortars were ordered to distribute their fire over the whole work, exploding their shells just before striking.

2. The 30-pounder Parrott rifles were ordered to destroy the shelters built for sharpshooters, ont he south face of the work.

3rd. The heavy guns were to direct most of their fire on the south end of the bomb-proof shelter, with the intention of breaching it below its superior sheeting, and thus to enfilade its interior with our shells. A portion of the fire of the heavy rifled guns was also directed at the enemy's embrasure guns.

The effect of the navy fire was the same as the siege mortars.

Engineering improvements were commenced this morning in Fort Wagner, and the removal of torpedoes continued, under the superintendence of Lieutenant Wilcken, who, assisted by Corporals [Carl] Beiter and [Peter] Weimer, Company D, New York Volunteer Engineers, has disarmed, in all, twenty-six of these destructive arrangements.

I was this day relieved from active engineering duties in the field, by order of the general commanding.

NOTES TO MAJOR BROOKS' JOURNAL.

NOTE Numbers 1.

INCLINED PALISADING. (See Figs. 1, 2, 3, and 4, p. 305.)

This form of obstacle was chiefly depended upon as material obstruction in front of both defensive lines on Morris Island, i. e., the first and second parallels. Altogether about 460 yards were set. It was chiefly made at the engineer depot, of pine saplings, from 4 to 7 inches in diameter, which had been gotten out for bridge material.

The panel form, which was found to be a great convenience in transporting and setting the inclined palisading, most of which had to be done under fire, was suggested by the general commanding.

From the above and subsequent experience is deduced the following:

Each panel should contain four or five poles, according to the size of the stuff used, care being taken to leave no opening through which a man's body could be forced. Round poles make better palisading than split ones. If the former are used, they should be not less than 4 nor more than 6 inches in diameter at the large end. If split, they should be not less than 5 nor more than 8 inches in diameter at the large end, and should in no case by split more than once. Two-inch plank may be used for cleats, thereby making less work than split stuff.

Where standing pine saplings are tolerably abundant, a detachment of 24 skillful men will work to the best advantage in about the following proportions: For every 4 axmen felling and splitting tim-

