
The following list contains all the engineering material expended in the construction and repair of the above batteries, and also in the repair of the 30-pounder batteries of their right, viz:

16,700 sand-bags.

1,500 feet 3-inch plank.

3,000 feet 2-inch plank.

2,000 feet 1-inch plank.

85 iron gabions.

45 fascines, 18 feet long.

6 kegs nails and spikes.

1 coil 3-inch rope.

1 coil wire (Numbers 10.)

The trenches and works on the right had been heretofore under charge of Captain Brooks, assistant engineer and aide-de-camp, and whom, by order of Captain Reese, U. S. Engineers, assistant and consulting engineer, I relieved on the 1st of September. The sap had at that time reached about the middle of the long bayou just in rear of the marsh. My instructions were clear and explicit to push the sap rapidly as possible over the narrow neck of sand between the marsh and the beach-the probability of its failure being ignored by Captain Reese, to whose energy and decision its success is justly due.

The details of engineers and infantry remained unchanged, with but few exceptions. The following extracts from my daily reports will show the progress of the work.

September 2.- The trench was carried as far as the beach-a branch nearly at right angles being run, to be used by sharpshooters as a temporary flanking, arrangement. Here, as heretofore, the sap-roller could not be used, because of the torpedoes planted by the rebels.

September 4.- A simple trench, making an angle of about 70 degrees with the last, was commenced yesterday morning, and advanced 15 yards up to 7 a. m. to-day. The work was delayed because of a heavy fire from the enemy immediately after dark. No sooner did we advance a few feet than a well-directed shell would send sand and sand-bags in every direction, and cause us to commence anew. On the left of the 8-inch mortar battery, in the fifth parallel, a battery of three 10-inch siege mortars was established last night. A position for the operation of the calcium light was prepared on the left of the second parallel. The light was used from 7.30 p. m. till daybreak to-day. An extra detail of 100 men was employed in widening and strengthening the approaches, all of which below the fifth parallel are now completed.

September 5.- The trench spoken of in my last report was carried to within 20 feet of the marsh, and is, altogether, 25 yards long. A new trench at an angle of 600 degrees with the latter was commenced last night. Yesterday morning the enemy opened so effective a fire of artillery on the head of the sap as to stop its progress during the forenoon. One torpedo was removed, and four others can be seen near the foot of the slope of the preceding trench.

September 6.- Yesterday the land and naval batteries began the bombardment of Fort Wagner, and, as it was supposed the danger would be too great, no fatigue parties were sent up in the trenches. Under orders of Captain Reese, I went to the front, and found that, owing to the extreme accuracy of our guns, the advance was the safest part of all the trenches. A temporary brigade of sappers was at once organized of 4 colored soldiers found in the fifth parallel, while an order was sent for the engineer detail. The work was pushed very rapidly, and by 11 p. m. 180 yards in length of trench had been excavated, which was put in good condition by morning. The head

