
of the sap at that time was not more than 10 or 12 yards from the (our) right salient of Wagner. Some six or seven torpedoes were removed in the line of the sap, and no accidents occurred. At noon the leading sapper cut into the decayed bodies of the Union soldiers who fell on the 18th of July, and who were buried by the rebels in pits, in front of Fort Wagner.

September 7.- Yesterday morning I was relieved by Captain Brooks, who reported for duty. But last night I was desired to take charge during the night again. The sap was pushed very rapidly, one branch, under Captain Walker, to the ditch, and the other, and most important, to the right as far as the sea flank of the fort, which was reached at about 2 p. m. to-day. The evacuation becoming known, labor was discontinued, and the parties sent to camp. It is proper to mention here the fine behavior of the working parties, alike commendable when, under the severest fire, they displayed the coolness of veterans, and when under the disagreeable necessity of uncovering the graves of their comrades to reach the goal for which so much had been expended.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

First Lieutenant U. S. Engineers, and Asst. Engr., Dept. of the South.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, and Chief Engineer.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Townsend L. Hatfield, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C.,

September 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from you, I left my station on Saint Helena Island, and joined our forces on Folly Island, July 9, 1863.

I immediately reported to you for orders, and received instructions from you to report to Brigadier-General Strong, commanding a storming party about to storm Morris Island; that I reported to General Strong, and was put in command of signal party on expedition, having Lieutenant Hickok for assistant.

We left Folly Island about 11 p. m. on the 9th, and arrived at our place of rendezvous at daylight of the 10th. Our batteries on Folly Island, and the boat howitzers accompanying the boat expedition, opened fire on the rebel batteries at daylight, and, after a heavy bombardment, our boats were ordered to advance and storm the island. I landed with the first regiment (Sixth Connecticut Volunteers), and immediately ran to the beach and opened communication with our fleet of monitors. They had a 15-inch gun trained on our party, which they were about firing, when they perceived my flag. As the gun was loaded with grape-shot, my signals must have saved our party a heavy loss. After our forces had taken possession of the lower part of the island, I established a signal station on Gregg's Hill, and opened communication with Folly Island. This station is working yet.

At 2 a. m. on the 11th, was ordered by General Strong to the front. Our forces were about storming Fort Wagner. At General Strong's

