
request, I sent Lieutenant Hickok forward with the storming party, and staid myself with the reserve, under Colonel Putnam. Our assault was unsuccessful, and we had to retire.

From the 11th to the 18th, I did duty at the right battery in front of Wagner.

On the morning of the 18th, I was ordered to report of the commanding officer of the right batteries for signal duty, as our forces were expected to attack Fort Wagner that day. I kept up signal communication with the Tower Station on Gregg's Hill under a very heavy fire. At 6 p. m. our attacking columns came up, and I was ordered to the front with the advance regiment, by General Seymour, commanding United States forces on Morris Island. I kept up with the advance regiment until I was wounded by a discharge of canister from Fort Wagner. This was within 50 yards of the fort. Private C. Cotter, signal men, carried me to the rear, and would not leave me until i was safe.

Owing to my wound (a fresh one), I did not return to duty for three weeks. I did duty at the right batteries alternately for one week, when I was ordered to the left batteries, where I did duty, alternate days, until ordered to take charge of telegraph at third parallel, in front of Wagner. I did this duty until the 6th day of September, when I was ordered to report to General Stevenson, commanding assaulting party on Forts Wagner and Gregg. The rebels having evacuated both forts, I had no chance of doing duty as a signal officer, but assisted him as aide-de-camp.

I would respectfully mention are following men for gallant and meritorious conduct while under my command:

Sergeant Littings, Corporals Bender, Maag, and Bechtel, Privates H. Tracy, cotter, Smedes, and Moffatt.

These men did their duty well as flagmen in the boats in Light-House Inlet, and in the batteries in front of Wagner. I make especial mention of Corporal Bender and Private Cotter. I would also mention Sergeant Wolverton, Privates Miller, Ford, and George, who did their duty faithfully as telegraph men. I make especial mention of Sergeant Wolverton, who, under a very heavy fire of canister, repaired the line, setting up nine poles and repairing about 500 yards of wire, which was broken in three different places.

On all occasions, the men displayed great coolness under fire, and were always ready to volunteer for any expedition or for any duty that took them under fire.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TOWNSEND L. HATFIELD,

First Lieutenant 48th Regiment, N. Y. Vols., and Actg. Sig. Officer.

Lieutenant F. E. TOWN,

Signal Officer.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Peter H. Niles, U. S. Signal Corps.

SIGNAL CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,

Georgetown, August 31, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations connected with the introduction of signal telegraph trains in the Department of the South:

