
corner and exploded within, severely wounding Colonel Howell, in command of the trenches, and Sergeant Emerson, of the signal corps, breaking the instrument and covering the signal party with its debris. Lieutenant Cross at the time was sending a message to General Gillmore. I immediately sent to the front and had the instrument removed from about 5 feet of sand, &amp;c., and commenced repairing it. In this I was successful, and had the instrument and line in working order again at daybreak, much to the satisfaction of General Terry, who had personal charge of the entrenchments, and who relied upon the line as a medium for all communication to the front.

But 6 officers have been instructed, owing to the urgent necessity that requires the practical use of the line, and I consider them to be thoroughly instructed in all the minutia necessary for successful working of the line. The enlisted men have been instructed in making the necessary repairs, &c.

In conclusion, I consider the working of the signal telegraph line in this department a complete success.

Ont he 17th instant, I reported to General Gillmore that I had completed my duties in that department, and was relieved from further duty per Special Orders, Numbers 486.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER H. NILES,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps.

Colonel ALBERT J. MYER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 9. Reports of Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., November 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of July 10, against Morris Island, by the division under my command:

Folly Island had been occupied by our forces under command of Brigadier General I. Vodges since early in April, and under his supervision extensive batteries had been constructed on the north end of the island, and thirty-two rifled guns and fifteen mortars, and all the requisite material, had been placed in position with a skill and secrecy that reflect the highest credit upon him and upon those who more immediately performed this labor. This artillery was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Jackson, captain First Artillery, assisted by Captain L. L. Langdon, of the same regiment; Lieutenant J. P. Farley, U. S. Ordnance, and by Major J. E. Bailey, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery.

The south end of Morris Island was protected by a number of batteries, generally containing a single gun of heavy caliber, and by several mortars, and was held by an adequate force of artillerists, supported, however, by only a small force of infantry. An extensive series of rifle-pits covered the rear of these batteries.

Agreeably to instructions from Brigadier-General Gillmore, the brigade of General Strong was embarked (with the exception of a

