
part of the Forty-eighth New York, under Colonel Barton), in launches and small boats, on the night of July 9, at Campbell's house, near the south end of Folly Island, and moved up Folly River to its junction with Light-House Inlet, there to await the action of our artillery. This column was escorted by four naval launches, with howitzers, commanded by Lieutenant F. M. Bunce, U. S. Navy.

Colonel Barton's Forty-eight New York, and two regiments of General Vogdes' brigade, the Seventh New Hampshire, Colonel Putnam, and One hundredth New York, Colonel Dandy, with Lieutenant G. V. Henry's battery (B, First Artillery), six guns, were held in reserve on Folly Island, ready to sustain the First Brigade; and the entire remaining forces, the Sixty-second Ohio, Colonel Pond, Sixty-seventh Ohio, Colonel Voris, and Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, Colonel Howell, were under arms near the signal tower. All these supports were commanded by General Vogdes.

The batteries opened soon after sunrise. The enemy, although completely surprised, soon manned his guns, and replied with vigor. Our fire, at first deliberate, was gradually increased in rapidity; the howitzers under Lieutenant Bunce soon joined, and several monitors moved up and shared at a later moment in this powerful cannonade. A few guns were turned ineffectually upon General Strong's column when it appeared in Light-House Inlet, and infantry came down to the rifle-pits, and opened upon the boats. But that command pressed gallantly forward, and, protected by the overpowering influence of our guns, disembarked with exceeding quickness, formed into two columns, and rushed upon the enemy's rifle-pits and batteries.

The boats were instantly sent across the inlet, and, still under fire, the Forty-eighth New York, Seventh New Hampshire, One hundredth New York, and Lieutenant Henry's guns were transferred to Morris Island in the most admirable manner.

General Strong's brigade meanwhile seized battery after battery; and five colors, eleven guns and mortars, with a considerable quantity of artillery stores, camp and garrison equipage, and 150 prisoners, fell into our hands. Our troops had now advanced to within a short distance of Fort Wagner, from which and from Sumter a brisk fire was opened. Had the monitors bee thrown upon Fort Wagner coincident with our attack upon the south end of the island, that work might probably now have been carried without much loss; but the fact that its artillery fire was intact, and the intervening ground without shelter; that the heat was excessive and the soldiers greatly fatigued, precluded the probability of a successful assault, which was consequently not urged.

For the brilliant vigor with which the movements of his brigade were conducted, the greatest credit is due to Brigadier-General Strong, whose personal example was heroism itself. His report justly praises his subordinate commanders, and to that I must refer; but I must mention particularly the excellent conduct of Colonel Chatfield, Sixth Connecticut, who led his regiment in the advance up Morris Island until its colors were riddled by close artillery fire from Fort Wagner.

To Brigadier-General Vodges, who superintended the prompt and skillful passage of the support across the inlet, much credit is due on this occasion.

And to Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, his assistants, already named, and the respective commanders of batteries, must be awarded no small share of the glory of this day.

