
tling on the parapet. By a combined and determined rush over the southeast angle of the fort, the enemy was driven from that portion of the work. Some hundred men were now inside, with Colonel Putnam at their head. The bastion-like space between the bomb-proof and the parapet was fully in our possession. Some of our officers and men mounted the bomb-proof itself, which completely commanded the interior of the fort. Strong efforts were made by the enemy to drive our brave fellows out, but unsuccessfully, and rebel officers and men were captured and sent to the rear. For more than an hour this position was maintained by Colonel Putnam, assisted by Colonel Dandy, One hundredth New York; Major Butler, Sixty-seventh Ohio; Major Coan, Forty-eighth New York; Captain Klein, Sixth Connecticut, and a number of other very brave and devoted officers. And now Colonel Putnam, while waiting patiently for expected succor, and urging his men to maintain the advantage that had been gained, was shot, dead, on the parapet, as brave a soldier, as courteous a gentleman, as true a man as ever walked beneath the Stars And Stripes.

General Strong had long since been wounded. Colonel Chatfield, Sixth Connecticut; Colonel Barton, Forty-eighth New York; and Colonel Shaw, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts, had fallen, after the most gallant efforts, in front of their commands; and during the advance of the Second Brigade I had been struck by a grape-shot and was compelled to retire. But I had previously sent Major Plimpton to order up General Stevenson's brigade, which order was reiterated after my being hurt. You were sent by General Gillmore to take further command, and the Third Brigade had no part in the attack.

Finally despairing, after long waiting, of further assistance, the senior officers at the fort withdrew our men (with exception of about 100, who could not be reached, and who were soon after captured), and what had been so dearly bought was abandoned to the enemy.

And the failure must be ascribed solely to the unfortunate delay that hindered Colonel Putnam from moving promptly in obedience to my orders, and to his not being supported after he had essentially succeeded in the assault.

Unsuccessful as we were, the highest praise is due to those noble men who did their full duty that night. Who can forget, while courage and generosity are admired by man, that glorious soldier, Strong, or the heroic Putnam, or Chatfield, the beloved, or Shaw, faithful and devoted upon death. Many more than these deserve lasting record, of the rank and file as well as of officers, but the loss of those of high command, and the scattering of the many wounded who were prominent actors in this scene, with the difficultly of procuring sufficient information otherwise, compel me to but a meager outline. On every inch of the sands in front of Fort Wagner will be forever traced in undying glory the story of the determination and courage of these men.

I cannot close without thanking Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson and Captain Langdon, First Artillery, with the other officers of that arm, for their efficient and valuable services during the day. Major Plimpton, Third New Hampshire, rendered me the most energetic assistance. Lieutenant Stevens, Sixth Connecticut, one of my aides, a young man of great promise, was killed at my side. To Captain [Peter R.] Chadwick, assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant [Charles N.] Jackson and Lieutenant Holt, my aides, my thanks are also due, for good conduct and prompt action at all times. Nor can I fail to

