
call the attention of General Gillmore to the merits of Lieutenant Michie, U. S. Engineers, who labored early and late, with untiring zeal, in the preparations for this assault.

Such reports as I have been able to obtain are herewith inclosed.

And I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Department of the South.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. Jackson, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Artillery, July 10.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C.,

July 11, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with verbal instructions, I have the honor to report the part taken by the batteries under my command in the action of the 10th instant.

Agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 174, dated Headquarters U. S. Forces, Folly Island, S. C., July 8, 1863, I assumed chief command of all the batteries on the north end of Folly Island on the 9th instant, and immediately inspected and prepared them for action. They were constituted as follows:

First line.- Four 3-inch rifled guns, served by Captain Brayton's light company, Third Rhode Island Artillery; four 20-pounder Parrotts, served by Captain Strahan's company, Third Rhode Island Artillery; four 30-pounder Parrotts, served by Company C, First U. S. Artillery; eighth 30-pounder Parrotts, served by Captain Shaw's company, Third Rhode Island Artillery; six 10-pounder Parrotts, served by Light Company E, Third U. S. Artillery; six 10-inch siege mortars, served by Captain Greene's company, Third Rhode Island Artillery; four 10-inch siege mortars, served by Captain Comstock's company, Third Rhode Island Artillery. Total first line, twenty-six rifled guns and ten mortars.

Second line.- Six Wiard guns, served by Light Battery F, Third New York Volunteer Artillery; five 8-inch siege mortars, served by Lieutenant Holbrook's company, Third Rhode Island Artillery. Total second line, six Wiard guns and five mortars.

Grand total, thirty-two rifled guns and five mortars.

The duty in the magazines was performed by skillful men detailed for that purpose from Company C, First U. S. Artillery. The firing commenced at 5 a. m. and lasted until about 8 a. m., when the heights and batteries of the enemy were so gallantly carried by the infantry under your command. The crushing effect of a concentrated and well-directed fire of artillery, so much in favor with artillery officers, has never been better illustrated than in this action.

The enemy at the commencement was so bewildered as to be unable to serve his guns with effect, and the rain of shot and shell from my batteries was so incessant and effective as to drive his gunners from their pieces, killing and wounding many. His infantry were also prevented from taking up their position in the strong rifle-pits about 800 yards in advance of our batteries, and never attempted to occupy

