
them until our troops were disembarked on Morris Island, which occurred about 8 a. m.

As our infantry moved up the slopes of the sand ridges to carry the enemy's position, I directed the officers in command of the 10-inch mortar batteries and 20 and 30 pounder Parrotts to fire over the head of the leading column and over the hills in front, in order to prevent the assembling of the enemy's infantry for the purpose of opposing our troops when they would have crowned the heights. I am happy to say that the fire over the heads of our own men. As soon as I perceived the enemy's infantry preparing to oppose General Strong's advance, the fire of eleven pieces on the left of the first line was directed upon them, with good effect, and did much to facilitate the advance.

During the action, I had to cut away and enlarge many of the embrasures in order to obtain a large field of fire. Lieutenant Michie, of the engineer corps, performed this duty admirably, under the enemy's fire.

In walking through the enemy's batteries and over his position, after the action, I was much gratified to observe with how much skill and accuracy both officers and gunners must have directed the fire of their pieces, from the manner in which the earthworks were torn to pieces and from the number of killed and wounded by shot and shell.

As near as could be ascertained, the number of projectiles expended during the action was 2,500.

I have had only two casualties, severely wounded. They occurred in Captain Shaw's company, Third Rhode Island Artillery, from the premature discharge of a piece.

Captain L. L. Langdon, First Artillery, and Lieutenant J. P. Farley, ordnance corps, had the immediate direction of the first line, and Major J. E. Bailey, Third Rhode Island Artillery, of the second, and performed their duty entirely to my satisfaction; but as all the officers and men behaved with so much zeal and coolness, I am unable to select any for special commendation. I desire to say, though, that should my services by deemed necessary in any future operations on Morris Island it will give me great pleasure to command the same batteries again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Captain 1st Art., Lieutenant Colonel, and A. I. G., 10th Army Corps.

Brigadier General TRUMAN SEYMOUR,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Morris Island.

Numbers 11. Reports of Brigadier General Israel Vogdes, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Folly Island, S. C., July 17, 1863.

COLONEL: I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command from the time (12th of June)

