
intrusted to Captain Mordecai, of the ordnance department. The energy, perseverance and knowledge displayed by this officer are deserving of the highest praise, and I beg leave to commend him and Colonel Dandy, Lieutenants Suter and Michie, particularly, to the favorable consideration of the general commanding. The works were constructed by the First New York Engineers, detachments of the First U. S. Artillery, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, Third New York Artillery, the Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, One hundredth New York Volunteers, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, and Sixty-second and Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Regiments, all of which displayed great coolness in constructing the works under a galling fire.

I regret to state, that, having accidentally lost my note-book during the change of our headquarters, I cannot give the detailed account of the daily work. During the period of my command, I have been greatly assisted by Captain Payne, One hundredth New York Volunteers, and Corporal [Aaron D.] Yocum, of the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, in collecting reliable information as to the enemy's position, &amp; c. I take great pleasure in commending them to the favorable consideration of the general commanding.

I presume that my successor, General Seymour, will make a report of the operations on the morning of the 10th instant. My brigade was ordered to be held in reserve. Three of my regiments, however, participated in the assault - the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, One hundredth New York Volunteers, and Sixty-second Ohio. They were embarked under fire, and behaved with great coolness.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Colonel J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Folly Island, S. C., October 21, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with the intimation in your note of the 19th, I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command during the attack on Morris Island, July 10, 1863:

These troops having since passed from under my command, I am unable to obtain reports from the several commanders, and will consequently have to trust entirely to my memory for the facts.

The attack on Morris Island was fixed for the morning of the 9th of July. Understanding from you that you intended to accompany the column of General Strong, I so informed General Gillmore, whereupon he directed me to take command of the batteries in Camp Seymour, in addition to the brigade under my orders. The immediate command of these batteries was intrusted to Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, inspector-general. The undergrowth was removed from in front of the embrasures, and the embrasures opened, under the direction of Lieutenant McGuire, of the First New York Volunteer Engineers.

As it was somewhat doubtful whether the attack would come off

