
as directed, I suspended felling the trees which masked the batteries until I could communicate with General Gillmore, which I did at about 3 a. m., and, by his order, suspended operations, replacing as far as possible the material that had been removed. This was completely accomplished before daylight. The Seventh New Hampshire, One hundredth New York, and parts of the Sixty-second and Sixty-seventh Ohio, remained as guards to the batteries.

During the 9th and the night of the 9th, the batteries were all inspected, all of the artillery was at is post, and the men made familiar with their duties. During the night of the 9th, General Seymour took charge of the batteries in person, and my command was limited to that of my brigade, consisting of the Seventh New Hampshire, One hundredth New York, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, Thirty-ninth Illinois, Sixty-second and Sixty-seventh Ohio, and the Independent Battalion. The One hundredth New York, Seventh New Hampshire, Sixty-second and Sixty-seventh Ohio were in the trenches or within supporting distance during the nights of the 8th and 9th, and the remainder of the brigade, excepting such as were on grand guard, were bivouacked in column in front of the entrenched line at Camp Howell. The batteries were opened just after daylight on the 10th. As soon as the general commanding the department judged the proper moment for assault had arrived. General Seymour, accompanied by myself, passed to the front of the entrenchments. A part of General Strong's brigade had landed on the left; a portion was passing down the inlet to land on the right. The enemy's fire had slackened, but he still continued to fire with musketry and solid shot.

The boats containing General Strong's brigade were sent to this side, and the Seventh New Hampshire and One hundredth New York and parts of the Sixty-second and Sixty-seventh Ohio were embarked, under the fire of the enemy's batteries. They behaved very gallantly, and the movement was performed quickly and in good order. One regiment of General Strong's brigade was first embarked; it was immediately followed by the Seventh New Hampshire and One hundredth New York. Not more than twenty minutes elapsed from the time the boats returned until the troops had disembarked, and formed in line of battle on the opposite shore. Great credit is due to the officers and men of these regiments for the gallantry, promptness, and good order in which this movement was executed. It was superintended by General Seymour, aided by myself and staff. The Sixty-second and Sixty-seventh Ohio followed, as soon as transportation could be obtained, in equally good order.

The general commanding, having arrived at the front, passed over to Morris Island, accompanied by General Seymour. By the direction of the general commanding, I remained in command at Folly Island.

I immediately commenced dismantling the works at Camp Seymour and transporting the guns and materials, ordnance and engineering, to Morris Island. This was executed in less than six days. Great difficulty was experienced in making this transfer, owing to the deficiency both of land and water transportation. I was ably seconded in this duty by Major Campbell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, and Captain Brayton, Third Rhode Island Artillery. I beg leave to commend them to your favorable consideration.

I do not report upon the construction of the batteries, as I have made a report upon that subject to the general commanding the de

23 R R - VOL XXVIII, PT I

