
partment. Nor have I alluded to the splendid service rendered by them on the morning of the 10th, they being more particularly under your immediate direction.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp; c.,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General TRUMAN SEYMOUR.

Numbers 12. Reports of Brigadier General George C. Strong, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C.,

July 10, 1863.

GENERAL: Pursuant to instructions of yesterday from division headquarters, I embarked during the night, in row-boats, at a point near the southwestern extremity of Folly Island, all the infantry of my brigade, with the exception of six companies of the Forty-eighth Regiment, New York Volunteers. Convoyed by four howitzer boats, supplied by the admiral, we proceeded, at 1 a. m. to-day, up Folly River and Folly Island Creek, and thence to a point in Light-House Inlet, 1 mile northwest from our masked batteries at the northern extremity of Folly Island. This point of the inlet was reached just before daybreak, and here we awaited the result of the bombardment of Morris Island, commenced at 5 a. m. by our batteries. Lieutenant-Commander Bunce also opened fire from the howitzer boats, soon after, upon the nearest of the enemy's works.

About 6 a. m., a line of skirmishers was seen approaching from our rear in the direction of Secessionville. The flotilla accordingly dropped down the inlet to a point more exposed to the fire of the Morris Island batteries, where we were vigorously assailed by them, with, however, the loss of but a single launch.

At about 7 a. m., I received from General Gillmore the signal to land and assault the enemy's works. Four companies of the Seventh Connecticut (the only companies of that regiment attached to my command), gallantly led by Lieutenant-Colonel Rodman, immediately landed at the extremity of the enemy's extensive series of rifle-pits, opposite the left of our batteries. They were followed by the four companies of the Forty-eighth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Green; the Ninth Maine Regiment, Colonel Emery; the Third New Hampshire, Colonel Jackson; and the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, Colonel Strawbridge.

This, the main column, drove the enemy's infantry out of the rifle-pits, while the Sixth Connecticut Regiment, Colonel Chatfield, having passed along the entire front of the enemy's line and effected a landing, was forming his command on the southeasterly point of the island, and alone constituted our right column of assault.

The two columns now moved forward, under a lively discharge of shell, grape, and canister, converging toward the works nearest the southern extremity of the island, and thence along its commanding ridge and eastern coast, capturing successively the eight batteries, of one heavy gun each, occupying the commanding points of that ridge, besides two batteries, mounting, together, three 10-inch sea-coast mortars. All this ordnance is in serviceable condition.

