
As soon as the troops had disembarked, the boats were sent across the inlet to the northern point of Folly Island, and brought thence the remainder of the Forty-eighth New York, the One hundredth New York, and the Seventh New Hampshire Regiment (the two last named being a portion of General Vogdes' brigade), commanded, respectively, by Colonels Barton, Dandy, and Putnam. The promptness with which this re-enforcement was effected deserves special mention.

We captured 150 prisoners (including 11 commissioned officers), 5 stand of colors, a considerable quantity of camp equipage and ammunition, and several horses and mules.

We lost, of commissioned officers, 1 killed (the gallant Captain Lent, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers) and 1 wounded; of non-commissioned officers and privates, 14 killed and 90 wounded.

The head of the column was halted within musket-range of Fort Wagner, situated near the northern extremity of the island, to which the enemy had retreated, and which was not to-day assaulted on account of the excessive heat of the weather, and consequent fatigue of our troops.

I believe that I cannot too highly commend the coolness and courage of my officers and men in the somewhat hazardous operation of landing in the face of the enemy.

Lieutenant-Commander Bunce, U. S. Navy, commanding the howitzer boats, and Lieutenant McKenzie, U. S. Navy, in charge of the boats furnished from the fleet for our transportation, and the officers and men under their respective commands, did most gallant and valuable service.

Lieutenants Hatfield and Hickok, of the signal corps, maintained constant and perfect communication between my command and the headquarters of the division and of the department.

The other officers of my staff, Captain [William W.] Harral, aide-de-camp; Major Plimpton, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant [Alvan H.] Libby, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain [Edward F.] Wyman, acting brigade commissary; Lieutenant [Frank J.] Magee, acting brigade quartermaster, and Surgeon [Stephen F.] Elliot, brigade surgeon, have my thanks for untiring and effective co-operation from the commencement of the embarkation, and conspicuous gallantry during the action.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. STRONG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Forces on Morris Island.

Brigadier General TRUMAN SEYMOUR,

Commanding U. S. Forces on Morris and Folly Islands, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., July 11, 1863.

GENERAL: Pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, a column of assault was formed before daybreak, this morning, for an attack upon Fort Wagner. This column consisted of four companies of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, and the Ninth Maine Regiments. The Third and Seventh New Hampshire Regiments formed the reserve.

The assault was made at daybreak, the Seventh Connecticut deployed in the advance, supported by the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania

