
and Ninth Maine, in the order named, and each in close column of divisions.

The leading battalion had received orders to dash forward with a shout when the enemy should open fire, and the other battalions were directed to maintain their respective intervals.

These orders were most faithfully observed by Lieutenant-Colonel Rodman, of the Seventh Connecticut, who led a portion of his command, under a very heavy fire of artillery and musketry, to the top of the parapet, where two of the enemy's gunners were bayoneted by his men.

But, unfortunately, when the enemy opened simultaneously along his whole line, and within a range of 200 yards, the Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania halted and lay down upon the ground. Though they remained in this position but a few moments, and afterward moved gallantly forward, some of them even to the ditch, that halt lost the battle, for the interval was lost and the Seventh, unsupported, were driven from the parapet. The whole column, including the Ninth Maine, which had reached the ditch on the left, gave way and retreated from the field. We lost in killed, wounded and missing, 8 commissioned officers and 322 non-commissioned officers and privates. Lieutenant-Colonel Rodman, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, the bravest of the brave, is among the wounded.

The Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Regiment, heretofore bearing the reputation of a most gallant and thoroughly disciplined organization, will have another and early opportunity to efface the remembrance of their involuntary fault. The causes of their failure, and hence the failure of the assault, were, first, the sudden, tremendous, and simultaneous fire which all encountered, and, second, the absence of their colonel, who was taken ill before the column was put in motion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. STRONG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General TRUMAN SEYMOUR,

Commanding U. S. Forces on Morris and Folly Islands, S. C.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lorenzo Meeker, Sixth Connecticut Infantry.

HILTON HEAD, S. C.,

February 23, 1864.

GENERAL:

* * * * * * *

Until the night of July 8 [1863], the regiment performed fatigue and picket duty, when, preparations having been made for an attack on Morris Island, S. C., it embarked in small boats, and, under command of Colonel John L. Chatfield, proceeded up Folly River to Pawnee Landing. The plan for a night attack having been abandoned, it returned to camp early on the morning of the 9th. Again, on the night of July 9, the regiment embarked in small boats as before, arriving at Light-House Inlet, at Morris Island, about sunrise the next morning. The batteries on the north end of Folly Island opened fire upon the enemy's batteries on Morris Island, and continued in rapid succession for about two hours, when the regiment effected a landing

