
on Morris Island, under a heavy artillery fire. Immediately, it formed in line and gallantly charged on the rebel works, capturing battery after battery, and continuing the charge to within rifle range of Fort Wagner.

The enemy's batteries were erected upon high sand banks, and as their guns could not be sufficiently depressed, a landing was effected, and the charge made, with but small loss; only 1 killed and 11 wounded. Of the twelve batteries captured, nine were siege and three mortar. About 100 prisoners were taken, together with one garrison and one battle flag, the latter inscribed, "Pocotaligo, October 22, 1862." It was captured by Private Roper Hounslow, Company D, who shot the color-bearer through the head, killing him instantly. The regiment numbered 16 officers and about 480 men. Until the 18th of July, the regiment bivouacked at the lower shore of the island, performing fatigue and picket duty. About 1 p. m. on the 18th, it was ordered under arms, and, under command of Colonel John L. Chatfield, advanced a short distance in front of Craig Hill Signal Station, as a support to the batteries which had opened fire upon the enemy. At 5.30 p. m. it was formed into line, and advanced toward the enemy, moving along the beach, by the right flank, until in front of the line of stockades, when it was formed facing Fort Wagner. About 6.30 p. m. it formed in column of companies, closed in mass, advanced upon the enemy's works in good order, crossed the moat and entered the fort at the southeastern angle. The regiment held its position in the fort for about three hours, when, as it was found impossible to obtain re-enforcements, orders were given to retire as quietly as possible.

The conduct of both officers and men in the assault was meritorious in the extreme. Too much cannot be said in their praise, for the cool courage and bravery they evinced while marching on to the assault, through a most murderous fire, and for their determined resistance while in the fort. No act of cowardice or want of courage was noticed in any. The casualties of the regiment were forwarded to you shortly after the engagement. While a portion of the regiment was engaged on fatigue duty, at the front, on the 25th of July, 5 men were wounded.

On the 29th of July, by orders from department headquarters, the regiment was relieved from duty on Morris Island and ordered to report to the post commander at Hilton Head, where it arrived July 31, 1863.

* * * * * * *

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LORENZO MEEKER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Connecticut Vols.

Brigadier General H. T. MORSE,

Adjutant-General, Connecticut.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain Sylvester H. Gray, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP RODMAN,

Morris Island, S. C., July 13, 1863.

COLONEL: The two companies under my command arrived at Saint Helena Island, S. C., on the morning after my leaving Augustine, about 7 a. m.

