
on the northern end of the island, and within range of its guns, and also those of Battery Gregg and Fort Sumter. The regiment was then halted under the protection of the sand-hills, and two companies were thrown out as picket to relieve as like number of the Sixth Connecticut, on the extreme front of our lines, and within about 400 yards of Fort Wagner. At dark of the same day, the whole regiment was moved to the reserve of the picket (about 1,000 yards from Fort Wagner), where they threw up slight entrenchments for their protection. We were the only regiment then at the front.

On the morning of the 11th instant at about 3 o'clock, an attempt was made to take Fort Wagner by assault. The assaulting party was composed principally of General Strong's brigade, while the Seventh New Hampshire was a part of the reserve occupying a position very near to that which the reserve of the picket had occupied during the day. The assault was unsuccessful. While the broken columns of the repulsed brigade retreated through the lines of the reserve, they stood firm under a heavy fire of grape, spherical, case, and solid shot, ready to repulse any attack which the enemy might attempt upon the retreating column. After the retreating column had passed, and it became evident the enemy did not intend an attack, the Seventh, with the remainder of the reserve, withdrew to a less exposed position, leaving four companies as picket.

During the day of the 11th, we occupied this last position, but at dark we advanced again to the point held the previous night, and three companies were ordered by Colonel Putnam to advance as pickets. They accordingly advanced a little beyond the point reached the previous night, drove in the enemy's pickets, and established our lines near where now is the frieze nearest to Fort Wagner. This point we held until daylight on the morning of the 12th, when we were relieved. During that time, we erected the first earthworks at the front, and threw up entrenchments, in which were ultimately our most advanced batteries. It is certainly true that to the steadiness and firmness of this regiment, thus for two days and nights holding the extreme front, the wearied army are indebted for its repose after great fatigue and desperate fighting.

On the morning of the 12th, on being relieved at the front, the regiment marched to the rear, and encamped north of the lookout, and two days after (July 14), removed still farther down, to a point below the lookout. On this day Colonel Putnam assumed command of the Second Brigade, Seymour's division, and the undersigned again took command of the regiment. From this time until the 18th, the regiment was subjected to heavy details for fatigue, and also again held the front for twenty-four hours.

On the morning of the 18th, at 9 o'clock. Putnam's brigade was put in line upon the broad beach. Commencing at the right, the brigade was composed as follows: Seventh New Hampshire, One hundredth New York, Sixty-seventh Ohio, and the Sixty-second Ohio. At about 12 o'clock our batteries and the fleet opened upon Fort Wagner, and the cannonade was continued, with little cessation, until near sunset, when it became evident that the fort would not be taken by bombardment, and it was determined to attempt it again by assault.

Strong's brigade was to lead, supported by Putnam's, with Stevenson's in the rear as a reserve. Each of these brigades thus stood upon the beach in close column, and thus, while twenty standards opened their folds, and 6,000 bayonets flashed in the rays of the departing sun, they moved up in solid mass toward the batteries, where

