
Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John McConihe, One hundred and sixty ninth New York Infantry.

FOLLY ISLAND, S. C.,

August 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with the within instructions - which instructions were returned to you, as per order received last evening - delivered to me by you, I most respectfully beg leave to report that I proceeded up the beach with the troops, consisting of Foster's brigade, with 100 men from Colonel Alford's brigade, as soon as they were landed on Morris Island, and made the necessary dispositions of them, in conformity with the said instructions.

Nothing worthy of note occurred during the night. With an occasional shot during the night and day from Forts Gregg and Sumter, and quite a heavy fire of shot and shell from Wagner, commencing at 3.15 a. m. and lasting until daylight, the hours rolled on.

The enemy's sharpshooters were quite annoying during the day, and it seemed impossible to drive them from their shelter. A force of sharpshooters - I believe there are but 2 within our trenches - would undoubtedly accomplish much toward silencing the enemy's sharpshooters.

During the forenoon, several teams entered and left Fort Wagner by way of the beach, unmolested by us, as our guns could not effectively be brought to bear upon them.

A large force of the enemy's troops could be plainly distinguished laboring on the south side, and about 200 yards from Battery Johnson. They seemed to be engaged in building a new and connecting earthwork with Battery Johnson.

Our casualties were 1 man - an artillerist - killed, he being shot through the head, while on duty, and 2 wounded by the rebel sharpshooters; 2 men received slight injuries from the enemy's shells, and 1 cannoneer had his right arm badly burned by the premature discharge of one of the Wiard guns.

I was duly relieved, and returned with my command to Folly Island last night.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCCONIHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Field Officer of the Trenches.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Report of Lieutenant Thomas E. Weber, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, Acting Signal Officer on Folly Island.

FOLLY ISLAND, S. C.,

September 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that, on the 10th day of June, 1863, I was ordered to report on Folly Island for signal duty. I immediately reported with 4 men to Lieutenant T. C. Vidal, who was

