
then senior officer on the island. After reporting to him, I was ordered to the tower, which is about 1 1/2 miles from the north end of Folly Island, to relieve the officer there in charge of that station. I kept up communication with headquarters from the ground, up to the 10th of July (the morning our batteries on Little Folly opened on the rebel works on Morris Island), when I was ordered to take my station on top of tower (some 125 feet high) and open communication with General Gillmore, who was at the tower, and General Strong, whose command was to land on Morris Island.

Immediately after our force had gotten possession of the south end of Morris Island, there was a station established, and I immediately opened communication with it. The following day there was a station established on the south end of Folly Island, and opened communication with me. The next day I opened communication with the forces on James Island under command of General Terry, thus having communication from headquarters, Morris Island, to James Island, to headquarters, Folly Island, and to the south end of Folly Island. I worked the station until the 9th day of August, when I received orders to report with men and baggage to the north end of Folly Island, to open communication with headquarters Morris Island.

Immediately upon arriving, I opened communication with headquarters Morris Island, and connected with the signal telegraph line which runs to the south end of Folly Island. The next day, I was instructed in the working of the telegraph machine. On the evening of the 16th, I received orders to report immediately to headquarters chief signal officer, Morris Island. Upon reporting there, I was ordered to report to Colonel Turner, chief of artillery, next morning at daylight, at the Beacon House, a short distance to the rear of the batteries, at which time the bombardment of Fort Sumter commenced. After reporting to him for signal duty, I opened communication with General Gillmore's headquarters, and with the batteries to our left. I kept up communication during the day, when at dark I was relieved and returned to the station at the north end of Folly Island, where I have been doing duty up to the present time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS E. WEBER,

Second Lieutenant 97th Pennsylvania Vols., Actg. Signal Officer.

Lieutenant F. E. TOWN,

Acting Chief Signal Officer, Department of the South.

Numbers 19. Reports of Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District, including operations July 8 - September 22.*

FORT SUMTER, July 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Colonel Yates telegraphs me: "Batteries gone. Colonel Graham is fighting them with infantry." Let three companies of Charleston Battalion come down at once, if possible. Have a light battery with a few horses sent, if you can. Hold some infantry in

---------------

* See also Ripley to Jordan, August 29, addenda to Beauregard's report, p. 96.

---------------

