
the distinguished services of Brigadier-General Taliaferro, who commanded the troops in Battery Wagner with great ability and gallantry, and repulsed the memorable assault of the 18th, and of the excellent conduct of Brigadier-Generals Hagood and Colquitt, as evinced in the attack on the enemy's position on the 16th. Besides these, Colonel Graham, Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers; Colonels Olmstead and Harrison, of the Georgia volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard, Charleston Battalion; Lieutenant-Colonel Yates, Captain J. C. Mitchel, Captain Lesesne, First South Carolina Artillery; Captains Chichester, Mathewes, Buckner, [W. J.] Dixon, and De Pass; Lieutenant-Colonel [D. B.] Harris, Captains [W. M.] Ramsey and [R. H.] Barnwell, engineers, deserve special consideration for their gallant and valuable services.

The signal corps, under Lieutenant [F.] Markoe, jr., have been actively employed, and that officer has reported Sergt. J. E. Edgerton and Privates W. S. Lance, E. H. Martin, W. D. Du Barry, A. Grimball, and F. K. Huger for their zeal and gallantry in performing their duties under the heavy and continuous fire of the enemy.

During this period of anxiety and activity, the officers serving upon the district staff have performed their duties in such manner as to enable me to rely with confidence upon their further exertions during the continuance of the contest. I feel it proper to refer with special commendation to Captain William F. Nance, assistant adjutant-general, whom I have more than once recommended for promotion, and whose services become steadily more valuable as they become more arduous.

I have also to express my satisfaction with the manner in which their respective and laborious duties have been discharged by Majs. Motte A. Pringle and C. H. Suber, quartermasters, and Captain C. C. Pinckney, ordnance officer. Captain B. H. Read, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant [J. M.] Schnierle, acting aide-de-camp, were present and actively engaged in the operations of the 16th. Lieutenants [H. H.] Rogers and [W. H.] Wagner, aides-de-camp, have been continuously employed.

I have to acknowledge the services of Major J. Motte Middleton and Captain Thomas D. Eason, upon my personal staff.

The limits of this report are such that it may be that many things are omitted which should be mentioned, to the credit of many meritorious officers, and these I will endeavor to mention in a supplement.

Accompanying are the reports of Colonel R. F. Graham, of the action of the 10th instant and of the assault on the morning of the 11th; of Brigadier-General Taliaferro, of the operations of the troops on Morris Island from the 13th to the 19th instant, inclusive; of Brigadier-General Hagood, of the engagement with the enemy's picket on James Island and with the Pawnee in the Stono; of Lieutenant Markoe, signal officer, and of all subordinate commanders.

I also inclose tabular lists of the killed, wounded, and missing,* and list of prisoners captured during the period covered by this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 406.

---------------

