
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 1, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department. I see but little to add to this clear and full report of recent operations in this quarters, submitted by the commanding general of the district, whose dispositions of troops and general conduct of the responsible duties intrusted to him, I beg to commend to the special notice of His Excellency the President.

In connection, however, with this relation of events between the 9th and 19th ultimo, I beg to call attention to my letters to the Secretary of War of May 10* and July 20,+ and one to General Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, dated June 15,# as containing information essential for a proper knowledge of the situation.

I beg, also, to express my high appreciation of the gallant conduct of the officers and men engaged, especially those mentioned by Brigadier-Generals Ripley and Taliaferro, and by subordinate commanders.

The conduct of Brigadier-General Taliaferro during the operations of July 18 and the assault on Battery Wagner that night cannot be too highly commended. Lieutenant Colonel D. B. Harris, chief engineer, present on that occasion, behaved in the emergency with conspicuous and characteristic coolness, energy, and professional skill. He aided materially to repulse the enemy.

Accompanying are the following papers, viz: Report of Brigadier-General Taliaferro and subordinate commanders, marked A@; report of Colonel R. F. Graham and subordinate commanders, marked B$; report of Lieutenant F. Markoe, jr., commanding signal corps, marked C; list of officers and men captured by our forces on Morris Island, marked D; papers relative to exchange of wounded prisoners, marked E, and list of negro prisoners, marked F.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 1ST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, July 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on last night the Twentieth South Carolina Regiment was sent to Battery Wagner, and the Sixth Georgia Regiment brought away with the Eighth North Carolina Regiment, which last was relieved the night before by the Fifty-first North Carolina Regiment, but was not removed from Morris Island on account of the late hour of the arrival of the steamer at Cumming's Point. Major F. F. Warley relieved Captain Chichester as chief artillery officer of the post.

The garrison at present consists of the Twentieth South Carolina Regiment; Fifty-first North Carolina Regiment; Company C, Lucas' battalion artillery; Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiment; Sixty-first North Carolina Regiment; Company G, [First] South Carolina Artillery; 30 light artillerists from [John F.] Wheaton's battery; detachment of [Thomas E.] Gregg's company, siege train for two siege howitzers, and 10 couriers.

---------------

* Of May 10 and 11. See Series I. Vol. XIV, pp. 932, 933.

+ See p. 57.

# See p. 55.

@ Numbers 23, p. 415.

$ Numbers 22, p. 413.

---------------

