
ferro that we must fight the fleet with sand - that the battery originally was only meant to defend against land approach. The battery must be held as long as possible; even twenty-four hours are important.

Respectfully, &amp; c.,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure F.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 24, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Morris Island:

(Through Brigadier General R. S. Ripley.)

GENERAL: The batteries designed to render Batteries Wagner and Gregg untenable by enemy if reduced not being completed, it has become exigent that those last batteries should be held to the last extremity. Wagner, being under guns of Sumter and Gregg, should be held by infantry and siege guns alone until its parapets and bomb-proofs are destroyed and no longer afford shelter against artillery. The general regards it almost improbable that another assault will be attempted. Furthermore, the evacuation of Wagner does not necessarily involve immediate abandonment of Gregg, which, with reduced garrison and sharpshooters filling the sand-hills between it and Wagner, may be held for several days longer. When obliged to quit either work, the guns must be thoroughly disabled by spiking, knocking off trunnions, cutting and burning carriages and bomb-proofs, and by blowing up the magazines and parapets. In view of the great improbability of an assault, may it not be well to reduce the garrison to a minimum to-morrow morning just about 2 o'clock?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 2, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that last night the steamer Chesterfield proceeded to Cumming's Point, having on board the Charleston Battalion, which was proceeding to the relief of the Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiment, and a quantity of ammunition, and a lot of sand-bags. She arrived, landed the Charleston Battalion, took on board the sick and wounded of the Fifty-fourth Georgia, and was proceeding to land her stores and take the regiment on board, then on its way from Fort Wagner, when a wooden gunboat from the enemy came within range and opened a heavy fire, driving the steamer from Cumming's Point to Fort Sumter. The captain and mate being ashore, of course the enemy having the range, it being a bright moonlight night, and the transport steamer being of the weakest kind, it was imprudent to expose her again that night. A portion of the cargo, which was not landed, was sent down in small boats, and the attempt will be made to receive the regiment to-night before the moon rises; but I beg respectfully to represent that unless some measures can be taken to prevent such impertinence on the part of

