
The garrison yesterday was -

1. Four companies Twentieth South Carolina Regiment.

2. Twenty-first South Carolina Regiment.

3. Charleston Battalion.

4. Nineteenth Georgia Regiment.

5. Company A, Second South Carolina Artillery.

6. Company E, Charleston Battalion (heavy artillery).

7. Detachment Charleston siege train.

8. Detachment Chatham Light Artillery.

The first, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth of these were relieved last night and others substituted. The garrison to-day is-

1. Twenty-first South Carolina Regiment (infantry).

2. Charleston Battalion (infantry).

3. Eighth North Carolina Regiment (infantry).

4. Captain Chichester's company (artillery).

5. Captain Mathewes' company (artillery).

6. Detachment Marion Artillery.

7. Detachment Charleston siege train (fresh).

Of these, only the Charleston Battalion will be relieved to-night by an equivalent infantry force. The garrison is about 1,200 men. General Hagood relieved Colonel Keitt, commanding, this morning early, and Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, of the Second South Carolina Artillery, relieved Major F. F. Warley, of the same regiment, in charge of the artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp; c.

FORT SUMTER, August 19, 1863 - 5.30 p. m.

GENERAL: Just intercepted enemy's dispatch that he intends to try Fort Sumter. A heavy fire will come in a few minutes. Have instructed Butler to open at once, at long range, with all his batteries. We intend to whip the admiral.

R. S. RIPLEY.

Brigadier-General JORDAN, Chief of Staff.

SUMTER, August 19, 1863 - 6.45 p. m.

Colonel Rhett sent up the colors, manned the batteries, fired two long-range 10-inch. I had Moultrie and other batteries in readiness, and the fleet is going out.

The dispatch intercepted was -

Colonel T----:

The admiral is going to try Sumter, and wants a brisk fire kept up until he gets in.

G----,

General.

The fire is brisk, but he don't appear to be coming in. I think the demonstration has sent them off for the time, but have ordered batteries to be in readiness. Let Whitney be on hand, if I don't get up, should anybody pass.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

General THOMAS JORDAN.

