
period of this report, have shown the qualities of constancy, bravery, and skill in the performance of their trying and arduous duties. The various officers attached to the staff of these commanders have performed their duties well, and I beg heartily to concur in the reports of their chiefs, heretofore transmitted to department headquarters.

Among those who deserve especial mention for their conduct in the defense of the posts on Morris Island, are: Lieutenant-Colonels Gaillard, Charleston Battalion; [O. M.] Dantzler, Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers, and [A. T.] Dargan, Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel J. Welsman Brown and Major Warley, Second South Carolina Volunteer Artillery; and Captain Chichester, Provisional Artillery. The latter has served several times with distinction.

Captain [C. S.] Hill, ordnance officer, attached to these headquarters, having been sent to Battery Wagner, remained during a very prolonged tour of duty, which was performed in such manner as to elicit the warmest approval of the different commanders.

Major Henry Bryan and Captain [P. K.] Molony, of the adjutant-general's department, are deservedly commended by Colonel Keitt and Brigadier-General Hagood.

Majors [E. L.] Holcombe and [R. S.] Gage, commissaries, and Captains [E. L.] Guerard and [T. W.] Woodward, quartermasters, have performed their duties, with their inefficient means, in such manner as to insure the supply of the positions of which they had charge.

The garrison of Fort Sumter, under Colonel Alfred Rhett and Major Ormsby Blanding, have stood to the defense of their castle with untiring fortitude and bravery. From the nature of the structure and the enemy's projectiles, the exposure during the period when subjected to fire has been great and extremely annoying, and yet every duty of repair and details has been carried on without interruption or undue delay. I refer generally to Colonel Rhett's reports for the mention of those subordinate officers who have distinguished themselves by good conduct; but in this connection I would mention the services of Lieutenant John Johnson, of the engineer corps, at Fort Sumter, before and during the siege, as evincing high talent and character in his profession as well as bravery and constancy.

Captains Harleston and Fleming deserve an especial mention for their continued and zealous services.

The staff officers attached to district headquarters have been constantly employed. Captain W. F. Nance, principal assistant adjutant-general, who has earned honorable mention on every occasion under my command, and several times been recommended for promotion, has performed every duty to my satisfaction. Major J. M. Middleton and Captain Ephraim M. Seabrook, volunteer aides-de-camp; Captain C. C. Pinckney, district ordnance officer, and Major Suber, district quartermaster, have been actively and usefully employed.

Major Motte A. Pringle, post quartermaster, and especially in charge of transportation, has been indefatigable night and day, with the small means at his disposal and which he could obtain, in forwarding stores and supplies and relieving troops during the whole of this period. In this duty he has been assisted greatly by the boats and crews of the Confederate Navy under charge of Lieutenants [W. H.] Ward, Hasker, and Payne.

I shall continue this report from this date, and have the honor to

