
at Sullivan's Island. A considerable quantity of artillery implements and 9,700 pounds of powder, with subsistence and other stores, were also shipped from that fort during the night.

The enemy opened heavily from his land batteries on Fort Sumter, at 6 a. m. on the 22nd, directing his fire as before - principally at the east face - and continued it throughout the day, throwing 604 shots, of which 203 struck outside, 216 struck inside, and 185 missed. The effect during the day was to disable the remaining barbette guns, except one 11 and 10-inch gun on the eastern face; demolish the arches of the northwest face, of which five and the terre-plein fell in, and scale the eastern face severely. One private was wounded.

While continuing the fire against Fort Sumter, at an early hour in the morning, two monitors opened upon Battery Wagner, shelling for about two hours, when they were replaced by the Ironsides, and she, again re-enforced by two other monitors, keeping up a heavy cannonade until about 2 o'clock, when they all withdrew. They all kept at long range, but had the effect of preventing a continued fire from the battery on the advancing works of the enemy, although it was kept up for about one hour and a half during the morning. The sharpshooters recommenced their fire as soon as the fleet withdrew. Battery Gregg returned the fire of the monitors until they were out of range, when the guns were turned upon the enemy's stockade and advance works, to which his land batteries replied. A flag of truce was sent by steamer Spaulding, with a communication from the commanding general and certain consuls to the enemy, during the evening. Batteries Simkins and Cheves kept up a continued fire upon the works of attack.

On the morning of the 23rd, at about 3.30, the enemy's iron-clad fleet came up the channel and engaged Fort Sumter at short distances firing 61 shots (of which 29 struck outside, 15 inside, and 17 missed), doing considerable damage to the eastern parapet and wall. The fire was replied to by the guns of Fort Sumter capable of service, and the proper signals having been made, Colonel [William] Butler, commanding artillery on Sullivan's Island, manned his batteries, and opened fire on the nearest monitor. A dense fog soon shut in, however, which prevented effective practice at so small a mark. From Fort Moultrie the firing was only kept up by throwing shell, to interrupt any reconnaissance which the enemy might make of the obstructions, until about 6.30 a. m., when the fog rose and the enemy retired after receiving a few shots.

At Battery Wagner during the night all the damages which had been done to the battery were repaired; but, notwithstanding a constant fire from the advanced pickets, the enemy succeeded during the night in pushing his sap about 40 yards. At an early hour in the morning, however, General Hagood opened upon him with three guns, and succeeded in interfering with his work almost entirely during the day, and seriously injuring what had been accomplished during the night. The enemy's land batteries opened upon Wagner in the morning and afternoon, but gave their heaviest fire during the day to Sumter. The Ironsides attacked about 7 o'clock, but, being replied to by Battery Gregg and the sea front of Wagner, she retired after about an hour and a half. One of her boats (a fine launch) was cut away, secured by volunteers from the garrison, and sent to the city of Charleston, where it has since been employed in transport service. At about 12 o'clock, a flag of truce came in from

