
the enemy, with a communication for the commanding general and foreign consuls.

The casualties at Battery Wagner during the day were 7 wounded, among whom was the gallant and distinguished Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard, the commander of the Charleston Battalion, who lost his left hand while in the faithful and unflinching discharge of his duty.

The fire from the enemy's land batteries was kept on Sumter during the whole day, throwing 633 shot and shell, of which 282 struck outside, 210 inside, and 141 missed. The effect was to disable the 10-inch columbiad remaining and the three rifled 42-pounders in the northern salient of the second tier. The eastern face was very badly scaled and the parapet seriously injured. The flag-staff was twice shot away, but the flag each time immediately replaced.

The casualties in Fort Sumter were 7 wounded, including Lieutenants [S. Cordes] Boylston, [Eldred S.] Fickling, and Scanlan, severely, and Private [Henry] Davis, Company C, mortally.

The enemy opened with Parrott guns on Fort Johnson during the day, annoying working parties to some extent. Batteries Cheves and Simkins kept up their regular fire upon his land approaches against Battery Wagner, and upon his marsh battery at night; but nevertheless, at about midnight the enemy opened upon the city of Charleston with a heavy Parrott rifled gun, and upon Battery Cheves with a mortar. The damage, however, was slight, and the rifled gun having either burst or been struck on its muzzle by a shot from our batteries, ceased its practice from that time.

On the morning of the 24th, fire was opened upon Sumter from the land batteries, but only 150 shots were thrown during the day, having principally the effect of scaling and damaging the eastern scarp, making one or two penetrations in the lower casemates, which were speedily filled up with sand-bags. No casualties occurred at Sumter.

At Battery Wagner, the work of repair and preparation went on during the day, and a mortar practice was kept up against the enemy's working parties. Direct fire was also opened whenever practicable, but it was ordinarily of short continuance, owing to the surpassing accuracy of the enemy's practice against the embrasures, rendering great care necessary to preserve the pieces. Sharpshooters were busily engaged on both sides.

Batteries Simkins, Cheves, and Haskell were engaged from time to time in firing upon the enemy's advance during the day and night. The Nineteenth Georgia Regiment relieved the Charleston Battalion during the evening of the 24th.

August 25, the enemy had commenced building another battery in the marsh south of that from which he opened fire upon the city. Fire was opened upon it from Simkins and Cheves, but soon discontinued, circumstances showing it to be a sham. The practice against Fort Sumter commenced about 9.30 o'clock, and continued throughout the 25th. One hundred and seventy-five shot and shell were thrown, of which 62 struck outside and 36 inside. The damage was only to increase the debris and explode an ammunition chest. There were no casualties.

At Battery Wagner, the enemy was unusually quiet, firing but few of his land batteries, until about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when he opened an incessant fire from his mortars upon the fort and the space between it and the rifle-pits. Toward evening, he was observed from the observatories in the city to be accumulating forces in his works of attack, and orders were sent to Batteries Cheves and

