
Simkins and Fort Moultrie to open upon them. Soon after dark, he advanced upon the rifle-pits in front of Wagner, but General Hagood's forces were, fortunately, prepared to receive him. His mortar practice ceased and his infantry assaulted fiercely, but the position was held with courage and spirit, and success crowned the efforts of the brave men of the Sixty-first North Carolina and Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiments, who constituted the advanced pickets and reserve. The latter regiment had been on duty during the day and had just been re-enforced by the Sixty-first going to its relief under Colonel [W. S.] Devane.

Captain [A. S.] Roberts, of the Fifty-fourth, a gallant soldier, was mortally wounded. The casualties were 5 killed and 19 wounded.

Colonel [George P.] Harrison, [jr.,] of the Thirty-second Georgia, relieved Brigadier-General Hagood in command of the forces on

Morris Island, at 10 o'clock on the evening of the 25th, Lieutenant Colonel J. Welsman Brown relieving Major Warley as chief of artillery.

Twelve thousand pounds of powder, a large quantity of ammunition and material, were transported from Fort Sumter during the night. Companies C and F, of the First Regiment of Artillery, were transferred to the new batteries near Fort Johnston, their places being supplied by 150 men from Brigadier-General Colquitt's brigade.

The enemy commenced against Fort Sumter at 6 a. m. on the 26th, but his fire was inexact and slow, doing but little damage except increasing the debris. The garrison and laborers were employed in repairing damages. A quantity of 10-inch shells were shipped during the night, with other ammunition.

At Battery Wagner, Colonel Harrison kept up an irregular fire during the night of the 25th, and also during the day, but several of his guns were badly damaged and his supply of ammunition, from deficiency of transportation and other causes, not full. The enemy returned the fire from a number of guns, generally giving four shots to one, and about the middle of the afternoon increased the cannonade against Wagner and Gregg. About 5 o'clock he concentrated all his fire on Battery Wagner and the rifle-pits. Meanwhile, massing his troops in his works of attack just before dark, he threw forward an overwhelming force on the advanced pickets, notwithstanding the fire of Batteries Simkins, Gregg, and Cheves, and succeeded in overpowering them before they could be supported, capturing the greater number. He attempted to advance beyond the rifle-pits, but having exploded three torpedoes and being received by a warm fire from Wagner, his advance was checked for the time.

The Sixty-first North Carolina Regiment and the artillery detachments on duty at Morris Island were to be relieved during the night by the Eighth North Carolina and other detachments of artillery from their respective regiments. Upon the enemy's attack, the relieving party was strengthened by the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers, and Colonel Harrison was ordered to retain the troops to be relieved.

During the night, the enemy had recourse again to his regular approaches, and succeeded in making some progress. At dawn of the 27th, he was opened upon by Battery Wagner, which was replied to by the enemy's Parrott guns, making it impracticable to use our imperfect artillery with good effect. The sharpshooters were kept at work, and at dark the artillery was renewed.

