
Brigadier General A. H. Colquitt relieved Colonel Harrison in command of the island at 12 o'clock on the night of the 27th.

The enemy's operations against Fort Sumter consisted only in throwing 4 shots at the flag. The garrison was employed in stopping breaches and embrasures. During the night, a 9-inch Dahlgren gun and a 10-inch columbiad were thrown from the walls, to be transported by a party under Mr. J. Fraser Mathewes. The Dahlgren gun was brought to the city, with a large quantity of implements and ammunition.

The enemy was very quiet during the 28th, throwing only 6 shots at Sumter. The tides had apparently damaged come of his works, which he was engaged in repairing. He continued his advance by his regular approaches on Morris Island, in which he was retarded by the artillery fire from Batteries Gregg, Simkins, Cheves, and Haskell, and the infantry fire from Battery Wagner, during the day and night. At Fort Sumter, a 9-inch Dahlgren gun was thrown over the parapet, but badly injured in the fall. The 10-inch columbiad, sent down the night before with a large supply of ammunition, was shipped. No casualties occurred. The Sixty-first North Carolina Regiment was relieved from Battery Wagner.

No firing occurred against Sumter on the 29th. During the night, Company D, of the First South Carolina Artillery, was sent to Charleston, being replaced by 50 men of General Colquitt's brigade. A 7-inch Brooke gun and a 42-pounder (rifled) were thrown from the parapet. The Brooke gun and a large quantity of miscellaneous ammunition and implements were shipped.

On Morris Island, the enemy were engaged in strengthening their works, annoyed and retarded by the fire from the batteries on James Island and Fort Johnson and from Fort Moultrie, which, although at a great range, was reported by General Colquitt as quite effective. The guns at Battery Wagner did good service. An irregular fire was kept up on both sides. No serious damage was done to Wagner, but the 9-inch Dahlgren gun at Battery Gregg was dismounted.

During the evening, Lieutenant [James] Randle, aide-de-camp to General Colquitt, a highly distinguished and meritorious young officer, received a very severe and dangerous wound.*

The Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiment was relieved, as well as artillery detachments, by the Thirty-second Georgia and other troops, during the night.

On the morning of the 30th, the enemy opened a rapid fire from four guns on Fort Sumter, wounding 4 men, throwing about the debris, and disabling the three 10-inch columbiads on the sea face which had been repaired. This was kept up until about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and by that time there of the casemate arches on the northeast face had been demolished, and two breaches made in the scarp-wall of the eastern face, exposing the sand with which the arches were filled.

On Morris Island the enemy was quietly engaged in driving his sap, in which he was opposed by the James Island batteries and Wagner, and attempted a new approach on the left, but was compelled to desist. During the day, but little firing took place, except from sharpshooters; but at evening a brisk mortar practice was commenced on Battery Wagner, and a fire from Parrott guns on Battery Gregg, apparently to cut off supplies and the relieving troops. These were sent down in the steamer Sumter; the naval

---------------

* Died September 21, 1863.

---------------

