
yielded to your courage and patient labor. Its walls are now crumbled to ruins, its formidable batteries are silenced, and, though a hostile glad still floats over it, the fort is a harmless and helpless wreck.

Forts Wagner and Gregg-works rendered memorable by their protracted resistance, and the sacrifice of life they have cost-have also been wrested from the enemy by your preserving courage and skill, and the graves of your fallen comrades rescued from desecration and contumely.

You now hold in undisputed possession the whole of Morris Island, and the city and harbor of Charleston lie at the mercy of your artillery, from the very spot where the first shot was fired at your country's flag, and the rebellion itself was inaugurated.

To you-the officers and soldiers of this command-and to the gallant navy which has co-operated with you, are due the thanks of your commander and your country. You were called upon the encounter untold privations and dangers; to undergo unremitting and exhausting labors; to sustain severe and dishereatening reverses. How nobly your patriotism and zeal have responded to the call, the results of the campaign will show and your commanding general gratefully bears witness.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 3. Reports of Lieutenant Franklin E. Twosn, Forty-second New York Infantry, Chief Signal Officer.

HILTON HEAD, S. C.,

June 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this signal party, during the month ending this day, which report will also include the time from the 29th of May, upon which day I was announced as chief signal officer, Department of the South.

Since I took charge of it, this party has been reduced in numerical efficiency by the following changes:

Since the last semi-monthly return made by Captain [Henry S.] Tafft, 6 officers and 8 flagmen have been transferred to the Department of North Carolina. Four officers and 7 flagmen have been ordered to the Department of North Carolina, to be mustered out of service with their regiments.

Lieutenant [Thomas P.] Rushby has been permitted to repair to New York and await orders.

Lieutenant Hamner has been commissioned and mustered a captain in the Third Rhosed Island Artillery, and applied to be relieved from signal duty, and upon my request has been by the general commanding temporarily suspended from signal duty pending action upon his application.

Two officers, Lieutenants [Milton M.] Fenner and [William] Reynolds, have returned from leave of absence, and 2 flagmen have returned at expiration of their furloughs. Lieutenant Fenner has received an appointment in the navy as assistant surgeon, and has tendered his resignation in consequence. Lieutenant Reynolds is sick, and will not be able to do duty for some time.

