
and 2 officers (Captain [G. A.] Wardlaw and Lieutenant [D. B.] De Saussure), and 14 men were wounded at Fort Moultrie.

Having met with little success in the cannonade on Sullivan's Island batteries the enemy's naval commander next made an attempt to obtain possession of Fort Sumter, and about 1 o'clock on the morning of the 9th attacked that fort with a fleet of from thirty to forty barges. Major Elliott caused his fire to be reserved until the enemy was within a few yards of the southern and eastern faces, upon which the landing was attempted. He was then received with a close fire of musketry; hand-grenades, and fragments of the epaulement were thrown over on the heads of his men, demoralizing and completely repulsing him. The crews near shore sought refuge in the recesses and breaches in the scarp, and those at a distance turned and pulled rapidly away. The gunboat Chicora, Fort Moultrie, and the Sullivan's Island batteries, and Fort Johnson, opened a fire, enfilanding the faces of Fort Sumter, as soon as the signal was made, cutting up the retreating barges, of which several were seen floating, capsized and disabled the next morning. Major Elliott succeeded in securing 5 boats, 5 stand of colors, 12 officers, and 109 men, including 2 officers and 17 [men] wounded. The prisoners reported the attacking force about 400 strong, but it was probably much larger, and the enemy's los was undoubtedly much heavier than that portion which fell into our hands and under our observation. Among the captured colors was a worn and torn garrison flag, reported by some of the prisoners as being that which Major [Robert] Anderson was permitted to take from the fort, on the occasion of his being compelled to surrender in April, 1861. This had been brought to hoist on the fort and to be made the subject of boast had the assault succeeded. Whether it was really the flag in question or not, it would doubtless have been so announced. As the attempt was a disastrous repulse, it has been stated, I am informed, by certain officers of the enemy that the flag is not the identical standard; but the evidence is such that I believe that it is, notwithstanding testimony coming from that quarter. With the four others, it has been transmitted to headquarters. No casualties occurred on our side.

Early in the day, the commander of the enemy's fleet sent in a flag of truce, to tender assistance to his wounded, and probably to gain information, but his offers were declined. During the evening of the 9th and the 10th, the prisoners, both whole and wounded, were brought to the city, and have since been sent into the interior.

From the 10th, active operations of hostility on the part of the enemy have ceased. His working parties, however, have been busily engaged upon Morris Island, at Batteries Wagner and Gregg and intermediate points, and on Black Island, evidently preparing for a prosecution of the siege by long-range fire upon Sullivan's Island, James Island, and the harbor. Our batteries have been kept in such activity as the necessities of the case required, and the state of our ammunition and armament permitted, with the effect of retarding his operations.

The above report has given the principal events of the siege from August 20 to the present date, as they have occurred. For other details, I have to refer to the reports of subordinate commanders, heretofore and herewith transmitted to the headquarters of the department. During the period of thirty days included in the report, the forces under my command have been increased by the arrival of the brigades of Brigadier-Generals Evans and Anderson, the former

