
of which has been stationed in Christ Church Parish, and the latter has re-enforced Brigadier-General Taliaferro's command upon James Island.

The preparations for repulsing the attack of the enemy on the city by the batteries of the interior lines have been steadily progressed with and the troops held in readiness to meet the enemy at such points as he should develop an attack. Curtailed as were are in transportation it has been impossible to attempt the offensive, except by artillery, with troops in force.

A gallant endeavor to attack the Ironsides was, however, made on the night of the 21st by Captain James Carlin, in charge of a stream torpedo-boat, in which he proceeded down the channel through the enemy's fleet, and struck the frigate. Unfortunately, the current and other causes prevented a direct collision, and having been discovered the attempt was for the time abandoned, Captain Carlin making good his retreat into the harbor under a heavy fire from the Ironsides and other vessels.

In closing the report, I have to express my appreciation of the conduct of Brigadier-Generals Hagood and Colquitt and Colonels Keitt and Harrison, who have during this portion of the siege commanded our forces on Morris Island. Generals Hagood and Colquitt, as each detail came round, accepted the arduous command with alacrity, and held their post with constancy during their command.

Colonel L. M. Keitt, who relieved Brigadier-General Colquitt toward the termination of the siege, held his command until the last extremity, when he was relieved by orders from superior authority, and brought off his troops with eminent success from an insular position, in the immediate proximity of an overwhelming land and naval force of the enemy, under a mortar practice almost unparalleled in its severity.

Colonel Alfred Rhett, commanding Fort Sumter, and Major Ormsby Blanding, First South Carolina Artillery, deserve especial consideration for their conduct and the manner in which the post was held during the cannonade of Fort Sumter. Colonel Rhett remained until relieved and the last artillery soldier had been detached from the fort.

Colonel William Butler and the officers and men of his regiment have performed their duties in charge of the batteries on Sullivan's Island in such a manner as to inspire confidence in their will and ability to repulse the future attacks which may be made against them.

Lieutenant-Colonel [J. A.] Yates, Major Edward Manigault, Captains [J. C.] Mitchel and [W. W.] Billopp, commanding the batteries on James Island bearing upon Morris Island and the enemy's approaches, have been untiring in their efforts.

The gallant conduct of Major Stephen Elliott, jr., commanding Fort Sumter, and the Charleston Battalion, under Major Julius A. Blake, constituting the garrison in repulsing the attack of the enemy's barges on the morning of the 9th, is especially to be commended.

I must refer to the reports of subordinate commanders for the names of those officers who have distinguished themselves by good conduct, which want of space and time prevents my mentioning in this, and beg to express my hearty concurrence in their recommendations.

Brigadier-Generals, Taliaferro and Clingman, in command on James Island and Sullivan's Island, have held troops in constant readiness for service, and by prompt management of details from

