
their respective commands, have assisted no little in enabling the service on Morris Island to continue to the full length of the siege.

I have to renew my approval of the conduct of Captain William F. Nance, principal assistant adjutant-general attached to these headquarters and for the fourth time to recommend him for promotion, long since earned by faithful and devoted service as well as gallantry in the field.

Captain B. H. Read, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants [H. H.] Rogers and [W. H.] Wagner, aides-de-camp; Captain E. M. Seabrook, volunteer aide-de-camp and Lieutenant [W. C.] Simmons, C. S. Army, have all been well and actively engaged during this period.

Lieuts. W. G. McCabe and T. H. Smith, Provisional Artillery, have been, during the time mentioned, on duty under direct orders from these headquarters, and have performed it to my full satisfaction.

Captain C. C. Pinckney and Lieutenant [W. H.] Seabrook, ordnance officers have fulfilled their difficult duties to the extent of the material at their disposal.

Major Motte A. Pringle, post quartermaster, upon whom the trying and difficult duties of transportation have principally devolved, has performed them with energy and fidelity.

Major C. H. Suber, district quartermaster and Major N. W. Smith, district paymaster, have been diligent and attentive in furnishing the supplies demanded from them.

The medical staff at the different posts have distinguished themselves by their attention to the sick and wounded. I refer to the reports of subordinate commanders and of the chief medical officers for the names of those who deserve special mention and consideration.

I also desire to acknowledge the valuable services rendered by the officers and men of the Palmetto State and Chicora, in assisting in the removal of the troops from Morris Island.

Accompanying this report, I have the honor to transmit, in addition to the subordinate reports* already sent forward, Major Elliott's report of the repulse on the night of the 8th instant; the reports of battery commanders and of Colonel William Butler, commanding artillery on Sullivan's Island, of the action of the 8th instant; lists of killed, wounded, and missing, during the period covered by this report, list of ordnance on Morris Island, and special reports in the cases of Lieutenant Johnson of the engineer corps, and Lance-Sergeant [F. K.] Huger, of the signal corps.

I have the honor to be several very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

*These documents, as far as found, are inserted as reports on the events to which they relate.

---------------

