
That this gun should have been thus practically spiked for two days without attracting the attention of Colonel Yates, who put it up, or the artillerist in charge, is not creditable.

Left salient. - One 8-inch siege howitzer and one 42-pounder carronade, in good order in charge of Captain Smith's siege train.

Curtain of land face. - Two 8-inch navy shell guns and two 32-pounder navy guns, Mathewes' artillery; all in good order, excepting the tongue of the chassis of the 8-inch navy gun to the right. This was struck behind the end of the rails by a shell and much splintered. Splinters will be cut off and the same tongue continued to be used though weak. It would be well to cut out the splintered part and let in a new piece of wood with bolts.

Left flank of right half bastion. - Two 32-pounder carronades, one 8-inch siege howitzer; in serviceable order; Gist Guards in charge. One 32-pounder carronade right gorge overlooking creek, in charge of Gist Guards, reported serviceable, but the elevating screw does not fit well. One 10-inch light sea-coast mortar, in advanced angle of right half bastion in charge of Gist Guards. This is on an inferior old-fashioned bed. There is a slight split in its right cheek and a very bad split in the upper section of left cheek.

I recommend that this last section be taken out and sent to the arsenal and another made there by the pattern thus provided to replace it. The right cheek could be then strengthened by a bolt, and the mortar used for slow firing. This is Colonel Brown's opinion. In the meantime, another carriage should be supplied.

Ordnance. - I found Captain Charles S. Hill, chief ordnance officer, assisted at Battery Wagner by Lieutenant [S. A.] Ashe. Captain Hill's magazines were well arranged particularly those on the sea face, which would pass well in peace time.

Numbers 3. on land face was more crowded. Captain Hill has thus done good service in bringing order out of partial confusion, and has been ably assisted by Acting Ordnance Sergeant Leathe. Captain Hill has not yet taken any reliable inventory of stores in the fort, but reported as follows of Battery Wagner:

Large surplus of canister and grape; good supply of 10-inch and shell, but more ought to be prepared and continually supplied as used. Good supply of cartridges, fuses, and small-arms ammunition. Good friction tubes are needed; 32-pounder shell are much needed and have been repeatedly asked for. The 8-inch guns are fairly supplied. Many lost stores were found in cleaning out magazines. One brass quadrant, one fuse saw, and more oil are needed.

I recommend that Captain Hill, and all succeeding ordnance officers, be required to furnish accurate returns of stores on hand, as it can certainly be done if decent ordnance sergeants are provided them. He should have an agent at Cumming's Point, to regulate and report the debarkation and shipment of all ordnance stores.

Engineers. - Mr. [William] Hume, at Wagner, seemed active, but his labor insufficient. General Hagood has directed his chief attention to the repair and erection of infantry banquettes to the front and rear parapet. The left columbiad chamber had been strengthened and the damages of yesterday's shelling repaired.

Mr. [William] Tennent [jr.], in charge of Cumming's Point, repairing damages, seemed wearied out, and said the labor furnished him had been generally insufficient, the soldiers often working badly particularly the Nineteenth Georgia during Colonel Keitt's command. I do not think that Colonel Keitt was informed of it.

