
If the commanding general expects much work done rapidly under present system, he will be much disappointed.

Commissary department. - I heard no complaint. Major [E. L.] Holcombe, at Cumming's Point, is in charge, and Acting Sergeant Bonds has the stores at Battery Wagner in good order. This man deserves credit for long and valuable services at Battery Wagner, refusing to be relieved.

Quartermaster's department. - Captain E. L. Guerard, assistant quartermaster at Cumming's Point, in charge is an efficient officer. He has three two-horse wagons employed, which can haul about 600 pounds each.

Medical department. - The surgeon, of hospital at Battery Wagner reports assorted medicines needed. A box with medicines for this hospital was robbed on the way of nearly everything. Supply otherwise fair.

Incidents. - The enemy have a telegraph line and plank road in front of Battery Wagner. Captain Lesesne reports that the enemy from the land opened on Battery Gregg at 4.30 p.m. with a 200-pounder Parrott about 3,100 yards off throwing a bolt of truncated cone shape, which tore the work badly wherever it struck.

General Hagood, informed me that he could not use his land guns last evening because he could not fire their loads of grape without endangering his pickets. On careful examination, however, I found that one 8-inch siege howitzer one 32-pounder gun, and one 8-inch shell gun could be used with shell.

General Hagood, and Colonel Brown and Captain Molony, of his staff, gave me every facility.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Inspector-General.

Colonel ROMAN,

Assistant Inspector-General.

P. S. - The smooth 32 replaced by rifled, 32, not mounted.

[Indorsements.]

NOTE. - This report was read at General Ripley and Captain Nance, who took notes and was ordered by General R. to have all deficiencies supplied and defects corrected as indicated.

T. J. [Jordan.]

AUGUST 10, 1863

Colonel Roman will have a subsequent inspection made, to see whether matters have amended.

T. J. [Jordan.]

CHARLESTON, August 24, 1863.

COLONEL: I beg leave to inform you that I have been told that there is so me demoralization among the troops on Morris Island.

I am inclined to think that this proceeds from a feeling that Sumter will fall and their retreat will be cut off. If this supposition be correct the tone of these troops would probably be improved by an assurance that preparations had been made to remove them whenever an evacuation would be proper.*

---------------

*Prepare a short address to the troops in Sumter and Morris Island.

---------------

G. T. B. [Beauregard.]

