
I would respectfully recommend that another field howitzer be sent to Battery Wagner to be kept near the commissary building and used to sweep the beach in case of an assault at low tide. The 2 howitzers now on the flank curtain would probably direct their fire on moat and toward the angle of the front salient.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BRYAN,

Major, and Assistant Inspector-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ROMAN.

Numbers 22. Reports of Colonel Robert F. Graham, Twenty-First South Carolina Infantry, commanding on Morris Island, July 10-14

MORRIS ISLAND, July 12, 1863.

(Received 8.50 p.m.)

The enemy are rapidly removing their artillery from Little Folly to Morris Island.

R. F. GRAHAM.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT JOHNSON,July 18, 1863

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the report of the engagement on Friday, the 10th instant, by which the Abolitionists gained possession of the works on Morris Island south of Battery Wagner.

I was aware that an attack was shortly to be made on Morris Island, by the unmasking of extensive works on Little Folly Island on Thursday morning, and also by the arrival of four iron-clad monitors off the bar which was reported to district headquarters and re-enforcements asked for.

On Friday the 10th instant, the engagement began by the batteries on Little Folly Island opening with a terrific fire before sunrise on the works at the south end of Morris Island, and soon after by the iron-clads from the sea on the left, and several barges with howitzers in Light-House Creek on the right. The fire was gallantly replied to by the artillerists, under the immediate command of Captain [J. C.] Mitchel. The infantry force was immediately formed and put in position to resist a landing at Oyster Point, and placed under the command of Major [George W.] McIver, Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers. This force consisted of the Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers, numbering about 400 men, and a detachment of Company D, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry [Third Artillery], numbering about 40 men, under the command of Captain [C. T.] Haskell [jr..].

---------------

*Two additional howitzers were ordered after my last tour of inspection. Have they been sent?

---------------

G. T. B. [Beauregard.]

