
The whole garrison remained under arms during the night, and a picket force of 150 men, under the command of Major Rion, was sent in advance of the battery. Fearing an attack at daylight, I had the garrison aroused and put in position. The First Georgia, Eighteenth Battalion, and detachment First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry [Third Artillery], were placed on the left, the Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers in the center, and the Twelfth Georgia Battalion and Seventh South Carolina Battalion on the right.

At the dawn of day, the pickets warned us of the approach of the enemy. Three volleys were fired into the approaching enemy, and the whole picket force retired into the fort without loss. The enemy advanced in two columns one on the beach and the other on the island. I allowed them to get within a short distance of the works, and gave the word "Fire." A few of the front line reached the parapet. The rest fled in confusion, and when the smoke cleared away they were out of sight. Those who reached the parapet never returned.

I sent out a party who returned with over 130 prisoners. Ninety-seven were left dead in front of the battery. We buried over 100. The burying party was driven in by the sharpshooters of the enemy when they attempted to go beyond the mound in front of the battery. Many of their killed still by beyond that point, so I cannot properly estimate their loss.

My loss was 1 officer killed and 5 privates, 1 officer wounded and 5 privates, all from the Georgia troops.*

The whole garrison stood to their posts firmly, without flinching.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. GRAHAM,

Colonel Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers, Commanding

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23. Reports of Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro, C. S. Army, commanding on Morris Island, July 14-19 and 22-26, and afterward on James Island.
HEADQUARTERS MORRIS ISLAND,July 14, 1863-2 p.m.

GENERAL: I have assumed command at this point.

Colonel Graham reports the enemy at work, throwing up works for siege guns on a line with Hospital Hill, out of effective range of our guns.

They (the enemy) have not opened with heavy guns to-day. Two guns are reported in position on Gregg's Hill, and mortar batteries at the foot of the hill. The enemy's sharpshooters have advanced very near our works and killed 1 man, with a rifle. I will drive them off to-night and throw up rifle-guns. I am greatly in need of couriers. Will you send some cavalry to relieve the party now here, say, 15 men (mounted)? I have not had time to examine into the engineer,

---------------

*See p. 406.

---------------

