
MORRIS ISLAND,

July 23, 1863. - 7.45 p.m.

CAPTAIN: No gun was fired on either side to-day. I did not open because of the importance of working. The enemy have been very busy at work all day erecting batteries by Graham's house. They are throwing up traverses to shield them from the James Island batteries.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRIS ISLAND,

July 24, 1863. - 11.45 a.m.

GENERAL: The enemy's land batteries are so near that they will soon dismount our land-face guns. The 10-inch gun is disabled. I think the garrison should be withdrawn to-night. Will you provide boats? When?

TALIAFERRO.

General R. S. RIPLEY.

Extract from daily reports* of Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro, C. S. Army, commanding on James Island, August 1-September 8, 1863.

August 1, 9 p.m.- All the guns that have been ordered from the lines on James Island have been put in position on the eastern front. We are ready for other guns that are to be sent to Battery Haskell.

August 3, 4.40 p.m.- No changes on part of the enemy in front. No demonstrations of landing on this island. General Hagood, commanding east lines, reports; Battery Haskell wanting cartridges for 8-inch gun; two mortars not effective mounted; place ready for two other mortars and another columbiad.

Battery Cheves, one gun being mounted and battery ready for balance. Traverse circles and carriages and some guns not arrived.

James Battery, one gun ready to be mounted.

Battery Simkins all right, except scarcity of shells.

Enemy have been at work in marsh between Morris and Black Islands. Cannot tell object.

August 4. - I have spent several days, in company with General Hagood, in making minute reconnaissance of this island.

I have the honor to report, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding that as a result I have come to the conclusion that when the enemy again appear upon this island they will endeavor to force their way through to the eastern lines at a point known as the Artillery Cross-Roads, or from that point to the point called Freer's Cross-Roads.

I found that General Hagood had determined to meet them at those points, and, if necessary, to retire upon the reserve line of works. The line, therefore, from Freer's Cross-Roads to the Artillery Cross-Roads, and bending then around toward Battery Reid,

---------------

*Dated at Royal's house, and addressed to Captain William F. Nance, assistant adjutant-general.

---------------

