
August 25, 12.50 p.m. - Major Glover reports another marsh battery west of the old one, in course of construction. I will endeavor to interrupt the work and destroy it. It may be that it is part of a system extending to Black Island. If so, as our guns at Haskell cannot bear on new battery or Black Island, it is important to have additional and heavy guns at Ryan and Redoubt Numbers 1. I have sent for Colonel [A. J.] Gonzales to report to me the number and kind needed, and will forward report immediately.

August 27. - I have the honor to submit for the information of the brigadier-general commanding, a brief statement of the condition of affairs on this island, and to make certain suggestions, to which I invite his attention.

When I first assumed command here, my attention was chiefly directed to the condition of the defense covering an attack from the southern end of the island by approaches from the Stono River and I submitted a report of the condition of the lines, exterior and interior, calling attention to their great length, as well as to certain points of weakness; to the insufficient communications, and the consequent necessity of a large command to occupy them, &amp;c.

Since this report was forwarded, the commanding general has directed that a new of defenses, with the right resting on the Stono, below Dill's, and the left at Fort Lamar (Secessionville), shall be constructed, thus greatly shortening the lines, merging what is called the western in the eastern lines, rendering the communications secure and complete, and requiring a much smaller force to hold and defend them.

Orders were issued to the engineers to push these lines; to abandon all improvement of the old lines, directing their entire labor to the completion of the new lines.

The only difficulty about this was that the enemy might land on the Stono before the new lines were completed, and before the improvements of the old lines could be made. I have, to the extent that I was able with the limited number of tools at my command, endeavored to remedy this by working details of soldiers on the old lines.

Until the new lines are completed, the dispositions of the troops must be done with reference to the old, and I will, for the information of the brigadier-general, and for his better understanding of my subsequent suggestions, state their present disposition.

Cavalry pickets and vedettes are thrown down the Stono to the extreme southern end of the island, a heavy infantry picket force below Grimball's on the Stone to Secessionville and, for the purpose of protecting the new works from being observed in any gunboat reconnaissance, a picket of five pieces of artillery (four Blakely and one 10-pounder Parrott gun), supported by two companies of infantry, has been established in a masked battery not far above Grimball's. To maintain these pickets, and as reserves to support them, I have established with a battery of light pieces, the Thirty-second Georgia Regiment and one battalion of the Twenty-fifth South Carolina on the exterior lines, from Freer's Cross-Roads to Artillery Cross-Roads, under the general charge of Colonel Simonton, and I do not think a smaller force could be made to answer the purpose. On the western lines, the works are manned by companies of Lieutenant-Colonel White's battalion, but the force is inadequate, and Fort Pemberton by Lucas' battalion. Impressed with the weakness of these lines, and especially of the salient angle in the lines

