
if bomb-proofs are not practicable, owing to the pressure at this time; that covered ways be constructed from the camps of the infantry supports to the batteries and that the camps of the supports, as well as the regiments held in reserve, be protected by traverses from a fire of the enemy from Morris or Black Island; that a line of rifle-pits be constructed from the wharf at Fort Johnson to or nearly to, Battery Cheves, along the margin of the marsh, and that a covered way, sufficient to protect the horses of a light battery, be constructed from the camps of the Fort Johnson support to the point of the island commanding directly the strip of sand known as Shell Point.

A landing is practicable on this neck of land, and, whilst the Cheves Battery commands it in the day, at night it would be difficult to bring the guns from this point to play upon it.

It is proper to state that the guns of Fort Johnson cannot be traversed so as to bear south of Battery Gregg, and have no command of this beach, being designed for the defense of the harbor.

A light battery, having direct fire along this line of beach, with another, enfilading from a point nearer the present position, of the Brooke gun, and supported by infantry in rifle-pits, would, I think, be able to repulse any number who could land upon this point, and I regard it of the greatest consequence that these works should be executed without delay. I would also urge that, if possible, bomb-proofs for the artillerists, and at least one regiment of infantry, be erected at Fort Johnson.

I would, in connection with this line, call the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the importance of adding (if consistent with the ability of the ordnance department to furnish them) additional guns to Batteries Haskell and Ryan. It has been expected that guns taken from Fort Sumter, would be mounted at these points, but it has not been done. Major Manigault, commanding at these works, urges the addition of one 8-inch gun and one rifled 24-pounder at Battery Haskell, and an 8-inch sea-coast howitzer at Battery Ryan, Point of Pines. I have directed that some of the guns of the siege train be transferred from the western lines to this battery. On this subject attention is called to the report of Colonel Gonzales, chief of artillery.

I would also respectfully urge upon the consideration of the brigadier-general commanding the importance of increasing the number of ordnance officers on this island. It is impossible that one officer can attend to the duties of this department. I would respectfully suggest that an ordnance officer be ordered to report to Colonel Olmstead, commanding at Fort Johnson, to discharge the various duties of his department within the Fort Johnson command-that is, the artillery command of Lieutenant-Colonel Yates-drawing his supplies direct from Charleston, and establishing his depot at Fort Johnson, or near it; that an ordnance officer be directed to report to the officer commanding the eastern lines, for service connected with the heavy artillery on those lines, exclusive of Lieutenant-Colonel Yates' command. I will assign to the duty of providing ordnance stores, &amp;c., to the light batteries on the island, and to the infantry, Lieutenant Cunningham, brigade ordnance officer; and to the western lines, the ordnance officer of Brigadier-General Colquitt's brigade. In this way, the duties will be subdivided and simplified, and the work accomplished much more speedily.

I would also call the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the propriety of establishing a depot for forage and quartermasters stores generally, as well as a depot of subsistence stores on

