
[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON, July 23, 1863

Captain [P. K.] MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The following is a statement of the condition of the armament of Battery Wagner this morning, when I was relieved of the command of the artillery on Morris Island:

One 10-inch columbiad, in good order.

One smooth-bore 32-pounder, in good order.

One carronade, 42-pounder, in good order.

Two naval 8-inch shell guns, in good order.

Three 32-pounder carronades, in good order.

One 10-inch mortar, in good order.

(The carriage of the columbiad was struck yesterday, but only slightly injured. The elevating screw of one of the 8-inch shell guns is seriously defective. The mortar bed is indifferent though not unserviceable.)

Two 32-pounder siege howitzers, in good order.

Two 12-pounder bronze howitzers, in good order.

Respectfully, captain, your obedient servant.

DEL. KEMPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS MORRIS ISLAND,July 25, 1863-1 p.m.

GENERAL: Been firing one hour and forty-five minutes. The 10-inch gun only we can use; am firing it only every twenty minutes, both on account of its unserviceable condition and want of ammunition, for which I have been telegraphing. We now have but 13 cartridges for that gun. Have enough for front face during an assault, but not supply land battery. It is, moreover, out of effective range of our very inferior guns. Only six casualties so far. All in entry to bomb-proof. Two monitors and land battery firing on us. Men and officers cheerful, and I think will repel an assault if made to-day or night. Send re-enforcements by early dark to Cumming's Point; also, as a mere matter of precaution to-night and whenever we are attacked, means of transportation from island should be held in immediate readiness. Our artillery is so unserviceable that it is disheartening. Can't you give us a good armament, or at least improve the present?

1.15 p.m. - Monitors retired; land battery firing; 213 rounds thrown by enemy up to this time.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General RIPLEY.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF CHARLESTON,July 25, 1863

Respectfully forwarded. The siege howitzers have been ordered. Graham's regiment goes down to-night at dark. All ammunition has been ordered, and Major C. K. Huger goes down in charge.

