
Much ammunition is there, but from the frequent changes of officers and the confusion incident to bombardment, it cannot be found. Lieutenant Mazyck has been ordered to go down to-night, to inform and show his successor the ammunition sent and what is there which they do not know of. One great defect is that they have not screwed up their gunboats since the attack commenced. In my letter to General Hagood, by Colonel Harris, this is mentioned, and I hope will be repaired to-night. Our great enemy now is the Ironsides, and she is comparatively unapproachable without naval force.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

SECESSIONVILLE, July 28, 1863

CAPTAIN: I want at least two more companies of cavalry, three better; when enemy land can dispense with them. Please bring it to attention department headquarters, if necessary. Send them at once.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SECESSIONVILLE, July 28, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Major Manigault has just reported that late this evening the enemy were discovered in considerable numbers working on Black Island.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, MORRIS ISLAND,Battery Wagner, August 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the journal of the siege of this place for the last twenty-four hours, commencing at 9 o'clock last evening:

At 32-pounder rifled and banded guns was put in position on the sea front, during the night, in the place of a smooth-bore 32-pounder. Enemy opened fire this morning, about an hour after daylight, with a howitzer from one of his land batteries, and apparently directed at the gun-chamber of the piece just mounted. This fire soon ceased.

9 a.m. Enemy fired a few shot from his land batteries.

12 m. Flag of truce from fleet, with sealed communications for General Beauregard.

5.30. A gunboat shelled the battery briskly, aiming apparently at the sand-bags masking the guns recently put in position.

6 p.m. Enemy's fire ceased. No return fire. Gunboat estimated at 1,400 yards from battery. Everything quiet on enemy's side at dusk.

Casualties of yesterday, not hitherto reported by me, 3 wounded, one of these accidentally. No casualties to-day. From the great fatigue of my men yesterday, very little work was gotten

28 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

