
Having thus briefly brought to your attention the condition of Fort Wagner upon my taking command, I beg leave to submit the journal of operations from my arrival to 8 p.m. this day:

At 2.30 a.m., opened fire on the enemy's advanced works from the 8-inch sea-coast howitzer on curtain outside of rear gorge, the 8-inch siege howitzer on salient the 8-inch naval gun and the 32-pounder on land face. The enemy responded promptly and with great vigor. The fire was continued by us until daylight. The fire of the enemy ceased soon after ours.

At an early hour, the enemy opened a rapid fire at Battery Gregg and Fort Sumter. At 9. 30 o'clock a portion of their fire was directed against Battery Wagner.

At about 10 a.m., we opened fire from the 8-inch siege howitzer upon the advanced working parties of the enemy.

The fire on part of enemy's sharpshooters increased in rapidity.

Flag of truce from the enemy at 12 m.

A monitor passed Battery Wagner, and opened fire at Fort Sumter, Battery Gregg replying.

At 2.30 o'clock, opened fire from 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; fired 3 shots at troops on beach. At 3.30 p.m., opened fire from 8-inch shell gun on land face on the advanced lines of the enemy.

At 4.15 p.m., two wooden gunboats opened fire on us, to which we replied with a few shots from the 10-inch columbiad. The heavy land batteries opened upon us latter in the afternoon, the Ironsides also participating. The fire became very severe, and continued until dusk. Shortly after the fire ceased, our riflemen in the pits commenced a rapid fire. They were immediately re-enforced, and defeated the efforts of the enemy to get possession of the pits.

I regret to have to announce the death of Captain Pringle, of Lucas' battalion. He died at his post, nobly discharging his duties.

I inclose list of casualties and report from Battery Gregg.*

Respectfully submitted.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not identified.

---------------

