
movements, and immediately upon the conclusion of our operations will make a detailed report, with maps, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN E. TOWN,

First Lieutenant 42nd New York Vols., and Chf. A. S. O., D. S.

Colonel ALBERT J. MYER,

Chief of Signal, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, DEPT., OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, September 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this signal detachment in the field during the operations of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore against the defenses of Charleston up to the present time:

It seemed to me to be proper to divide it under two heads, viz, (1) the capture of Morris Island, up to Wagner; and (2) the reduction of Forts Sumter, Wagner, and Gregg.

I.-CAPTURE OF MORRIS ISLAND, UP TO FORT WAGNER.

During the occupation of Folly Island by our forces since April last, until July 9, there had been signal officers there fort the purpose of communication between headquarters and the various outposts and detached commands, and also with the naval forces in Stono River, which officers, varying in number as the exigencies of the service demanded, had had opportunities to render service more or less valuable during the constructions of the works on Folly Island, designed for the capture of the lower portion of Morris Island.

On the 8th of July I accompanied Colonel Turner, chief of staff to the general commanding, to Stono River, where I landed on Folly Island early on the morning of the 9th, and proceeded to make an inspection of the lines of communication, &c. I had directed Lieutenant Hatfield to proceed from Saint Helena Island, where he was then stationed, and took Lieutenant Dana with me from Hilton Head, and upon arrival at Stono had the following disposable force in the field: Lieutenants Fenner, [Theodore C.] Vidal, Hatfield, Dana, Cross, Hickok, Brodie, Weber, Head, Carrique, Hawkins, and Cooley, and 42 men. Lieutenant Hickoc had been on the 6th ordered to accompany Brigadier-General Strong from Saint Helena Island, at the request of General Strong, made through department headquarters.

Brigadier-General Terry sailed from Hilton Head on the 7th, as commander of a division, and had requested that Lieutenant Cross and another officer might accompany him. Accordingly I directed Lieutenants Cross and Brodie to proceed with him.

In compliance with an order to have 1 signal officer accompany General Stevenson from Edisto, I directed Lieutenant Hawkins to proceed with him, leaving Lieutenant Bruyn at Edisto to communication with the fleet remaining there.

Upon the arrival of all our forces at Folly Island, General Terry desired an additional officer to accompany him upon an expedition which he was ordered to make, but the forces of General Stevenson being placed under his command, Lieutenant Hawkins remainder with him, and thus completed his requisition. General Terry sailed up

