
Covering is needed upon the tops of all the bomb-proofs, owing to the action of the wind and shot, and unless sand-bags are immediately sent the delay with result injuriously. The fire of the 10-inch mortar, to which allusion was made by me on yesterday, was continued during the night; fire was opened from the 42-pounder carronade on salient, and was kept up till morning, when the embrasure was closed to mask the gun from the enemy. The mortar firing was continued during the day. In the afternoon, fire was opened from the carronade upon the advanced working parties of the enemy. This fire we had quickly to discontinue to save the piece from being dismounted by the enemy's fire, which is surprisingly accurate.

Up to 3 p.m. the enemy were unusually quiet to-day; but few of his land batteries had been used. Pretty constant fire had been kept up upon the position of our mortar, but without effect. The use of the mortar has tended greatly to annoy and retard the enemy. I hope a full supply of 10-inch shell will be kept here; we have now but few left.

The sharpshooters have been busily engaged on both sides during the day.

Shortly after 7 p.m., the picket for relief having been but a short time out, a rapid fire of small-arms began. The enemy's fire from mortars, which had been incessant for several hours, the shells generally falling in front of or behind the battery, ceased in a great measure, and, as the fire of small-arms increased in rapidity, abated almost entirely. The fight continued until 8.30 p.m. Our position was held with indomitable courage, and success crowned the efforts of the gallant troops engaged-the Sixty-first North Carolina and the Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiments. The latter constituted the day picket and had just been re-enforced by the former, under the command of Colonel W. S. Devane, Captain Mallett acting as major.

I regret to have to announce that Captain Roberts, of the Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiment, is reported mortally wounded while nobly discharging his duties. His loss is severe, alike to his command and country. Casualties, 5 killed, 19 wounded. Four of these were wounded by a shell from Mitchel's battery. It is proper to state, however, that the fire from this battery last night was generally accurate and very serviceable. Some of the shells were thrown exceedingly wild. One that did not explode I saw fall in the parade of Battery Wagner.

I feel it a duty that I owe to the service to call the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the perilous delay in supplying Battery Wagner with ordnance stores and with engineer materials, as well as to the miserably inefficient transportation system in operation. If Battery Wagner falls, it will be largely due to these causes.

In concluding my report of five days and six nights of almost incessant battle at this post. I must be permitted to express my grateful thanks to my adjutant, Captain Molony; to my aides, Captain Tracy and Lieutenant [B.] Martin; to my chief of artillery, Major Warley; to Major Champneys (the engineer at the post for the last three days), and to Captain Hill, ordnance officer, for their efficient services in their several departments. I was relieved at 10 p.m., 25th, by Colonel Harrison.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

