
are ready. With fire from these and gunboats, they expect to crush us. I would suggest that when they begin the attack, every available gun in our several batteries should be opened upon them, and efforts be particularly directed to keep the gunboats from having an enfilade fire. Though our fire should do no great damage, it will create agitation in our adversaries and prevent them from firing with deliberation.

2nd. While I shall hold out as long as possible, it is well to have an eye to the rear in case of disaster. The embarking of troops at Cumming's Point is a slow operation. Everything necessary for this purpose should be understood and in readiness, as I think it will be, so that, between the blundering and delay of quartermasters and steamboat captains, no disaster may occur. I should like to have a boat at Cumming's Point manned for my use. I do not think it discreet to commit every communication to signals and telegraphs, and cannot be explicit. As it is now, I am at a loss to know how or by whom this will reach you.

3rd. The garrison is hard worked with the present force; 1,200 men should be the minimum; 150 are kept at Cumming's for fatigue and other objects and the garrison si diminished to that extent.

Pardon the liberty of making these suggestions.

Respectfully,

A. H. COLQUITT,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the facts connected with my command on Morris Island:

In obedience on the morning of the 26th of July, 1863, and relieved Brigadier-General Taliaferro, then in command at that place. The day passed off quietly. Monday morning [July 27], at daylight, the enemy commenced firing and threw about 50 shells from their mortar battery near Graham's house at Fort Wagner. Fortunately no one was hurt. During the day, a fire at intervals was kept up from Sumter and Shell Mound on the enemy at work on their batteries on the island. The enemy replied occasionally from a land battery, directing their fire upon Shell Mound. But few shots were fired at Wagner. In the evening, near 3 o'clock, a communication from General Beauregard to General Gillmore, commanding Federal forces, was sent out under flag of truce from Fort Wagner. Lieutenant Colonel A. T. Dargan, Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers, was the bearer of the communication from our lines, and the major of the Ninth Maine received it on the part of the Federals.

During the existence of the flag of truce, a torpedo in front of our works was exploded and 2 men killed by it, members of Captain Pringle's company of artillery. Everything was quiet during the night. Tuesday [July 28] morning at daylight the enemy opened as usual with their mortars, and threw about 50 shells at the fort, injuring no one. Shots were fired occasionally during the day from Sumter and Shell Mound on the enemy at work on their land batteries. Between 10 and 11 o'clock the enemy opened a brisk fire with their

