
land batteries upon the fort, and two of the monitors moved around and commenced firing with 15-inch shell. The firing continued until about 2 o'clock. We replied for some time with the 10-inch gun on the water face, which was finally disabled by a shot from the enemy. No one was hurt during this firing, and the injury inflicted upon the fort was easily repaired during the night. About 12 o'clock on Tuesday night a considerable body of troops was discovered some distance in front of the enemy's works, and was supposed to be a fatigue party sent out to commence an advanced work. I ordered the guns on the land face of Fort Wagner to be opened upon them, and after a few rounds the bands dispersed, and did not again appear. From this time until after daylight the enemy kept up a brisk fire from their mortar battery, and considerably annoyed our fatigue parties, although their shells inflicted no serious injury. At daylight [July 29], Brigadier-General Clingham arrived and relieved me of the command of the island. Just as General Clingham assumed command, there were 2 men killed by the enemy's shells, one of the Sixth Georgia Regiment, and the other of the Eighth North Carolina. Their names I did not learn.

Respectfully,

A. H. COLQUITT,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MORRIS ISLAND, August 29, 1863.]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations during last night and to-day:

The enemy remained very quiet during the night, there being little or no firing from their sharpshooters or batteries. They commenced no new work, but were engaged in strengthening their lines already begun. The fire from our batteries on James Island was irregular, sometimes very effective. The guns at Fort Wagner did good service, greatly disturbing the enemy at their work. During the day, an irregular fire has been kept up on both sides. The 9-inch Dahlgren at Fort Gregg was dismounted this morning by a shot from the enemy's land battery.

No serious damage has been done at Fort Wagner.

The disposition of troops is the same as last reported, except that the Twenty-third Georgia is in position at the works in the place of the Fifty-fourth Georgia, which has been sent to Fort Gregg to be in readiness to take the boat for Fort Johnson to-night.

Inclosed you will find a report of the casualties since last report.*

Lieutenant Randle, my aide-de-camp, received this evening a dangerous and, I fear, fatal wound. He has been distinguished for his coolness and gallantry upon many bloody battle-fields. I shall greatly lament his loss.

Respectfully submitted.

A. H. COLQUITT,

Brigadier-General,

Captain W. F. NANCE

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

