
the Stono River on the evening of the 9th. Communication was kept up with him from the wharf until he passed around Cole's Island, where it was suspended until he had landed.

On the 9th, Colonel Turner directed me to open communication with the wharf, and also with the signal tower from the headquarters, which were at the White house on Folly Island. The most convenient course of communication with the wharf was through Cole's Island, and Lieutenant Cooley was stationed at the warm and Lieutenant Fenner at Cole's Island. The line of communication to the tower was, as before, through Palmetto Station. On the evening of the 9th, General Strong being in command of an expedition intending to effect a landing on Morris Island, required 2 signal officers. Lieutenant Hickok being with him, I directed Lieutenant Hatfield to report to him in addition. During the night of the 10th, General Strong's forces were disposed in boats in Folly Creek, awaiting the proper time of landing. Lieutenant Carrique was kept in reserve at if needed there. This arrangement was subsequently found to be unnecessary, as the admiral had kith him Ensign Adams, a naval officer who is well instructed in our code of signals.

I provided each expeditionary party with two plain and two parachute rockets, to be used to designate as follows:

Plain: We are successful.

Parachute: We are repulsed.

I directed the officers in boats with General Strong to take a position immediately upon landing on Morris Island from which they could, if necessary, direct the fire of our batteries on Folly Island, and prevent its injuring our own troops. At 3.30 a. m. of the 10th, accompanied by Lieutenant Dana, I started for the signal tower, which was to be headquarters for General Gillmore during the action. Arriving there at daybreak, I opened communication with the Palmetto station, from whence, after the fire was opened, a line of couriers was established to the batteries.

Fire was opened from all our batteries at 4.40 a. m. I stationed Lieutenant Weber on the tower, and Dana on foot of tower, and communication was opened with General Strong in Folly Creek, and with Generals Seymour and Vogdes, the latter at Palmetto station, and the former at the batteries. At 8.40 the batteries on Morris Island having been nearly silenced, our batteries ceased firing, and General Strong pushed forward to land (having been four hours with his command in boats, under fire of shrapnel and shell), and General Gillmore immediately proceeded to the head of Folly Island. With the others of his staff, I accompanied him, and upon arrival at Light-House Inlet, seeing that General Strong had effected a landing, I opened communication with Lieutenant Hatfield, who was on the north side of Light-House Inlet. Proceeding to the beach, Lieutenant Hatfield called the attention of the signal officer of the fleet, and by so doing prevented the monitor from throwing shells into our troops, sand-hills, to be re-enforcements for the enemy, and the monitor's formed by the signal officer of the fleet. General Gillmore immediately crossed over, and Lieutenant Dana, whom I then left at Light-House Inlet, on Folly Island, and crossed to Morris. That afternoon communication was opened from Gregg's Hill on Morris Island with

