
and Twentieth South Carolina man the lines and furnish engineer and ordnance fatigues. (Two companies of Nineteenth Georgia are on James Island.)

Shelling began about 8.30 a.m., and lasted, say, half an hour, doing no harm save a slight injury to the front transom of the 8-inch shell gun, which can still be used.

At 10.45 a.m. Private [Malcolm] Galbraith, Company D, Fifty-first North Carolina, was slightly wounded in side and knee by sharpshooters of the enemy. Private [William F.] Rowe, Company A, Fifty-first North Carolina, was slightly wounded by mortar shell, early this morning, before my arrival.

At a quarter before 1 p.m. the enemy opened fire with large Parrott gun from a small wooden gunboat 1 to 1 1/4 miles off, and kept it up slowly till about 4.30 p.m., without injury. All is now quiet.

The men were sent to the bomb-proofs about 8.30 a.m. a portion being allotted to each regiment. It is, however, very difficult to protect them. Most of the Twentieth South Carolina had to be sent to the sand-hills, with the Fifty-fourth Georgia, and scattered about the fort.

Please send down some writing paper, and at least six lanterns for the bomb-proofs.

The columbiad carriages are reported as altered, and likely to fit. Every effort will be made to get the guns up to-night.

The enemy are strengthening heavily their works in our front.

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. 1ST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, August 2, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. The increase of the garrison at Battery Wagner as represented in the within report was purely accidental, and will be reduced to the maximum of 1,200 men to-night.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, August 2, 1863.

The commanding general desires a copy of this excellent report to be furnished to the commander of Morris Island, with orders to furnish one of similar character the tenor daily.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,August 2, 1863-2 p.m.

CAPTAIN: I had the honor yesterday to report affairs up to 6 p.m. The early evening was quiet. Details were made early. The enemy had made one large hole in the south end of the bomb-proof and torn the land parapet somewhat, which was repaired by 1 a.m. on the 2nd. Colonel J. A. Yates was supplied with 250 men, and, on the arrival of the Charleston Battalion, fresh men were detailed from it for him.

