
burst in gun-chamber on sea face occupied by Lieutenant J. T. Willis, of Company A, Second South Carolina Artillery, wounding him and 6 men slightly. Another burst in the commissary house in rear, where several men had imprudently collected, killing 1 and wounding 6 or 7.

Inclosed is surgeon's list.* The shelling stopped toward sunset, and our repairs and ordnance details have been going on. The Fifty-fourth Georgia and best part of Fifty-first North Carolina went in the steamer to-night.

Damage to battery has been comparatively small, but new protections are required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,August 3, 1863-11 a.m.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to correct an error in my report of last night in regard to the casualties of the day. Private G. McMillan, Company d, Fifty-first North Carolina, was wounded early in the afternoon by the same shell which crushed the left knee of Private Edge, Company D, Fifty-first North Carolina. This regiment was stationed under the shelter of the parapet on the right of the land front. Toward 4 p.m. the firing appeared to have ceased, and a feeling of false security induced a squad of men to gather in the shade of the old commissary building, when a gunboat fired twice in quick succession, and one shell, thought to be an 8-inch Parrott, struck the uprights and burst, scattering splinters, resulting in the instant death of Private C. McLean, Company K, Nineteenth Georgia, shattering the right foot of John Raney, Company K, Nineteenth Georgia, inflicting severe cuts on Private Williams, Company B, Charleston Battalion, and wounding, more or less slightly, the following:

Lieutenant J. R. Elliott, Company G, Nineteenth Georgia; Lieutenant J. T. Willis, Company A, Second South Carolina Artillery; Private J. F. Knight, Company -, Twenty-first South Carolina Regiment; Private J. M. Taylor, Company K, Nineteenth Georgia; Private J. A. Nix, Company K, Nineteenth Georgia, and Privates [J. R.] Hutson, [H. D.] Lee, [John] Hart, [J. J.] Tyler, [J. R.] Roby, and [J. E.] Jowers, of Company A, Second South Carolina Artillery-say, 1 killed and 13 wounded. Of these, Privates Jowers and Hart, Second South Carolina Artillery, have been since returned to duty, and also Private Nix, of Nineteenth Georgia-3.

Chief Surgeon [A. S.] Salley was about this time relieved, and Surgeon [Samuel B.] Morisey waiving rank, Surgeon [S. P.] Johnson, of Nineteenth Georgia, became chief surgeon, and has proved very efficient. Under his care, the hospital is much improved, and requisition made for many articles required. There has been a painful deficiency of almost every convenience.

Last night, the Fifty-fourth Georgia left and also most of the Fifty-first North Carolina Regiment. Colonel McKethan, Fifty-first North Carolina, was instructed to leave 200 men, say 100 for front

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

