
Volunteers in small boats. Six companies of that regiment were sent off. Lieutenant-Colonel Dantzler, whose services have been extremely valuable, remained with the four companies, most of whom were on guard. The Charleston Battalion held the right front. The Twenty-first South Carolina Regiment, relieving the Twentieth Regiment, manned the left.

The usual engineer detail of 150 men were supplied to Lieutenant Stiles, changed at midnight, and worked until nearly 4 a.m. The Nineteenth Georgia furnished engineer detail of 100, and full guard for Cumming's Point, and picketed the sand-hills. Soon after the steamer touched at Cumming's Point, about 8 p.m., a rocket was sent up the enemy, probably from a boat in one of the creeks to the right and rear of Battery Wagner.

The enemy's land batteries immediately opened fire on Cumming's Point, when the steamer left hurriedly. Soon after the firing, General Beauregard and staff visited this battery and made a partial inspection. In accordance with orders from district headquarters, the 32-pounder on sea face was dismounted by Captain Chichester early in the evening, but finding that no gun had arrived at Cumming's Point, I had it remounted soon after midnight. Lieutenant Mazyck, ordnance officer, had a detail working until near daylight at new columbiad, and was zealously assisted by the gun detachment under Captain Miles, Company E, Charleston Battalion.

The mortar battery at Shell Point overshot Morris Island on the last part of the night.

The early part of this morning passed quietly, and the police of the battery was still more improved. Just before 9 a.m., one of the enemy's land batteries exchanged shots with Battery Gregg. About 10.15 a.m., one monitor, and soon after one gunboat, also opened fire on Battery Gregg and the sand-hills in front, and kept in up until soon after 11 a.m. This monitor approached within a distance estimated from about 1,100 to 1,400 yards. At 11 a.m., Major Warley, chief of artillery, reported his columbiads ready to open fire. I had just given the order to unmask them, when Lieutenant Mazyck, ordnance officer, suggested, through Major Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, that the Yates traversing apparatus on new columbiad was incomplete, and it was important to gain time and put it in thorough order. I therefore countermanded the order to open fire, and the monitor soon hauled off. The traverse circle of new columbiad was never laid level and should be properly adjusted by competent workmen. There are no adequate means of doing so here.

I desire to record the valuable services of Privates J. M. Leathe and John H. Bond, of Captain Chichester's company, who have conducted, as acting sergeants, the practical operations of the commissary department at this battery. Private Leathe has also been useful in the ordnance department. Both these privates remained on the island after their company had been relieved.

I would respectfully call attention to the miserable condition of the 10-inch mortar bed. It might have done valuable service if in proper condition.

The enemy were working behind their advance stockade last night, but their operations could not be seen by our pickets, who could, however, hear distinctly the voices of their teamsters while driving. The spirited firing of the sharpshooters detailed from the Charleston Battalion has annoyed the enemy and checked the operations of their sharpshooters very much. One of the enemy fell this morning,

