
Lieutenant Mazyck, ordnance officer, asking for an ordnance sergeant for the island. I recommend for appointment to fill that position Private John M. Leathe, of Captain Chichester's artillery company. He has behaved with gallantry ever since the bombardment of this island, and when his company was relieved he volunteered to remain, and has been of great use both in the ordnance and commissary departments. He is active, energetic, and intelligent. I do not think that the appointment could be given to a worthier person.

Captain [John O.] Heriot, assistant commissary of subsistence, Provisional Army C. S., has just been relieved by Captain Thomas E. Stanley, assistant commissary of subsistence, Provisional Army, C. S.

Inclosed I forward report of inspection by Lieutenant Mazyck, ordnance officer, of mortar and bed.* Lieutenant [J. J.] Alston, company E, First South Carolina Artillery, reported for duty, with a detachment of 14 men at 11 p.m., and has rendered great assistance.

Report close at 12.45 p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 7, 1863.

Order all necessary facilities for the construction of the covered way from Gregg to Wagner, already ordered from these headquarters.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,August 6, 1863-5 a.m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have been duly relieved by Brigadier General Johnson Hagood, and that the changes and reliefs called for in the special orders of to-day from district headquarters have been carried out.

My last report was up to 2.30 p.m. yesterday, since which nothing of importance has occurred. Major Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, soon returned to duty. The engineer, Lieutenant Stiles, called for a working party at 4.30 p.m. to finish the traverse in parade. A few shell being thrown by the enemy at 5 p.m., most of the work was postponed until 8 p.m., when the traverse was pressed on and a palisade put up on the beach to cover the left flanking curtain. The lower part of this palisade did not stand well, and must be rebuilt with stronger stakes.

After dark, Lieutenant Alston, with a small detachment of First South Carolina Artillery, was put in charge of the two columbiads. Soon after dark, the enemy opened slowly on Cumming's Point from the land, and threw 7 or 8 shells from a gunboat of the fleet, some of which fell close in rear of Battery Wagner.

The land fire did not continue long, but resulted in one casualty at Cumming's Point-Private Hogan, of the Charleston Battalion, losing one leg from a splinter.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

