
Between 9 and 10 p.m. the reliefs commenced arriving. The Mathewes Artillery, Gist Guards, detachments of Captain Smith's company, Siege Train, and Marion Artillery, were placed in position by Major Warley. The Nineteenth Georgia being relieved, its place was taken by the Eighth North Carolina (in the sand-hills), Colonel Shaw, who was called on to supply the engineers at Battery Wagner with 150 men from midnight until 3 a.m., and the engineer at Cumming's Point with all the remainder of the regiment, after guarding the sand-hills. In an hour or two after the moon rose, a movement of boats was indistinctly visible at sea, and several shots fired from the direction of the enemy's fleet. This has since proved to have been a reconnaissance by the C. S. steamer Juno, which captured a heavily armed launch of the U. S. steamer Powhatan.

During the afternoon, a small sail-boat, bearing English colors, passed up main ship channel, and there being no appearance of bad faith, I allowed her to proceed to Fort Sumter.

In the early part of the night, my attention was called to the enemy's fatigue parties in our front. The dim twinkle of lights could be occasionally seen, and the sound of the hammer and ax, as if laying platforms, &amp;c., was plainly heard. At dusk, their pickets were reported to me as taking position at their line of stockades, with a regiment moving to the left flank of their rear batteries.

About midnight, I sent to the quartermaster at Cumming's Point, in charge of 6 men of the Twenty-first South Carolina, a row-boat, which had been secured the night before by Lieutenant-Colonel Dantzler from and advanced anchorage in Vincent's Creek. It may be easily put in order.

Yesterday I sent to the quartermaster at Cumming's Point, for transportation to you, a lot of infantry accouterments, found mounding in one of the magazines, supposed to be enough for one company.

Last evening a regiment of the enemy as observed by Sergeant Gardner, of the sharpshooters, to be double-quicking from Gregg's Hill toward the south end of island.

August 6, 1863. About 3 a.m. this morning, General Hagood arrived with his chief of artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, the latter receiving full explanations from Major Warley.

Yesterday Lieutenant Mazyck was by my order saving all the valuable iron work of disabled carriages, to be sent to Charleston.

On the beach at Cumming's Point is a lot of the enemy's shell, picket up by the soldiers, awaiting transportation. An active and experienced officer or civilian is needed to take charge of the boat transportation at Cumming's Point, equally to move the freight and take care of the boats.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, August 6, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with the remark that all the suggestions of this report have been ordered.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

