
satisfaction. Major Warley was very zealous-visiting his guns, attending to many repairs, and answering promptly all calls upon him. It was a matter of regret to me that he failed to discover with sufficient promptness some of the defects in the columbiads, but no man could have worked harder to remedy them.

Captain Miles, Company E, Charleston Battalion, rendered good service, and Captain Gregg, of the Siege Train, and Lieutenant Askew, of Chatham Light Artillery, were particularly attentive to their duties.

I regret to mention that the Nineteenth Georgia Regiment did not display the high discipline which its brilliant achievements on so many fields in the past warranted me to expect, and that its colonel commanding betrayed too much negligence. As I disliked to interrupt the general harmony of the command, I adopted no stringent measures, and am happy to say that no evil resulted, excepting the wounding of a few members of this regiment in the commissary house, where they had no business to be, excepting the two on guard.

Captain [W. F.] Hamilton and Lieutenant [Benjamin] Yarborough, of this regiment, gave entire satisfaction when in charge of the advanced picket.

To Surg. Samuel P. Johnson, of the Nineteenth Georgia, who acted as chief surgeon during the latter party of my command, I am much indebted for introducing more order into the hospital arrangements, and for his unvarying attention to all his duties.

Lieutenants Ashe and Mazyck, of the ordnance department, worked hard and rendered much service, though the long existing confusion of that department was not entirely rectified during my administration.

Captain Chichester reported as assistant chief of artillery for about two days, and rendered good service in the artillery and ordnance. This officer has done valuable and gallant service on Morris Island, and his commision as captain is one of the oldest in the service. I therefore recommend that he be appointed major of artillery Provisional Army C. S., and assigned to duty as chief ordnance officer for Morris Island.

I have already mentioned the valuable services of Privates Leathe and Bond, of the Gist Guards, in the commissary department. Leathe has been appointed ordnance sergeant, and I would respectfully suggest, that, if Major Guerin deems it compatible with the regulations of his department, Private John Bond be placed in charge of the conduct of the subsistence of Morris Island, giving him such clerks and assistants as may be needed.

Captains Guerard and [Thomas W.] Woodward, of the quartermaster's department, were attentive to their duties. Major Bryan, of the department staff, acted as my adjutant-general, and gave me the most entire satisfaction. His energy, industry, tact, and unwearied diligence infused greater efficiency into every portion of the command. Captain Schnierle, of the district staff, acted as my aide-de-camp, and my thanks are due to him for the zeal and energy with which he discharged his duties.

I request that means be taken to pay the members of the Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiment, and others, who have gathered the enemy's shot and shell lying about Morris Island, the reward promised.

Should the enemy ever effect a secret or sudden landing between

30 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

