
Batteries Gregg and Wagner, and the garrison of Wagner have to change front to rear to repel and assault, there would be no artillery protecting this new front.

To guard against this contingency, I would recommend that two additional howitzers be sent to Battery Wagner to protect its rear, and also replace those on the left flanking curtain, should they become disabled.

It might be well also to have a mountain howitzer on our picket line, to be kept in a pit during the day and mounted after dark.

I directed the assistant engineer to examine the facilities for constructing a covered way between Batteries Wagner and Gree, and would respectfully call attention to his report.

I directed him also to explore the practicability of laying down pipe beneath the surface of the ground, for the conveyance of water from the wells in the sand-hills to Battery Wagner. He reported it to me as practicable, and I ordered a written report to be made out and sent up to district headquarters.

I respectfully call attention to it. In this way, a sufficient supply of water might be continuously had in the parade ground of the fort, and in the bomb-proofs, by sinking casks in them to hold the water. This would prevent straggling among the men, in search of water, during a long continued bombardment, and would promote both the health and comfort of the garrison.

I would also respectfully recommend that no more fresh beef, just cooked, be issued as rations to the garrison. In almost every instance such beef has been tainted and unfit for use. If rations of beef must be ultimately used, I would recommend that the beef be salted and cured, and then cooked and issued as rations. In the meantime, it were better to issue rations of bacon.

I beg leave to add, as I omitted it in its proper place, that Captain Heriot, of the commissary department, discharged his duties with zeal and fidelity.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Paragraphs marked [in italics] are approved.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,August 15, 1863-10.30 p.m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I arrived here about 7 p.m., and relieved Colonel Harrison as soon as he had shown me the position of the troops and the condition and plans of the artillery.

Inclosed is a list of the garrison which I found on my arrival.

The Fifty-first North Carolina Regiment has just been relieved by the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers, with 348 aggregate effective. I regret to have to report Private [J. W.] Smoke, Company B, of this regiment, had his head blown off by a Parrott shell, sa they were entering the battery, and Private Manly Boykin, of Company G, was wounded in the head by same shell.

About 9 o'clock, I had a bolt fired from the rifled gun at a monitor

