
Captain Wampler, engineer in charge, has been working about 50 men all day at the infantry banquette to west and rear parapet of Fort Wagner, and will to-night, as far as firing permits, place the spiked plank in the moat, put up sharpshooter protections on center and right, and repair the parapet (now falling in) to old 10-inch columbiad.

Captain Hill, ordnance officer, has been moving a barbette carriage into the battery, and moving out the 8-inch columbiad chassis, formerly used for the 32-pounder, rifled, which burst.

Am endeavoring to push on all work, bu the want of bomb-proof frames at Wagner, and of proper nails or spikes at Greeg prevents me from materially strengthening these batteries. Sand-bags are still wanted.

Battery Cheves opened early in the forenoon, directing her shots at the large battery which the enemy have been pressing on at Thomas Island. The shots which were noticed fell short.

About 2.30 p.m. a work of the enemy's was observed and reported on the high marsh, between Black Island and Legare's Point, probably 2 miles from Battery Wagner. It is incomplete, but men were passing on the marsh near it.

Lieutenant [F. J.] Moses reported about 3.30 p.m., and was assigned to duty at Battery Greeg, with special instructions to receive and forward ordnance stores.

While much regretting to lose Captain Hill's valuable services, in justice to him I have been induced to call attention to the fact that he was expecting further orders from district headquarters.

Battery Wagner has been policed by Colonel Dantzler, and Battery Gregg by Major Hanvey, Twelfth Georgia Battalion, who have been working to-day with diligence.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,August 17, 1863-12.30 a.m.

CAPTAIN: I had the honor to report events here up to 5 p.m., since which our there has been no casualty and very little firing.

I incloses observations of the lookout officer this afternoon.* According to instructions, I held the Georgia battalions in readiness to be relived, but when, at last, Lieutenant-Colonel reported with only 250 men, I was obliged to retain the First Georgia, in order to maintain an effective garrison, sending off the Twelfth and Eighteenth Georgia Battalions and all the artillery, excepting Lieutenant Alston's detachment at the columbiads.

No notice was received that Colonel Dargan was coming. His command came without rations, and he reports the short notice received by him as the reason for this.

To-night the Twentieth South Carolina mans the land front, and 150 men of the Twenty-first South Carolina the sea face and left curtain. Lieutenant-Colonel Dargan, with remainder of this regiment

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

