
Captain Wampler and Major Bryan examined magazines and reported them safe. Five monitors deployed in line.

At 9.45 the firing slackened a short time, the monitors drawing off toward the south, the Ironsides stationary. At 10.15 two monitors moved to left of this battery, and soon a very heavy fire opened.

Just before 11 a.m. Captain J. M. Wampler, chief engineer, was killed, while writing at headquarters, by a fragment of a shell cutting his spine. I greatly deplore the loss of this gallant man.

At 11.05 a.m. an ammunition chest was exploded by enemy's shell at the field guns, and some 12-pounder shrapnel and shell destroyed; at 11.45 six monitors deployed, two to the left and four to front and extreme right.

At 12.15 all the monitors, excepting one, moving to the south; but one drew near the fired occasionally, and about half past 12 all firing ceased; the monitors and Ironsides hauled off from a mile to one and three-quarters. The men were turned out of the bomb-proof to eat, and get fresh air. At a little after 1 p.m. the enemy opened a mortar fire (not good), which ceased at 2.30 p.m.

At 3.45 one monitor approached battery and opened fire, soon joined by another, about 4 p.m.; returned by our two columbiads and one rifled gun. Unfortunately, the rifled gun was spiked in attempting to load it, from the priming wire having been carelessly left in the vent and broken off flush in trying to draw in out. At 4.10 a large hole was torn in parapet in front of the north columbiad, but Lieutenant Alston continued fighting it with an infantry detail, shoveling away the sand; finally the Yates traversing gear got out of order.

At 4.40 a 15-inch shell burst under the chassis of left columbiad, tearing the chassis badly, injuring the Yates traversing gear, and tearing the platform slightly.

Fortunately only one man of the detachment was injured, and he slightly. They were from First Georgia, Lieutenant Elkins in charge, and behaved gallantly.

4.45 p.m. Our fire ceased about this time, but the enemy's fire from two monitors, at close range, continued till nearly 6 o'clock, since which time all has been quiet.

August 18, 3 a.m. All quiet, garrison very much exhausted, repairing damages.

Captain Gregoria has reported as engineer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,August 18, 1863-5 p.m.

CAPTAIN: I sent you by Colonel Harris last night a report of yesterday's action.

The night passed quietly. I kept my artillery quiet to avoid drawing the enemy's fire on my working parties, which were engaged during the entire night filling the large holes and furrows upon the sea-face,and in repairing part of the damages to land-face magazine. Though carried on continuously till daylight, the work

