
Captain Gregoria is preparing a traverse to protect it from the sea fire of the enemy.

He put up a small traverse on the parapet of columbiad while a hot fire was going on.

Captain Pringle has been exceedingly energetic, as chief of artillery, and our fire this morning was well directed.

Both guns were fired at an elevation of 2 deg.

The monitor was seen to move quickly forward at the flash of our guns. If no other rifled gun is to be sent here, please direct what disposition shall be made of the rifled shell at Cumming's Point, and the few here. A 10-inch columbiad, chassis should be hurried forward. When can I expect it? Ten-inch shot are badly needed at Battery Gregg.

The Twentieth and Twenty-first South Carolina Regiments man this battery and furnish fatigues.

The First Georgia pickets part of the beach, and awaits relief at Cumming's Point, being very much exhausted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,August 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I reported yesterday evening the events of the day up to about 5 p.m.

Just before this time, the enemy, annoyed by our sharpshooters, fired small Parrott guns at their positions, lasting a short time, and at 6.30 p.m. they opened a fire of small mortars, lasting about an hour.

The men who had been in the rifle-pits in front during the day reported the death of Private Ellerbee Bradock, Company D, Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers; killed by shot in the head from enemy's sharpshooters.

At 9 p.m. our picket in front reported that the enemy showed no disposition to advance, but were working busily, apparently driving stakes in their old position.

The First Georgia was at Cumming's Point, awaiting relief, and furnished 30 men for beach picket. The Twentieth South Carolina furnished 30 men for beach picket, the garrison guard 64, and front picket of 100. The Twenty-first South Carolina furnished two fatigue parties of 100 each for the engineer, working all night; no fire on either side. The sea face was worked over, and traverses placed on parapets of its right and center chambers, to guard against left-oblique fire of the monitors, such as destroyed the rifled gun.

A commencement was made toward placing the old smooth-bore 32-pounder in the salient, but I finally determined, with the advice of my artillery and engineer officers, to mount it where it stood, in place of the now worthless rifled gun. I hope to do so to-night. The chassis was, therefore, replaced by Captain Pringle. The chief difficulty feared was the large amount of labor and sand-bags required to make a traverse to protect this gun in the salient.

A cool and high wind prevailed yesterday, driving sand about, to the great discomfort of our men.

