
Last night Major Warley reported as chief of artillery, but being unwell, Captain Pringle was continued on duty, and this afternoon Major Warley took charge, and assigned Captain Pringle to duty as his assistant. Captain Pringle has exhibited strict attention to his duty. To interrupt enemy's work, I had a fire opened at 1.05 p.m. with three guns, which ended at 1.30 p.m., in consequence of a fire from the Ironsides, which had been lying broadside to us to-day, about 1,500 yards off; this fire being too severe on our gunners, taken in connection with the heavy fire elicited from enemy's land batteries and sharpshooters.

One 11-inch shell exploded in rear part of chamber of 32-pounder on land curtain, slightly wounding Corporal [James] McKin, Lucas' battalion, who will return to duty.

The Ironsides ceased fire about 3 p.m., after pounding away heavily on both sides of my headquarters. The fire of the wooden gunboats continued about an hour or so longer.

The latter part of the afternoon has been quiet.

I will make sand-bag protection in the rifle-pits to-night for the picket to-morrow, and hope to open a brisk fire of riflemen from this battery.

My sharpshooters have done little to-day, being worn out by long service. I hope to open an artillery fire about midnight on enemy's works. To open sooner would interfere with engineer work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Sergeant [Robert C.] Rogers, of Company C, Siege Train, received flesh wound in his side.
HEADQUARTERS MORRIS ISLAND,Battery Wagner, August 21, 1863-2 a.m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have just been relieved by Brigadier-General Hagood, and have turned over this battery, with the pickets drawn in and land guns ready to open on enemy's advanced lines. I sent last evening, by Captain Chichester, a report of affairs up to 7 p.m.

I omitted to mention in this that the carriages of one of the 12-pounder howitzers at Cumming's Point has been entirely disabled, the right wheel being broken and the axle bent by the enemy's shot. A new carriage is required without delay.

The mortar bed required at Battery Gregg has not been landed, and a new carriage, as already reported, is needed for one of the columbiads.

The guns on the sea face of Battery Wagner are-

First. One smooth-bore 32-pounder, intended to rake the beach and part of enemy's stockade, and protected by a traverse on the left from the enfilanding fire of the enemy, which destroyed the rifled gun.

Second. Ten-inch columbiad in working order, with about 50 solid shot. The traversing gear gets our of order easily, and without it the gun cannot easily be moved on the inequalities of the traverse circle.

Third. The old 10-inch columbiad useless for want of a new chassis.

