
[Inclosure.]

BATTERY WAGNER, ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,

August 21, 1863.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival of 300 8-inch shell at Cumming's Point last night, an adequate supply for five days.

The last 32-pounder shell has been rifled, and though earnest and repeated appeals have been made to avoid this emergency, it has been without avail.

The last supply sent was useless, on account of sabot being 6.6-inch instead of 6.4. Other sabots are required to obviate the difficulty.

Double-barrel shotguns have been sent down, for land assault, but with loose shot and powder. As many cartridges as possible have been made up, but want of paper and cord require that they be made at the arsenal or that powder pouches be furnished.

Ample supply of 9 and 10 inch and 42-pounder shot and shell. A quantity of 12-pounder howitzer shrapnel and spherical case required; canister and grape for 8-inch and 32-pounders, large surplus, also of small ammunition. Paper friction tubes proved wothless.

I have the honor to remain, captain, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. HILL,

Captain Artillery, and Ordnance Officer.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,Morris Island, September 3, 1863-9 p.m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I arrived here last night about 11.30 p.m. and relieved General Colquitt, who left with his staff (including ordnance officer) this morning.

The Twenty-fifth South Carolina arrived and relieved the Eighth North Carolina, which left. The Thirty-second Georgia were also relieved, but the steamer did not wait for them, the last barge leaving Battery Gregg about 3 a.m. Hunter's company (A) relieved [Thomas K.] Legare's, company (F), Second South Carolina Artillery, and Kanapaux Light Artillery relieved detachment of Chatham Artillery. Inclosed morning reports will show the garrison I found here when the reliefs were completed. Captain T. B. Lee, engineer in charge, worked 50 men raising the left of the curtain (land side). He also superintended putting up some sand-bag protection for riflemen. Captain [M. M.] Gray planted a lot of torpedoes in front of this battery, during which one of his men, Thomas McNall, crawled upon a torpedo and exploded it, inflicting a very dangerous wound. The night passed quietly, the enemy made no demonstrations; they were observed working at their approaches about 3 a.m.

This morning the enemy fired mortars occasionally, from an early hour, but at 10.30 a.m. increased it suddenly for awhile, and one shell falling near the flanking curtain, killed 1 and wounded 3 slightly. (See surgeon's list inclosed.)* This fire slackened soon and was renewed at intervals during the day. No firing against Battery Gregg. Engineer work went on during the day by fits and starts, raising flank defenses on the left, to protect against a rush of the enemy by the beach, and making ramps for the field guns.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

