
their works during the early part of the night with five guns and the mortar, with a deplorable small supply of powder, and kept up the fire until about 11 p.m., when I received the following dispatch:

Colonel KEITT:

Three regiments of infantry are said to be advancing on Wagner.

H. H. ROGERS,

Aide-de-Camp.

In consequence of this, I immediately suspended fire, loading all the guns with grape and canister and putting all the infantry in position at the parapets, where they remained about two hours. I then allowed one-half to sleep until 3.30 a.m., when the whole garrison was again roused up. I had the mortar and 12-pounder howitzer and sea-coast howitzer on flank then fired, at 4 a.m. The enemy immediately replied to the fire of the sea-coast howitzer by a shot from the large Parrott gun on their stockade battery, which struck in front, throwing sand over the detachment. The gun was immediately masked, for fear of its being dismounted.

At 4.30 a.m. the enemy opened a mortar fire on this battery.

Between 500 and 600 pounds of powder arrived last night; 1,000 pounds are much needed and should be sent at once. I needed another water-boat and a small four or two oared dispatch-boat (with oars, &amp;c.) for the post at Battery Gregg. Do send them to-day.

The Twenty-fifth South Carolina will man them. I send this by Ordnance Sergeant Leathe, who can give further information about ordnance stores, &c., and who is charged to have two truck handspikes repaired for 10-inch columbiads. Please afford him all facilities.

Captain Johnson's company of Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery must be relieved to-day. Send two reserved companies of artillery and some information as to the use of hand-grenades.

Very respectfully, &c.,

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER,September 5, 1863-6 a.m.

CAPTAIN: I sent you by Sergeant Leathe this morning a report of affairs up to 4.30 a.m., and now commence journal for the day.

At that time the enemy had opened a mortar fire on this battery.

The dawning revealed a United STates flag planted on the enemy's work, 300 to 400 yards in front, this morning, and their main line strengthened, with probably a small advancement of the parallel which they have to run from about the termination of their main approach. Our riflemen opened early, and a field piece fired 2 shots, but the enemy opened slowly just before 5 with large Parrott guns, first at flank curtain and then at center curtain, with a few shots at the elevated points used by our sharpshooters. The Ironsides soon drew up to about 1,500 yards at, say, 5.20 a.m.; opened fire rapidly. I ordered one-fourth the infantry to remain on the lines, balance to seek shelter in the bomb-proof and passages. A few minutes ago 1 man (Private J. P. Worsham, [Joseph C.] Burgess' company,

31 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

