
at my request had come up to Battery Wagner in the morning. Upon examination, he expressed to me a doubt whether there was powder enough in the magazine to blow it up. I should state at this point that I had sent on Friday for an additional supply of powder, sending the requisition and my report as to the state of the garrison and of the day's proceedings by Major Warley, chief of artillery, who was wounded, and returned to the city in a small boat sent for the purpose. This boat was captured by the enemy's barges, and my report either taken, or destroyed by Major Warley. Of this capture I had no knowledge until Saturday night. The blowing up of the magazines was intrusted by me to brave and intelligent officers, who I think did their best to effect it. (See Huguenin's and Lesesne's reports, marked A and B.) The chief ordnance officer of the district came to Morris Island apparently to look after this, and was given every facility he asked for.

I did not attempt to destroy the bomb-proof at Wagner because, after consulting with Captain Lee, of the Engineers, I deemed it impracticable from the small quantity of combustible material at my disposal, and because any smoke would at once inform the enemy and stimulate him to pursue us by land and water. It must be remembered that the sand above the bomb-proof was considerably saturated with water, which dripped through in several places.

To Captain Huguenin, chief of artillery; Major Bryan, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant-Colonel Presley, commanding Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Dantzler, superintending embarkation, I am chiefly indebted for the success of the evacuation.

My thanks are due Mr. J. F. Mathewes, engineer corps, for the use of his boat and crew for moving troops and bringing me off at the last.

Captain [J. R.] Haines and Lieutenants [H.] Montgomery, [jr.,] and [R. A.] Blum, of the Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, three valuable officers, were killed at their posts of duty during the last of the siege. Let their names be honored.

I desire to record the faithful services of Privates [J. M.] Leathe, [J. A.] Stewart, and [John H.] Bond, of the Gist Guards, South Carolina Volunteers, who have remained voluntarily on duty at Battery Wagner almost the entire siege, always attentive and cool under fire. Stewart would make an excellent commissary and Leathe a practical and hard-working ordnance officer.

Lieutenant R. M. Stiles, engineer corps, creditably performed the duties assigned to him. Lieutenant [Robert S.] Millar, Company A, Second South Carolina Artillery, was distinguished for courage and for his cheerfulness, which was not diminished by a slight wound on the knee and by being stunned for half an hour.

To Major Bryan, of General Beauregard's staff, who volunteered as my adjutant-general, I am under the greatest obligations. Although at the time I was ordered to Morris Island to assume command of the forces there, he had a furlough to visit his father in Georgia, who was very ill, he promptly waived it and volunteered to go with me. His tact, coolness, experience, courage, and untiring industry were of the greatest service to me during the night and the day. His vigilance extended to every department and perpetually sought out means of increasing our resources and deficiencies.

In spite of severe indisposition, for several days I have made every exertion to meet the very unusual responsibilities imposed upon me.

