
rear face of the fort, where heretofore it would have been almost impossible to use infantry. I have the honor to report that, from the time I assumed command here, until 8 p.m. this day, when I was relieved by Colonel Keitt, I have prevented the enemy not only from approaching nearer to this battery, but from improving his works in range of our guns; this I did by firing upon him every night and during the day, whenever he attempted to work.

In conculding my report, I would respectfully call attention to Captain Hill, chief of ordnance, and Captain Chichester, chief of artillery, under my command, as officers who have discharged their duties in a most efficient and satisfactory manner. The garrison accounted for on this report have all discharged their duties in a satisfactory manner.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. P. HARRISON, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATTERY WAGNER,

August 26, 1863-p.m.

SIR: The enemy, by overwhelming force, have captured our rifle-pits and most of our pickets. They advanced some distance this side the pits, but I have driven them back.

Most of the guns on our land face have been so badly damaged that my chief of artillery assures me they can fire but a few more rounds without danger of being dismounted, hence I am firing on enemy with but a few guns, reserving these for an assault.

From the best information I can get, the enemy immediately in our front are about 2,000 strong, with infantry and light artillery. Hence it will take a strong force to regain the pits. I consider the pits of utmost importance to the safety of this work, but as my command is too small to assume the offensive, I respectfully ask for instructions.

I shall fight to the bitter end, unless I receive other instructions. I need artillerymen badly.

Very respectfully,

GEO. P. HARRISON, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 29, 1863.

Let General Ripley furnish all that may be required to hold Wagner long as practicable.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD],

General, Commanding.

