
all the officers of the department who were disposed to compete for appointment in the corps.

A board of officers for the examination of the enlisted men of this detachment, with a view to their transfer into the corps, has also been in session, having met on the 3rd of August, and continued its sessions from time to time, and now stands adjourned subject to the call of the president. It has examined 48 men, ad recommended the transfer of 42 to the corps.

I take pleasure in mentioning the following names of officers and men for gallant and meritorious conduct:

Lieutenant Hatfield was very much exposed, and performed his duty coolly and well under fire, in boats, with General Strong, and at every assault upon Fort Wagner and at the batteries on the right and left of our works. He was wounded slightly before Fort Wagner July 18.

Lieutenant Vidal, for efficiency under fire before Wagner and in the batteries on the 18th of July, and upon several other days. He also accompanied the expedition under Colonel Osborn to assault Sumter.

Lieutenant Cross, Brodie, and Hawkins, for efficiency during the expedition to James Island under General Terry, and for good conduct under fire on the 16th of July, when attacked by the enemy, their efficiency contributing on that occasion to the repulse of the enemy by directing the fire of our fleet, and preventing disaster to our troops from the gunboats firing into them. Lieutenant Brodie is highly spoken of by Captain Balch, of the Pawnee, for has conduct on this occasion.*

Lieutenant Cross has exhibited great bravery and energy in the trenches during the siege of Wagner.

Lieutenants Fenner, Bruyn, Carrique, Head, Weber, Stroop, and Dana have been under fire more or less at the batteries and Colonel Turner's headquarters at Beacon House, and have all conducted themselves well.

Lieutenants Dana and Weber deserve praise for their energy in working difficult stations for a long time without relief, and their readiness to perform all duty required.

Lieutenant Hickock exhibited bravery in the boats with General Strong on the 10th of July, and the assault on Wagner on the 18th of July, when he was slightly wounded.

Sergt. J. C. Wolverton, Corpls. O. N. Bender, George Maag, G. D. Rhinehart, C. F. Oestricher, Robert Bechtel, and H. W. George, and Privates W. H. Ramsay, J. Tilley, W. S. Marston, J. D. Proundman, W. Eddy, C. Abraham, A. J. Fowler, J. Vanderrault, S. M. Riely, T. Tracy, C. Cotter, C. H. Smedes, J. D. Emerson, J. G. Ford, A. E. C. Miller, H. W. Mason, G. Hawksworth, and C. P. Brigham, have all displayed bravery in the discharge of their duty under fire.

Sergeant Wolverton and Private Emerson have elicited the praise of the general officers of the trenches on many occasions by their fearless. Corporal Bender had the flag shot from his hands while signaling at the advance batteries.

Corporal Bender and Private Cotter were in the assault on Wagner on the 18th of July.

I forward herewith reports of the officers of their duty performed,

---------------

*See Balch to Myer, Lieutenant Brodie's reports, p. 583.

---------------

