
dark with the sea-coast howitzer and three 12-pounder howitzers, and intend annoying them during the night as much as possible.

I would suggest that a constant fire from the James Island batteries would assist us greatly, although the few shell they have thrown to-day have had rather too much range and are directed a little too much to the left, which I have telegraphed them repeatedly.

For want of 10-inch mortar shell and a detachment for this mortar, I have not been able to use this place since yesterday at all.

I omitted to state that the enemy fired several shell (Parrott) into the commissary storehouse, doing a good deal of damage, and I have directed the provisions removed; about 1,500 rations were destroyed.

About 200 rounds of 12-pounder howitzer shell are much needed, filled and without fuses.

The enemy exploded one torpedo to-night. The casualties to-day are 9 wounded.

I remain, sir, very respectfully,

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-I would further state that the re-enforcements sent me last night arrived as follows: The Eighth North Carolina about midnight, and the Twentieth South Carolina some twenty minutes before daylight.

From observation made by myself and Captain Champneys, chief engineer of the post, together with the reports of scouting parties and such of our men as escaped from the rifle-pits, I became satisfied that the enemy were too strong to justify an attack on our part. My decision in this matter was also strongly influenced by the want of information relative to the position of the torpedoes in our front, and from the fact that an advance on our part would have to be made by the flank, until within a very few paces of the enemy, and our line formed not only under easy fire of his infantry, but from several pieces of light artillery, which I knew he had in position. About 12 o'clock to-night, Brigadier-General Colquitt relieved me in command of the island.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 29, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: On a review of the reports of operations on Morris Island made by Colonel Harrison on 26th and 27th instant, the commanding general directs as follows:

Everything must be furnished, and nothing practicable be left undone, necessary or calculated to preserve our possession of Battery Wagner to the last possible moment.

A constant fire from the James Island batteries on the advanced positions of the enemy should be maintained; and, to insure greater accuracy, the commander at Battery Wagner should communicate, by signal, the effect of each shot, and thus correct any miscalculation in range or time of fuse. The commanders of the batteries on

