
the sea face (which is rather slight), the traverse in front of the 32-pounder at the right sally-port, and that in the rear of the hospital, the work is in good order.

Captain [T. B.] Lee, of the Engineers, arrived and relieved me. I accompanied him over the works.

Sunday, 30th. Worked as usual all day, and came off at night on board the steamer Sumter.

I noticed, upon more than one occasion, many of the enemy in rear of a house within their lines in our front. They pass beyond it, and apparently are at work, occasionally transporting something heavy. They may be possibly removing material to a point on the creek which flows into their line, passing by the right wall of Wagner and coming into the bay the vicinity of Battery Gregg. They may use this creek to flank Battery Wagner or attack it in near. A number of barges may noiselessly come down it, upon a dark night, and until they are immediately under the walls of the fort, cannot be observed.

A large barge was picked up in it a few days since. It was capable of holding 50 men. They may possibly be collecting or putting them together at a point upon this creek, both wide and deep. To defend this point against a advance, we have in the salient, one 42-pounder carronade, and at the sally-port on the right, immediately upon the banks of the creek, a 32-pounder. This face is otherwise undefended. This 32-pounder is immediately in advance of the sally-port and is wholly unprotected by traverse or ramp, and exposed to the fire of the battery of the enemy recently erected in the trees over the marsh.

Since my advent at Battery Wagner, the enemy have mounted, I think, in all seven guns upon new works.

It would be advisable to build immediately a small bomb-proof for the commissary department, in which provisions could be stored for time of siege. At present only two days' rations are received at a time at Battery Wagner, and if the enemy are successful in a flank movement upon Battery Gregg, Wagner would have but little in time of need.

Water of an interior quantity can be obtained by digging in the sand for it. Many rations were destroyed by a shell of the enemy on Wednesday.

From Battery Gregg I observed the brilliant calcium (or Drummond) light of the enemy. It shed a ray across the water to the batteries on James Island, and was distinctly visible upon the steamer at Battery Gregg.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. T. CHAMPNEYS,

Captain of Engineers.

Major [W. H.] ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer South Carolina, Engineer Bureau.

No. 30. Report of Mr. William Tennent, Jr., Assistant Engineer C. S. Service.

CHARLESTON, August 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On 2nd instant I received orders at Mellichamp's, James Island, at 4 p.m. to repair to Battery Gregg, Morris Island, and relieve Mr.

