
the fact to you, and requested that a gun might be sent. The answer to my dispatch was. "Are you sure the platform is ready? Look again and see." Not understanding the meaning of the answer, I made no reply. As soon as it became dark enough, I raised the gin and quickly mounted the 32-pounder to its position, having it all ready for action by 12 o'clock, and sent the gin to Cumming's Point where, it was required for moving a 10-inch columbiad. I moved from the chamber in which I mounted the 32-pounder an 8-inch siege howitzer to a platform on the right flank of the work, taking therefrom a 32-pounder carronade, which I placed on one of the flank embrasures, in place of a similar one dismounted the day previous bay shell from one of the monitors. I also at dark started a large fatigue party to throwing up a platform in rear of the curtain on the left flank of the work, upon which I determined to remount the 8-inch sea-coast howitzer, its carriage having arrived, and thereby strengthen the defense of the ditch and sea face of the work, which had therefore been inadequately protected by two 12-pounder howitzers. I also during the night assisted the engineer in superintending several working parties on different parts of the work. At 2.30 the working parties being nearly all relieved, by order of General Colquitt, I opened fire with one 8-inch shell gun, firing 3 shells at intervals of a half hour, but, owing to defective fuses, all failed to explode. I also fired 1 shell from the 10-inch sea-coast mortar, but it also failed to explode. (I would respectfully call attention to the condition of this mortar and its bed, and would suggest that it be put in order at once, as it can be made very effective against the enemy's works). I also fired 6 shells from the 32-pounder smooth-bore, 4 of which exploded immediately over the enemy's working parties. I continued this firing until daylight, at which time the enemy commenced a vigorous shelling from their mortars.

Monday, July 27.-I succeeded, by again giving my personal superintendence, in completing the platform on the flank curtain for the 8-inch sea-coast howitzer, moved the gin to the platform, and put the chassis and carriage in position ready for mounting. Telegraphed for relief for the artillery command. Also telegraphed again for a columbiad for the finished platform. Assisted the engineer in repairs in different portions of the work, especially at the sally-ports, which had been broken in by a mortar shell. Two of Captain Pringle's men were blown up and killed by a torpedo in front of the battery, whither they had gone during the cessation of firing while flags of truce were passing. They had been warned, and were called to and ordered to come in. They demonstrated that torpedoes will explode, when our own men step on them. Not being able to get the gin, was unable to mount the 8-inch howitzer, after dark, as I expected. Worked all night in assisting the engineer in necessary repairs, upon different parts of the work, feeling it my duty to give my assistance wherever necessary work is required, even though it be not in my own department, and regret to see that some others in authority are not actuated by the same motives. Captain Ramsey, engineer in chief, was relieved to-night by Captain Gregorie. I regretted to see Captain Ramsey leave, as his energy and perseverance have had much to do in keeping the work in as thorough a state of repair as it is. His labors been untiring.

Tuesday, July 28.-The enemy commenced shelling from their mortars at 4.30 o;clock, with great and accuracy . One shell buried itself the platform of one of the 8-inch shell guns and exploded,

