
the working force at getting up the other chases and carriage, which, while we were working at the gin, had been brought from Cumming's Point. Finding we had not men enough, at 1.30 o'clock I ordered out 50 of the artillerists and got 50 more men from the Fifty-fourth Georgia, and, with the assistance of these 100 extra men, succeeded in drawing the chassis upon the parapet, and along to the chamber in which it was to be mounted. During the night, Major Warley arrived and relieved me as chief of artillery. I accompanied him around the battery, making him familiar with the work and the ordnance, and extended all orders and instructions in operation. At 3 o'clock in company with Captain Harleston, I left the battery and walked to Cumming's Point, where the steamer Sumter was waiting to convey us to Fort Sumter and the city. I reached the city at 4.30 o'clock, and now that the effort of a strong will was no longer required to keep in operation the physical powers, I found myself sinking under my recent severe labors. With the utmost difficulty I reached my home, in a perfectly prostrate condition, and was kept from fainting away solely by the vigorous application of water and stimulant; was finally to bed, where rest and quiet will speedily me sufficiently to enable me to return to the battery.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

C. E. CHICHESTER,

Captain, No. 64, Church Street, Charleston.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATTERY WAGNER, August 16, 1863-12 m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I ordered our mortars to open yesterday afternoon upon a large force of the enemy engaged in erecting a battery on Thomas Island, and kept up the fire steadily until dark. I noticed that at every discharge of our mortars, as well as from those in Sumter, Gregg, and Shell Point, the working parties, consisting almost entirely of negroes, dropped all their working implements and ran for the ditches, showing that if a steady fire could be kept upon them their work could be greatly retarded.

Owing to the movement of troops anticipated in the early part of the night, I did not commence firing upon the enemy's works in our front until 9.30 o'clock. A monitor was discovered about 8.30 o'clock lying immediately in front of our battery. I fired 2 shots and 1 shell at her from our rifled 32-pounder, striking her, I think, once, as she moved her position immediately. I noticed about the same time several flashes were seen from a vessel to the left of our battery, which were shells fired from another monitor at our boats at Cumming's Point. I immediately fired 2 shells from our 10-inch columbiad in the direction, and was answered by a like number from the monitor.

I would again respectfully urge that some effort be made to place our iron-clad boat at anchor, some distance in front of Fort Sumter every night, and keep the monitors from penetrating so far into the harbor. They not only fire upon our boats at Cumming's Point, but signalize by rocket, their land batteries, which also open upon our boats. The monitors, furthermore, by signals correct the

