
ranges of the enemy's mortars during the night and make their fire much more effective than it would otherwise be, and from their position are able to fire directly into our rear.

Owing to the difficulty of getting ordnance stores from the city, and fearing consequently that we may run short of certain articles, I was compelled to fire quite slowly during the night. This cause, together with the delay occasioned in the early part of the night, enabled the enemy to do some work in our front, in the shape of a light abatis, being first work they have been able to do since last Sunday night one week ago.

I would respectfully recommend that the movement of troops from Fort Sumter to Cumming's Point be delayed until a later hour of the night; that our battery open vigorously at dusk, continuing for two or three hours, then cease for an hour, during which the movement can be made, as the enemy cease firing when we do. Such an arrangement would enable us to keep them from working in the early part of the night, and probably so annoy them as to prevent their doing any work.

I would respectfully report that the platform is all ready for mounting the 32-pounder smooth-bore on the land face in the salient angle, and we are only waiting for the chassis to accomplish it. The position which this gun will occupy, being a very prominent one, and as the flare of the embrasure and the size of the traverse circle gives it a large range, and will enable it to bear upon the enemy's works upon our extreme right, which no other gun in our battery now does, I would respectfully suggest that one of the 8-inch shell guns be taken from the chambers on the land face and placed in the salient, and the 32-pounder smooth-bore be put into its place.

I would also suggest that the 42-pounder carronade, now used for flank defense, be removed to the extreme right face of this work, where it can be advantageously used to the front upon the enemy's working parties with shell and grape. It can be replaced by a small howitzer.

I have two casualties to report among the artillery forces. One man slightly and one seriously wounded.

The following is a report of the number of shell fired since my last report:

Mortar, 32 shell; No 2, 8-inch siege howitzer, 6 shell; No. 5, 8-inch naval, 5 shell; No. 6, 32-pounder smooth-bore, 9 shell; No. 7, 32-pounder smooth-bore, 9 shell; No. 8, 8-inch, naval, 8 shell; No. 10, 8-inch siege howitzer, 6 shell; No. 11, 32-pounder, rifled, 1 shell, 2 shot; No. 13, 10-inch, columbiad, 2 shell; No. 14, 8-inch sea-coast howitzer, 8 shell. Total, 86 shell, 2 shot.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. CHICHESTER,

Captain, Chief of Artillery.

Major BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

I respectfully indorse the suggestions of the chief of artillery, within made, and further suggest that the proposed bomb-proof chamber on the right of the fort be pushed forward at once.

J. M. WAMPLER,

Captain of Engineers, in charge.

