
companies: Company B, Lucas' battalion, Captain Pringle; Company E, Charleston Battalion, Captain Miles; detachment from Company C, Siege Train, Gregg and a detachment from Company A, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, Lieutenant [James F.] Furman commanding.

The following is a statement of the number of shell fired last night:

No. 2, 8-inch siege howitzer, 7 shell; No. 5, 8-inch naval shell, 10 shell; No. 6, 32-pounder smooth-bore, 8 shell; No. 7, 32-pounder smooth-bore, 6 shell; No. 8, 8-inch naval; 11 shell; No. 10, 8-inch siege howitzer, 8 shell; No. 14, 8-inch sea-coast howitzer, 11 shell. Total, 61 shell.

Respectfully submitted.

C. E. CHICHESTER,

Captain, Chief of Artillery.

Major H. BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 32. Report of Major F. F. Warley, Second South Carolina Artillery, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS EAST LINES, JAMES ISLAND,August 6, 1863.

MAJOR: According to instructions from you, I ask leave to submit the following report:

On the night of the 30th ultimo, I relieved Captain Chichester as chief of artillery at Battery Wagner, and was in turn relieved by Lieutenant Colonel J. Welsman Brown, Second Regiment South Carolina Artillery this morning. During my tour of duty two 10-inch columbiads were mounted on the sea face of the battery. After much labor, these guns were gotten in fighting condition on the 5th instant.

On the 3rd instant, I received orders to dismount the 32-pounder on the sea face and to leave the carriage and chassis in position. I did so, but no gun being sent to replace it, I had it remounted during the night. I left it in position. The carriages of several of the guns on the land face had been slightly injured by the enemy's fire. These injuries I had repaired and am happy to say, that, when relieved, all the guns on this face were in fighting order.

The mortar on the extreme right of the battery had suffered some injury to its bed; this was repaired as well as possible. Its fire would not now, I think, be accurate, and I desire to repeat my recommendation, that a new bed be supplied.

The ordnance department at the battery is concluded amid much confusion, owing, I think, to the frequent changes of ordnance officers. I would recommend that the duties of the position be assigned to three officers, who shall relieve each other at short intervals. I would also make the same recommendation as to the chief of artillery.

There should at once be sent to the battery a full supply of such things as thumb-stalls, priming wires, gunners gimlets, lanyards, breech sights, gunners' levels, &amp;c.

I think the enemy are placing in position to our front a large numbers of mortars, and will soon be able, by continual firing, to keep our

