
working party from the parapet. I would recommend that mortars from Sumler be placed in position in the battery, or at different points in rear of it [about Cumming's Point.]

I have no further recommendation to make, or particulars to submit.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. WARLEY,

Major, Second Regiment South Carolina Artillery .

Major BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Call attention of district commander to paragraphs marked [in italics]. If mortars cannot be used to advantage in Sumter, they had better be sent to Cumming's Point at once.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD],

General, Commanding.

BATTERY WAGNER,

Morris Island, August 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the guns in position at this post:

No. 1, 32-pounder carronade, at western gorge, in good working order.

No. 2, 8-inch siege howitzer, on land face, in good working order.

No. 3, 32-pounder carronade, on land face, in good working order.

No. 4, 32-pounder carronade, on land face, in good working order.

No. 5, 8-inch naval shell gun, on land face, carriage very much injured by fragment of shell, but can be worked in assault.

No. 6, 32-pounder smooth-bore, on land face, carriage much injured by fragment of shell, but can be worked in an assault.

No. 7, 32-pounder smooth-bore, on land face, in good working order.

No. 8, 8-inch naval shell gun, on land face, in good working order.

No. 9, 42-pounder carronade, on land face, in good working order.

No. 10, 8-inch siege howitzer, on land face in salient, good working order.

No. 11, 32-pounder smooth-bore, on sea face, to bear upon the beach, in good working order.

No. 12, 10-inch columbiad, on sea face, in good working order.

No. 13, 10-inch columbiad, on sea face, unserviceable, chassis disabled by bursting of a 15-inch shell.

No. 14, 8-inch sea-coast howitzer, curtain outside of rear gorge, bearing on the land, in good working order.

In addition to the above, there is a 10-inch sea-coast mortar, on land curtain near western gorge, in working order; also two 12-pounder brass howitzers on curtain outside the rear gorge, bearing on the beach. I would further state that the rifled 32-pounder on the sea face was dismounted on the morning of the 19th, and the left trunnion broken off.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. WARLEY,

Chief of Artillery.

Captain MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

