
BATTERY WAGNER, September 3, 1863.

MAJOR: During the past night the enemy has been unusually quiet, only firing an occasional shell at this battery. The fire was kept up, from six of our guns and the mortar, on the enemy's lines during the night.

The works of the enemy have not been advanced, but they have materially strengthened their position.

The two 8-inch shell guns on the land face can only be used in an emergency, in consequence of injuries to their carriages, which have been frequently reported.

The columbiad are in fighting order; the chassis of one is badly issued and will I think break down if fired for any length of time.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. WARLEY,

Chief of Artillery.

Major HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Morning report of effective force of artillery on Morris Island, September 3, 1863.

Locality and command.	 Commissioned	 Enlisted men.

 officers.

At Battery Gregg:

Company E, 1st South	 2	 28

Carolina [Regular] Infantry

(acting as artillery),

Captain [R. Press.] Smith jr

Kanapaux Artillery	 ............	 8

Total	 2	 36

At Battery Wagner:

Kanapaux Artillery	 2	 36

Company E, 1st South	 1	 23

Carolina Infantry, Captain

Smith

Company E, Palmetto 	 2	 51

Battalion Light Artillery,

Captain Johnson

Company A, 2nd South Carolina	 4	 46

Artillery, Captain Hunter

Total	 9	 156

Grand total	 11	 192

Number of shots fired during the night, 168.

Respectfully submitted,

F. F. WARLEY,

Chief of Artillery.

[P. S.]-Five sick not included in the above.

No. 33. Report of Captain C. C. Pinckney, C. S. Artillery, Ordnance Officer, First Military District.

HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIST. S. C., ORD. DEPT.

Charleston, September 8, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions. I have the honor to submit the following statement of what passed under my observation at Battery Wagner on the night of the evacuation of that post.

On the evening of that day I took down some spikes, slow-match

