
Answer to question No. 2. We could not see any movements of the enemy on and about Folly Island.

Answer to question No. 3. I do not know the strength of the enemy's forces on Folly Island, nor can I form any idea.

Answer to question No. 4. The attack was made with artillery and infantry. They opened fire on our batteries from Little Folly with forty-three guns and mortars; also from four monitors on our left flank, and with howitzers, from barges on our right flank, they being in Folly Inlet. They shelled rapidly for about one hour and a half, and, under cover of this heavy fire, landed from barges, which came out of a creek to the westward of Little Folly, and on our right, upon Shell Point, about three regiments of infantry, and from other barges, which came directly across the inlet, and on our front, about three regiments more. The last-mentioned body of troops advanced in line directly up to our batteries, white those that landed, at Shell Point endeavored to flank our batteries by the right. They continued shelling heavily until these troops had all landed.

Answer to question No. 5. The forces on Morris Island consisted of Graham's regiment of infantry, I think about 350 strong, and a detachment of 40 men, Captain Haskell, First South Carolina Artillery. The artillery consisted of about 130 artillerists at the batteries at the scout end of Morris Island; at Battery Wagner, two small companies of artillery, about 85 effective men; at Cumming's Point, a detachment of about 40 men, making in all about 255 artillerists, as well as I can recollect, under my command. The batteries at the south end were under the immediate command of Captain Mitchel, First South Carolina (Regular) Artillery.

Battery Wagner was under the immediate command of Captain Chichester; Cumming's Point under the immediate command of Captain Lesesne, First South Carolina Artillery. All the forces were under the immediate command of Colonel Graham, Twenty-first Regiment South Carolina Volunteers. Re-enforcements, consisting of Nelson's battalion, I presume about 250 to 300 strong, arrived at Cumming's Point about the same time the enemy landed at Shell Point, on the opposite end of the island. They were then obliged to double-quick a distance of 3 miles over very heavy roads, and, consequently, were rendered almost ineffective when they met the enemy.

Answer to question No. 6. The attack of the enemy by infantry was, to a certain extent, a surprise, but the artillery attack was anticipated. The reason why I say the infantry attack was a surprise is, we had been informed frequently that the enemy's force on Folly Island was quite small, and had been, a few days before, decreased. Upon this information I immediately applied to the general commanding district for permission to form an expedition for the purpose of attacking the enemy on Folly Island. Such permission was granted, the expedition formed, and did actually start, but the weather was so unfavorable, and the surf so high that several of our boats were swamped, and we were compelled to abandon it at that time. This was attempted on the nights of the 7th and 8th of July .

Answer to question No. 7. The enemy landed at Shell Point and upon the beach directly in front of our batteries, at about 7 o'clock.

Answer to question No. 8. The artillery were all fighting their guns. The infantry I am not able to say the exact disposition of, as I was not in command.

Answer to question No. 9. The artillery was very badly supported,

