
to a very great extent owing to the small force of infantry and there being no line of defense to assist them in repelling so large a force.

Answer to question No. 10. The column that landed moved up to Shell Point by a flank, and on arriving at the head of this neck of land they deployed to the left and advanced in line as well as the topography of the ground would admit of.

Answer to question No. 11. I do not recollect the hour, but suppose it was about 8 o'clock when our troops commenced falling back. I do not know by whose order, but believe they were driven back by overpowering numbers.

Answer to question No. 12. The enemy followed up our retreat as far as Graham's headquarters, the monitors also keeping close along the shore and firing upon us. As soon as the enemy arrived as far as Graham's headquarters, Captain Chichester opened from Battery Wagner on them, in obedience to previous instructions from me, which fire checked their advance. They, however, threw out skirmishers, who advanced to within easy rifle-range of the battery.

Answer to question No. 13. The enemy opened on us with their artillery from Little Folly Island, directly in front of our batteries; on our left flank with four monitors, on our right flank from howitzers in charges which were in Folly Inlet.

The above statements are made entirely from memory and consequently there may by discrepancies as to numbers and time, but, I believe, generally, the statements are correct. Hoping that they may be verified by the statements of other officers, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH A YATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel First South Carolina Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ROMAN,

Assistant Inspector-General.

No. 39. Report of Captain H. R. Lesesne, First South Carolina Artillery.

CHARLESTON, September 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders received from Colonel Keitt I went to Battery Gregg on the morning of the 5th instant, and took command of the post. The battery was shelled heavily during the day by the enemy's land batteries, and for a part of the day by the Ironsides, causing considerable injury to the work and a number of casualties. I am not able to state the exact number. Information having been received that the enemy intended an attack by water on the battery, I had the guns of the battery trained on the most probable points of attack, double-loaded with canister, one 10-inch columbiad bearing on the beach front and one on the extreme point in rear. Two 12-pounder howitzers were placed on the beach to the right of the work, running from the right of Battery Gregg to the beach. The artillery was supported by Major Gardner, commanding the Twenty-seventh Georgia.

About 1.30 a.m. the enemy advanced upon the point in about twenty boats; when within 100 yards of the beach I opened upon

