
them with the 10-inch gun, followed by the howitzers. The infantry commenced firing shortly afterward. The enemy returned the fire with their boat howitzer and musketry. A few succeeded in landing, but quickly returned to their boats. After the fire had been kept up for about fifteen minutes, the whole force returned.

Our casualties were 1 man mortally, and about 5 slightly, wounded. The enemy's loss not known, but it is supposed to have been heavy.

The fire of the enemy was kept up steadily on the 6th until evening, material damage being done to the work. Casualties, 7.

Having received orders about 7.30 p.m. to hold myself in readiness to evacuate the work, spike the guns, and blow it up, with the assistance of Captain [F. D.] Lee and Lieutenant Stiles, of the engineers, I laid the safety match in loose powder in the magazine, running it out to the parapet of the work. The match was laid on planks, so as prevent any moisture from reaching it. The men composing the garrison of the battery were embarked immediately after the last of the Twenty-seventh Georgia. On receiving orders from Colonel Keitt, I spiked the two 10-inch guns, breaking the spikes flush off with the guns; had the field pieces spiked and thrown overboard, with all their ammunition, and directed Major Holcombe, commissary of subsistence, who had volunteered to assist me, to light the match. The match went out at first, but on being lighted again burned well. On Colonel Keitt's countermanding the order for lighting it was found impossible, to extinguish it, and it could not be cut with the knife which we had. This was but a few minutes before we left the point, and it was then within the doorway of the magazine and burning freely. I omitted to mention that the match was cut off to burn about fifteen minutes, it burning a foot in fifteen seconds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. LESESNE,

Captain First South Carolina Artillery.

Major HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

In repelling the boat attack, on night of the 5th, the field howitzers were commanded by Lieutenant [E. W.] Macbeth, Company A, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry [Third Artillery], who handled them with gallantry and skill.

H. BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 40. Report of Lieutenant T. George Dargan, First South Carolina Artillery.

BATTERY GREGG, August 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose the following extract from daily journal at this post:

On the 15th, about 25 shell thrown from 9-inch gun on right of battery, to annoy working party of the enemy at large battery west of Craig's Hill. Shell burst well, frequently interrupting working

