
firing. The monitor returned our fire slowly for a short time and then ceased. No injury to men or battery. In yesterday's bombardment, during the heaviest time of fire our flag was shot away, when Sergeant [William] Armstrong, of Company H, First Artillery, mounted the traverse and replaced it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. R. PRINGLE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

BATTERY GREGG, August 19, 1863.

MAJOR: I have discovered this morning a battery just this side of Black Island, in the marsh, and about 500 yards to the other side of the steamer Manigault. I would respectfully apply for information to know whether it is ours or the enemy's work. I have not yet of it, as the Shell Point batteries have not taken notice of it, and for that reason I am uncertain whose battery it is.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. PRINGLE,

Lieutenant, Commanding .

Major BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

BATTERY WAGNER, August 19, 1863.

The battery alluded to in the within communication is located at about 3,000 yards from Battery Gregg, and should be opened upon by any guns that can be brought to bear upon it. The location of this battery is one of great danger to this post, as the enemy will be enabled to enfilade our land face and drive the gunners from the sea dace also, if the work is allowed to be completed; considerable progress has already been made on the work.

Respectfully submitted.

ROBT. PRINGLE,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery.

Respectfully forwarded, and attention called to the indorsement of my acting chief of artillery. Lieutenant Pringle has been ordered to destroy or check this battery, if practicable, with his guns. I had supposed that the James Island batteries would prevent this work, and beg leave to repeat my request that their fire be directed against it.

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-It is impracticable for Battery Gregg to fire on it.

BATTERY GREGG, August 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following daily report:

At 9 a.m. I commenced fire on a battery that had been discovered early in the morning in the marsh near Black Island, but not

