
having fuses of sufficient length, the battery being 2,050 yards from this point, I ceased, and turned my 9-inch and 10-inch guns on the batteries on Morris Island that were playing on Sumter. The enemy vigorously, and quickly answered my fire, for one gun giving from six to eight in return, firing with great precision. Mu shells at this range were likewise bad, bursting either not at all or at the muzzle of the gun. The enemy threw one 10-pounder Parrott into the entrance of the bomb-proof, the only place of protection for my unengaged men, causing a part of it to cave in, and playing pretty great havoc with it.

At 12 m. the battery was visited by the chief of artillery, who, seeing how wretched our fuses were, and the damage done to the battery, ordered me to cease fire with the 9-inch Dahlgren, as it drew the enemy's fire directly on the bomb-proof. He likewise ordered firing to cease with the 10-inch gun, as our injury to the enemy was not great, and the carriage was so shattered from Monday's bombardment that a few more rounds would have dismounted it. The injury to our bomb-proof is quite severe, the traverse of our magazines a little injured. No men in this command have, however, suffered to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. PRINGLE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

No. 42. Report of Captain Warren Adams, Third South Carolina Artillery.

BATTERY BEE,

Sullivan's Island, July 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, most respectfully, to make the following report of the part borne by Companies H and I, First Regiment South Carolina (Regular) Infantry, in the engagement of Saturday, the 18th instant:

All of the artillery of Fort Wagner which was engaged during the bombardment of the enemy was manned and fought by detachments from these two companies, with the exception of two guns on the land face on the right of the 8-inch navy gun. The mortar battery, the 10-inch columbiad, and one 32-pounder were manned by detachments from Company I, under the command of Captain W. T. Tatom, First Lieutenant Jacob Youngblood, and Second Lieutenant Edward Mathewes, all of some company. One 42-pounder howitzer, one 8-inch navy gun, and one 32-pounder smooth-bore were manned by detachments from Company H, under the command of Captain Warren Adams, First Lieutenant J. H. Powe, and Second Lieutenant Waddy T. Means, all of same company. Second Lieutenant John G. K. Gourdin, of my company (H), was assigned to duty as assistant in the ordnance department, where he rendered very efficient service.

Two of the guns of my battery could only be effective against an infantry assault, but they were fired at intervals during the day to show the enemy the spirit of the troops in charge of them.

