
The 8-inch navy gun, commanded in person by Lieutenant James H. Powe, was gallant fought and did effective service on the enemy's land batteries and fortifications.

In the afternoon, two guns on the land face on the right of the 8-inch navy gun were manned by detachments from my company.

Only one of the guns, however, was in a fighting condition; consequently one of the detachments was ordered to report to the company. The other gun was fired only once, when its carriage was shattered severely by a projectile from the enemy's land batteries. The gun carriage, in my opinion, was so seriously damaged that another one of its own shots would have dismounted it, and the detachment was consequently withdrawn.

In the afternoon, Lieutenant Powe and most of his detachment were wounded, and Lieutenant Gourdin being the only officer of my company unhurt, was ordered to command the 8-inch navy gun, which he gallantly fought and held during the remainder of the engagement.

The 10-inch mortar was commanded in person by Captain Tatom; the 10-inch columbiad by Lieutenant Youngblood, and the 32-pounder smooth-bore by Lieutenant Mathewes, all of Company I. The 32-pounder was disabled and the detachment withdrawn. Lieutenant Mathewes assisted Lieutenant Youngblood, in the management of the 10-inch columbiad. The two companies also took part in the night assault.

It was in the night when Captain Tatom, at the head of a few of his men charging on the enemy, was killed on the parapet.

Our men of the two companies behaved bravely, showing a strong devotion to their country's cause.

Inclosed you will find a list* of the casualties of the two companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WARREN ADAMS,

Captain Co. H, 1st S. C. Inf., Commanding Detachment 1st Inf.

Captain H. C. CUNNINGHAM,

P. S.-Our command has been designated as the First South Carolina Artillery, and sometimes as the Second South Carolina Artillery, which is provoking, not only to the officers in command of the two companies, but to the officers of the entire regiment. Our companies belong to the First Regiment South Carolina (Regular) Infantry.+

No. 43. Reports of Captain Thomas A. Huguenin, Third South Carolina Artillery.

BATTERY WAGNER, September 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, most respectfully, to submit the following plan for the consideration of the proper authorities:

As chief of artillery of this post, I have noticed, with deep regret, that our present efforts to retard, if not finally stop the advance of

---------------

* Not found, but see p.406.

+ Known at C. S. War Department as the 3rd South Carolina Artillery.

---------------

