
the night, and on the morning of the 6th it was renewed with increased vigor.

By this time the artillery was greatly reduced by wounds and deaths, and what remained were nearly exhausted; still they stood gallantly to the guns, although not able to reply.

On the afternoon of the 5th, one 10-inch columbiad was disabled by a shot from the Ironsides, which knocked off the right trunnion where it joined with the rumbas.

On the afternoon of the 6th, the approach of the enemy was so near (30 or 40 yards) that but two guns could bear upon the head of the sap. One of these guns (the 8-inch sea-coast howitzer) had the chassis so much weakened that it would hardly have stood more than one or two shots.

The other events connected with the artillery portion of the garrison are detailed in my report of the evacuation.

The artillery troops consisted of the following companies: Detachment Company A, First South [Regular] Carolina Infantry; Lieutenant Wardlaw; Company A, Second Regiment Artillery, Captain Hunter; Company E, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, Captain Johnson; Kanapaux's light artillery, Captain Kanapaux.

The officers and soldiers behaved in a manner worthy of praise, with one exception, which was in the case of Lieutenant [W. D.] Scarborough, Company E, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, who left his gun with his detachment without orders.

Special notice is due to Lieutenant R. S. Millar, Second Artillery, for his coolness and strict discharge of duty. Also to Lieutenant J. L. Wardlaw, Company A, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry.

Early in the afternoon of the 5th the 32-pounder on the sea face was rendered partly unserviceable by a shot striking the elevating screw.

I write this report when in a state of much exhaustion, being compelled to return to duty at once on Sullivan's Island, and I hope the colonel commanding will excuse it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. HUGUENIN,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery.

Major HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 44. Report of Major James H. Rion, Seventh South Carolina Battalion.

BATTERY WAGNER,

Morris Island, July 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of orders from Brigadier-General Taliaferro, commanding Morris Island, I advanced last night about 12 p.m. upon the enemy's line upon this island, having with me 150 men from the Fifty-first North Carolina Volunteers, Twelfth Georgia Battalion, Eighteenth Georgia Battalion, Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers, and Seventh South Carolina Battalion. When the line of skirmishers arrived within 150 intervals of the boat-house (three-quarters of a mile distant), the advanced picket of the enemy fired upon them. This advanced picket was at once driven in, and, upon my right wing

