
out to discover the position of the enemy, and for that object to push as far as was safe. There was a picket support of 150 men in rear, and rifle-pits had been constructed 200 yards in advance of the fort, making the experiment perfectly safe. I think the loss of the enemy perhaps greater than stated by Major Rion, as a very heavy volley was fired upon the retiring Abolitionists a large force of their own men. The prisoners represent that a number of guns all some three mortars have been placed in position near Gregg's Hill; that they commenced moving the guns on Friday last. No intelligence could be obtained of the strength of the enemy. The very large picket force indicates that they had been looking for an attack.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS SULLIVAN'S ISLAND,September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In reply to circular from headquarters First Military District, I have the honor to state that Colonel Nelson's Seventh Battalion South Carolina Volunteers is the only portion of this command which was at Battery Wagner. Their colors were captured by the enemy in the assault of the 10th of July, near the south end of the island, and before they had fallen back to Wagner, but were not left in that work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain [EDWARD] WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 45. Report of Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard, Charleston Battalion.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that under orders from district headquarters, I reported for duty at Battery Wagner on Wednesday evening, the 15th instant, with five companies of my battalion. I have the no remarks to make upon any of the occurrences of the garrison, so far as my command is concerned, until Saturday, the 18th.

On that day the enemy commenced between 7 and 8 a.m. a heavy bombardment from their fleet in the channel and from the land batteries erected by them across Morris Island. The bombardment was kept up unremittingly until between 7 and 8 p.m. It may be proper here to state that for two or three hours in the afternoon it was most furious in its character. My command was exposed to its fury the whole day, never having left its position, and it is with pride I say it was not demoralized in consequence of its exposure. Soon after dusk, a violent assault was made upon the garrison by a strong force of infantry, which was repulsed by the garrison. Two of my companies (A and B) had been detached from my command and posted outside the garrison near the sally-port at the northeast portion of

