
the works. Of the operations of these two companies I cannot speak, as I was posted at the southwest portion of the work and remote from their position.

I herewith submit report* from Captain Blake, who commanded. The three companies (C, D, and F) under my immediate command met the infantry assault with great coolness and deliberation. This assault was repulsed in a short time, when I directed my men to cease firing; nor was it requisite to open fire with them again. Soon after I had ceased firing, Brigadier-General Taliaferro in person called upon me for a portion of my command to occupy one of the batteries on the sea face, which was then occupied by the enemy. Major [David] Ramsay was leading this detachment, when it was fired into, as is supposed, by some of our own troops, wounding the major and several others and killing 2.

My officers and men behaved with admirable coolness throughout the whole affair, and it is impossible to particularize when all behaved well. I cannot omit, however, to mention the gallant bearing of Captain W. H. Ryan, of Company C, who fell while leading a charge upon the battery occupied by the enemy.

I would also state that Sergeant [William] Shelton, of Company C, and Private John Flynn, of Company F, tied the garrison flag to a temporary staff and set it up on the parapet, when the flag fell from the cutting of the halyards, and this, too, under a severe fire.

I would also mention the conduct of Private [A.] Gilliland, of Company D, who, at a later hour and under a severe fire, set up a battle-flag which had been raised upon the parapets when the flag fell, and which was thrown down by the explosion of a shell in its vicinity.

Inclosed I submit a list of casualties.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. GAILLARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain [W. T.] TALIAFERRO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 46. Report of Captain Julius A. Blake, Charleston Battalion.

CHARLESTON, July 20, 1863.

COLONEL: At your request, I have the honor to report the part taken by Companies A and B, of your battalion, in the action of the 18th instant at Battery Wagner.

The position assigned us, as you are aware, was outside the fort, and to guard the left gorge and sally-port. Here we remained during the early part of the engagement and until one of the monitors passed so far up the channel as to enfilade our position, killing 1 man in Company B and striking several slightly in both companies. I then received an order to allow the men to seek the best protection they could find. Some sought it in the bomb-proofs, others with myself under the left curtain of the fort. Our first position was soon after completely torn up by shell, &amp;c. Upon the approach of

---------------

* See No. 46, following.

+ See p.406.

---------------

