
the enemy's infantry, Company B, Lieutenant [A. H.] Masterman commanding (Captain [Thomas Y.] Simons being officer of the day, and Lieutenant [William] Clarkson wounded), and my own company (A), formed at the parapet, of the left curtain to support the howitzers and defend that flank, where we remained during the entire infantry engagement. Our position was a very advantageous one, enabling us to enfilade the ditch and parapet of the work proper, as well as to fire upon the column advancing upon the beach. The right attacking column was, I think, by our fire and that of the splendidly-served howitzers, under Lieutenant [T. D.] Waties, First South Carolina Artillery (regulars) (after his wound under Captain De Pass), made to oblique to their left and toward your position, subjecting them to a severe cross-fire, causing their subsequent retreat.

Without particularizing, I take pride and pleasure in reporting that the officers and men under my command fought with great spirit and energy and did their duty well. The list of casualties has already been furnished.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JULIUS A. BLAKE,

Captain Company A, Charleston Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel P. C. GAILLARD,

Commanding Charleston Battalion.

P. S.-Late in the engagement I was re-enforced by one of the companies of the North Carolina regiments.

No. 47. Reports of Captain Robert Pringle, Lucas' Artillery Battalion.

BATTERY WAGNER,

Morris Island, August 18, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that none of the guns upon the land face have been injured to-day, excepting one of the smooth-bore 32-pounders. A fragment of shell struck the carriage just below the trunnion plate, going entirely through the cheek, thereby materially weakening the carriage, but not otherwise damaging the piece.

At 9 o'clock this morning, after firing about 20 shots from the rifled 32-pounder at one of the monitors, this gun was struck by a 15-inch shell from a monitor that had got in an enfilading position just on the left trunnion, and was dismounted, the trunnion being broken off, and the carriage completely disabled. The chassis was uninjured. The right 10-inch columbiad is in fighting condition, and was worked with effect against the monitors this morning.

The left 10-inch columbiad, is still disabled and unfit for use, no chassis having arrived to replace the one disabled yesterday.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT PRINGLE,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery.

Major BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

35 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

