
[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Captain Gregorie, engineer in charge, for his views.

By order of Colonel Keitt:

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

After an inspection of Battery Gregg this afternoon, I agree with Captain Pringle's suggestions, and have ordered the 9-inch gun to be placed in embrasure relative to the enemy's land batteries on Morris Island, and have ordered the bomb-proof to be repaired to-night in the best way possible, but consider it an insecure place under any circumstances.

J. W. GREGORIE,

Chief Engineer.

BATTERY WAGNER,

Morris Island, August 20, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that it being observed that the enemy were this morning advancing their works beyond the stockade by means of a sap-roller, so that their working parties were protected from the fire of our sharpshooters, pursuant to orders from the commanding officer, I ordered Captain Gregg, of the siege train, to open fire with his 8-inch siege howitzer, this being the only piece that could be brought to bear upon it. He did so, and fired 5 shells, improving in accuracy with each shot. I also ordered Lieutenant Colhoun, commanding Company B, Lucas' battalion, artillery, to open with his 8-inch shell gun and 32-pounder smooth-bore, in position on the land face. I did this not so much with the hope of damaging their works as to create a diversion in favor of the 8-inch siege howitzer, upon which the enemy were directing a very severe fire from their sharpshooters and land batteries. In less than thirty minutes after I opened fire, the Ironsides came into position, and opened an enfilade fire upon the guns engaged. My guns being now subjected to a very severe fire and in great danger of being dismounted, I deemed it prudent to cease firing and to close my embrasures, which I did at twenty minutes of 2 p.m.

I regret to state that Private [David] Cain, of Captain Gregg's company, was slightly wounded, and Sergeant [Robert C.] Rogers, of the same company, severely wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters, and Corporal [James] Mckin, of Company B, Lucas' battalion, artillery, slightly wounded by a fragment of 11-inch shell. No other casualties.

ROBERT PRINGLE,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery.

Major HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY WAGNER, August 20, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with the remark that the firing proved only temporary check to the enemy's operations, but seemed to be a useful diversion in favor of Fort Sumter.

LAWRENCE M. KEITT,Colonel, Commanding.

