
No. 48. Reports of Lieutenant R. C. Gilchrist, Lucas' Artillery Battalion.

BATTERY GREGG, August 22, 1863.

MAJOR: I would respectfully report that I opened fire with the Dahlgren and one of the 10-inch columbiads on one of the monitors opposite Battery Wagner this morning. There were two monitors, and the fire was concentrated on the one nearest to this battery. The Dahlgren fired 3 shots and the columbiad 6. The monitor was struck at least once. As they moved beyond range, after the ninth shot the firing ceased. This afternoon, the Dahlgren fired 1 shot at the nearest stockade, to get the range. The land batteries then immediately opened fire on this battery, but without effect. I also respectfully report a 12-pounder brass field howitzer, with its carriage, disabled and the gun useless, and would recommend that another be immediately procured, as the gun is too valuable to this battery to remain dismounted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GILCHRIST,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Major F. F. WARLEY,

Commanding Artillery, Morris Island.

BATTERY GREGG, August 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have nothing to report.

The day has been quiet at this post. The engineer endeavored to improve the time by repairing the damages done the battery, and in building a traverse to the left of the Dahlgren, gun, but the fatigue party was withdrawn at an early hour and the work was suspended.

I would respectfully request that a good detail be furnished this battery so as to complete the said traverse and repair the bomb-proof, which are absolutely necessary to the safety of the post.

Respectfully reported.

R. C. GILCHRIST,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Morris Island.

BATTERY GREGG, August 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report that monitors appeared off this point this morning at 3 o'clock. They opened on Sumter and were replied to by that fort, as the guns of this battery were difficult to trail, and as I had nothing but the flash of their guns to indicate the position of the monitors, I concluded it was best not to fire until I had light sufficient to render my aim exact; at day dawn I opened on them and fired whenever the fog permitted me to see them.

Four shots were fired from one of the 10-inch columbiads.

Later in the day, when the Ironsides opened on Battery Wagner, I returned her fire with 9 shots from the same columbiad, 3 of

