
them with considerable precision, 1 of which cut away from her a small four-oared boat, which I afterward secured as it was floating past this post. Several shots were fired at this battery by the land batteries of the enemy, but without effect; one columbiad carriage is so much injured that I will not fire that gun unless in cases of extreme necessity.

Respectfully reported.

R. C. GILCHRIST,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 49. Report of Captain W. L. De Pass, Palmetto Artillery Battalion.

BATTERY WAGNER,

Morris Island, July 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, in pursuance of your request, the action of my command in the repulse of the enemy in their assault upon the works of Battery Wagner made in the evening of the 18th ultimo [instant]:

One section howitzers (12-pounders), of Captain [F. D.] Blake's company, First Regiment South Carolina Artillery, under the charge of Lieutenant [T. D.] Waties, and one section howitzers (12-pounders), of Captain De Pass' company, of Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, constituted my command at the time of attack. The section under charge of Lieutenant Waties occupied the left of the works of Battery Wagner. The other section, under charge of Sergeant [J. F.] Holland, was assigned to the position on the beach upon the right and left of Battery Gregg, to guard the approaches to any barges of troops of the enemy, which may have attempted to land at the points designated during the night. The section under Lieutenant Waties opened fire upon the assaulting columns as soon as they came within effective range, the fire of the left piece being directed by him and the fire of the right piece by myself. The fire was kept with rapidity and precision, and soon told with evident effect upon the advancing foe. They wavered and were driven back with considerable confusion; however, they again rallied and made a second charge upon the left, gaining ground much in advance of their first attempt. The pieces were then well charged with canister, and did great execution in their ranks again driving the enemy back in a disorderly, scattering manner. The third advance, supported strongly by their reserves (judging by their increased numbers), was directed principally to storming the heights of the magazine considerably to the right of our position. The fire of the pieces was immediately directed to rake the ditch and its approaches in the front of the magazine. This told great slaughter, which, together with the infantry supports and a cross-fire from pieces of heavy artillery to the right of our position, drove back the enemy entirely from that portion of the works, excepting those that gained the parapet of the magazine, the dislodgment of whom was effected by others.

The pieces were manned at the commencement of the attack by the cannoneers of Captain Blake's company, but with diminished numbers. Their rapid depletion by wounds and deaths made it necessary

