
to supply their places with the detachments of Captain De Pass' company, under charge of Sergeant Holland, who was ordered from his position with his detachments. This order was promptly obeyed; the piece was assigned to Sergeant Holland (Lieutenant Waties having been wounded in the early part of the engagement), and the posts of disabled cannoneers were quickly supplied by the detachments of his section.

Special commendation is due to Lieutenant Waties (who was wounded in the early part of the engagement and compelled to retire) for his gallant bearing, cool and deliberate judgment, more especially manifested in the decided effect of his fire upon the enemy.

The captain commanding the light artillery takes much pleasure in speaking of the active assistance and energy rendered him by Sergeant Holland, who, by his example during the attack, infused spirit and energy into the men under him.

Sergeant [William] Ingerton, of the regulars, remained at his piece from the commencement to the end of the attack and to his coolness and capacity are due to a considerable extent the accuracy of the fire of his piece.

Corporals [W. J.] Campbell and [Michael] Hines (the former of Captain De Pass' company, the latter of Captain Blake's company) remained at their pieces until death and the end of the engagement relieved them.

It would be invidious to speak of a few when all behaved with spirit and courage, in relation to the cannoneers generally. With promptness and dispatch they obeyed orders, and ceased only to work at their pieces when the engagement ended.

The casualties in Captain Blake's detachments were 5 killed and wounded. In Captain De Pass' detachment, 2 killed and wounded. Total, 7 killed and wounded.

Very respectfully,

W. L. DE PASS,

Captain, Commanding Light Artillery, Battery Wagner.

General [WILLIAM B.] TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Forces on Morris Island.

No. 50. Reports of Colonel Charles H. Olmstead, First Volunteers, Georgia Infantry, commanding at Fort Johnson, James Island.*

August 13.-The water picket returned about 1 o'clock with the intelligence that the enemy had been discovered at Marsh Battery (though there was no sign of a working party.) Captain Mitchel immediately opened on that point, but with what effect in unknown. From the observatory, no change can be noted in the position of affairs on Morris Island. The detachment of sharpshooters from the Twenty-first South Carolina Regiment went over to Fort Wagner as ordered.

August 14.-Nothing special to report this morning.

August 15.-Our water picket went last night quite near to the Marsh Battery, and remained there some time, but discovered noth-

---------------

* Extracts from daily reports made to Captain William F. Nance, assistant adjutant-general, August 13-September 3.

---------------

