
ing. The lieutenant in command of Mathewes' artillery reports no casualties during recent to on Morris Island.

August 16.-The officer in charge of the water picket last night reports that he landed at the Marsh Battery in person, but discovered no signs of the enemy.

August 17.-The Twelfth and Eighteenth Georgia Battalions relieved from duty on Morris Island last night; the First Volunteers, Georgia, detained there by Colonel Keitt. The Twenty-first South Carolina went to Morris Island, as directed, leaving behind 4 officers and 40 men, as permanent boat picket.

August 18.-Lieutenant-Colonel Yates reports firing all day at Battery Cheves; he thinks with considerable annoyance to the enemy. Three of the guns mounted on ship's carriages were dismounted by their own recoil yesterday, and the fourth this morning.

August 19.-The weather was so boisterous last night that I considered it too dangerous to send out the water picket. The new batteries near Martello Tower and work on Fort Johnson are progressing rapidly. The movement of troops ordered was not carried into effect.

August 20.-The movement of troops ordered was carried into effect. List of casualties in the First Volunteers, Georgia Regiment, relieved last night:

One man killed and 1 wounded August 12; 1 man wounded August 15; 1 man killed and 1 wounded August 17; 1 man killed August 19.

August 21.-Yesterday passed off very quietly.

August 22.-My pickets report nothing this morning except opening of the enemy's new battery in the marsh.

August 23.-Yesterday the enemy opened on this post from one of his heavy batteries on Morris Island, wounding 3 men of the Twenty-first South Carolina. I have moved the infantry back some little distance from the edge of the woods, so as to get them out of the line of fire.

August 24.-[Report not found.]

August 25.-The enemy at work on a battery in the marsh, apparently southeast of the first one.

7.40 p. m.-The enemy are assaulting Battery Wagner, evidently in heavy force.

August 26.-[Report not found.]

August 27, 3.30 p. m.-Nothing of importance to communicate this morning. All of our batteries were brought to bear on the works in front of Wagner last night, between 6 and 7 o'clock, firing heavy for half an hour.

August 28.-The day passed quietly. Captain Chichester's company of artillery returned from Morris Island during the night.

August 29.-The day passed very quietly.

August 30.-The enemy's works between Battery Wagner and the rifle-pits can be plainly seen from the observatory. An unfortunate accident occurred at the wharf yesterday, by which 5 seamen of the Chicora were drowned. The submarine torpedo-boat became entangled in some way with ropes, was drawn on its side, filled, and went down. The bodies have not yet been recovered.

August 31.-The movement of troops ordered was carried into effect, so far as concerned those going from here to Morris Island. On the return trip, the steamer [Sumter] was fired into from Fort Moultrie, grounded, and the troops had to be taken off in small

