
boats. Some few waded ashore to this place, but the bulk of them were carried to the other side of the bay. The torpedo-boat sunk near the wharf; is not yet raised.

September 1.-The day passed quietly at this post.

11.30 p. m.-Six monitors are advancing, fort Moultrie firing briskly upon them.

September 2.-Nothing of importance to report this morning. The Twenty-fifth South Carolina started for Morris Island last night, but, after landing about two companies, the approach of the monitors compelled the steamer to return with the remainder of the regiment. The garrison was under arms all night.

September 3.-The enemy threw a few shells at this point yesterday afternoon, without injuring any one.

Numbers 51. Report of Major Edward Manigault, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery at Legare's Point, James Island.
HEADQUARTERS LEGARE'S POINT,James Island, July 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to call the attention of the proper authorities to the character and condition of the work constructed at Legare's Point.

These fortifications were commenced with the sole view of defense against an attack in barges from the direction of Black Island, or against batteries which might be erected on that island. They consist of short sections or portions of a parapet, each one long enough to cover a gun from fire in front, thick enough to resist cannon shot, and of a height such that guns mounted on siege-carriages might fire en barbette over them. These short parapets were disposed, at intervals of 35 to 40 yards, on a slightly curved line corresponding with the indentation of the shore. behind each of these short parapets, a platform was laid for a gun. A simple breastwork for riflemen connected these parapets together.

The platforms were laid, against my advice, with an inclination toward Black Island equal to that which is usually adopted with siege platforms, where the guns are intended to fire in one direction only. The result of this mode of construction is that, from the lowness of the parapet,the absence of epaulements or flank defenses, the stringing out of the guns on a line approximating a spright one, the absence of merlons and traverses, and the inclination of the platforms, the work is totally unfit for either bringing a fire to bear on, or sustaining a fire from, any other point but one nearly in the direction of Black Island. I do not hesitate to pronounce it, in its present condition, totally unfit to fire on, or sustain a fire from, Morris Island.

It is true that in the last two days traverses have been constructed, not between each two guns, but in the rear of the space between two guns. These traverses would afford no protection whatever to the guns unless they were withdrawn entirely from the platforms and placed behind the traverses, in which position they would be of no manner of use. If the battery is to be of any use against Morris Island, those guns which have sufficient range should be fired through embrasures of splay sufficient to give a field office corresponding to the distance from the advanced Yankee batteries on Morris Island

