
(or if desired from Craig's Hill) to Battery Wagner, and such guns as have not range sufficient had better be shut in entirely in that direction by merlons or traverses.

As none of our siege-carriages are constructed to admit of sufficient elevation to reach Morris Island (distance, 2 1/2 miles), when the wheels and trail are upon the same level, it would be well to dispense with platforms altogether for those guns intended to fire on that island; and, after leveling, packing, and ramming the platform space well, to leave it to the artillerists to lay planks for the wheels to rest on, while the trail will rest upon planks in the bottom of a trench dug for the express purpose of sinking or lowering the trail. This plan should only be adopted with those guns intended for very long range; the platforms for the other guns might remain as they are.

Again, if the battery should be called on to sustain a fire from Black Island from a superior number and caliber of guns, the small height over which it is possible to fire with guns mounted on siege-carriages would indicate the propriety of the use of embrasures in that direction also.

With the exception of the two or three guns which might be put in position at the extreme point facing Morris Island, there should be no obstruction to each gun's firing to the right over the parapet. With most of the guns, this would be in the direction of the creeks and marshes toward Secessionville.

I beg that this report may meet with immediate attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD MANIGAULT,

Major, Commanding Post.

Captain J. M. CARSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Royal's James Island.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, July 27, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded and recommended to the attention of the general commanding the department.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &amp;C.,Charleston, S. C., August 4, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Harris to know if the objections referred to by Major Manigault have been remedied where practicable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Charleston, August 6, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

Battery Haskell has been prepared for two guns on columbiad carriages and six siege guns in embrasures, to fire on Morris Ilsna from Graham's house and Battery Wagner, inclusive. One gun has been arranged to fire on Morris Island and the approaches to Secessionville, which is the only one that it is necessary or practicable to be made to bear in that direction. Orders have been given and are

