
now being executed for a similar arrangement in Battery Haskell for eight field pieces.

The traverse to which Major Manigault refers were constructed by my order for the purpose of protecting the pieces when not in position, which I considered important in the exposed condition of the battery, as at first constructed en barbette.

Battery Ryan and battery at the Point of Pines, when completed, will command Black Island and all the approaches to Secessionville, in conjunction with the eastern redoubt of the lines and the guns at Secessionville.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer.

Extracts from diary of Major Edward Manigault, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery at Legare's Point, August 19-September 7.*

August 19.-Opened fire at 5.30 a. m. with 8-inch columbiad and 30-pounder Parrott gun; also, shortly after, with 10-inch sea-coast mortar. At the thirteenth round, the 30-pounder Parrott gun burst; 1 man badly stunned and 1 slightly so; no other damage done; this took place at 7.45 a. m. After 4 shots with mortar, suspended firing it until I could communicate with Captain Mitchel at Battery Simkins, and make arrangements for signaling to me the range of our mortar shells.

The fuses, as before, proved very defective, very few of the shells bursting. At 11.30 a. m. commenced firing with the 4-inch Blakely gun. The shells failed to reach Morris Island, and after 9 shots we ceased firing.

At about 12 m. commenced firing 10-inch sea-coast mortar, Captain Mitchel having sent one of the signal corps to signal to us whether our shells fell short, went over, or proved correct.

Moved a rifle 24-pounder from Battery Ryan to Battery Haskell and put it in battery. Four 3 1/2-inch Blakely guns for Company A, South Carolina Siege Train, arrived about 12 o'clock last night from the Charleston Arsenal. Ceased firing at 6.45 p. m.

Mortar platform for Numbers 2 unserviceable, and needs being repaid.

The 8-inch columbiad fired 54 shells; the 30-pounder Parrott, 13 shells; the 4-inch Blakely, 9 shells; the 10-inch mortar, 18 shells.

I respectfully call your attention to the above note of the unserviceable condition of mortar platform Numbers 2. I hope that a requisition will be made immediately upon the engineers for its repair.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS EAST LINES,August 19, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, and attention asked to remarks upon fuses and mortar platform.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*These extracts were forwarded form day to day, those for August 19 and September 1-7 to Captain P. K. Molony, assistant adjutant-general, the others to Lieutenant E. K. Bryan, acting assistant adjutant-general, on duty at Brigadier General Johnson Hagood's headquarters; from there they were transmitted to department headquarters.

---------------

