
A considerable engineer force employed in finishing magazine at Battery Ryan (central battery or section). The magazine, which is in two compartments, is, however, small, and the water was dripping through it at 2 p. m. to-day.

At 2 p. m. the 8-inch navy shell gun (one of the guns from the Isaac P. Smith) was mounted in southeast angle of Redoubt Numbers 1. It is mounted on a columbiad carriage of pine wood, 1 1/2 inches too wide between the cheeks. The maximum elevation possible, 10^. The elevating screw is out of order.

At 2 p. m. Captain Smith arrival with one section of 8-inch siege howitzers, Company B, Siege Train, at Point of Pines, in accordance with orders previously given.

At about 4 p. m. Colonel Gonzales, chief of artillery, visited Battery Haskell, to inspect the condition of the same. (This inspection was in consequence of the unfavorable report of them which I sent to headquarters to-day.)

At 7 p. m. received orders to fire with all available guns on Morris Island to south of Battery Wagner, as the enemy was reported advancing in heavy force. Opened immediately from the 8-inch columbiad, and from 4.62-inch rifle and 24-pounder rifle (5.82-inch caliber), as soon as skids upon which the wheels rested (for elevation) could be turned in the new direction. (They had been trained on Marsh Battery Numbers 1, preparatory to night firing.) Fired 33 shells from the 8-inch rifle. As the firing of small-arms ceased in front of Battery Wagner, the fire of our guns was slackened and finally ceased also. It did not appear to us that an actual assault was made on Battery Wagner, as our men did not seem to be driven in from the rifle-pits in front of that work.

The enemy made many signals from Light-House Inlet during the engagement, by means of rockets, and red, blue, green, and white lights.

The infantry supports at Battery Haskell and Point of Pines were strongly re-enforced by Major Glover.

Heavy showers fell about this time, say 8.30 to 9 o'clock, and lighter one off and on until early in the morning.

At 1 a.m. two ordnance wagons arrived from Fort Johnson with ammunition, &amp;c., viz, fuses, gunners' pouches, 4-inch Blakely shells, 8-inch canister and grape, rammed and sponge, &c.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. 1ST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, August 28, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Wants noted [in italics] and ordered to be supplied at once.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, August 29, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, chief engineer, who will please attend at once to the wants of the battery at Legare's Point and return this paper to these headquarters.

By command of General Beauregard:

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

