
proper arrangements for him, &amp;c. In consequence, however, of several hours' delay at the Ashley River Bridge (which is undergoing repair), Captain smith did not report again to headquarters at Legare's Point until 8 p. m.

As a good many of the enemy were visible in the hills to the south of Fort Wagner, about 5 p. m. commenced firing on them with 8-inch columbiad and 4.62-inch rifle Numbers 1. Fourteen shots were fired from the 4.62-inch rifle and 10 from the columbiad. Only 1 of the shells from each gun burst, and in both cases they were short. Four of the shells from the 4.62-inch fell in the very midst of the enemy, but as they did not burst,it is not likely that much, if any, damage was done. They did not interrupt the enemy's operations. The practice with the 8-inch columbiad was rather wild, and none of its shells appeared to fall in immediate contiguity with the enemy (distance, 2 3/8 miles). At dark ceased firing, as no reliance could be had in our shells by night.

At 5 p. m. Lieutenant [J. A.] Brux and [R. E.] Mellichamp, of Company A, Siege Train, reported for duty at Battery Haskell.

At 5 p. m. the enemy fired 3 shots from east end of Black Island toward Battery Haskell. The shots appeared to come from a rifled piece of small caliber, say 30-pounder at most; but as all the shell broke or burst prematurely, one reached Battery Haskell, and it was impossible to judge what was the caliber of the piece used. After 3 shots the enemy ceased firing. No reply was made from Battery Haskell, as their fire was not at all annoying, and it was not deemed worth while to reply.

P. S.-Unusually quiet to-day. Very little firing on either side.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS JAMES ISLAND,September 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Attention particularly called to the fact, so often reported, of the worthlessness of the fuses furnished, which it is to be hoped will be improved. Also to the firing of the enemy from Black Island, and particularly to their opening with what I conceive to be boat howitzers. No works can be seen.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

September 4.-One of the 10-inch mortars remounted, but on an old pine mortar bed which will not probably stand many shots. The 4.62-inch rifle, which accidentally dismounted yesterday, was also remounted.

As the enemy was seen working very assiduously on a battery or breastwork in front of Battery Wagner, which is constructed on a line open to direct enfilading fire from Battery Haskell, at 1 p.m. we opened fire on him with the 4.62-inch gun Numbers 1. Fired 18 shells, of which 3 burst short, and 2 broke to pieces or burst prematurely. No others burst at all. Three or 4 shots were very good, and scattered the workmen, but they appear to be practiced hands, and returned instantly to work as soon as the danger was past, without one moment's delay or loss of time. About 3 p. m. ceased firing, to allow the gun to cool and the men to get their dinner. At 5 p. m. commenced firing from the same gun (which is by far the most accurate and reliable one we have) at the same point. Fired 18 shells, of which 3 burst short, and 3 of them exceedingly near the working

