
parties. We could not at the distance (2 3/8 miles) see if any one was injured, though observing with two glasses. The workmen scattered as usual whenever a shell went near them, but instantly returned to work as soon as the danger was past. At 6.15 p. m. the enemy's reliefs moved up from the neighborhood of Graham's headquarters. They appeared so numerous that it was supposed that an assault was intended, and fire was opened from the 8-inch columbiad on them. Six shells were thrown at them, but did not burst. By this time it became evident, from the number of men returning toward Graham's from the different batteries, that the body of men first seen was simply the relief. Ceased firing at dark.

The Marsh Battery Numbers 1, of which the parapet to the north was considerably damaged and displaced by the concussion of the gun, has been repaired. The muzzle of the gun which showed over the parapet no longer appears. From the indications noticed, it is likely that the damaged gun will soon be replaced by a new one.

Very respectfully firing during the night. An occasional shot from Battery Cheves toward Marsh Battery Numbers 1, and rifle battery to south of Graham's headquarters.

September 5.-The Ironsides and two or three monitors bombarded Battery Wagner from early dawn, the land batteries aiding slightly. This was continued until about midday. The bombardment was very heavy. Battery Wagner returned the fire slowly until about 10 a. m.

In the afternoon the bombardment was continued by the heavy rifle batteries near Graham's headquarters (the iron-clads having retired). The bombardment of the afternoon was also very severe.

About 5.30 p. m. we received notice from General Hagood that an attack on Cumming's Point was probable. All the available guns in Battery Haskell were immediately prepared for firing upon Morris Island in case of assault. While preparing the 4.62-inch gun, Numbers 3, for firing the gun was accidentally spiked by a gunner's gimlet breaking off the vent. For the time the gun was rendered unserviceable.

In the afternoon, 7 shots were fired from the 4.62-inch rifle, Numbers 1, upon Morris Island. Some of the shots were good, but only 1 shell burst. Six shots were also fired from the smooth-bore 24-pounder at second battery to north of Graham's headquarters. One of the shots struck very near the battery and made some of the gunners scatter (distance, 2 1/2 miles).

After nightfall, a monitor took up a position to northeast of Battery Gregg, occasionally firing, and being fired at from Battery Gregg. The Yankee land batteries at the same time shelled Wagner and the hills between Wagner and Gregg. Captain [John H.] Mickler came to Legare's Point to-day about 2.30 p. m., preparing for some scouting expedition.

September 6.-At 1 a. m. precisely, being about one hour after the moon had risen, the Yankees attacked Cumming's Point in barges. A heavy fire from the enemy's boat howitzers, and from two of our 12-pounder howitzers, together with a sharp musketry fire, opened the attack. Battery Gregg does not appear to have fired her heavy guns at all. The Yankee land batteries immediately commenced to shell Wagner heavily, and also that portion of the island between Gregg and Wagner. The James Island batteries immediately directed their fire against different points of the enemy's batteries on Morris Island. The fire of the 8-inch columbiad, one 24-pounder rifle, one 24-pounder

36 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

