
smooth-bore, and one 4.62-inch rifle, in Battery Haskell, was directed at a calcium light visible on one of the mortar batteries, between one-fourth and one-half mile south of Battery Wagner. One 10-inch mortar was fired toward a battery still farther to the south. The 8-inch columbiad was fired fourteen times; the 10-inch mortar, thirteen times; the 4.62-inch rifle, seven times. As it was night, we did not ascertain if any damage was done by our fire. After twenty or thirty minutes, the attack on Cumming's Point ceased, and the attacking party was repulsed. The fire on both sides gradually occasional shots were fired from our batteries in return. At 3.30 a. m. dismissed the men from their guns. At day dawn the Iron-sides and two or three monitors commenced a heavy bombardment of Battery Wagner. This was continued by the land batteries in the afternoon.

I sent to headquarters the following papers: (1) Weekly return of ordnance at Battery Haskell (for Colonel Waddy). (2) Weekly return of ordnance at Redoubt Numbers 1, for same officer. (3) Return of small-arms, accouterments, and ammunition, to Lieutenant H. C. Cunningham, ordnance officer. (4) Requisition for mechanic to drill vent of 4.62-inch rifle; for friction tubes (1,000), and for nails to strap shells. (5) Captain Webb's return of light artillery to Colonel Gonzales. (6) Note to Captain Taliaferro about an objectionable part of my diary of 31st August.

About 12 m. a barbette carriage and chassis arrived at Battery Haskell for a double-banded 24-pounder rifle. This description of carriage does not give a field of fire sufficient for the position in which it is proposed to place the gun. It wold have been infinitely better if the gun could be traversed on a full circle.

At 3.30 p. m. a double-banded 24-pounder was brought to Battery Haskell. Inner band, 31 inches by 1 5/8 inches thick. Outer band, 25 3/4 inches by 1 3/4 inches. Also, about dark, 54 immensely heavy solid conical shot for same gun. I think they will necessarily string the gun. At 7 p. m. received notice that Moriss Island will be evacuated to-night, with orders to have every available gun ready to check the advance of the Yankees on our retreating troops. The guns were accordingly prepared and the detachments at their posts. Up to 12 o'clock there was nothing to indicate that such a movement was intended.

September 7.-About 2 a. m. the Yankees appeared to have become aware that some unusual movement was going on, for they ceased firing into Fort Wagner, and commenced shelling the ground between Wagner and Gregg tolerably vigorously.

At 3 a. m. 3 rockets were thrown up from the direction of Shell Point, which was the signal previously arranged for opening fire upon the sites of Batteries Wagner and Gregg (it had been intended to blow up those works). As the expected destruction of the works had not taken place, and as Colonel Yates, at Fort Johnson, so much nearer the scene of operations, had not opened fire, I hesitated to fire for some minutes. Under General Taliaferro's direction (who passed the night from about 10 p. m. to 3.30 a. m. at Battery Haskell), I dispatched a courier to Colonel Yates to inquire if any change had been-made in the signals previously decided on. In the meantime commenced firing slowly upon Morris Island to south of Battery Wagner, and gradually (as Colonel Yates' reply did not arrive) upon

