
Battery Wagner itself. Fired till daylight, and then ceased. The Second Battalion, Twenty-fifth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, from Battery Wagner, arrived at their camp at Legare's shortly before day. They left this point to got to Morris Island on Tuesday evening, September 1. Some of the companies went over that night, and the rest the next night, Battery Simins and Cheves firing upon Gregg and Wagner and the intervening space during the day. The enemy did not return the fire. Battery Haskell did not fire until about 5 p. m., and then only a few shots.

The engineer hands engaged in constructing a covered way and causeway from the mortar battery on right flank of Battery Haskell to the covered way already constructed on north side of the road to the point.

At 6.15 p. m. the Ironsides and five monitors entered the harbor (above Battery Gregg) and had na engagement, lasting from forty-five to sixty minutes, with Fort Moultrie and Batteries Bee and Beauregard. The firing was at long range. Shortly after 7 p. m. the iron-clads retired. General Hagood visited Battery Haskell at nightfall and gave certain directions for increased vigilance. He afterward visited Battery Ryan and gave similar directions. The shots fired from Battery Haskell on Morris Island from 3.30 a. m. to daybreak were as follows: 10-inch mortar, 8 shots; 8-inch columbiad, 4 shots; 24-pounder smooth-bore, 7 shots; 24-pounder rifle, 4 shots; 4.62-inch rifle, 4 shots. Total, 27.

Numbers 52. Report of Captain John C. Mitchel, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding battery at Shell Point, James Island.

FORT JOHNSON, July 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that that carriage sent for the Brooke gun does not fit its chassis; that the bed of one of the mortars does not fit its piece; that the pintle of the Brooke did not fit the chases (this last I have remedied), and, in fact, very little of the material sent from the arsenal does fit. Mr. La Coste goes up tonight, either to get another chassis for the Brooke or tools with which to alter it. I should also be much obliged if either Private Cullum or Private McCall should be sent me for a day from Fort Sumter.

Soon after opening fire this evening the enemy commenced firing, when the owners of the negro hands immediately withdrew them. The magazine is not yet finished-in fact, hardly commenced-and the transportation of ammunition to the guns from the depot can be easily cut off, nor can I, of corse, keep much at the guns and mortars. Would it not be well to hurry up the magazine, and not tempt them to fire until it is ready? Besides, there are 50,000 pounds of powder in a wooden house here, exposed to their fire, and plenty of loaded shells.

I have just got the range of their (the enemy's) mortar battery with the 10-inch columbiad, but have not done them apparently any damage.

I have, captain, the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. MITCHELL,

Captain, First South Carolina Artillery.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Military District.

