
Captain B. E. Dickson's company (E), Second South Carolina Artillery. Stallings' company sent to Morris Island.

July 30.-Firing continued with same results. Fuses very bad-worthless. Enemy replying in the afternoon.

July 31.-Firing continued. Directed to right and left of Graham's headquarters. Fuses no better.

August 1.-Firing continued as on yesterday, with same results.

August 1, 2.-Fired during the night at fifteen-minute intervals, ceasing at 6 a. m. About noon commenced firing with the columbiads, firing three discharges to ascertain range. At 2 p. m. commencedagain with columbiads, firing rapidly some twenty-five times. Continued the fire with mortars, at from five to fifteen minute intervals, till midnight. Range generally good. Shells burst pretty well. Mortar fire excellent.

August 3.-No record.

August 4.-Firing very little during the day. Chiefly from mortar battery. Toward evening increased in rapidity. At night fired at fifteen-minute intervals at Black Island and the batteries on left of Graham's headquarters.

August 5.-No record.

August 6.-Commenced firing at 6 p. m. (August 5), from mortars, and continued till 5 o'clock this morning. Intervals, fifteen minutes.

August 7.-No firing until evening. Commenced t 6 p. m., with columbiads and mortars, at the works on Morris Island. The columbiads ceased at 7.30 p. m. Mortars continued, at fifteen-minute intervals, during the night.

August 8.-Opened with columbiads at 5 p. m. at the Morris Island works. Ceased at 7 p. m. with columbiads and opened with mortars, which fired at fifteen-minute intervals through the night.

August 9.-Fired from 6 to 7 p. m., with columbiads and mortars, at the Morris Island works. Continued the fire with mortars, at intervals of fifteen minutes, during the night.

August 10.-Opened fire with columbiads at 11 a. m., and continued till 11 p. m., on the enemy's works on Morris Island. Commenced with mortars at 6 p. m., and continued till morning at intervals of twelve minutes.

August 11, 12.-No record.

August 13.-No firing till 5 p. m., when columbiads commenced and fired a few shots. Mortars commenced at 6.30 p. m., and fired all night at ten-minute intervals.

August 14.-The day passed off comparatively quiet at this point. At 6 a. m. a few mortars commenced, and continued at intervals of fifteen minutes through the night. The amount of damage done the [enemy] unknown, but the firing was very good.

August 15.-Very little firing on either side. A few rounds from columbiads in the afternoon, but ceased at night. Commenced with mortars at 6.30 p. m., and continued through the night at interval of ten minutes.

August 16.-At 4 p. m. fired a few rounds from columbiads. Commenced firing with mortars at 6.30 p. m., continued at intervals of fifteen minutes during the night.

August 17.-Commenced firing with columbiads and mortars at 6.30, and continued very rapidly until 1 o'clock, when ceased with mortars and continued with columbiads until evening. An occasional mortar was fired through the night; all on the enemy's batteries on Morris Island.

