
August 18.-Commenced firing with columbiads and mortars at 4 o'clock and continued until 12, when ceased the mortar firing and continued with columbiads but a few rounds and ceased with them.

August 19.-Firing steady all day from the two Brooke rifles and columbiads. At 6 o'clock commenced with mortars, and continued all night a intervals of ten or fifteen minutes. At dark an officer and detachment of men were sent to each battery at Fort Johnson, and there remained all night, to be in readiness should their services be needed.

August 20.-Fired slowly but constantly all day from columbiads and mortars. Mortar fire continued all night at intervals of ten minutes. The Brooke rifles also kept up a constant fire on the enemy's works on Morris Island. No reply to our fire.

August 21.-Continued firing through the day with columbiads and mortars at intervals of from five to ten minutes. At night ceased to some extent, but continued at longer intervals, from fifteen to twenty minutes, through the night.

August 22.-Constant fire kept up from columbiads, mortars and Brooke guns, on the enemy's works on Morris Island, and the battery in the marsh, until stopped by flag of truce.

August 23-26.-No record.

August 27.-Firing from columbiads at intervals through the day. At night commenced with mortars, and continued until 6 o'clock this morning, at intervals of from fifteen to twenty minutes, on the enemy's works on Morris Island.

August 28.-All quiet up to 8 p. m., when commenced with mortars, and continued, at intervals of fifteen minutes, until 3 a. m.

August 29.-All quiet during the day. At 6 p. m. a few columbiad shells thrown. At night mortar practice continued through the night at intervals of twenty minutes. All quiet this morning.

August 30.-Firing continued very slowly through the day from columbiads. At night commenced with mortars. Fired-rounds at the enemy's works on Morris Island. Effect unknown.

August 31.-Very little firing from either battery. Effect unknown. One dozen rounds fired only.

September 1.-Fired from Brooke gun, 11 rounds (shells), with 8-pound cartridges; from columbiads, 12 rounds (shells), with good effect; from mortars, 9 rounds-effect good.

Battery Cheves* fired 45 shots. Effect good.

September 2.-Fired 13 shots from columbiad battery. Effect good. Mortars and Brooke gun not firing.

Battery Cheves fired 50 solid shot and 55 shells.

September 3.+-Fired 10 rounds (shot) from columbiad battery. Effect tolerably good. Four rounds, from mortar battery. Effect good.

Battery Cheves fired 27 solid shot and 30 shells. Effect good.

September 4, 5.-No record.

September 6.-Columbiad battery fired 69 round; mortar battery, 70 rounds. Effect supposed to be tolerably good on enemy's works on Morris Island.

Battery Cheves fired up to 6 a. m. 32 shells.

September 7.-Fired 80 rounds from columbiad battery and 170 rounds from mortar battery. Effect supposed to be tolerably good.

---------------

*Between Legare's and Shell Point; named as above, August 21, 1863.

+Exhibit for this date signed by Lieutenant-Colonel Yates.

---------------

