HEADQUARTERS LEGARE'S POINT,August 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report no charge on this front during the past twenty-four hours. On yesterday the fire from Battery Haskell was resumed at 8 a. m., with the 8-inch columbiad. Having received orders from headquarters to open fire on Marsh Battery at 10 p. m. with all of our available guns, commenced firing at 3 p. m., 8-inch sea-coast howitzer and 4-inch Blakely gun on said battery, in order to ascertain the direction and range for night firing, the other guns being already trailed. At 10 p. m. opened fire on battery in marsh from the 8-inch columbiad, 8-inch sea-coast howitzers, 4-inch Blakely, 24-pounder rifle, 24-pounder smooth-bore, and 4.62-inch rifle, and continued a steady fire until 12 p. m. At 1.30 a. m. received instructions to reserve our fire, so as to open on enemy should he begin firing. The enemy did not return our fire, but from battery in marsh threw 19 shells in the direction of the city; 3 or 4 o these broke to pieces or burst prematurely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. V. GLOVER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 54. Reports of Captain Samuel Le Roy Hammond, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry.

CAMP HAGOOD, August 5, 1863.

MAJOR: Agreeably to your instructions, I proceeded on Monday evening, with 2 men, to Black Island. After reaching the marsh of the island, the boat was secured, and at low tide we crossed over about 500 yards of marsh, very boggy, skunking sometimes to our hips, and crawled past, and within 30 yards of, the Yankee picket post. Heard the pickets laughing and talking; saw them. We gained a thicket and awaited daylight. The enemy has no batteries on Black Island that I can see. About one company, say, 60 to 70 men, on the island. The undergrowth on the side of the island fronting Morris Island has bene cleared away. I do not think any battery has been erected for the purpose of commanding Black Island, though I believe the guns of several can be turned against it. Yesterday the enemy was all around us; once we were narrowed down to a circle of about 200 yards. Remained all day; climbed trees; took observations, and passing the enemy's pickets again, so near that we could hear them tailing, recrossed the marsh, gained the boat, and returned to camp.

A shell from one of our batteries struck about the center of Black Island last night. It passed quite near and exploded a little to the rear of us.

Respectfully submitted.

SAMUEL LE ROY HAMMOND,

Captain Company H, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Vols.

Major JOHN V. GLOVER,

Commanding, Legare's Point.

