
over the epaulement as a scarecrow. The battery is triangular in shape, about 20 feet high, with 15 feet as width of epaulement, and situated about a mile or a mile and a quarter from Graham's old headquarters, and a short distance to the left or nearer Fort Sumter.

Unless the branch creek Thomas Island Creek is wider and deeper than the one branching from Black Island Creek, it wold be difficult to reach the battery, as troops could not pass any distance over the marsh.

There is a kind of causeway, hard road, or path leading from Morris Island to the battery.

SAMUEL LE ROY HAMMOND,

Captain Yeadon Light Infantry, 25th Regiment S. C. Vols.

Numbers 55. Report of Corpl. D. L. Crawley, Company A, Twenty-second Battalion, Georgia Artillery.

CHARLESTON, July 22, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with your order I respectfully submit the following report:

A detachment from Company A, Twenty-second Battalion, Georgia Artillery, under my command as gunner, had charge of a 32-pounder howitzer, almost directly under the flag.

The flag having been shot down by the enemy's fire, with the assistance of Private W. J. McLeroy, of my detachment, I mounted the parapet and hoisted it again. In about ten minutes it was shot down and torn into tatters, and was not again hoisted.

As the enemy approached in line of battle, we fired twice. At the second fire the piece was trailed so far to the right that its rebound threw it off the platform, and it was impossible to work it any longer. The enemy was now approaching the left wing of the battery. The first port-hole to the left was closed. The second was open, but the howitzer was not in fighting order. The party in charge of the piece first on our left having abandoned it, my detachment, with the assistance of some members of the Fifty-first North Carolina Regiment, moved this piece to the second port-hole to the left, which gave a bearing on the left flank of the enemy as they were crossing the ditch on the left flank of the enemy as they were crossing the ditch on the left wing of the battery. We fired the piece in this position with grape and canister-eight times, at which time the enemy ceased firing.

The last eight loads completely swept the enemy's lines and caused terrible havoc.

The foregoing is a correct statement of the part taken by my detachment in the conflict at Battery Wagner on Saturday, July 18, 1863.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. L. CRAWLEY,

Corporal, Co. A, Twenty-second Battalion, Georgia, Art.

Brigadier-General TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Forces on Morris Island.

