
Numbers 56. Reports of Colonel Alfred Rhett, First South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Sumter.*

July 10, 5.10 a. m.-The enemy have just opened heavy fire on Mitchel.

July 10, 5.50 a. m.-Monitors in motion. Think they are going to cross the bar. Can see distinctly barges already loaded with men, concealed behind Little Folly Island. Captain King has counted 15.

July 10, 6.10 a. m.-Mitchel is replying slowly from his guns. Three monitors have crossed the bar and are moving up to Morris Island.

July 10.-Monitors firing slowly at Battery Wagner without much effect. Everything the same.

July 10 (to General Ripley).-I have just received the following unofficial note from Captain Lesesne at Cumming's Point:

There have been several wounded; no offices as far as known. Enemy have landed 800 or 1,000 men on Oyster Point. Colonel Yates has jut told me that he cannot hold the battery, and ordered me to project his retread as far as possible. The whole island is in most imminent danger.

H. R. LESESNE.

July 10, 6.50.-The following messages have just been received here by signal from Morris Island:

JULY 10, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy have opened from Little Folly with eighty-nine pieces of artillery. Hurry up re-enforcements.

GRAHAN,

Colonel.

JULY 10, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Three monitors are approaching now inside the bar.

W. E. STONEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 10, 1863.

General RIPLEY:

The enemy opened a terrible fire with light artillery. Send re-enforcements immediately.

YATES,

Colonel.

July 10.-The monitors have ceased firing. Battery Wagner is firing slowly. We are throwing shells on the island. General Ripley is on Morris Island.

July 11.-The following message has just been received for General Ripley:

MORRIS ISLAND, July 11.

General RIPLEY:

Send, if possible, at once a light battery of howitzers. I can use them with great effect.

R. F. GRAHAM.

---------------

*Being extracts from daily reports and journal of the defense, forwarded by him front day to day, July 10-August 12.

---------------

