
completed. A hastily constructed wharf opposite the new sallyport, which is being cut, has been made. Company I, 30 men, left this post during the night, under orders to report to Captain Mitchel, commanding batteries on Shell Point, James Island.

July 19 (extract from journal).-The day was comparatively quiet, the enemy having sent in a flag of truce in the morning, and our men being engaged in burying the dead of both sides. The steamer Margaret and Jessie ran the blockade and passed the fort at 12 m. last night. She was unmolested by the enemy's fleet. Several barges loaded with men were seen to come from a large frigate outside just at dusk and lay off the position occupied by the Ironsides.

As a precaution, the garrison slept at the guns during the entire night.

One gun was fired from this post at 8.30 a. m. to clean the piece.

The engineer work is still progressing and the rooms on the gorge face are being filled with cotton and sand. Most of the work is done at night.

July 20 (telegram).-We got her range. The Ironsides drew off and has ceased firing.

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, July 25, 1863.-6.15 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded for information. Seeing the Ironsides come

up, I directed Colonel Rhett and Captain Lesesne to open at long range. The result is as reported, and I hope the usual prudence of the commander of the Ironsides will permit further experiments for some time.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

July 20.-At 3.30 a. m. the steamer Sumter got aground 500 yards in front of the fort, and after having taken 50 men off she was got afloat and proceeded safely to the city.

11.20 a. m.-The enemy's batteries, fleet and land, opened fire upon Battery Wagner, and continued fire till 6.20 p. m., when the fleet ceased. The mortar batteries kept up fire during the entire fire.

At 2 p. m. a shell from enemy's batteries struck the fort, and a continuous fire upon us was kept up till dark. One shot struck cotton-bale defenses of parapet and set it afire. Drummer-boy [John] Graham, Company E, severally wounded.

At 3.30 p. m. Captain Mitchel's battery, on Shell Point, opened fire.

At 3.57 Fort Sumter opened fire on Ironsides and enemy's batteries.

At 4.30 Ironsides retired.

At 6.45 a river steamer off Battery Wagner with eight barges in tow.

The night was extremely quiet with the exception of enemy's mortars firing upon Battery Wagner.

There were 17 shots fired upon the enemy from this fort during the afternoon. The engineer work is still progressing, and the new sally-port is nearly completed.

