
July 21.-The enemy have erected three batteries this side of Graham's headquarters. We can see apparently six new embrasures also, extending the battery across the island. They have erected a telegraph connecting Big Folly with Little Folly.

July 21 (extract from journal).-We have been unable to dismount the guns ordered to be sent away, on account of not having the proper implements.

The enemy have apparently mounted eight new guns on their batteries, this side of Graham's house.

At 11.20 a. m. the enemy's land batteries and two wooden gunboats commenced to shell Battery Wagner. This was kept up till evening. No firing took place here.

The new sally-port has been nearly completed. The wharf on western face has been floored and is now capable of bearing heavy guns. One of the lower rooms on southern face has been filled with cotton and sand, and a second one is about half done.

July 22.-I do not think it worth while to open fire, as only two monitors are shelling. Have only shell for our 32-pounder rifled guns. Can the ordnance department not furnish, or have made, right kind of shell for our rifled 32-pounders?

July 22, 9.10 a. m.-A great many tents near Light-House Inlet have, I think, disappeared. There are five steamboats in the inlet; some men aboard.

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, July 22, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the commanding general. Should this prove true, I suggest that it sustains the views mentioned last evening.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JULY 23.

Inform troops on James Island to be vigilant, especially at the new batteries.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

July 22.-At 12 m. two monitors firing upon Battery Wagner, the ire irregularly kept up during the day.

At 5 p. m. battery near Vinegar Hill opened fire. There was no firing from this fort during the day.

At 3 p. m. one double-banded Brooke gun arrived.

The engineer work is being pushed forward, and the rooms on gorge face filled as rapidly as possible.

July 24 (extract from journal).-At 5.30 the enemy opened a heavy fire from five monitors, the Ironsides, and mortar battery.

At 9.30 a. m. firing occurred from creek running toward Black Island. The tops of both magazines have been traversed with sandbags. The filling of lower rooms on gorge face has been about three-

