
nition was expended: 34 mortar shells. A traverse has been commenced on gorge face.

The revetment to gorge is still being pushed forward.

August 12.-The steamer Hibben was this morning disabled at the wharf by a 200-pounder Parrott shell; 7 negroes were injured, 3 more or less seriously. The oven in bakery has been rendered useless, and about one-half bushel of bricks thrown from arch beneath. Three shells exploded in western barracks, injuring no one. The commissary stores have been removed to the three casemates on northeast angle.

A small boat has been sent to Fort Johnson to bring over fresh beef.

Numbers 57. Confederate Roll of Honor.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 93. Richmond, Va., November 22, 1862.

I. The following acts of Congress, having been approved by the President, are published for the information of the Army:

* * * * * * *

Numbers 27.-AN ACT to authorize the grant of medals and badges of distinction as a reward for courage and good conduct on the field of battle.

The Congress of the Confederate State of American do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to bestow medals, with proper devices, upon such and good conduct on the field of battle, and also to confer a badge of distinction upon one private or non-commissioned officer of each company after every signal victory it shall have assisted to achieve. The non-commissioned offices and privates of the company who may be present on the first dress-parade thereafter may choose, by a majority of their votes, the soldier best entitled to receive such distinction, whose name shall be communicated to the President by commanding officers of the company him shall be delivered to his widow, or if there be no widow, to any relative the President may adjudge entitled to receive it.

Approved October 13, 1862.

* * * * * * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 131. Richmond, Va., October 3, 1863.

Difficulties in procuring the medals and badges of distinction having delayed their presentation by the President, as authorized by the act of Congress approved October 13, 1862, to the officers, non-commissioned officer, and privates of the armies of the Confederate States conspicuous for courage and good conduct on the field of battle, to avoid postponing the grateful recognition of their valor until it can be made in the enduring form provided by that act, it is ordered-

