
Every facility for signaling was afforded me by Commander Balch and his officers, all of whom were lavish in their praise of a system of communication so rapid and reliable, and which had proved itself of so much value.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL BRODIE,

2nd Lieutenant, 79th Regiment N. Y Vols., Acting Signal Officer.

Lieutenant F. E. TOWN,

Acting Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the South.

[Inclosure B.]

U. S. STEAM SLOOP PAWNEE,

Stono Inlet, S. C., August 11, 1863.

Colonel A. J. MYER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army:

SIR: I have great pleasure in testifying to the most important and valuable services rendered by Lieutenant Paul Brodie, acting signal officer, during the recent operations in the Stono, by a division under command of General Terry.

Lieutenant Brodie was assigned to the Pawnee under my command, and I gladly testify, not only to his energy, zeal, and intelligence, but to his great coolness under a very hot fire from the enemy's batteries upon the Pawnee, in which she was struck nearly fifty times, but furthermore, to his accurate reports from General Terry, we were enabled to not only stop an advance of a heavy force against the general, but we were able to cause a speedy retreat of the enemy.

I therefore deem it but fair to make this statement in favor of Lieutenant Brodie, and I trust he may be appointed to the Signal Corps now being organized in the army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. BALCH,

Commander, U. S. Navy, and Senior Officer present.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel William W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, TERRY'S DIVISION,Folly Island, S. C., July 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade during the recent expeditions to James Island:

The One hundred and fourth and Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers embarked on board the steamer Boston, on the afternoon of the 9th instant, at the south end of Folly Island, to accompany the division up the StoNumbers The brigade at this time was composed of only portions of these two regiments, the One hundred New York having been detached, and the Fifty-sixth New York not yet having come up from Seabrook and reported for duty. Four companies of the One hundred and fourth and three companies of the Fifty-second remained behind on picket, so that the effective strength of the brigade did not exceed 600 men.

The Boston reached Stevens' Landing about dark, when, by virtue

