
of orders from the brigadier-general commanding, the brigade was disembarked in boats, the officers and men wading ashore through deep mud. upon landing the first boat load, I threw out pickets, and pushed them farther out as more troops were put on shore. Both regiments being now landed, the knapsacks were piled on the beach and the troops formed to move inland. Meanwhile, Brigadier-General Terry and staff had come ashore and marched at the had of the column. After proceeding about three-fourths of a mile, we arrived at a brigade, the only approach to the landing from the interior, which was seized. The column was halted here for the night and the proper disposition made to prevent surprise; strong pickets were stationed across the bridge in front. Soon after the bridge was seized, a rebel picket on duty near it fired upon my troops. A few shots were returned by the regiments and a momentary alarm created, but it passed away instantly. There were no casualties on our side, and none known to be wit the enemy. The troops were placed behind the slope of the causeway and a ridge that ran in front of the bridge, for better protection in case of attack, where they remained all night without further alarm. At dayight in the morning, I pushed forward my skirmishers, under Captain Davis, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and advanced the column nearly 2 miles into the interior of the island, and until I seized and held the causeways leading across the low ground toward Secessionville. The enemy had mounted pickets on the road, who retired before us, but they were so closely followed that our skirmishes captured their breakfast, ready cooked, a blanket, and some other articles. Strong pickets were posted to hold the ground we had occupied. It being reported to me that a large force of infantry was seen coming across the causeways, I advanced with my two regiments to meet them, but found no enemy to oppose us, excepting a few cavalrymen at the building near our picket line, used by the rebels as a signal station, who fledon our approach. About this time, General Stevenson's brigade came up and relieved mine, which went into bivouac, in the strip of wood fronting the ground occupied by our army in the summer of 1862.

From this time to the 16th instant, when our troops were attacked by the enemy, my brigade was engaged in doing the usual picket and fatigue duty. On the 13th, the Fifty-sixth New York reported to me, and meanwhile the companies left behind on picket had joined us, which increased the effective strength of the brigade to about 1,100 men. Upon the first alarm on the morning of the attack, the brigade was promptly under arms and placed in order of battle, forming the second line 200 yards in rear of the first line. The One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers formed the right of the line, and the Second South Carolina Volunteers, under Colonel Montgomery, which reported to me at the first alarm, was on the left. The enemy did not come near enough for the use of small-arms, but my troops bore the heavy artillery fire of the enemy, which seemed directed to the right of my line, for an hour, with great steadiness. The shot and shell tore through and about my ranks in great number, and yet not an officer or man was struck. Private Knight, First Massachusetts Cavalry, one of my mounted orderlies, was wounded by a musket-ball, as was also his horse, the only casualty in my brigade.

In the evacuation of James Island, that night, by order of the brigadier-general commanding, I withdrew two regiments of my

