
brisk fire from the enemy's artillery, which however, did but little damage.

We captured 14 negro soldiers and killed and wounded 30 or 40. The picket force of the enemy was composed of this class, headed by white officers. One of the officers is reported to have been among the killed.

Colonel Simonton, of the Twenty-fifth South Carolina, wa assigned to my staff and rendered valuable service in indicating routes and localities. My thanks are due to him.

Lieutenant-Colonel Pressley led his regiment in the advance, with skill and coolness.

My thanks are also due to Lieutenant [J. M.] Schnierle, of General Ripley's staff, who accompanied me as volunteer aide, and rendered efficient service.

Very respectfully submitted.

A. H. COLQUITT,

Brigadier-General.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Return of casualties in Colquitt's brigade.

[Compiled from nominal list.]

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Comma	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Aggre

nd.	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 ers.	 	 gate.

6th	 .....	 .....	 .....	 3	 .....	 2	 5

Georg

ia,

Colon

el

Lofto

n

19th	 .....	 .....	 .....	 1	 .....	 1	 2

Georg

ia,

Colon

el

Hutch

ins

25th	 .....	 1	 .....	 6	 .....	 .....	 7

South

Carol

ina,

Lieut

enant

-

Colon

el

Press

ley

Total	 .....	 1	 .....	 10	 .....	 3	 14

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Charlton H. Way, Fifty-fourth Georgia Infantry.

JAMES ISLAND, July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to the general commanding the following report of the part taken by my command in the reconnaissance made on the morning of the 16th instant:

At 10.45 p. m. on the 15th instant, I received an order from the general, commanding the forces on James Island to report at Secessionville, at 12 o'clock that night, with the Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiment, a section of two 12-pounder howitzers from the Chatham Artillery, and Captain [J. C.] Edwards' company of cavalry. The troops were rapidly put in motion and arrived at the point indicated at the hour designated in the order.

My instructions having been to allow General Colquitt's brigade to cross the marsh in front of Secessionville by Rivers' causeway, and move down upon it left (my command moving, en echelon, upon the right and in rear of his) as soon as I found his left had moved, I put the column in motion, consisting of the Fifty-fourth Georgia and Thirty-first North Carolina Regiments, moving by a flank and mak-

