
tains Wheaton and Blake for the efficiency attained in the instructions of their respective commands, as shown in the serious damage sustained by the gunboats.

Officers and men, although exposed to a most galling fire, performed their duty well.

The siege train participated in the latter part of the engagement, but under unfavorable circumstances.

I regret to have to report 1 man mortally and another slightly wounded in Company F, Sixty-first North Carolina Troops. No other casualties occurred.

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

JAS. D. RADCLIFFE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. J. Jeffords, Fifth South Carolina Cavalry.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

July 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions received on evening of 15th instant, I moved to Secessionville with portions of Companies A, Captain [J. C.] Edwards; C. Captain [W. G.] Smith, and G, Captain [B. W.] McTuireous, of the Fifth South Carolina Cavalry stationed on James Island-in all about 120 men, the remainder being on various duties-and reported to Colonel Way, Fifty-fourth Georgia Volunteers, at 12 p. m. precisely. The cavalry was formed in rear of Colonel Way's column, and in this position moved forward until the column reached causeway leading to Legare's Point, when Colonel Way moved his infantry in line to right. A portion of the cavalry, under Captain Edwards, was ordered across causeway to cover the ground on left of road leading to Legare's house, the remainder halting at causeway. A few moments later another detachment of cavalry was ordered forward. I moved promptly and reported to General Hagood at Legare's house, when I received instructions to sweep the rear of Legare's house which was promptly and, I think, thoroughly done, driving some 30 or 40 negroes and 2 white men into the marsh and intercepting some 10 negroes, who were returned to the rear under infantry guard. Those that took to the marsh the cavalry could not reach, but some 40 infantry were soon firing upon them, and (I am impressed) at least 20 men were killed and wounded at this point, among them 2 white men. Many took to the river beyond, and some may have been drowned. Some 4 negroes were killed and 1 or 2 taken on left of road leading to Legare's house.

The officers and men behaved well, under a heavy fire from the enemy's gunboats and a field battery.

I have no casualties to report.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

