
JULY 20, 1863.-Bombardment of Legare's Point, S. C.

Report of Major W. H. Echols, C. S. Engineers.*

C. S. ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Charleston, July 20, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant [R. M.] Stiles, in charge of the works at Legare's Point, reports that at 12.30 o'clock to-day the enemy opened fire from his gunboats (river steamers) from behind Black Island, and drove the working parties away. The work will be resumed at night.

A schooner with a large derrick is lying behind the island; two steamers along with or very near her.

The battery has three guns mounted and is ready for severs more, and will be ready for two more by morning, if unmolested.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. ECHOLS,

Major, and Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Order again those guns in position at once, and let the batteries open as soon as ready.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

JULY 30, 1863.-Expedition to Barnwell's Island, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District.
HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT OF S. CAROLINA,McPhersonville, S. C., August 15, 1863.

GENERAL: Captain M. J. Kirk, of the Partisan Rangers, having been directed by me to attack the enemy's pickets and penetrate his lines at some point near our outpost at Cunningham's Bluff, landed whit a detachment of 40 men of his own company, under Lieutenant [P. E.] Terry, 25 of the Beaufort Artillery, under Lieutenant [J. J.] Rhodes, and 25 men of the Eleventh Regiment South Carolina Infantry, under Lieutenant [J. T.] Morrison, on Barnwell's island, on the night of July 30, without meeting resistance, and advanced a half mile into the island to the settlement of Mr. Trescott, where he captured 31 negroes, including 3 men. The alarm having been extended to the enemy on Hall's Island, Captain Kirk retreated to his boats and brought off his party and prisoners safely, although fired upon by the enemy while recrossing the river.

I take pleasure in commending the energy and skill shown by Captain Kirk in carrying out my orders, and the good conduct of the officers and men under his command.

The negro women and children captured and 2 men who, I had good reasons to believe, had not been in military service in the Fed-

---------------

*See report of Major Edward Manigault, C. S. Army, p. 552.

---------------

