
above, and gave them directions to climb upon it and fire into the enemy, and then dropping down, load, so as to escape the enemy's fire.

I fought the enemy from this position for a few minutes, and was in the act of leading a charge upon the battery, across the creek, when I observed Captain Warley, coming around on my left, and about to take the enemy in rear. I then quickly took my position between my own men and Captain Warley's boats, so as to prevent them from firing into Captain Warley.

On the near approach of Captain Warley, the enemy came out from behind the battery and fired into us, to which I replied immediately, and then they surrendered to me immediately. I ordered them to pull up to me as fast as possible, and after securing them prisoners, I turned the boat over to Captain Warley, to be manned by some of his men. With all expedition I then hastened back to my boats, and getting my men in them the expedition left for Fort Johnson, where we arrived without any further incident.

I captured 1 captain, 1 sergeant, and 8 privates. I lost 1 man, B. Fertic, killed. He was a member of my company of the Twenty-fifth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, and when I ordered the men to climb that mound and shoot the boat, he took the highest point, and there, as cool as if no danger surrounded him, he stood up, firing and loading, without even heeding my order to try and escape the fire of the enemy when loading the guns. A braver man has not died for his country. Private [W. A.] Dotterer, of Captain Carson's company, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, received a slight graze on his left arm, and he displayed great coolness and bravery, not heeding the fire of the enemy, calling to them to surrender,and cheering. My men behaved admirably well, and I am proud to report that I saw no flinching at all on the part of any man, but they all stood up like men, returning the enemy's fire with cheers.

Very respectfully submitted.

M. H. SELLERS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Twenty-fifth Regiment S. C. Vols.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Congratulatory letter.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 6, 1863.

Captain SELLERS,

Company C [F], Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the commanding general to convey to you his thanks and high appreciation of the gallantry and soldierlike conduct of the detachment of the Twenty-fifth South Carolina Infantry engaged in the expedition against the enemy on the night of the 5th instant, and to communicate that portion of Lieutenant-Commander Warley's report in reference thereto:

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the Eutaws under Captain Sellers. Had it not been for their strict adherence to directions, and gallant days in finding the enemy, the object of the expedition must have failed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JOHN M. OTEY],

Assistant Adjutant-General.

