
my inability to prevent it without a constant bombardment and an enormous expenditure of guns and ammunition.

I can discord no guns on Sumter from my batteries, and none have been fired for the last five days, according to the reports of my lookouts.

The party controlling the waters of Charleston Harbor of course control the communication to and from Fort Sumter, and can come and go when please, if favorable by darkness.

From Sumter was thoroughly silenced on the 24th instant, and can be again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., September 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at the request of Rear-Admiral Dahlgren, I have again opened fire on Fort Sumter with such guns as I have available for that purpose.

Six Parrott guns (viz, five 8-inch and one 100-pounder) and two Whitworth guns have been entirely expended. I have borrowed from the fleet for my breaching batteries, three 8-inch and three 100-pounder Parrot guns. Some of them are already in position; the others will by to-morrow night.

I am to-day operating again Sumter with one 10-inch and four 8-inch Parrott guns, and had four guns working all day yesterday.

Sumter fired one guns on the 26th ultimo at my advanced trenches. She has not fired since except occasionally a can set gun, apparently not shouted. The arches of the casemates of the southeast face are beginning to show themselves.

I inclose herewith copies of certain correspondence between Rear-Admiral Dahlgren and myself, forming a part of the official record of operations here.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

P. S.-I must add that, in my judgment, the bombardment of Sumter, now in progress, in entirely unnecessary.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., October 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have honor to report that, on the strength of certain reports from refugees and deserters that the enemy have recently been at work remounting some guns on the northeast front

---------------

* See correspondence August 21 to 31, 1863, Part Ii.

---------------

