
guns from the berm, but, in consequence of the roughness of the water, was unable to day any work.

September 4 (teller to General Jordan).-Yesterday, September 3, there was no firing on the fort, and the entire garrison was kept at work during the day and night in reliefs. The engineers were engaged in preparing bomb-proofs, and in opening embrasures in second-tier casemates, for the purpose of throwing out two 42-pounder rifled guns. During the night, the 11-inch gun and one 32-pounder rifled gun were thrown over the parapet without injury, both guns having been previously disabled.

There is now [September 4] not a single gun en barbette, and there is but one smooth-bore 32-pounder next the sally-port on western face that can be fired.

Mr. J. F. Mathewes, assisted an officer and men of the C. S. Navy, have done good service in removing disabled guns from the fort, having dismounted and removed one 10-inch gun and one 9-inch Dahlgren. He has also removed from the bern of the fort the Brooke gun, another 10-inch, an 8-inch, and one 32-pounder rifled gun. Lieutenant Rhett, with Company B, has dismounted the Brooke gun, two 10-inch, one 8-inch, one 42-pounder rifled, the 11-inch, and one 32-pounder rifled gun in the last few nights.

The northeastern and northwestern terre-plain have fallen in.

The western wall has a crack in it extending entirely through from parapet to berm. The greater portion of southern wall is down. The upper eastern magazine is penetrated; the lower eastern magazine wall is cracked. The eastern wall is very nearly shot away; a large portion of the wall is down, the ramparts gone, and nearly every casemate breached and the remaining wall very thin. The casemates, however, on east face are still filled with sand sufficient to protect the garrison from shells.

I consider it impracticable to either mount or use guns on any part of the parapet, and I deem the fort in its present condition unserviceable for offensive purposes. What the engineers may effect by rebuilding or remodeling, I am unable to say.

About 40 32-pounder rifled bolts, 20 42-pounder rifled bolts, 50 42-pounder round shots, 20 10-inch columbiad shots, 1 lot 32-pounder bolts in boxes, and 1 lot of sundries, were shipped by steamer Etiwan last night.

Lieutenant Grimball, Company E, assigned to ordnance duty, has rendered efficient service in the collection and shipping of ordnance stores. Captain J. T. Champneys, Engineer Corps, has reported for duty at this post.

Major-General Gilmer and Lieutenant-Colonel Harris visited the fort about half past 11 o'clock last night.

Brigadier-General Ripley also came over about 1 this morning.

The enemy opened fire from battery on Black Island last evening.

September 4 (journal).-No firing to-day. Seventy-six negroes arrived to-day and finished the traverse and arch of the second tier, and began to fill in the arch.

About 500 shots and shells, viz, 10-inch columbiad, 8-inch columbiad, 32-pounder rifled bolts, 1 lot of lead, 8 pieces brass, 5 budge barrels of powder, cartridge bags, 1 box friction tubes, 2 pass boxes, implements, were shipped last night by steamer Etiwan.

At 10 p. m. the Charleston Battalion arrived at the fort, under command of Major Elliott, and relieved Colonel Alfred Rhett, commanding, and Captain Fleming, Company B, detachment of First South

