
September 7, 2.40 a. m.-All the garrison of Morris Island who came here have been shipped. Lieutenant Hasker's boat from the Chicora was captured by a Yankee barge. Two of the crew came to Fort Sumter. Report that all of our troops had left the island.

September 7, 7.20 a. m.-A flag of truce from Commodore [Rear-Admiral] Dahlgren, demanding the surrender of this fort, has been met by Lieutenant [Robert J.] Bowen, of the Palmetto State. I presume I shall refuse.

September 7, 5 p. m.-From the repeated demands made for the surrender of this fort, I conclude that the enemy desires to possess it before it is demolished. In that event he will assault, probably, after a bombardment. I would suggests that our batteries be directed to have their guns manned at nights, and trained with the axis of their pieces perfectly horizontal, as this fire keeps the projectiles always near the surface of the water. Grape from our large gun would be effective at their present distance. In addition to the rockets, a blue light will be displayed on the threatened face. No opportunity for reducing the garrison has occurred since the receipt of the order. I object to its reduction. All the appliances for resisting assaults should be furnished me. Greek-fire, hand-grenades, and turpentine should be sent down. The west face of the wreck should be mined.

September 7, 7.20 p. m.-The iron-clads still lying off the fort. It is very probable that they will try to move the obstructions with small boats. It would be best if we can throw some lights upon the obstructions from Sullivan's Island. They fire an occasional shot at the wharf.

September 7.-Up to this time no direct shots have been fired upon this fort. Heavy firing was kept up continuously during yesterday and until 2 o'clock this morning. Two monitors had moved up under cover of the darkness, and about the time the Morris Island movement commenced, commenced throwing random shots up the harbor approaches, which they continued during the night. The Morris 	island movement was accomplished successfully, so far as this post was concerned.

At 8 this morning the Ironsides and fire monitors were near this post; one of the latter quite near. There being a fog seaward, the number of yessels inside the bar and at the other points cannot be accurately counted, but there is no perceptible change since yesterday.

Two monitors have been employed this morning in sounding along Morris Island. They have taken convenient position for firing at short range at this fort. I received a communication from Commander {Rear-Admiral Dahlgren, through Lieutenant Bowen, C. S. Navy, demanding the surrender of this fort. An answer has been sent stating that a definite reply would be returned as soon as I could communicate with the commander of the department. Some valuable time has thus been gained.

September 8.-During yesterday the enemy's land batteries were silent. Early in the morning two monitors came up with short range of the fort, the Ironsides and the remaining four monitors taking position near the outer buoy.

About 8 a. m. a flag of truce was sent by the enemy's fleet, which was met by Lieutenant Bowen, C. S. Navy. A reply to the communication received was subsequently sent by a flag of truce from this fort.

