
At 7 p. m. the Ironsides and six monitors engaged Fort Moultrie, throwing an occasional shot at this post, which did no damage, except tearing away a small portion of the parapet on the west face. During the night the noise of hammering could be distinctly heard from the parapet, indicating that one of the monitors had been injured and was repairing damages. One of the monitors appears to be aground about 1,200 yards from Sumter. There are thirty-six vessels inside the bar, including the Ironsides and six monitors.*

September 10.-Everything was very quiet yesterday and last night. A flag of truce from the enemy's fleet was received at about 9 a. m. in reference to the prisoners.

Another flag was received at 4 p. m., bringing baggage belonging to the captured officers and conveniences for the wounded.

A flag was sent from this post to the fleet at about 6 o'clock, bearing dispatches from General Jordan, and the bodies of their dead. The prisoners, except the wounded, were sent to the city last night.

The Ironsides, four monitors, and twenty-two other vessels inside the bar.

September 11.-Nothing of importance took place yesterday or last night.

The number of vessels inside the bar is exactly the same, and they have not changed their position during the last twenty-four hours.

This morning I notice that the enemy worked industriously at Battery Gregg, and made several additions to that work.

The wounded prisoners were shipped yesterday in a small boat.

A quantity of shot and shell is lying on the wharf ready for shipment and waiting for transportation.+

* * * * *

September 13.-There was no firing yesterday, excepting from our batteries, who gave Morris Island an occasional shot. The enemy is still working at Gregg.

The number of vessels inside the bar has diminished. There are now only two monitors in sight, and the Ironsides has dropped lower down. An explosion took place on Morris Island last night, supposed to have been at Battery Wagner.

September 14.-The enemy continues to appear inactive, excepting at Battery Wagner, where they are working industriously, altering the fort and mounting guns.

There was no firing at all during the day, excepting a few shots thrown from our batteries at Morris Island.

There are now inside the bar, the Ironsides, there monitors, and twenty-four others vessels, all lying off the southern portion of Morris Island.

The other monitors may not have gone off, but may lie concealed behind the hulks of the other vessels.

September 15.-The enemy still appears to be working industriously on Morris Island, chiefly at Wagner, but also at Gregg.

Our batteries kept up a very slow fire all day and night.

There are now inside the bar, the Ironsides, five monitors, and twenty-six other vessels.

September 16, 12.30 p. m.-Enemy working within 400 yards southeast of Fort Gregg, perfectly unmolested.

---------------

* For other of Elliott's reports (of September 8, 9, and 10), see Engagement in Charleston Harbor, p. 713; also Attack on Fort Sumter, p. 725.

+ Portion omitted, under date of September 12, will be found on p. 127.

---------------

