
[Indorsement.]

The James Island and Sullivan's Island batteries have been ordered to break up the party, if possible.

NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

September 16.-There are now inside the bar, the Ironsides, fire monitors, two mortar-boats, and twenty-five other vessels; two river steamers coming up, and ten blockaders off the bar; also thirty-five in Light-House Inlet.

The enemy are still working at Gregg, and exposing themselves with perfect impunity.

There was no firing yesterday, excepting by our batteries and a few shots from Morris Island.

September 17.-Yesterday one banded 42-pounder was thrown on the berm.

There is no material change in the appearance of things on Morris Island.

There are now inside bar, the Ironsides, five monitors, and twenty-five other vessels; they appear to have stood the blow without injury.

September 18.-Apparently no charge has taken place in the fleet since my last report.

Yesterday long trains of wagons came down the beach to Gregg, and, after discharging their contents, returned again to the upper end of the island.

The enemy last night displayed a large calcium light at Chumming's Point. Its rays were directed on this fort and its approaches.

No shot was fired by the enemy yesterday, and only a few were thrown from our batteries at Sullivan's and James Islands.

September 19.-The Ironsides, five monitors, and twenty-five other vessels are now inside the bar.

The enemy continues to work industriously at Morris Island.

A French steamer is off the bar.

I shipped a large quantity of shot and some shell in the steamer last night which carried up the two guns; also some iron stripped from gun carriages.

September 20.-The change of the garrison was accomplished last night at 10 o'clock. Mr. Mathews had previously taken off a 7-inch rifle, banded.

September 21.-I have the honor to report the Ironsides, four monitors, and twenty-nine other vessels within the bar, five propellers outside, and twenty-seven craft in Light-House Inlet.

The 10-inch columbiad at Gregg has been dismounted and rolled over upon the parapet, where it now lies. A monitor was towed out to sea and to the southward yesterday.

Wagner is being enlarged and strengthened. Heavy parapets are being thrown up facing the northward and westward. All of the sand-hills between Wagner and Gregg and filled with working parties.

September 22.-One banded 7-inch was taken to the city last night, and a large quantity of 32-pounder, canister, and 8-inch shot.

An 8-inch shell gun was placed upon the berm this morning, ready for shipping.

September 23.-Enemy working in large numbers at Wagner, the sand-hills, and Greg. Moultrie is shelling the latter position, but

40 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

