
the casemates on the northeast face. Last night Mr. Butterfield threw over on the eastern berm a banded 42 and a 10 inch columbiad with broken trunnions. A portion of the garrison were employed in constructing cashious to receive them.

No marked change has taken place on Morris Island, but there is a gradual progress visible.

The enemy's fire was resumed this morning at 8 o'clock.

October 2.-I have the honor to report the Ironsides, four monitors, two mortar-boats, and twenty-five others vessels within the bar; elsewhere the status remains the same.

Appearances on Morris Island suggest permanent occupation rather then immediate operations; all the high sand-hills on the southern end of the island are strongly entrenched. Wagner is being extended still more to the southwest. Two siege and two barbette guns are mounted upon one of her faces looking toward this ford.

The firing commenced early yesterday; out of 129 shots, 75 struck; the injury was immaterial. Two monitors perform picket duty nightly. All the enemy's movements by land and water show caution and fear of surprise.

October 3.-The firing commenced at 8 a. m. yesterday. Out of 74 shots, 44 struck, 2 of which penetrated the george wall near the officers' old quarters; no other material damage done to the work.

8 a. m.-This morning the enemy's batteries have opened again.

October 4.-Out of 95 shots yesterday, 78 struck the fort. The injury was immaterial, excepting that the top of the breach was knocked off.

Captain [E. W.] Lloyd's company (B), Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers (31 men), relieved Captain [T. E.] Raysor's company (H), Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers (63 men), last night.

The enemy are still at work on the northeast face of Wagner.

October 5.-Gregg is being enlarged to the eastward and westward. Guns have been transported thither during the last two nights, as traces on the beach indicate.

Sand Hill Battery continuous to be enlarged. The gun previously seen there is now concealed by sand.

Wagner progresses steadily. Some half dozen shots were fired at this fort yesterday morning. The effect of the week's bombardment has been to cut the top of the gorge wall slightly in one or two place, to bid holes in the parade, and to extent the breach in the north wall, and to give indications of future breaches possible at some remote period. When the guns shall have been brought nearer, their fire will be less dangerous to the walls, taken in reverse, and the direct branches can be made secure if you will send Captain Champneys, engineer i charge, 1,000 or 2,000 filled sand bags every night.

Lieutenant Young took off the 10-inch broken trunnion last night.

Steamer Etiwan brought down carriages and chassis for 42 and 10 inch. Mr. Butterfield and crew placed the former near its casemate and left. With a portion of the garrison, I placed the latter in the same position, being obliged to remain up all night for the purpose. The steamers should always bring written orders. Butterfield should have remained to do the work for which he was sent, but I was unable to detain him, except at the risk of interfering with the plans of some other parties.

If the shelling is not resumed to-day, I will have them in position to-night; if it is, to-morrow morning.

