
[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 14, 1863.

Noted. Major Elliott appears a vigilant, zealous officer.

J. A. S. [SEDDON].

Secretary of War.

October 6.-The enemy have made, and still making, great improvements on Wagner and Gregg.

Captain Gaillard's company reported last night, numbering 50 men.

There are two submarine affairs near the Ironsides; there are also several wooden gunboats close in. Look out for some trick to-night.

October 6 (to Brigadier-General Jordan),-I have four floating torpedoes in Charleston ready for use. Can your order Sergt. S. E. Barnwell and 4 men, of the Beaufort Artillery, from Pocotaligo, to operate with them?*

October 7.-The monitor seen of the bar on the 5th instant has taken position inside, and one of those here previously is not to be seen. They are probably gong to port Royal in turn to be overhauled.

Work is going on as usual on Morris Island.

October 8.-Two shots were fired lost night by the monitor on advanced post at a schooner containing sand-bags, lying between Sumter and Battery Bee; musketry from the fleet was also heard.

A large Parrott has been mounted in Gregg, in the embrasure directed upon this fort; the breech of the gun, however, lies this way. The Half-Moon Battery in the sand-hills I take to be a mortar battery.

A 42-pounder rifle, banded, was mounted here yesterday, and a 10-inch placed in position ready for mounting. Some necessary alteration in the chassis delayed the operation last night.

October 9.-There is but little change this morning, with the exception of a gradual advance in the compilation of the batteries on Morris Island.

A wide embrasure at Gregg directed toward this place is being rivetted, as is also the Half-Moon Battery in the sand-hills.

Our fire was effective yesterday; casualties were seen to take place both at Gregg and Wagner.

October 11.-Affairs are not materially changed in the fleet or on shore this morning.

A detachment of 5 men, under the command of Sergt. S. E. Barnwell, of the Beaufort Artillery, sent down four floating torpedoes last night. A heavy explosion took place at the proper time in the fleet, but no results are apparent this morning.

At 8 p. m. the post-boat coming from Fort Johnson overhauled a shall boat containing 2 of the enemy, who surrendered immediately. They were evidently expecting a friendly boat, whether from the city or not is uncertain.

It is well that this portion of the harbor should be without an armed patrol of some sort? Tho prisoners were sent up under a guard last night.

A 10-inch was placed upon the wharf last night.

October 14.-The command of the western salient at Gregg is being much increased. A new battery has been commenced to the eastward of and near to the Half-Moon Battery.

---------------

* So ordered, same day.

---------------

