
The second 10-inch columbiad was mounted last night in our casemate battery.

October 15.-The Ironsides, four monitors, there mortar-boats, and twenty-three other craft within the bar, five blockaders outside, and nineteen vessels in StoNumbers Judging by the ventilators, an extensive bomb-proof has been built at Gregg. A number of carts may be sent passing behind the covered way. The battery reported yesterday is progressing, and a heavy force is at work on what was the old bomb-proof at Wagner. The detachment of 30 men from Captain Harleston's company was returned last night by steamer Etiwan, as also some of the iron collected by them at the fort. The presence of a schooner with sand prevented as large a shipment of iron as was advisable.

October 18.-Appearance of the fleet unchanged this morning. The fourth monitor has not been discovered, though she may be concealed by some of the other vessels.

The progress of the enemy on the battery next the Half-Moon Battery is very rapid. The disposition of their batteries indicates at present operations against Sullivan's Island.

Companies I and K, Eleventh South Carolina Regiment, were relieved last night by the Twelfth Georgia Battalion, Major Heanvey, 218 men. A lot of coal was shipped by the Etiwan last night; the remainder will be sent on Monday night.

October 21.-The new batteries on Morris Island continue to increase in dimension. No correct report can be made of the fleet this morning on account of the fog. Two of the enemy's picket-boats were observed last night between this post and Gregg; information was extended to Major Blanding, who fired upon them with [grape, but the range was too great.

A flat loaded with coal, shot, and iron was sent up last night.

October 22.-There are four monitors in the harbor this morning. One of them has a network of wire surrounding and probably covering the forward half of the deck.

The Ironsides has three stout beams projecting obliquely from her bow downward into the water; they are probably braces to some torpedo or anti-torpedo device. One of the mortar-boats has been towed outside, and now lies near the Wabash. In other respects the fleet is as usual. The land batteries are being pushed forward vigorously. Their working parties suffer greatly from the want of being shelled. The flat was not sent back last night, and a large amount of iron is lying on the wharf ready for shipment.

[Indorsement.]

Order the flat to be sent. We are too short of shells to fire continuously.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD.]

October 24.-The Ironsides, four monitors, one mortar-boat, and twenty other vessels inside; five blockaders and twenty-four craft in Light-House Inlet. No new earthworks are being thrown up, but those already in hand are being rapidly pushed forward.

The steamer Randolph, with a raft of logs ion tow, allowed herself to be taken by the tide past the fort last night. After some time, being discovering and fired upon by a monitor, she compelled to cut the logs adrift and return to the wharf. About fifty discharges

