
of small-arms from the beach near the moultrie House were observed at 9 o'clock last night.

October 25.-The state of the fleet if to-day the same in every respect as yesterday, excepting that the number of blockaders is reduced to three, and there are three tugs outside, near the Wabash.

At Gregg portion of three guns can be seen; one bears upon this point, a second upon this point and Fort Johnson, and the third upon Fort Johnson.

At sunset yesterday, there was heavy firing from a blockader some 10 miles to the northward and eastward.

While the Ironsides was lying in a certain position yesterday, it was apparent that the structure under her bow extended also some distance on her side. This renders it probable that it is a defensive arrangement.

October 26, 4.30.-Enemy has opened upon us from Gregg, Wagner, and center battery. We are all right.

October 26.-One hundred and eighty shots from Morris Island; 165 struck, 23 passed over. Ten shots fired from monitors.

October 27.-The enemy's fire was very damaging to the sea face, breaching the traverse in the arches.

Their gorge wall was also cut to a thin edge in some place. The land batteries and fired 625 shots.

Lieutenant {Andrew P.] Brown, Georgia Battalion, is dangerously hurt. No other serious casualties.

I have the honor to report that the number of vessels inside has been reduced by three, while two have been added to the list in Light-House Inlet. At half past 12 yesterday, Battery Gregg, the middle battery, and Wagner opened upon us, firing 188 shots, of which 165 struck, making some impression upon the gorge wall, upon which their fire is directed. In the afternoon a wooden gunboat steamed up to the two monitors lying at their usual picket station. One of the latter and the gunboats fired 9 shots, 1 of which penetrated the sand-bag traverse above the hospital and wounded a negro.

No other casualties occurred from the fire. There are two guns at Gregg bearing upon us, and embrasures in the curtain for two more. There is a 300-pounder in the middle battery and two smaller guns.

I cannot distinctly ascertain the number at Wagner, although there appears to be about five in position for us.

Most of these guns being in embrasures, it is evident from their direction that their intention is to operate regularly against this work.

The powder has been removed from the old magazine, and a part placed in the new magazine near the casemate battery, and the remainder in the bomb-proof near the old sally-port.

Major Pringle took off the flat with iron last night. It is not advisable to send it back at present.

October 29.-Enemy fired 779 shorts; 80 missed. The top row of arches on sea face cut down. The whole of that face and the george perfectly accessible from the outside. One man killed on post.

Not a captain of the Georgia Battalion is present; Captain [John W.] Rudisill, Company, B, went off to Fort Johnston night before last, on certificate of his brother, the surgeon, without my knowledge. Captain [J. W.] Anderson is on court-material on James Island. Captain [G. M.]Hood, Company F, and Captain J. N. Taliaferro, Company D, are both at Augusta on sick leave. I have good reason to believe that none of these three who are reported sick

