
[Indorsement.]

Order all walls threatening to fall and injure garrison to be pulled down or shot down, for which purpose an iron field piece can be sent there if desired.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD.]

October 31 (telegram).-The land batteries and three monitors fired in all yesterday 955 shots and shells, 60 of which missed. During the night 68 were fired, 8 of which missed, making an aggregate of 1,020 shots in the twenty-four hours. At 3 o'clock this morning a Parrott shot struck an iron girder in the sea wall, and a moment after the roof fell in crushing 13 men, who were posted there in readiness for an immediate mount to the crest, in case of a boat attack. The position was considered comparatively safe, as the roof had resisted the shock of this falling debris. It is a matter of serous regret that my recommendation for the construction of a capacious bomb-proof, soon after assuming command, was not adopted by the engineer department. It will be a matter of difficulty to repel the enemy, should he advance this way. I would be glad to receive eighth or ten ladders, 15 feet in length, to-night, to enable me to mount more rapidly.

November 1.-The fire yesterday proceeded from two monitors, two heavy and two light rifled guns at Gregg, three heavy rifled guns and four 10-inch mortars at the middle battery, and four rifled guns at Wagner, 443 rifled shots were fired from the land batteries, of which 61 missed; 68 shots fired from the monitors, all of which were reported as having struck, and 373 from mortars, of which 120 missed. The mortar fuses are cut so as to explode the shell a second or two after impact. In fact, during the night 70 rifled shots were fired, mostly with time fuses, of which 10 passes over, and 33 mortar, mostly with time fuses, of which 10 passed over, and 33 mortar shells, 12 of which did not strike. The fire of the land batteries was directed chiefly at southwest angle, which suffered severely. The flag-staff shot away twice and replaced by Sergeant [James] Garahan, Corporal [W. M.] Hitt, and Private R. J. Swain, all of Company F. Twelfth Georgia Battalion. The flag-staff was so cut up that it was necessary to raise the battle-flag of the Georgia Battalion in place of the flag.

The following is a list of casualties during yesterday:

Private John W. Meyers, Company F, Twelfth Georgia Battalion, killed by mortar shell; Private Milton Gibbs, same company, killed at the same time; Private M. W. Walker, Company D, Twelfth Georgia Battalion, fracture of jaw-bone; Private David J. Hughes, Company F, same corps, wounded severally in back; Private T. A. Honour and Corporal F. H. Honour, Company A, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, all wounded by mortar shells.

November 2.-The fire of the enemy was directed mainly at the southwest angle yesterday, which he succeeded in breaching on the outside, but not to an extent to make the protection within insecure as yet. Monitors opened upon the sea wall, and in reverse upon the city face, doing some damage in the region of the new sally-port. Owing to the difficulty of observing the monitors during their period of action, an accurate estimate of the number of shots from them was not obtained. It bore, however, about the same proportion to the number of shots from the land batteries as on the previously day. The number of their shots, compared with the land guns, was 375, of

