
number of casualties: 10 men slightly wounded, 2 severely, and 2 killed; all of the Twenty-seventh Georgia.

November 7.-The bombardment continued yesterday to the following extent: Rifled shots fired from land batteries, 153, of which 31 missed; mortars shells, 193, of which 34 missed. Monitors fired 80, of which 14 missed. During the night 68 light rifles shells were fired from Gregg, 29 of which failed to explode or exploded after passing over. The fire of the monitors was directed upon the east an angle and upon the scarp of the northeast face, to which it did some injury. Is it impracticable to annoy the monitors when in position from Sullivan's Island? Another mortar shell found its way into the battery yesterday and exploded, wounding several men slightly. Another exploded at the eastern entrance of main bomb-proof, and killed 2 and wounded several.

The following is a list of the killed and wounded:

Killed: Privates Howell Jones and Robert Vance, Company B, Twenty-eighth Georgia.

Wounded: Private Henry Stoubelfield, Company G, First South Carolina Artillery, slight; Private Aaron bates, First South Carolina Artillery, hip, severe; Private John Benton, Company G, First South Carolina Artillery, thigh, slight; Private W. T. Butler, Company E. Twenty-eight Georgia, foot, severe; Private S. C. Lawrence, Company B, Twenty-eighth Georgia, scalp, slight; Private james L. Salter, Company H, Twenty-eight Georgia, concussion; privates John Morrell and James A. Lane, Company G, Twenty-eighth Georgia, concussion; Privates James D. Emery, Henry O. Wood, and Peter Wood, Company F, Twenty-eight Georgia, conclusion; and H. M. Lawrence, Company B, Twenty-eight Georgia, side, slight.

Lest night Captain [H. W.] Rantfro, with 1 lieutenant and 24 men, from the Twenty-seventh Georgia Lieutenant [W. P.] Mathews, Sixth Georgia, 34 men; Lieutenant [G. W.] Smith, Twenty-eight Georgia, 33 men, relieved detachments of 40 and 20 men and 3 officers, from Twenty-seventh, Sixth, and Twenty-eight Georgia, respectfully. The captains of two of these detachments, whose time had expired, were retained for twenty-four hours for the purpose of assisting the new officers, strangers to the works, in the discharge of their duties. Captain John Johnston arrived for the purpose of relieving Captain Champneys.

November 8.-The enemy's fire continued yesterday with still further abatement. The monitors took no part in the action. Seventy-on rifled shots were fired, 15 of which missed, and 212 mortar shells, of which 46 missed. During the night, 63 tim-shells were fired, of which 16 missed. The injury done to the work was perhaps less marked than on any previous day. The following casualties occurred: First Lieutenant T. Davis Watis, Company G, First South Carolina Artillery, concussion, slight: Private Thomas H. Watts, Company C, Twenty-eight Georgia, fore-arm and hand, severe; Private J. M. Page, Company B, Twenty-ninth Georgia, contusion of side, slight.

The mountain howitzers, though placed in a position of supposed security, was struck in the chase by a fragment of a mortar shell, causing a convexity in the bore. This, I think, can be removed by boring out. The piece was sent up per steamer Randolph last night, and contains a round of case shot.

I append a condensed statement of the work performed by engineer

