
At 11 p. m. Company G, First Regiment South Carolina Artillery, Captain W. H. Peronneau, 40 men, was relieved by Company D, First Regiment South Carolina Artillery, Captain Harleston, 45 men. Owing to the refusal of the captain of the steamer to approach the fort, the final transfer was made on board of small boats, and consumed much time. The flag-staff was shot and the flag was replaced by Sergeant [G. H.] Mayo, Company B, and Private Robert Autry, Company C, Twenty-eight Georgia Volunteers.

November 13.-I have the honor to submit the following report of the firing yesterday: Rifled shots, 144, of which 34 missed; mortars, 159, of which 92 missed; monitors fired twice, struck both times. One shot passed through the flag. During the night 180 riffed fired, of which 51 passed over; mortars, 282, of which 110 missed.

The following casualties occurred: Private W. J. Hadden, Company I, Twenty-eight Georgia, killed by a mortar shell, while on post; Private E. Johnson, Company C, Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, wounded severely ion face, while on post.

A strong light was thrown from Fort Gregg upon the fort during a greater part of the night. Major Pringle effected a transfer of negroes and a transportation of commissary stores in small boats, without loss, assisted by Lieutenant Swinton, under a very heavy fire.

November 14.-I have the honor to submit the following report of the shots fired yesterday: Rifled, fired 74, of which 9 missed; mortars, 315, of which 128 missed. During the night, rifled, 115, of which 36 missed. To-day there were 21 rifled shots fired, of which 9 missed; mortars fired 225, of which 96 missed. Private J. G. Pound, Company K, Twenty-seventh Georgia, was dangerously wounded in the thing by a fragment of a mortar shell. A boat was seen lying at the obstructions last night; when hailed, she proved to be our guard boat. Her presence there does not contribute to the safety of this work.

November 15.-The shelling continued heavy last night. Ninety-eight rifled shells were fired, of which 30 missed, and 219 mortar shells were thrown, of which 90 missed. Casualties were as follows: Private J. R. Wilson, Company K, Twenty-seventh Georgia, shoulder, slight; N. P. benton, Company A, Twenty-seventh Georgia scalp, slight; William Ment, Company H, Twenty-seventh Georgia, back, slight. To-day, rifled fired 16, of which 6 missed; mortar shells, 320, of which 115 missed. Casualties to-day: First Sergt. J. C. Grimball, Company D, First Regiment South Carolina Artillery, wounded severely in head, abdomen, and knee by a mortar shell. I append a statement of the engineer work, as furnished by Captain Johnston:

November 14 and 15, repaired top of traverse over three-gun battery; construction of infantry epaulement west front, near southwest pan coupe. Built barricade with loop-holes at north of three-gun battery; began remodeling east end of center boom-proof for infantry defense; obstructions repaired, placed and taken in.

November 16.-The enemy fired last night 184 rifled shots, of which 52 missed, and 12 mortar shells, of which 2 missed. To-day 43 rifled shots were fired, of which 5 missed, and 363 mortar shells, of which 118 missed. Number of shots of all kinds fired during the past week up to this morning, 3,030.

This morning four monitors took position near the Chumming's

