
There have been no casualties, nor any material injury done to the working since last report.

November 27.-The enemy fired yesterday 23 rifled shells, of which 5 missed, and 48 mortar shells, of which 18 missed. Last night 169 rifled shells were thrown, of which 92 missed. There have been no casualties during the last twenty-four hours, neither has the injury to the work been serious. Captain [J. A.] Roe, with a detachment of 100 men from the Nineteenth, Twenty-third, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eight Georgia, were relieved by Captain [W. J.] Jordan, with 6 officers and 100 men from the same regiments. The following statement of work done is submitted by the engineer:

Continued nearly completed extension of traverse over loop-holed blindage at entrance of battery; blocked up western sally-port within without; continued and nearly completed filling of ordnance stores-room, second tier; Southwest pan coupe completed; barrier of sand-bags at north end of hospital casemates completed; machicolated gallery over northwest berm; continued mining for passage from center bomb-proof through lower gorge rooms toward south magazines.

November 28.-The enemy fired 106 shots yesterday from the land batteries, 53 of which missed, and 105 mortar shells, 40 of which missed. The western most of the two heavy guns at Gregg bearing upon this point is ascertained to be a 10-inch columbiad. The shell practice of this gun at southwest angle was very good and rather effective. Fragments of a 13-inch mortar shell were also found yesterday. During the night, the usual practice with light Parrotts continued; fired 257, missed 136. Private James Tupper, jr., shot-marker, Company D, Twenty-seventh South Carolina Volunteers, Charleston Battalion, seeing yesterday morning that the flag had been shot down, walked along the whole extent of the gorge wall, on the parapet, and endeavored to raise it. Finding that the staff was too short, he procured an additional piece of spar, and, with the assistance of C. B. Foster, same command, and Corporals W. C. Buckheister and A. JH. Bluett, Company B, same corps, succeeded in splicing and planting the staff, under a very heavy fire directed at them. One shot cut the flag from their hands. It was a most distinguished display of gallantry. * No casualties have occurred since the last report.

November 29.-The land guns fired yesterday 97 shots, of which 43 missed; mortar fired 21, of which 6 missed; and a monitor 22, of which 8 missed. Last night 126 shots were fired, of which 59 missed; 1 mortar shell, which struck. No boats arrived from the city last night. No casualties occurred.

November 30.-The enemy fired only 8 rifled shots yesterday, 4 of which missed. Last night 140 rifled shots were fired, 74 of which missed, and 4 mortar shells, all of which fell outside. A negro was missed, and 4 mortar shells, all of which fell outside. A negro was killed by a Parrott shell. Last night a good deal of signaling was observed during the night on board the fleet, on Morris Island and on Block Island. The engineer work done consisted of uncovering and reconstructing bomb-proof over southwest stairway; extending mining galleries toward east magazine from center bomb-proof and from northwest casemates to battery. No bags of sand arrived, last two nights, weather preventing.

December 1.-The enemy fired yesterday: Rifled 1, struck; mortar, 22, of which 11 missed. Last night 2 mortar shells were fired; both missed.

---------------

* See Special Orders, Numbers 272, December 15, "Correspondence, etc.,"

Part II, p. 555.

41 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

---------------

