
December 2, 11.20 a. m.-I have the honor to report the fire on this place as having almost totally ceased. Six mortar shells were thrown yesterday, of which 2 missed. No firing last night.

A detachment of 6 officers and 100 men from Nineteenth, Sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eight Georgia Volunteers, under Captain [J. M.] Bateman, relieved detachment of 3 officers and 100 men under Captain Mitchell, from Nineteenth, Twenty-seventh, Twenty-third, and Twenty-eight Georgia Volunteers.

December 3.-Enemy reopened fire yesterday at half past 10, throwing 72 rifled shots, of which 26 missed; 73 mortar shells, of which 38 missed, and 68 columbiad shots and shells, of which 14 missed.

There was no firing last night. James Fowler, private, Company H, Twenty-seventh South Carolina Volunteers, wounded by shell in head, slightly.

December 4.-The fired of the enemy commenced yesterday at 10 o'clock at the southwest angle; 27 columbiad shots were thrown, of which 1 missed, and 11 rifled, of which 2 missed; damage inflicted not considerable.

I have made a careful examination of the exterior of the fort this morning. The slope is exceedingly steep and the footing very insecure; nothing like a rush can ever be made up these slopes as long as they retain their present inclination.

December 5.-Forty-two rifled were fired yesterday, of which 11 missed; columbiad, 35, of which 10 missed; and 17 mortar, of which 9 missed. Last night 49 rifled were fired, of which 27 missed; columbiad, 6 fired, of which 2 missed.

Captain Sellers, with 3 officers and 89 men, relieved Captain Hopkins (6 officers and 107 men).

December 8.-No shots have been fired at this fort sine the last morning report. The enemy are at work rivetting the batteries, and appear to be extending Gregg to the eastward; wagons could be seen moving down the beach toward Wagner yesterday afternoon. At dusk, parties of 200 or 300 men could be seen moving down toward Gregg. The pitching of one of the monitors yesterday revealed some timber work at the boat, whose nature and the strength of which, my glass did not permit me to make out.

I do not think it is well for our batteries to suspend their fire when the enemy are silent, as they are working when not firing; they are then more exposed and vulnerable.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 8, 1863.

Inform commanding officer in First and Seventh Military Districts that the working parties of the enemy on north end of Morris Island must not be allowed to work day and night undisturbed; they should be fired upon occasionally, due regard being had to proper economy of ammunition, as already ordered.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD],

General, Commanding.

December 9.-Affairs here continue quiet. The enemy show themselves in considerable numbers at Gregg and Wagner, where the work of cutting, hauling, and placing sods continues.

December 10.-The enemy fired 6 light rifles yesterday, all of which struck, excepting 1.

Captain [R. A.] Harkey, with 6 officers and 100 men from the Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-seventh Georgia, relieved Captain

