
timber blindage, just erected, and, exploding, wounded severely one of my carpenters and slightly another, while a third man of the garrison was mortally wounded, and is since dead.

The extra mortar firing is due to the new mortars reported by me yesterday. I would respectfully suggest the propriety of shelling them from Battery Simkins, as they are favorably situated on that side of Gregg.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. JOHNSON,

Captain of Engineers.

Major W. H. ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

[Indorsements.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Charleston, November 21, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general, with the recommendation of Captain Johnson's suggestion that the enemy's new mortar battery near Gregg be shelled from Battery Simkins, if the supply of ammunition will justify it.

D. B. HARRIS,

Colonel, and Chief Engineer.

NOVEMBER 21, 1863.

The want of shell precludes the firing suggested.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Numbers 11. Reports of Captain J. T. Champneys, C. S. Corps of Engineers.

FORT SUMTER, September 6, 1863-10 a. m.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make you the following report:

Thursday, September 3.- I came over in the engineer's boat, with Major-General Gilmer and Colonel Harris, who, dropping me at Fort Sumter, proceeded to Cumming's Point and to Battery Wagner.

I presented my orders and relieved Captain Gregorie, of the Engineers, who returned to headquarters the same night. Previous to his departure, I accompanied him and Mr. Hall, assistant engineer, over the fort, revised the work done, and received orders from him as to its further completion. General Gilmer and Colonel Harris returning, I accompanied them over the ground, and received instructions. The hands having worked during the day, nothing was done upon the work to-night.

No firing from the enemy during this night.

Friday, September 4.- I detailed 20 hands for night work, relieving them from day duty. The entire force consisted of 65, with one overseer, Mr. Hyns. Forty-five I continued at work, and finished the traverse in front of arch Numbers 1, in the second tier, and began to fill in arch Numbers 1, second tier, and secured the timber sent for the purpose of erecting splinter-proofs. No firing from the enemy during the day. Friday night, Major Stephen Elliott, jr., relieved Colonel Rhett in the command. The Charleston Battalion, Major Julius A. Blake

