
commanding, arrived, relieving the volunteers here upon duty. Sand and sand-bags were to-night removed from the parapet to fill in the arch mentioned.

No firing from the enemy to-night. Seventy-six hands with Mr. Reid, overseer, reported at 1 a. m.

Saturday, September 5.- I continued all hands but 50, whom I detailed for night duty, to bring sand from the parapet, work which could not be done by day, upon the arches Nos. 1, 2, and 3, and hauled in the timber for splinter-proofs, a necessity existing for their immediate removal. I also, at the order of Major Elliott, commanding, attended to the police duty incumbent from the occupation of the negroes. A few shots fired at Battery Gregg ricochetted over the fort, but there was no immediate firing at it. Le Page, overseer, who had been absent on sick leave, reported yesterday.

Saturday night I began the work, filling int he arches, with 50 men, but at 12 o'clock I turned out the entire force in order to hasten the work to completion, the difficulty of obtaining sand rendering its progress somewhat slower than I had anticipated.

I to-night drove stakes into the floor of the hospital and put up braces against the shutters of the embrasure windows to prevent entrance in case of assault.

Mr. William Mathewes, assisting me, was to-night taken down with fever. The overseer, Le Page, reported sick.

A furious bombardment against Batteries Wagner and Gregg was kept up all day by the land batteries of the enemy, and the Ironsides. To-night mortar shells are thrown into Wagner and two monitors are firing grape and shell into the channel between this fort and Sullivan's Island and Morris Island. The rate of fire is one in five minutes. Some of the shot strike the fort.

I find great scarcity of lamps and oil and wicks, much needed for night work.

I remain, your obedient servant,

J. T. CHAMPNEYS,

Captain of Engineers, in Charge.

Major ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer, S. C. Engineer Bureau, Charleston.

OFFICE CHIEF ENGINEER,

Charleston, October 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the commanding general, a copy of the report of Captain Champneys, dated Fort Sumter, October 27, 1863.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. HARRIS,

Colonel, and Chief Engineer.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 29, 1863.

Colonel Harris will repair to-night to Sumter, to examine damages and give necessary instructions for repairs. He will deter-

