
enemy did not pay much attention to their shots. Our sharpshooters

from the parapet with Whitworth guns annoyed the gunners, who after 1 or 2 shots appeared to pay attention to them. Our post-boat was fired into in her passage from the city to the fort by one of our gunboats.

I remain, your obedient servant,

J. T. CHAMPNEYS,

Captain of Engineers, in Charge.

Major W. H. ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

FORT SUMTER, October 29, 1863-2 a. m.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the enemy opened yesterday (28th), at 7 a. m., and fired up to dark 679 shots, all striking but 88. Three hundred and 200 pounder Parrotts, mortars, and 30-pounder Parrotts were fired from their batteries. two monitors came up early in the day, but withdrew in the afternoon. The faces of three arches of the sea wall have fallen in, a portion into the parade, a portion directly on top of the arches beneath, but so much outward that it can be easily scaled on a gentle slope. Many shots struck the north wall and upon the interior at its base, doing no damage, as to was already in such a state that unless the debris fell outwardly it would be of advantage. Several shots fell tot he north of the present sally-port at the head or interior of the new wharf, being of advantage in crushing the fallen mass. The southeast angle has been almost shot away, many 300-pounder shell and shot crushing it and falling within the parade, that portion is not tenantable. The entire gorge was has been struck and many holes made in it from the point just above the fallen mass to the top. Some shot and shell came through just above the filling of the arches of the second tier, they not having been filled to the top of the arches. The re-enforce wall upon the south has been so often hit plumb that the entire distance between the sand-bags and the stone wharf has been chipped, and just above the sand-bags 3 shots struck almost in the same hole made by 2 of yesterday's bombardment. The hole now there is deep and directly in the middle of the re-enforce wall. The shell-room above and the magazine below are directly in rear of this.

* * * * *

I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. T. CHAMPNEYS,

Captain, Corps of Engineers.

Major W. H. ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer.

FORT SUMTER, November 1, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the enemy opened fire regularly this morning at daylight, and fired, according to the account kept, 670 shots, nearly all striking. I am inclined to think that the account is incorrect, as the bombardment appeared to those here as heavy as that of yesterday. Last night 103 were fired; 70

