
rifled and 33 mortar shots. The firing to-day has been directed at the southwest angle. Two arches have been breached to-day; these will be partially filled to-night. The firing of the monitors was particularly hot, nearly every shot telling upon the west wall, which is fast being chipped away in the direction of the parapet. Many shots struck low down in the interior west arches, and at the new sally-port and beyond. They are filled at the interior with the fallen mass, which is of advantage. Several shots struck the traverse protecting the hospital, both above and below; one on the second tier was shot away at the top in the same place at which to was formerly; this will be put up to-night. The mortar shells fell generally in the south-west corner; they did some injury to the traverse in rear of the sally-port, at the cistern, and to the bomb-proofs. These will also be repaired to-night, with the traverse over the stairway in the parapet ont he southwest, shot away to-day. There is great danger of shells tearing away this traverse and coming down the stairs. I think it advisable to fill up this entirely, and I would have done so before, but it was the wish of the major commanding to leave it open for the purpose of easy ascent to the parapet.

* * * * *

I remain, your obedient servant,

J. T. CHAMPNEYS,

Captain of Engineers.

Major W. H. ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

Numbers 12. Reports of Brigadier General T. L. Clingman, C. S. Army, commanding on Sullivan's Island, of operations August 23.
HEADQUARTERS SULLIVAN'S ISLAND,August 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The torpedo-boat has not gone out. I do not think it will render any service under its present management.

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND,

August 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The torpedo-boat started out at sunset, but returned, as they state, because of an accident. Whitney says that though McClintock is timid, yet is shall go to-night unless the weather is bad. I did not learn that the men of the Sixty-first [North Carolina] had been improperly excused until late in the evening.

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. F. NANCY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

