HEADQUARTERS FORT MOULTRIE,September 2, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that last night, at 11 o'clock, six monitors and the Ironsides came in, and soon after we opened fire, which was kept up frequently by battery until 4 a. m. The moon being very bright, we could distinctly see the enemy's vessels, and at almost every discharge, both of bolts and shots, it could be plainly seen that the vessels were struck.

During the whole night the firing was excellent, and we have every reason to believe it was effectual. About 2.30 a. m. one of the monitors withdrew, and at daylight all followed.

The enemy fired but few times at this island, their attention being directed principally against Fort Sumter. We fired in all two hundred and ninety-one times.

No casualties to report.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT DE TREVILLE,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant M. KING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT MOULTRIE, S. C.,September 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that yesterday, about 2 p. m., one of the [---] steamed up and fired and charge of shrapnel at a party of negroes working immediately in front of the fort, but without doing any injury.

Last night at an early hour, the guns were manned, and, by order, at 12.15 p. [a.] m. I fired at the enemy's monitors from two 10-inch columbiads, to which they replied, but again without injury. An attack having apparently commenced at Battery Gregg, I fired shells up Vincent's Creek, as previously directed, firing in all twenty-nine times.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT DE TREVILLE,

Major, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE.

Numbers 15. Reports of Captain T. A. Huguenin, Third South Carolina Artillery, commanding Battery Beauregard, of operations August 23, 30, and 31.

BATTERY BEAUREGARD,

Sullivan's Island, August 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that nothing of importance occurred at this post during the past twenty-four hours, until 3 o'clock this morning, when, from the firing of the enemy, we ascertained that they had approached within range. The garrison was immediately ordered to battery, and just about daylight the enemy were

