
The wind continued to blow from the northeast during the whole action, and, as on Monday, very seriously embarrassed us in obtaining the ranges, settling right in front of our battery, and in nearly every case obscuring the point of fall. I also respectfully suggest that the gun, being on a ship carriage and very much exposed, be well protected by sand-bag traverses, which could be quickly removed at the critical juncture.

It is due Lieutenant Singleton to state that his practice from the two 10-inch columbiads under his immediate command was admirable, many of his shots striking fairly. Thirty-eight shots were fired from the Brooke gun, 21 14-pounder cartridges and 17 17-pounder cartridges, 23 cast-iron bolts and 5 wrought iron. Of the 3 which struck, 2 were cast and 1 wrought iron.

From columbiad Numbers 23, 20 rounds were fired, and from Numbers 1689, 35.

The men at the guns acted with great spirit, evincing both pride and hearty interest in the action. The Brooke gun is worked without difficulty on its ship carriage.

The enemy fired very few shots at the island, confining his fire chiefly to Sumter.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. Y. DWIGHT,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery D.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY,Sullivan's Island, September 2, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Lieutenant Dwight's orders were not to fire except when it could be done with effect.

WILLIAM BUTLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

AUGUST 19, 1863.- Capture of Signal Station at Saint John's Mill, Fla.*

Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. H. McCormick, Second Florida Cavalry.

CAMP FINEGAN, FLA.,

August 20, 1863.

The enemy captured my signal station and all the men (5) at Saint John's Mill last night. The next station below, all safe this morning.

Respectfully,

A. H. McCORMICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain W. CALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*By boats from the U. S. S. Hall and Norwich, under command of Acting Master Charles F. Mitchell.

---------------

