
am happy to learn that you are still willing to retain the command of the torpedo ram, for I know no one to whose skill and experience I would sooner trust the boat on so bold and gallant an undertaking. I feel convinced that another trial under more favorable circumstances will surely meet with success, notwithstanding the known defects of the vessel.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

Captain JAMES CARLIN,

Commanding Torpedo Ram, Charleston, S. C.

AUGUST 21-DECEMBER 31, 1863.- Bombardment of Charleston, S. C.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.- Major Henry Bryan, Assistant Inspector-General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Alfred Rhett, First South Carolina Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Henry Bryan, Assistant Inspector-General, C. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, January 6, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with inclosed order, I have the honor to make the following report on the bombardment of Charleston by the Abolition army up to this date:

The general result has been the injury of a large number of dwellings and stores, and many banks, public halls, churches, &amp;c., by the percussion and explosion of the shells thrown; the burning of six buildings and a cotton press December 25, 1863, by a fire originating from the explosion of a shell, and the destruction of some medical stores, August 21, 1863, by a shell bursting in the medical purveyor's office and setting fire to it. It has further caused considerable social distress by obliging thousands of persons in the lower part of the city, in order to avoid danger, to leave their homes and close their hotels, and seek refuge in the upper portion of the city or in the interior of the State. This will expose valuable property to theft, and to injury from the elements. The effect upon military operations here has been comparatively unimportant, and has occasioned no loss of material, excepting the medical stores, worth about $1,500. As a matter of prudence, all military headquarters, offices, and hospitals have been moved out of range to the upper portions of the city, the signal corps remaining at its post, which is out of the line of fire. As equally good buildings have been found it the upper part of the city for these offices, hospitals, &c., their removal cannot be considered an injury to the army. The movements of harbor transportation have been much inconvenienced, but not practically impeded by this bombardment.

The casualties have been remarkably few, and fallen almost entirely upon the civilians who clung to their homes. The whole result

---------------

*See also reports of Gillmore and Beauregard, pp. 3, 55, and Gillmore to Halleck, August 24, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II, p. 57.

---------------

