
Church street. This house, together with the one adjoining, were consumed. The sparks ignited the house at south corner of Church street and Saint Michael's alley. This house, three adjoining, and the cotton press in Church street were consumed. The sparks also ignited a house in Tradd street, which fire was soon suppressed. The regular members of the fire department were rather tardy in their attendance, owing to some mistake in ringing the bell, but on their appearance rendered good service. I immediately ordered out 200 men, First Regiment State Troops, who afterward appeared accompanied by Colonel T. B. Roberts. The fire still gaining ground, a detachment from Company A, Lucas' battalion, Captain [E. B.] Colhoun, and Company D, First Regiment South Carolina Artillery, Captain McMillan King, were ordered out. These men promptly appeared and rendered material aid in suppressing the fire. The correct range was gained by one gun of the enemy, which threw several shells in proximity to the engines and the fire.

I beg leave to call your attention to the coolness displayed by the men working the Etna and Marion fire-engines, especially those on the former. A shell burst very near the engine, but the men continued working and rendered good service.

Casualties occasioned by the enemy's shells: Mr. Knighton, a man eighty-three years old, right leg shot off below the knee by a shell; Miss Plane, wounded on foot be shell, both residing in house at the corner Meeting and Market streets; Jerry Murray, a member of Charleston Fire Engine Company, wounded in leg by a brick; Sergt. H. P. McClemons, Company H, First State Troops, contusion on left arm by a fragment of stone; Thomas R. Brown, private, Company H, First Regiment State Troops, painfully wounded on right hip and on neck by a fragment of stone; E. Ballinger, private, Company H, First Regiment State Troops, arm and thigh flesh wound; W. Meadows, Company H, First Regiment State Troops, contusion, thigh.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsements.]

JANUARY 2, 1864.

If the men referred to by Colonel Rhett belong to the service, have the act mentioned in orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

It seems that, from the letter of Colonel Rhett, the men who worked the engine AEtna were firemen. Does the general desire these to be mentioned in orders?

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No; but request Colonel Rhett to address a note on the subject to the mayor of the city.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

