
before first signaling to Sumter and Moultrie. I was in the captain's cabin and did not notice the direction. There were three casualties in the Twentieth Regiment, 2 men killed and 1 wounded. None drowned.

O. M. DANTZLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers.

P. S.- The first shot fired struck some distance behind the boat.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH SOUTH CAROLINA VOLUNTEERS,Sullivan's Island, September 4, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that while the Twentieth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers was being conveyed from Morris Island to this place, on Sunday night last, August 30, on board of the steamer Sumter, she was fired upon by the batteries on Sullivan's Island. The whistle was immediately blown, but, from some cause, the sound was not clear of loud; and I doubt if it could be heard at Sullivan's Island, amidst the noise, &amp;c., of manning the guns. A light was also displayed for several minutes, but as it seemed only to serve as a guide or mark for the batteries, I ordered it to be put out. It was a tallow candle (there being no other light on board), and it may not have been observed at the batteries, though I thought it was at the time. A brilliant light was displayed in the meanwhile at Battery Gregg, and on the parapet of Fort Sumter. The boat came to a dead halt as soon as fired upon, running aground before she proceeded 20 yards after being first fired upon. I would judge that some 30 shots were fired, and 3 took effect, 2 striking her below low-water mark, and the third cutting down 2 of the men of the Twentieth, on the lower deck, and wounding another. The men were relieved by small boats and barges, which were sent from Fort Sumter and Fort Johnson, but lost nearly all of their guns, accouterments, and ammunition. I had some 70 guns gathered up on the upper deck by a boat's crew after the men got off. I have made requisition for the guns, &c., needed, and solicit your aid in having us speedily supplied.

I should have stated that the batteries on Sullivan's Island did not cease firing until the arrival there of a small boat which i had dispatched to give notice that we were friends.

The boat went under water as the tide rose, and capsized a few hours after she was abandoned. I saw all the troops safe on board of the transports before leaving the wreck.

Respectfully submitted.

O. M. DANTZLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,September 5, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Roman, in connection wit the other papers on the same subject.

By command of General Beauregard:

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

