
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BATTERY D, SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, September 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following statement in reference to the firing into the steamer Sumter:

On the night on which it occurred-I have forgotten whether it was Sunday or Monday night-officers and men were all sleeping in the batteries, i at the Brooke gun and Lieutenant Singleton at the 10-inch columbiads. At 12 o'clock we had been roused by the sentinel observing a small boat some distance off the grillage, in front of my battery. I had the guns all manned, and sent a man to the beach to hail. The boat proved to be a post-boat, with Captain Adams, coming from Sumter. I mention this to show that we were on the lookout. Some time after 2 a. m. I was aroused by hearing the sergeant waking the detachment, and saying that a vessel was running in. It was shown to me as soon as I got upon the battery, and very soon after a shot was thrown from Moultrie or Battery K, and the firing soon became general, all three of the guns of my battery firing. Very soon after the alarm was given, Colonel Butler came on the battery and encouraged us to fire carefully but rapidly. I never doubted for a second that she was a hostile vessel, for I had no glass, could see no light, and all those around me seemed to have no doubt of it. I only fired 2 shots from the Brooke gun. Lieutenant Singleton, in charge of the columbiads, fired 9. I never saw any light on board the steamer, heard no whistle; but, after the firing ceased, I heard her apparently letting off steam. I think the night, though moonlight, was cloudy; certainly nothing more than a dark, shapeless object could be descried with the naked eye. The hour was between 2 and 3 a. m. I saw a light on Sumter just before the firing ceased. The steamer did not more from the time I first saw her to the end of the affair.

Respectfully,

R. Y. DWIGHT,

Lieutenant, First S. C. [Regular] Infantry, Commanding Battery.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

FORT MOULTRIE, September 3, 1863.

I hereby certify that very soon after the fire was opened from this fort on the steamer Sumter I was on the parapet, and remained there until the firing ceased; that I saw no light shown from the boat, nor did I hear any whistle blow. There was nothing attending the whole affair that indicated to the officer in command of this fort that it was one of our steamers until a small boat was discovered coming ashore, at which time the firing ceased.

W. T. FARROW,

Chaplain, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Statement of Benjamin Harnandez, coxswain on the harbor transport.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., September 4, 1863.

Benjamin Hernandez, a private in the Charleston Battalion, now on detached service as coxswain on the harbor transport, makes the

