
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

BATTERY K, SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, September 3, 1863.

Major DE TREVILLE, Fort Moultrie:

MAJOR: I would state in reference to the firing into the steamer Sumter, that the sentinels reported a vessel coming in from the direction of the fleet. I then observed a vessel, which appeared to me to be a monitor, moving toward Fort Sumter. I had my guns manned. I saw no light on board the steamer, nor did I hear nay whistle or other noise proceeding form her which could give me any intimation of her being one of our steamers. When first seen she was in the direction of the 3,000-yards buoy. After having fired for about ten minutes, I heard the pickets on the beach calk out, "Cease firing," and as soon as this was herd I ordered the firing to cease. As well as I can remember, it was between 2 and 2.30 o'clock in the night when the first opened on her. There was nothing in her appearance to give us any idea that she was one of our own boats; on the contrary, she appeared in the very same course that the monitors took when they entered the harbor at night, and after Fort Moultrie fired the first shot, and not seeing any signal shown, I was firmly under the belief that it was an enemy's vessel, and opened fire immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RIVERS,

Captain, Commanding Battery K.

N. B.-I would state that when I was ordered to fire I knew it was not a monitor, but supposed it to be one of the enemy's vessels.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

FORT MOULTRIE, September 3, 1863.

W. J. MARSHALL, Adjutant of Post:

SIR: Being at the battery on the night of the 30th of August, where officers and men were required to be, at their guns, the alarm was sounded and our guns were promptly manned.

On looking out from the parapet, I distinctly saw what I supposed to be a monitor coming in rear of Morris Island. She showed no lights whatever, neither did I hear a whistle of nay kind, nor did I see any light form Sumter. I was ordered to open fire, which I did from my 10-inch columbian. After firing 1 or 2 shorts, I discovered a very dim light, but only for a moment, when it again disappeared. I heard no noise, no did I see anything to warrant that she was not an enemy's vessel.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. VALENTINE,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

FORT MOULTRIE, September 3, 1863.

Lieutenant W. J. MARSHALL, Adjutant of Post:

SIR: At the request of Major De Treville, I make the following statement in reference to the firing into the steamer Sumter on the morning of the 30th of August: I got up after the firing had com-

