
menced and went immediately down to the battery commanded by Lieutenant Dwight. I there met Colonel Butler. I could see dimly a boat, which at the time I did not take to be a monitor. I saw no light at all from the vessel, nor did I hear her blow here whistle. Colonel Butler told me she had shown a light, and that he was afraid she was one of our own boats. He very soon after ordered the firing to cease, before the small boat form the steamer reached the shore. The sheather when I saw her was very far out, farther than I have ever seen boats go in passing between the city and Morris Island.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. WARDLAW,

Captain, A. Q. M., First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

FORT MOULTRIE, September 3, 1863.

Major ROBERT DE TREVILLE:

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from you requiring a full statement of what took place on Saturday night last, the 30th of August, I have the honor to report the following:

I was officer of the day on Saturday night, and was relieved on Sunday morning last. Upon going on duty I received the following order, in addition to the usual orders:

ORDERS, Numbers --.] HEADQUARTERS FORT MOULTRIE, August 27,1 863.

I. Pursuant to Orders, Numbers 47, headquarters artillery, dated August 24, 1863, the officer of the day will be required to be at all times on or near the sea face of the fort, to observe and give notice of the movements of the enemy when in sight.

II. Should any suspicious or threatening movements of the enemy be observed-if at night, a shot will be fired as a signal of alarm and the long-roll sounded, when all the batteries will be instantly manned and prepared for action; if by day, a shot will be fired, when the officer of the day will direct his immediate attention to the enemy's fleet, which if seen coming in, will have the ling-roll sounded and the batteries manned.

By order of Major De Treville:

WM. J. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant, and Adjutant of Post.

At about 1.30 a. m. I was walking on the parapet on the sea face of the fort, when I descried something looking very much like a monitor at or near the 3,000-yard buoy. I immediately reported it to you. You told me to inform Colonel Butler, who was inside the fort. I did so, and then ordered the long-roll sounded, and got permission to omit firing the gun, as it was os far out, and might not be really coming in. I then went to the guard-house to turn out the guard, as is customary, and while there the fort opened fire. Being also in command of a company and battery, I hastened through and repaired to the parapet. The boat had not quite got in range of the guns under my command, and I therefore did not fire, but was only waiting to see her a little better, to do so. I saw no light until after the firing was nearly over, and then it was very dim, and seemed as but a casual thing. I heard no whistle blow, nor any noise from that direction, until a small boat came ashore from her. The persons in the small boat made a great noise, and cried for us not to fire. I was then ordered by you to go and see what boat that was. I went immediately, and, upon finding them to be friends, turned and cried out as loud as I could: "Friends; don't fire;" but do not think Captain River heard me, as he still continued to fire. The fort had

