
resulting in repulse of iron-clads, the Ironside and several monitors appearing more or less damaged. Our works suffered but little; our casualties about 40.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.

ADDENDA.

Return of Casualties in the Confederate forces on Sullivan's Island (Third South Carolina Artillery), September 8.

[Compiled from nominal lists of casualties, returns, &amp;c.]

Command.	 Killed.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Wounded.	 Aggregat

 	 	 	 	 e.

 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Officers.	 Enlisted

 	 men.	 	 men.

Battery	 1	 ...	 1	 ....	 2

Beaurega

rd

Battery	 ...	 ...	 1	 1	 2

Bee

Fort	 ...	 18	 2	 26	 46

Moultrie

Total	 1	 18	 4	 27	 50

Numbers 2. Reports of Major Stephen Elliott, jr., C. S. Artillery, commanding Fort Sumter.
HEADQUARTERS FORT SUMTER, September 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report:

Up to this time no direct shots have been fired upon this fort.

Heavy firing was kept up continuously during yesterday up under cove of the darkness, and, about the time the Morris Island movement commenced throwing random shots up the harbor approaches, which they continued during the night. The Morris Island movement was accomplished successfully, so far as this post was concerned.

At 8 this morning the Ironside and five monitors were near this post; one of the latter quite near. There being a fog seaward, the number of vessels inside the bar and at the other points cannot be accurately counted, but there is no perceptible chance since yesterday. Two monitors have been employed this morning in sounding along Morris Island. They have taken convenient positions for firing at short range at this fort. I received a communication form Commander Dahlgren, through Lieutenant [R. J.] Bowen, C. S. Navy, demanding the surrender of this fort. An answer has been sent stating that a definite reply would be returned as soon as I could communicate with the commander of the department. Some valuable time has thus been gained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.,

Major Art., Provisional Army C. S., Commanding Post.

Captain W. F. NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

