
SUMTER, September 8-1.05 p. m.

CAPTAIN: The Ironside is withdrawing. One of the monitors has her smoke-stack badly bent.

STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.

Captain NANCE.

SUMTER, September 8-2.10 p. m.

CAPTAIN: The Ironside has been injured, but it is thought not seriously. One monitor has her smoke-stack bent down, and appears to be disabled. Another is aground on Morris Island, and could be destroyed by our batteries if they would fire at her. She has been shelling this fort without injury to us.

STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.

Captain NANCE.

[Indorsement.]

Have ordered the rifle guns on Sullivan's Island and James Island to continue.

NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT SUMTER, September 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of making the following report:

During yesterday the enemy's land batteries were silent. Early in the morning two monitors came up within short range of the fort, the Ironside and the remaining four monitors taking position near the outer buoy.

About 8 a. m., a flag of truce was sent by the enemy's fleet, which was by Lieutenant Bowen, C. S. Navy. A reply to the communication received was subsequently sent by flag of truce from this fort.

At 7 p. m. the Ironside and six monitors engaged Fort Moultrie, throwing an occasional shot at this post, which did no damage, excepting tearing away a small portion of the parapet on the west face. During the night, the noise of hammering could be distinctly heard from the parapet, indicating that one of the monitors had been injured and was repairing damages. One of the monitors appears to be aground about 1,200 yards from Sumter. There are thirty-six vessels inside the bar, including the Ironside and six monitors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.,

Major, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FORT SUMTER, September 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of making the following report:

About 8 o'clock yesterday morning the Ironside and five monitors took positions close to Sullivan's Island and engaged Fort Moul-

