
Numbers 5. Report of Captain B. S. Burnet, Third South Carolina Artillery.

BATTERY BEAUREGARD, September 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon the iron-clad fleet, consisting of the Ironsides and five monitors, having moved up the harbor, when within about 1,700 yards I opened fire from the Brooke gun at this battery, and struck her fairly upon her starboard quarter near the bow, bursting the persecution shell. Another percussion shell was exploded on her deck; besides which she was repeatedly struck by shell (which exploded) form the same gun. The other two guns on the sea face (a rifled 32-pounder and 8-inch columbian) were used with accuracy and effect.

I fired 33 shots in all, at ranges varying from, say, 1,700 to 1,400 yards, all directed against the Ironsides. In reply, when opened and kept up a vigorous and well-directed fire, frequently exploding shell above, in, and around the work, which, however, has not in any was injured it.

Fortunately, we sustained but one serious casualty. Lieutenant Erwin, of Company A, was struck by a fragment of shell, which tore off his left arm near the shoulder and a considerable portion of the left breast. He lingered senseless for about four minutes,a nd died. Lieutenants [E. W.] Macbeth and [J. L.] Wardlaw, of Company A, were slightly contused by the bursting of a shell.

When dark came on, I ordered the firing to cease.

Nothing else of importance has occurred at this post since my last report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. BURNET,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant M. KING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant R. Y. Dwight, Third Carolina Artillery.

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, September 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the action of yesterday prevented my making the usual morning report.

On Monday afternoon, at about 5.30 [o;clock], the Ironsides and monitors steamed in toward our works,a nd fire was opened upon the nearest monitor repeatedly, and just before dark three times successively with wrought-iron bolts and 20-pounder cartridges, she lying within the distance prescribed for the use of this charge. Immediately after being struck these three successive times, she went out, but it was then too dark to see what injury had been inflicted. Eleven shots were fired during the afternoon. I omitted to state that during the morning I fired 13 shells at the enemy on Cumming's Point and at Battery Wagner, most of which struck, and burst fairly in the works.

