
SEPTEMBER 8-9, 1863.-Boat Attack on Fort Sumter, S. C.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

Numbers 2.-Major Stephen Elliott, jr., C. S. Artillery, commanding Fort Sumter.

Numbers 1. Reports of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 9, 1863-11 a. m.

During night, thirty enemy's launches attacked Fort Sumter. Preparations had been made for such an event. At concerted signal, all batteries bearing on Sumter, assisted by one gunboat ram properly located, opened on exterior of fort. Fire-balls and hand-grenades were thrown out. Garrison behaved with gallantry and coolness. Major Elliott, commanding post. Enemy was completely repulsed, leaving 125 prisoners (13 officers included), four boats, and three colors. Nobody hurt on our side.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, September 22, 1863.

SIR: During the night of the 8th instant thirty or more of the enemy's launches, containing about 800 men, attacked Fort Sumter, defended by the Charleston Battalion, under Major Blake, Major Elliott, being in command of the post. Preparations had been mad for such an event, and, at a concerted signal, all the batteries bearing on the works, assistant by the gunboat Chicora, properly located, opened fire on the exterior of the fort. Fire-balls and handgrenads were thrown out by the garrison, which behaved with coolness and gallantry. In less than half an hour the enemy was decisively repulsed, leaving in our hands 125 prisoners (13 officers included), five launches, and five colors. His additional loss in killed, wounded, and drowned must have been large. Fortunately we had no casualties.

Among the colors taken was an old garrison flag, weather-worn, stained, and tattered, which was reported by some of the prisoners to be the one that had been lowered to us when Fort Sumter was surrendered by the United States on April 13, 1861. The appearance

---------------

*For reports of Rear-Admiral Dalhgren, Capts. J. F. Green, S. W. Pocketing, and Charles Steedman, Commander T. H. Stevens, Lieutenant Commanders Francis M. Acting Masters Jon C. Carr and Benjamin C. Dean, Ensign James Wallace, Acting Ensign William Knapp, and Acting Master's Mates Thomas Hollins and J. F. Kavanaugh, U. S. Navy, and Captain C. G. mcCawley and Lieutenant John C. Harris, U. S. Marine Corps, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1863, and December 7, 1864.

---------------

