
of this flag, and the circumstances under which it was found, satisfy me that really it is the same one that Major [Robert] Anderson was permitted to remove, and which our adversary hoped to replace above the shattered walls of that fortress as a dramatic surcease to his humiliation. With the sanction of the War Department, I have the honor to present it through Your Excellency to the State of South Carolina, as the fitting custodian of a flag people, in the face of your wives, children, and servants. I also send you, herewith, a set of photographs of Fort Sumter, showing its condition at the time of the assault.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of the State of South Carolina.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major Stephen Elliott, Jr., C. S. Artillery, commanding Fort Sumter.
HEADQUARTERS FORT SUMTER, September 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of making the following report:*

* * * * *

Having for several nights expected a boat attack, I had one-third of the garrison under arms on the parapet and the remainder so posted as to re-enforce with promptness.

At 1 o'clock morning I saw a fleet of barges approaching from the eastward. I ordered the fire to be reserved until they should arrive within a few yards of the fort. The enemy attempted to a land on the southeastern and southern faces. He was received by a well-directed fire of musketry and by hand-grenades, which were very effective in demoralizing him; fragments of the epaulement were also thrown down upon him. The crews near shore sought refuge in the recesses at the foot of the scarp, those farther off in flight. The repulse was decided and the assault was not renewed. His force is reported to have been 400 men, but it is believed to have been much larger.

His loss is 4 men killed, 2 officers and 17 men wounded, and 10 officers and 92 men captured. We secured five stand of colors and five barges; others were disabled and drifted off. One bunboat, and Fort Johnson and the Sullivan's Island batteries enfilade our faces and contributed to prevent a renewal of the assault. Many of the shot struck the fort.

The garrison, consisting of the Charleston Battalion, behaved admirably. All praise is due to Major Blake, his officers and men, for the promptness and gallantry displayed in the defense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.,

Major Artillery, Provisional Army, c. S., Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Fort portion here omitted, see p. 622.

---------------

