
sioned officers to enter without leave. Although I am not positive how it occurred, I feel confident, and it is my opinion, that it was caused by a shell exploding while the fuse was being extracted. We have had a great number of live shell sent ot us with short fuses, which we have had to extract and replace them with longer ones. My reason for believing that it was caused in this way is, that I know one of the ordnance men was working on a shell of this description (5-second fuse) near the entrance to the magazine,a nd the first thing heard of the explosion was the report of a single shell at that place, which ignited others, and I presume some fuses or quick matches were blown into the magazine, the door of which was open, causing the explosion.

There were about 1,200 pounds of power burned, together with 25 shells. All the tools, &amp;c., in these [buildings] were, of course, lost.

The casualties were as follows, viz: Second Lieutenant S. J. Lastinger, of Company G, Twenty-ninth Georgia Volunteers, killed by a tree falling on him which was blown down by the explosion; Sergt. H. E. Withworh, ordnance sergeant Company A, Twenty-ninth Georgia Volunteers; Sergt. James Graham, ordnance sergeant Company C, Twenty-second Battalion Georgia Volunteers; Corpl. Henry Scrott, assistant ordnance sergeant Company C, Twenty-second Battalion Georgia Volunteers; Private William Griffirs, assistant ordnance sergeant Company C, Twenty-second Battalion Georgia Volunteers. None were seriously wounded.

The above-named enlisted men are all the ordnance men in this command. When the magazine is rebuilt, I shall have to ask for an ordance sergeant to take charge of it.

I have the honor, lieutenant, to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. BILLOPP,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant [J. M.] SCHNIERLE,

Adjutant, &c.

OCTOBER 5, 1863.-Attempt to Blow up the U. S. S. New Ironsides, off Charleston Harbor.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Acting First Assistant Engineer J. H. Toombs, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 3.-Captain Francis D. Lee, C. S. Engineer Corps.

Numbers 4.-Extract from Journal of Operations in Charleston Harbor, S. C., September 1, 1863-January 21, 1864.

Numbers 1. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, October 6, 1863-7.12 p. m.

Last night Lieutenant Glassell, C. S. Navy, gallantly attempted to blow up the Ironsides with the small cigar torpedo-boat David. Explosion occurred at proper time, but either charge was too small or

---------------

*For reports of Rear-Admiral John A. Dahlgren and Captain S. C. Rowan, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

