
torpedo too near surface water. Damage thus far not apparent. Lieutenant Glasell and 1 man were captured; other 2 returned safely with boat. Commotion on board the Ironsides reported very great.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER.

Numbers 2. Report of Acting First Assistant Engineer J. H. Toombs, C. S. Navy.

FLAG-SHIP CHARLESTON, Charleston, S. C., October 6, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of the report of Acting First Assistant Engineer J. H. Toombs, C. S. Navy, who accompanied Lieutenant Glassell in his expedition against the Ironsisdes. The report of Mr. Toombs is strictly correct and reliable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. TUCKER,

Flag-Officer, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Monday evening, 5th instant, Lieutenant W. T. Glassell, Confederate Navy, in charge of the propeller David (a small submerged steamer), with the following crew, viz, James H. Toombs, acting first assistant engineer; the city and proceeded down the main ship-channel, passing through the entire fleet of the enemy's vessels and barges, until we arrived abreast of the U. S. frigate Ironsides,a at 8.30 p. m. We then stood off and on for thirty minutes waiting for the food tide to make.

At 9 p. m., everything being favorable and every one in favor of the attack, we headed for the Ironsides. When within 50 yards of her we were hailed, which was answered by a shot from a double-barreled gun in the hands of Lieutenant Glassell. I in two minutes we struck the ship (we going at full speed) under the starboard quarters, about 15 feet from her stern-post, exploding our torpedo about 6 1\2 feet under her bottom. The enemy fired rapidly with small-arms, riddling the vessel, but doing us no harm. The column of water thrown up was so great that it recoiled upon our rail bank in such force as to put the fires out and lead us to suppose that the little vessel would sink. The engine was reversed for backing, but the shock occasion by the jar had been so great as to throw in iron ballast among the machinery, which prevented its working. During this delay the vessel, owing to the tide and wind, hound under the quarter of the Ironsides, the fire upon us being kept up the whole time. Finding ourselves in this critical position, and believing our vessel to be in a sinking condition, we concluded that the only means of saving our lives was to jump overboard, trusting that we would be picket up by the boats of the enemy. Lieutenant Glassell and

