
[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DISTRICTS OF MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA, Lake City, October 28, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

JOS. FINEGAN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

When General Finegan requires assistance let him call on Brigadier-General Garner. Give them orders to mutually support each other.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD.]

OCTOBER 19, 1863.-Affair at Murrell's Inlet, S. C.

Report of Brigadier General J. H. Trapier, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Military District.

HDQRS. 4TH MILITARY DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Georgetown, October 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the capture, by a detachment belonging to Company B, Twenty-first Battalion Georgia Cavalry, under the command of Lieutenant [Ely] Kennedy, of 10 of the enemy (a lieutenant and 9 men), at Murrell's Inlet, on the afternoon of the 19th instant, under the following circumstances:

About a week ago a schooner,* attempting to run the blockade into that inlet, was driven ashore near by. Her cargo was then burned by the crew. It is presumed that the object of the enemy's demonstration on the 19th was the destruction of this cargo. He approached the shore in two barges, one of them carrying a howitzer.+ His blockading vessel lay off about 500 yards from the beach. Seventeen men, armed with rifles and pistols, landed and approached the sand-hills. Behind these hills Lieutenant Kennedy had concealed a portion of his men, dismounted. Another body (mounted) was ordered to make a dash upon the enemy's rear as soon as fire was opened upon them in front, and cut off their retreat. The orders were executed with promptness and precision, and the result was as I have reported, without a single casualty on our side, notwithstanding that the enemy opened fire from his gunboat as well as his barges. None of his dead or wounded fell int our hands, but several men were seen to fall when the retreating barges were fired upon.

The little affair reflects much credit upon the skill and judgment of the young officer in command, as well as upon the courage and coolness of his men.

Major [W. P.] White, commanding on Waccamaw Neck, says in his official report: "Every man engaged in the affair deserves commendation." He mentions particularly Sergt. W. H. Crawford, who

---------------

*The Rover.

+For report of Acting Ensign Myron W. Tillson, U. S. Navy, commanding this expedition, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

