
received the sword of the captured officer. The prisoners leave today under guard for the headquarters of the department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., October 25, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. TRAPIER:

GENERAL: Please express to Lieutenant [Ely] Kennedy and his command the high sense which the commanding general has of the good conduct which characterized their affair on the afternoon of the 19th instant, at Murrell's Inlet, with the enemy's barges, which resulted in the capture of a lieutenant and 10 men of the enemy's force. The commanding general is further pleased to thank Sergt. W. H. Crawford for the part he took in the transaction, as specially noticed by his commanding officer. Officers and men on outpost service, by coolness, vigilance, subordination, and resolution, may frequently render signal service by successful small encounters with the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,[G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 15, 1863.-Demonstration on John's Island, S. C.

Reports of Major John Jenkins, Third South Carolina Cavalry.

JOHN'S ISLAND, November 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Agreeably to orders, Lieutenant [W. G.] Whilden, with detachment of Washington Artillery, leaves here to-morrow morning. The section of artillery sent to relieve them have three howitzers. The enemy have Parrott guns, which threw shells form Kiawah Island (near the bridge) to the Haulover Cut. I had the howitzers in our skirmish this afternoon well advanced toward the woods, which I was endeavoring to enter, with a view ot destroy the bridge connecting Subrace and Kiawah Islands, when (although column which was advancing upon us from Kiawah with guns which commanded our position, from which, on account of the inferior range of Parrott gun, from another point returned the fire and made good practice. Under the condition of things developed since this morning, tit would be eminently desirable to keep the Parrott gun and this section of the Washington Artillery over here and the matter is respectfully submitted tot he consideration of the brigadier-general commanding. Whether the enemy have landed merely to protect their observatory, and which now towers above the trees on

47 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT I

