
NOVEMBER 16, 18863.-Engagement between the U. S. Monitors and the Sullivan's Island Batteries.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District.

Numbers 2.-Captain Thomas B. Lee, C. S. Corps of Engineers.

Numbers 3.-Major William S. Basiner, Eighteenth Georgia Battalion, commanding Battery Marion.

Numbers 4.-Captain C. H. Rivers, Third South Carolina Artillery, commanding Battery Rutledge.

Numbers 5.-Captain Jacob Valentine, Third South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Moultrie.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District.

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, November 16, 1863-11.15 a. m.

GENERAL: Enemy sent in Nantucket and two tugs to support Gregg last night. Colonel Butler was directed to pay particular attention to them this morning, which he did. Nantucket got aground and remains there. Three other monitors came to her relief. Unless she gets off within twenty minutes she must remain over the tide. Have directed the firing to be slow until tide falls, when, if hose remains, will endeavor to finish work. One rifled 32-pounder discounted in Fort Moultrie; 1 man killed and 3 wounded.

R. S. RIPLEY.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Thomas B. Lee, C. S. Corps of Engineers.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Sullivans' Island, November 16, 1863.

MAJOR: To-day Fort Moultrie and Battery Rutledge opened fire, nd continued it from 7 a. m. to 11 a. m., on four monitors, about 1 mile distant. One monitor being aground, did not reply to our fire. Fifty shots were fired at our batteries from the boats, 20 of which struck Fort Moultire and 1 he east mortar battery. A shot struck the muzzle of the 32-pounder rifled gun west of the flag-staff on Moultrie, carrying away 10 inches of it and throwing the gun in a

vertical position on its breech. The escarpment of the front was struck four times, the merlons five times, and 1 shot struck the magazine. All damage done was repaired in one hour by 20 hands. A 15-inch shell entered 3 fleet below the tops surface of the traverse. The shot that struck the magazine did no damage whatever. Up to this time I have been unable to trace the enemy's mortar shells lower

---------------

*For reports of Rear-Admiral Dahlgren and Commander A. Bryson, U. S. Navy see Annusal Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

