
than a depth of 4 fleet in the sand. When they exploded at a depth of 4 feet, fragments were traced 1 1\2 feet deeper.

Respectfully,

T. B. LEE,

Captain of Engineers.

Major W. H. ENCHOLS, Chief Eng., State of South Carolina.

Numbers 3. Report of Major William S. Basinger, Eighteenth Georgia Battalion, commanding Battery Marion.

BATTERY MARION, November 17, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that during the affair yesterday between Fort Moultrie and the enemy's iron vessels Private J. C. Fowke, Company C, Eighteenth Georgia Battalion, was slightly wounded in the side by a fragment of a shell. there is nothing else to report for the last twenty-four hours.

Very respectfully,

WM. S. BASINGER

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. C. EDGERTON, A. A. A. G.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain C. H. Rivers, Third South Carolina Artillery, commanding Battery Rutletge.

BATTERY RUTLEDGE, November 16, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that this morning, at about 7 o'clock, I opened on a monitor which was aground off Morris Island. Soon after the engagement began, three monitors came in to protect he, and the engagement became general. Eighty-nine solid shots and 33 shells were fired from three of the guns of my battery bearing on the enemy. I ceased firing at about 11 o'clock. No shots were fired at this battery. The monitor succeeded in getting off at high water, apparently not injured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RIVERS,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant EDGERTON, A. A. A. G.

Numbers 5. Reports of Captain Jacob Valentine, Third South Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Moultrie.

HEADQUARTERS FORT MOULTIRE, November 16, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that there was discovered, about 7 a. m., opposite this post, on the Morris Island side, one of the enemy's monitors aground.* We immediately opened fire on her from this post, seemingly with good effect, as she commenced to signal to the fleet, and very soon brought to her assistance three more monitors, + which immediately opened fire upon us in return. One

---------------

*The Lehigh.

+The Montauk, Nahant, and Passaic.

---------------

