
shell fired form one of them exploded in the sally-port, wounding Private Amos Helms, Company C, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry, lacerated wound of thigh and face, slight; Private J. L. Dawson, Company G, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry, lacerated wound of face and arm, severe; Private Thomas Scott, Company E, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry, lacerated wound of face, severe.

One 32-pounder rifle was dismounted by a shell from one of the monitors.

We fired in all 189 shots. Our principal fire was directed on the monitor aground.

The enemy fired 73 shots, 52 of which were from the monitors and 21 from the land batteries.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. VALENTINE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. C. EDGERTON, A. A. A. G.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, West End Sullivan's Island, November 16, 1863.

SIR: I have only to add to the foregoing statement that the monitor, after remaining for three or four hours under a slow fire from Fort Moultrie and Battery Rutledge, was at high tide drawn of into deep water by the monitors which had come up to her assistance, not, however, before a considerable amount of stores (supposed to be ordnance stores) had been thrown overboard. The monitor, while aground, was struck a number of times, and must have been somewhat damaged. It became necessary to reply to the fire of the three monitors which came ot the assistance of the grounded one, in order to prevent the dismounting of our guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WILLIAM BUTLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE, A. A. G.

HEADQUARTERS FORT MOULTRIE, November 17, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 16th, about 7. 15 o'clock, a monitor was discovered to be aground opposite this post. Fire was immediately opened upon her with effect, many shots having been seen to strike. She made no reply, but began to signalize the fleet, when three other monitors came to her assistance, nd, taking position about 1,800 or 2,000 yards distant, opened fire form rifled and 15-inch guns, using hoot, shell, and grape. The greater portion of our fire was directed at the monitor aground, but, owing to her greater distance, we were enabled ot bestow some attention to each of the others. One hundred and seventy-nine shots were fired, to which the enemy replied with 73,52 from their monitors and 21 from their land batteries on Morris Island. Five additional shots from land battery were fired at this fort at 5.30 p. m.

The guns at this post were manned by three companies First South

