
able for an attack, I aroused and placed the whole garrison under arms. Before visiting Captain Harleston's quarters, I found that he had taken the same precaution.

At 3 o'clock a detachment of the enemy's barges, variously estimated at from four to nine in number, approached 300 yards of the fort and opened fire with musketry. Most of the troops got into position very rapidly, but, in spite of all instructions, commenced a random fire into the air on the part of many and at the distant boats on the part of others. The others stationed in the center bomb-proof for the most part refused to ascend the parapet, thought encouraged by the example of Lieutenant Mironell and a few other brave men.

I have sent a dispatch to General Taliaferro, asking him to relieve two lieutenants who did not behave well. I have not evidence enough to convict them, but do not want them here longer. I have taken measures which I trust may insure better conduct in the future.

No rockets were sent up, because positive attack was not made. The ricochet practice from Sullivan's Island was very handsome. The fire from Johnson was very bad, the balls passing directly over the fort. Private T. Wheeler, Company D, First South Carolina Artillery, was wounded slightly in the head yesterday evening by a brick.

I respectfully request that, if practicable, Captain Harleston be retained here until the dark nights have entirely passed by.

His removal just at this time will be a great misfortune too me, as I am greatly dependent on his watchfulness and ability.

Very respectfully,

STEPHEN ELLIOTT, JR.,

Major, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant S. C. BOYLESTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 21.

Paragraph marked [in italics] is approved.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD.]

Numbers 2. Report of Major William S. Basinger, Eighteenth Georgia Battalion, commanding Battery Marion.

BATTERY MARION, November 20, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: About 3 o'clock last night the enemy's boats approached Fort Sumter. The prescribed signals were not mad to indicate an attack. There were frequent discharges of musketry, however, between the fort and the boats. The guns of this battery were directed and fired as if to repel such an attack. When it appeared that the attempt was not pursued, the firing ceased. It could not be discovered what was the effect of the fire. There were 13 shots and 7 mortar shells discharged.

Very respectfully,

WM. S. BASINGER,

Major Eighteenth Georgia Battalion, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. C. EDGERTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

