
Numbers 3. Report of Captain Jacob Valentine, Third south Carolina Artillery, commanding Fort Moultrie.

FORT MOULTRIE, November 20, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that this morning, quarter to 3 o'clock, the enemy made an attack on Fort Sumter, with what force could not be ascertained. The night being dark, we could not discern any object. Our guns were pointed and manned and we were enabled to aim with greater accuracy by the flashes of the enemy's fire around the fort. The firing lasted about one hour, when a dispatch form Sumter announced all was well. There were 16 shots fired from this post yesterday. The enemy fired 657 shots at Sumter, and 15 shots supposed to be at the city; there were 6 shots fired at this post, doing no injury.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. VALENTINE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. C. EDGERTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Warren Adams, Third South Carolina Artillery, commanding Battery Bee.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY BEE, November 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor most respectfully ot report that during the firing from this battery last night Private [J. B.] Eskew, Company I, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry, was killed, and Private [M.] Cooney, of same company, was explosion of the gun. Captain K. G. Billings was in command of the gun, and reports no visible carelessness on the part of either gunner or cannoneers who were loading the piece.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WARREN ADAMS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. C. EDGERTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain R. Press. Smith, jr., Third South Carolina Artillery, commanding Brooke Gun Battery.

HEADQUARTERS BROOKE GUN BATTERY, November 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that between 2.30 and 3 o'clock this morning rapid and heavy discharges of small-arms were seen and heard in and around Fort Sumter. I fired the Brooke gun three times with shrapnel and once with a hollow shot, in the manner pre-

