
that it was impracticable to bring the guns away with his force, and that they could not be brought across the marsh, as there was but one hour of daylight. I directed him, if it was utterly impossible to bring off the guns, to spike them and destroy the carriages.

I again returned to the Pawnee ot see if it was knot possible to send boats up a creek or bayou running from the woods to the StoNumbers Captain Balch thought not, but sent up a crew, who reported 100 yards of marsh between the creek and the woods. The lookout form the Pawnee now reported a large body of infantry, given as 2,000, making their way down the causeway toward Legareville. As night had come on, I ordered the troops to fall after doing the guns all the damage possible.

My command brought in about fifty shovels and a half dozen or more knapsacks, thrown away by the rebels in their flight. They reported two guns, the second a little to the south of the first, 6 dead horses, and 1 dead rebel. The guns were dismounted, the wheels taken from the carriages, and such dismantling as rendered removal by the rebels impossible.

Upon my return, I reported the movement to the major-general commanding. It was no thought best to make another effort t secure the guns on the succeeding day. On the day after, the commander of the Pawnee discovered a creek leading directly to the guns. With his boats he was enabled to land within a few yards of one of them and within a few hundred yards of the other. By flanking the position with one gunboat up the Kiawah, he was easily enabled to bring off the guns.

It gives me pleasure to bear testimony to the gallant conduct of the navy upon this occasion. I regret that the darkness prevented my overcoming difficulties attendant upon dragging the guns into Legareville, and then presenting to the navy upon this occasion. I regret that the darkness prevented my overcoming difficulties attendant upon dragging the guns into Legareville, and then presenting to the navy those trophies which their valor had so well earned; a few hours of daylight would have discovered the creek through which the guns were ultimately brought away.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 26, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Expedition to destroy two gunboats in the Stono yesterday failed through bad firing of our batteries. We had 1 man killed and 5 wounded; 8 horses disabled. I will try another plan.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

