
Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army, commanding Sixth Military District.
HDQRS. 6TH MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.., December 25, 1863-6.15 p. m.

GENERAL: Every preparation was duly made against Legareville and the gunboats. The batteries were completed and everything ready and in position by daylight, and our fire opened at the appointed time upon the Marblehead, about 300 yards form the wharf of the village landing. The enemy's force on land was about 200; not in the village, but on a little island with a narrow defile leading to it. Colonel Page determined to attack with a field battery and the infantry; but to do so waited for our siege guns ot drive the unbolt form the wharf. She didn't open for twenty minutes after our fire commenced. Our fire was kept up for about an hour at 1,000 yards distance without making the least impression, or, as Colonel Page thinks, even hitting her at all.

In the meantime, the Pawnee and a mortar boat rna up the Kiawah and opened fire on flank and rear of our lower batteries, killing 1 private, severely wounding 5 others (2 supposed mortally), and killing 8 horses. Colonel Page instantly withdrew and fell back, the infantry to Roper's and the artillery to Walpole's.

On hearing the heavy firing this morning, I hastened in person to the ground and met Colonel Page at the latter place. Learning the above from him, and that two howitzers (heavy) and the body of the resolve before I reached him to remain until to-morrow, and I ordered him to regain, if possible, to-night the guns and the dead. He has rations and forage until Sunday next, the 27th. His official report will be made as soon as the expedition is ended. I regret its failure.

I am, general, your obedient servant,HENRY A WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel P. R. Page, Twenty-sixth Virginia Infantry.

WALPLOE'S, December 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I am sorry to say to the general that the expedition has been a failure. We opened the attack at daylight this morning, according to instructions, the Marblehead alone being in StoNumbers The vessel was never touched by the artillery. The Pawnee and a mortar boat soon came up the Kiawah, flanking our lower batteries,a nd we were compelled ot withdraw with the following casualties in the artillery, as reported by Colonel [Del.] Kempter: One man killed and 5 horses killed, and 1 ambulance mule from the Twenty-sixth Regiment. There were no casualties in the infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. PAGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. PEARCE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

