
of the hillocks. Some of the men were captured inside of the enemy's lines. Captain Dickison also secured 21 Springfield and Enfield rifles, 21 cartridge-boxes and accouterments, containing 30 rounds each, and 1 sword.

Lieutenant [W. H.] McCardell, Lieutenant [Samuel C.] Reddick, and men are reported to have acted most gallantly. The strength of the enemy in the engagement (as reported by the wounded lieutenant) was 60 men. They has four wagons in the rear for hauling wood which the y had cut, but they were so far behind that they made good their escape.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST FLORIDA, Numbers 1. Lake City, January 7, 1864.

I. The brigadier-general commanding has again the pleasure of calling the attention of the troops in this district to another brilliant exploit of Captain J. J. Dickison, with Lieutenants mcCardella nd Reddick, and detachment of Companies C and H, of the Second Regiment of Florida Cavalry. This little force, on the morning of the 30th ultimo, made an attack on a superior force of the enemy, and even within the limits of their own lines not only defeated them, but captured 24, and killed and wounded 6, including their commanding officer, and secured all their arms and accouterments and without any casualties to our own men.

Were this the first of these achievements, their success might be attributed, by those ignorant of these gallant men, to chance or circumstances, but time and again have these men been the subject of praise form their district commander, and their many acts of heroism evince how easy it is willing and resolute men to annoy and injure our enemy.

II. For his gallantry on the occasion, the sword captured in the fight will be presented to Sergeant [J. S.] Poer, of Captain Dickison's company, and with it he will received the thanks of the whole people of the district, for there are none, however craven, who do not love to honor brave men.

By order of Brigadier-General Finegan, commanding:

R. B. THOMAS,

Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

