
seemed to annoy the enemy, as he occasionally fired with great spirit to dislodge them, but ineffectually. One casualty in Battery Wagner during the day.

The effective force on Morris Island was 663 infantry, 248 artillery, and 11 cavalry; total, 992.

During the day, I received the following telegram from Brigadier General M. Jenkins, dated Petersburg, Va.:

My scouts report shipment of troops (both infantry and cavalry) from Norfolk, supposed for Charleston. Large quantities of forage shipped. Cavalry left 6th instant.

the chief engineer was instructed to lay out and erect a line of works on James island, from Secessionville to Dill's house, in lieu of the present defensive lines, to consist of lunettes with closed gorges, disposed at one-half to three-quarters of a mile apart, and connected with cremaillere lines.

Captain Tucker, C. S. Navy, was informed of the practice on the part of the enemy of putting out boat pickets at night to observe the movements of our transportation to Morris Island, and it was suggested to Captain Tucker that steps should be taken by the navy to break up these pickets.

Upon the approach of one of our transportation steamers, signals would be exchanged between the enemy's boats and their land batteries, and these latter opening immediately a heavy fire upon Cumming's Point, rendered our communications extremely difficult and hazardous. At times, also, the enemy illuminated the landing with a powerful calcium light, so as to prevent the approach of our steamers, forcing us to transport our supplies of men and munitions by means of small boats.

During the 10th, the enemy remained comparatively quiet until about 8 p. m., when he opened briskly on Battery Wagner. On our side, firing was kept up from Battery Simkins with columbiads from 11 a. m. to 11 p. m., when mortar firing was resumed and continued until morning.

The enemy on Morris Island was busy during the past night, and his advance works were then about 600 yards from battery Wagner, though no guns were yet in that position.

My telegram to you of that date was:

Nothing of importance has occurred since yesterday. Evans' brigade is arriving in Savannah, and Colquitt's regiments arriving here.

About 7 o'clock on the morning of the 11th, the fleet and land batteries opened heavily on Battery Wagner, and were replied to by Fort Sumter and Batteries Simkins and Gregg. One casualty occurred during the day, the enemy, as well as ourselves, working persistently in spite of the excessive heat.

Our garrison on Morris Island consisted of 1,245 of all arms.

At 5.45 o'clock on the morning of the 12th, the enemy opened on Fort Sumter with an 8-inch Parrott gun, firing from battery to north and west of Craig's Hill, Morris Island; distance estimated to be at last 4,400 yards. Eleven shots in all were fired at the fort; 4 missed, 3 struck outside, and 4 within the fort. Again, at 5.30 p. m., the enemy opened on Fort Sumter from the same battery, firing at intervals of ten minutes till dark. Eleven 8-inch rifled shot struck the fort.

Heavy firing was carried on throughout the day against Battery Wagner. Fort Sumter, Batteries Gregg and Simkins directed their

