
6. the city of Charleston may be completely covered by General Gillmore's guns on Morris Island, but at the distance of 4 miles from his advance battery to the nearest point of the city.

I will conclude by stating that, strange as it may appear, the total loss in killed and wounded on Morris Island from July 10 to September 7, was only 641 men, and, deducting the killed and wounded due to the landing on July 10 and to the assaults of July 11 and 18, the killed and wounded due to the terrible bombardment, which lasted almost uninterruptedly night and day during fifty-eight days, amounted to 296 men, many of whom were only slightly wounded. It is still more remarkable that during the same period of time, when the enemy fired 6,202 shots and shells at Firt Sumter, varying in weight from 30 pounds to 300 pounds, only 3 men were killed and 49 wounded. Indeed, the hand of the Almighty would seem to have protected the heroic garrison of that now historic work.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]

Official report of the occupation of Morris island.

The following is General Gillmore's official report of the occupation of Morris Island:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, September 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Fort Wagner and Battery Gregg are ours. Last night our sappers crowned the crest of the counter-scarp of Fort Wagner on its sea front, masking all its guns, and an order was issued to carry the place by assault at 9 o'clock this morning, that being the hour of low tide.

About 10 o'clock last night the enemy commenced evacuating the island, and all but 75 made their escape from Cumming;s Point in small boats.

Captured dispatches show that Fort Wagner was commenced by Colonel Keitt, of South Carolina, and garrisoned by 1,400 effective men, and Battery Gregg by between 100 and 200. Fort Wagner is a work of the most formidable kind. Its bomb-proof shelter, capable of holding 1,800 men, remains intact after the most terrible bombardment to which to which any work was ever subjected. We have captured nineteen pieces of artillery and a large supply of excellent ammunition.

The city and harbor of Charleston are now completely covered by my guns.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

