
 [CHAP. XXII.
bank of the river and unsafe to remain on this many weeks without large re-enforcements. The attack on Sunday was made, according to the best evidence I have, by one hundred and sixty-two regiments. Of these many were lost by killed, wounded, and desertion. They are at present very badly crippled, and cannot recover under two or three weeks. Of this matter you may be better able to judge than I am.

There was one act of the rebels on the battle-field on Sunday which cannot be justified. I have the evidence of officers who say, and could not be deceived, that a brigade dressed in black, and with the Union flag unfurled, passed through an open field in front of one of our batteries, thereby regaining a position that could not otherwise have been attained without loss of life.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

P. S.-I inclose herewith invoice of ordnance and ordnance stores shipped from Fort Henry, together with notes explaining the condition of it.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 35. Pittsburg, April 9, 1862.

1. All persons are prohibited from passing beyond the pickets without special authority from these headquarters, or on duty, as hereinafter specially provided.

2. Officers so offending will be arrested and charges preferred against them. Enlisted men will be confined and charged with desertion.

3. Citizens attempting to pass in or out without proper authority will be arrested and sent before the provost-marshal, Colonel David E. Wood, office near the Landing.

4. Pickets or outguards of cavalry will be stationed on all the approaches to camps, under the supervision of division commanders, each guarding their own front and one half of the space on each side.

5. A cavalry force will be sent out each day from each division for purpose of executing paragraphs, 1,2 and 3 of this order.

6. As soon as possible sanitary regulations will be made by different division and brigade commanders, and, if necessary, camps may be moved either to the front or rear, but not to change the effectiveness of the present line.

7. All firing by the troops is positively prohibited in camp. Where it is necessary to discharge fire-arms, it will be done under proper regulations, made by division commanders, and such men as are to discharge their pieces will be marched in an orderly manner to the front of the outguards for that purpose and back to their camps.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 49. Pittsburg, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

1. Brigadier General John McArthur will assume temporary command of the Second Division of this army.

2. Major General C. F. Smith is hereby temporarily appointed to the com-

