
over Owl Creek, with pickets extending forward as far as prudence will admit.

IV. The Fourth Brigade will post a guard of at least one company about a mile in front, with pickets half a mile farther in the woods south of Owl Creek, and near the large field where the Confederate hospital was situated.

V. The Third Brigade will keep a guard of at least one company at the Lee place, with pickets out along the main Corinth road as far as the hospital and beyond.

VI. The Second Brigade will keep a guard near the extremity of the open ground to their left front, with pickets out connecting with those of the Third Brigade.

VII. All false alarms must be avoided. In case the enemy's cavalry approach, the pickets should take shelter, fire on the cavalry, and drive them back. If threatened by superior force or by the enemy's infantry, then fall back slowly, taking advantage of all shelter, on the main guard. The main guard should send word back to their respective brigade commanders and hold their ground, to give time for the formation of the main line of defense.

VIII. In case of a renewal of attack by the enemy our front line of defense must be held at all hazards, and no regiment should fall back without orders from the division commander. Supports of infantry and artillery close at hand, and will always be brought up from the rear as fast as necessary.

IX. The commanding officer of each brigade guard will permit no person, citizen or soldier to pass their lines, out or in, without the written authority of some superior, unless it be cavalry pickets and escorts sent out for some specific purposes. All soldiers or citizens attempting to pass the lines, out or in, must be kept as prisoners, and sent in under escort to their brigade commanders. A written report of each brigade guard must be made and sent by the brigadiers to these headquarters.

X. The muskets of the men must be kept clean and unloaded. The advance guard and pickets will load on being posted, and discharge the muskets by volley on being relieved, about 10 a. m., and at no other time.

XI. Each brigade commander will examine carefully his immediate front, fell trees to afford his men a barricade, and clear away all underbrush for 200 yards in front, so as to uncover an approaching enemy. With these precautions we can hold our camp against any amount of force that can be brought against us. The experience of the last battle must convince the wavering that in organization is safety, and any officer or soldier who is out of his place in the ranks is worse than an open enemy, and must be shot. Colonels of regiments must see that their file closers are instructed on this point, and that they execute summary punishment on any miscreant that dares break his ranks.

XII. Men must not leave the ranks to remove the wounded. The wounded will be looked to as soon after the cessation as the colonel may order, and any man who leaves his ranks on the plea of sheltering or relieving the wounded while his company or regiment is engaged must be treated as a fugitive and summarily punished. The safety of this army and the only chance of success is in our keeping our brigades and regiments compact and in good order, and any colonel who allows his regiment to fall into disorder from any pretext whatever shall be disgraced.

XIII. Each regiment will keep on hand cartridges at the rate of 100 per man, 40, always in the cartridge boxes, and from 40 to 60 near at

