
in case he was attacked not to pursue the enemy. Consequently pursuit was not kept up for any distance.

General Halleck having left Saint Louis no information is sent to that point. General Halleck has arrived at Pittsburg by this time, and we ought to hear from him soon.

A. STAGER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Savannah:

I have reliable information from Pocahontas that all the rebel forces in Arkansas are moving to Memphis. Van Dorn is already there.

Price was at Des Arc, 75 miles below Jacksonport by water, about to embark. I think it certain that the whole rebel force in Arkansas has gone to re-enforce Beauregard. The rebels report Buell and 6,000 men of our troops captured.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 16. Pittsburg, Tenn., April 13, 1862.

1. The major-general commanding the department thanks Major-General Grant and Major-General Buell and the officers and men of their respective commands for the bravery and endurance with [which] they sustained the general attacks of the enemy on the 6th, and for the heroic manner in which on the 7th instant they defeated and routed the entire rebel army. The soldiers of the great West have added new laurels to those which they had already won on numerous fields.

2. While congratulating the troops on their glorious success, the commanding general desires to impress upon all officers as well as men the necessity of greater discipline and order. These are as essential to the success as to the victorious; but with them we can march forward to new fields of honor and glory, till this wicked rebellion is completely crushed out and peace restored to our country.

3. Major-Generals Grant and Buell will retain the immediate command of their respective armies in the field.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pittsburg, Tenn., April 14, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District and Army in the Field:

Immediate and active measures must be taken to put your command in condition to resist another attack by the enemy. Fractions of batteries will be united temporarily under competent officers, supplied with ammunition, and placed in position for service. Divisions and brigades should, where necessary, be reorganized and put in position, and all stragglers returned to their companies and regiments. Your army is

