
have a strong position at the fort, with heavy batteries on the river. Commodore Foote cannot reduce them without incurring the risk of losing most of his boats. Our mortars will be placed to-day and open fire. I believe the enemy have about 10,000 men in their works-which extend 5 miles-fully intrenched, for the attack, and will contest as they did at Numbers 10. The country on the Tennessee shore is overflowed and impassable for 40 miles above the fort, leaving no chance to turn their position with land forces on that side. The Arkansas shore will be examined to-day and some means found by General Pope to get around the enemy, which will probably require a canal and two weeks' time. General Pope may be ordered up Tennessee River by General Halleck. His men are all afloat, and could join General Halleck within five days from time notice was received. We have positive information that Van Dorn had reached Memphis, and General Price was loading his forces 50 miles below Jacksonport, on the Arkansas River-both on their way to re-enforce Beauregard. General Halleck has been advised of this, and may need General Pope's army to join him immediately, unless you have sent forces west from the Potomac. I arrived here at 9 o'clock by steamer to give you information and with dispatches for General Halleck. He cannot be reached by telegraph. If General Pope finds, after careful examination, that he cannot capture Fort Pillow within ten days, had he not better re-enforce General Halleck immediately, and let Commodore Foote continue to blockade below until forces can be returned and the position be turned by General Halleck beating Beauregard and marching upon Memphis from Corinth? Will you advise upon this subject and immediately? I will remain at New Madrid for answer. Your message of yesterday received. All my time has been fully occupied, and I believe with benefit to operations here. My clerk has been very ill. Started him East Friday last. I will endeavor to write you tomorrow evening from the fleet.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 15, 1862.

General HALLECK,

Commanding, Savannah, Tenn.:

Thomas A. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War, telegraphs from New Madrid, April 14, 11 p. m., that General Pope's army is all afloat. He asks if he shall re-enforce you. Can be at Pittsburg Landing in five days. Fort Pillow strongly fortified. The enemy will make a decided stand. May require two weeks to turn the position and reduce the works.

I answered that you had intimated no change in General Pope's destination, and said I thought you relied on the re-enforcements General Buell could give you.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PITTSBURG LANDING, April 15, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Mississippi River:

Move with your army to this place, leaving troops enough with Com-

