
and destroying of private property. The citizens are not to be molested by our troops. Make severe examples of company commanders whose companies are guilty of such conduct. If necessary, ship them to headquarters, with charges, and request that they be mustered out of service. You will make, or cause to be made, requisitions upon the quartermaster and commissary at Paducah, Ky., for such supplies as you may need for your command, being careful to have at least fifteen days' rations and eight days' forage on hand at all times. You will see that the telegraph line at Dover is properly guarded and that all public property is taken care of.

Colonel Fouke will turn over to you any instructions he may have received relative to the duties of post commander for your future guidance. and your particular attention is called to general orders from headquarters of the department, Numbers 3, series of 1861,* and to accompanying orders from these headquarters.+

All information you may obtain that in your judgment would be beneficial to be known at these headquarters you will immediately forward. Six companies of your command will be stationed at Clarksville for the purpose of garrisoning that place, to be governed by same instructions as above.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HENRY, April 17, 1862.

J. C. KELTON:

Yesterday a detachment of my command, under Major Shaeffer de Boernstein, captured near Paris Confederate army supplies valued at $15,000, consisting of corn, wheat, oats, flour, sugar, butter, and molasses.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding Curtis' Horse.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,

No. 39. Pittsburg, April 17, 1862.

Constant guards must be kept around the different camps of this command, and no officer or soldier permitted to leave his brigade grounds without the authority of brigade commanders, except on duty.

Special pains will be taken to instruct sentinels in their duty. Officers will not be permitted to visit the steamboat landing except on duty.

Most of the command being deficient in drill and discipline, division commanders will see that as many hours per day as is consistent with the health of the men be devoted to drill, and that company commanders excuse no soldier from any part of his duties.

By command of Major-General Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VIII, p. 370.

+Probably a file of the district orders.

---------------

