
APRIL 22, 1862.

General BUELL, Pittsburg Landing:

The above dispatch just received. The 20-pounders were sent him by Lieutenant Edson the next day after I sent you the former dispatch from General Morgan. I ordered them sent with all possible dispatch. I leave tomorrow morning with prisoners, and if I find Lieutenant Edson has a heavy rifled gun which can probably reach General Morgan in time to be of service will order it on.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Huntsville, Ala., April 19 (via Philadelphia, April 21, 1862).

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE:

Your letter of the 6th just received.* I had supposed that the slaves of masters in arms against the Government were confiscated. I now hold Memphis and Charleston Railroad from Tuscumbia to Stevenson. I spared the Tennessee bridges near Stevenson in the hope I might be permitted to march on Chattanooga and Knoxville, but am now ordered to burn the bridges. I do not comprehend the order, but must obey it as early as I can. This entire line ought to be occupied, in my opinion, and yet I fear it will be abandoned.

O M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General.

PITTSBURG, TENN., April 20, 1862.

Major-General BUELL,

Headquarters Camp:

I think Tuscumbia should be held as an outpost, if Mitchel has the means of withdrawing its garrison in case of an attack.

I agree with you that main force should be kept north of the river.

H. W. HALLECK.

SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,

On board Steamboat W. Graham, April 20, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding District:

SIR: The day you left my scouting parties in the direction of the Lanier farm were fired upon by the enemy's pickets. Subsequent to that none of their pickets have been discovered advanced over 400 yards from the river, and that only at the same farm. In the buildings of that farm are encamped from one to three regiments (rebel), supported by a gunboat at mouth of bayou. The river has risen so much that most of that farm is under water. At the present stage of water, with the necessary means, within four days a channel for stern-wheel boats and tugs can be made from nearly opposite where the Perry lay to the mouth

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

