
of bayou at the Lanier farm. The water next the levee at this end of the bayou is 3 feet 2 inches deep and 3 1/3 feet lower than the river level, giving a depth here, if the levees were cut, of about 6 1/2 feet, which increases down the bayou to from 7 to 10 feet. Herewith find rough diagrams of the rebel batteries below and of the direction of the larger levee from the Craighead farm down to opposite their gunboats, below which my pickets have yet been unable to reach in the levee. These diagrams probably convey to you no new information, yet I though proper to forward them.

The firing of the mortar boats ceased yesterday morning from some reason of which I am not advised, although from the reports of the rebel deserters it appears to have been quite effective. They report that Battery No. 1 of the diagram is inundated and useless and the guns about being removed. Could you have remained, I am confident that Fort Pillow would have been in your possession to-day or tomorrow.

Lanier has burned the most of his cotton and his mills, and the gunboat now lying there appears to be taking what remains on board. Part of Mr. Taylor's cotton that was on the levee and exposed to destruction from the high waters has been taken on board this boat and awaits reshipment above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

PITTSBURG LANDING, April 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Just arrived with General Pope's army. They will land early tomorrow. All quiet here tonight. Roads in terrible condition.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

The operator adds that it has rained incessantly for four days.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 41. Pittsburg Landing, April 21, 1862.

Companies and regiments having a variety of caliber of arms will exchange and transfer from one company to another, so as to secure but one caliber in a company. This is highly essential to convenience in issuing ammunition.

Where necessary, arms may be returned to the ordnance officer on the steamer Rockett and an exchange effected there.

This matter should receive the immediate attention of division commanders.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 21, 1862.

Major-General MITCHEL (via Nashville):

Your dispatch to Mr. Chase*has been shown to this Department, and

---------------

*See p. 115.

---------------

