
inquiry has been made of General Halleck as to the meaning of his order.

Your will please report daily to the Secretary of War. Much interest is felt in your operations.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PITTSBURG LANDING, April 22, 1862.

Honorable A. LINCOLN:

No orders, to my knowledge, have been given to General Mitchel to destroy railroad bridges. On the contrary, he has saved some which were fired by the enemy. We shall be ready to move as soon as our transportation arrives.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

PITTSBURG LANDING, April 22, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding, Hamburg, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a sketch of the country between the Tennessee River and Corinth, giving approximately the position of the roads and streams, the distances, &amp;c.* It is proposed that your army take position on the Farmington road, its right connecting with General Buell on Lick Creek and its left covered by Chester Creek. As soon as your troops are in position and properly supplied you will repair and construct roads in advance for a forward movement. Your heavy artillery should be established for the protection of your depot, and pickets should be thrown out well in advance, to give notice of any movements of the enemy. The fords of Lick Creek should be examined and arrangements made for sending couriers to General Buell's headquarters, from which place information can be telegraphed to me. As you advance, direct communication will be established from you to these headquarters by telegraph. by these means I hope that you will keep me fully informed of everything that takes place on your line. In order that there should be a concert of action between the three armies, a constant communication must be maintained with these headquarters.

General Grant's army will form the right wing, General Buell's the center, and yours the left. General Grant's right will rest on Owl Creek, and General Buell's left on Lick Creek until he advances to the crossings.

Further instructions will be given before a general advance is made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pittsburg, April 23, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding, &c.:

You will advance with your command tomorrow and take position

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

