
useful to the country. For myself I have nothing to ask, but for the benefit of the public service everything. Grant me only that which will add to the efficiency of the vessel, which will enable me to join the squadron at early date and be of service, and it is all that I desire.

I have had two spies among the rebels. One has reported to me at this place; the other, by the name of Tressel, was sick at Island Numbers 10 when captured. I hear he is at Cairo; if so, he may be able to give you some valuable information. I sent you a tracing of Fort Pillow and its surroundings. I have a person who is getting information among the prisoners here, and will send you such information as may be of service.

Last, not least, may I again beg of you to have forwarded $5,000 or $6,000 at once.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. PORTER,

Commander.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pittsburg, April 24, 1862-9.30 a. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Owl Creek, opposite General Wallace's position, will be bridged, and a strong reconnoitering party sent out on the Purdy road to feel the enemy and ascertain his position and force in that direction, and especially on the road to Crump's Landing.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 38. Hamburg, April 24, 1862.

The following organizations of brigades and divisions is established for this army:

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General E. A. Paine, to consist of-

First Brigade, Brigadier General John M. Palmer: The Forty-second, Twenty-seventh, Fifty-first, and Twenty-second Illinois; Houghtaling's battery.

Second Brigade, Colonel James D. Morgan: The Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois, Tenth and Fourteenth Michigan, Yates Sharpshooters, Hescock's battery.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General D. S. Stanley, to consist of

First Brigade, Colonel John Groesbeck: The Twenty-ninth, Twenty-seventh, Forty-third, and Sixty-third Ohio; Dees' Michigan battery.

Second Brigade: Infantry hereafter to be designated; F Company, Second Artillery.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Schuyler Hamilton, to consist of-

First Brigade, Brigadier General J. B. Plummer: The Twenty-sixth Illinois, Eighth Wisconsin, Forty-seventh Illinois, and Eleventh Missouri; Spoor's Iowa battery of artillery.

Second Brigade, Brigadier General N. B. Buford: The Fifth Iowa, Fifty-ninth Indiana, Tenth Iowa, Twenty-sixth Missouri; Sands' Ohio battery.

