
The First and Second Divisions will constitute the battle corps, and the Third Division the reserve of this army.

Cavalry Division, commanded by Brigadier General Gordon Granger, to consist of-

First Brigade, Colonel W. P. Kellogg: The Seventh Illinois and Third Michigan.

Second Brigade, Colonel W. L. Elliott: Second Iowa and Second Michigan.

Division commanders will take immediate steps to have their commands, both of artillery and infantry, fully supplied with ammunition, keep their men within the limits of their camps, and will be prepared to move forward at short warning.

As directed heretofore, division commanders will report in person to the major-general commanding this army at 9 o'clock every morning, as will also the chief of artillery, the chief quartermaster, and chief commissary on duty at these headquarters. Adjutants-general, chief quartermasters, and chief commissaries of divisions will report at 9.30 o'clock every morning to the chiefs of their respective departments at these headquarters.

Division commanders will be held responsible for the condition of their transportation, and will see that it is at all times in the best condition for service.

Habitually the order of march and encampment will be in two lines, as follows:

Paine's division on the right, with his Second Brigade in rear and opposite the intervals of the First. Stanley's division on the left, disposed in like manner, so that the First Brigade of the First and Second Divisions shall constitute the first line, the Second Brigades of those divisions the second line, and in this order this army will be engaged in battle, modified of course by circumstances of ground.

The Third Division, with the reserve artillery, will take position in the rear, and as nearly opposite the center of the two divisions which precede it as possible.

As nearly as practicable the cavalry division will occupy by brigade a position on the right and left of the reserve.

When ground is unfavorable for this purpose the mass of the cavalry will march and encamp in rear of the reserve.

Such details of cavalry as may as may be necessary to accompany the advance of the army or division will be designated hereafter. The commander of the cavalry division will detail immediately 20 orderlies, to report to each of the division commanders. These three detachments, of 20 men each, will be commanded by a commissioned officer, or by some discreet and trustworthy non-commissioned officer, and will carry with them their rations, cooking utensils, camp equipage, and baggage.

The baggage trains of divisions will follow in rear of their respective division, in the order of rank of the brigade commander; in all cases the ammunition wagon being at the head of the train.

The two 20-pounder and the four 30-pounder Parrott guns and the four 24-pounder guns will constitute the heavy siege srtillery, to be commanded by Captain George A. Williams, First Regular Infantry, and manned by the companies of that regiment. Captain Williams will report immediately to these headquarters.

By order of General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

