
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 40. Hamburg, April 24, 1862.

This whole command will move forward tomorrow morning. The front will occupy a position 2 miles in advance of the point now occupied by Colonel Morgan's brigade. The First Division will occupy the right of the Corinth road; the Second Division the left, leaving the road free.

The reserve will encamp 1 mile in rear of the second line. For the present the heavy batteries, with the exception of the section of 20-pounder Parrotts, will remain at this place, will throw up intrenchments, and place the guns in battery so as to cover the store-houses.

The section of 20-pounder Parrotts will accompany the reserve.

The cavalry not already sent forward will, in its march and encampment, conform to General Orders, No. 38, from these headquarters.

Captain G. A. Williams, First Infantry, will remain in command at this place for the present, and will afford every assistance with his command in getting the quartermaster and commissary subsistence stores under shelter.

Captain Taylor will go forward with the general commanding, leaving some officer in charge of his depot.

No tents nor baggage, except knapsacks of men, will be carried. Two days' cooked rations will be carried in the haversacks and at least three days' in the regimental wagons. One wagon of each regiment will be assigned to carry ammunition. The cartridge boxes will be filled, and 50 rounds extra for each man will be carried in the wagons designated for the purpose by regimental commanders.

Division commanders must see carefully to the execution of each paragraph of this order, as no excuse for any deficiency will be received after the movement is commenced.

For the present and until the arrival of the Second Brigade of Stanley's division the brigade of General Plummer will be attached and will form his second line.

The tents will be left standing, with a small guard from each regiment in charge. Any officer or soldier thus left in charge who shall leave his post or neglect his charge will be subjected to the severest punishment the laws allow. The whole of the tents, baggage, and supplies will be brought forward as soon as the wagons reach here, not later than day after tomorrow.

These headquarters will for the present remain at this place.

By order of General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PITTSBURGH, [PA.,] April 24, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In accordance with the authority given in your dispatch of yesterday the committee have purchased two small and swift boats for tender-one for $9,000 and the other for $11,000; also 80,000 bushels of coal, in eight barges, all to be delivered by Wednesday next. The high water has caused some delay, but it is now falling rapidly and the boats in preparation here, which are too long for the locks, must be run down below the falls at an early day.

Respectfully,

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

