
more rapidly than any enemy can advance. I have information from Chattanooga up to the 20th. There was at that time only about 1,000 troops at the town, some 1,500 at the bridge.

The bridge I destroyed is still a wreck. The enemy tried to rebuild it to get over one or two old locomotives at Stevenson, but the bridge gave way and the engine was river. The bridge at Decatur is ready to fire. Colonel Turchin has sent up a small steamer ordered forward by me; with their boat and artillery, I hope obtain possession of the Bridgeport Bridge.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General.

WAR. DEPARTMENT, April 25, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Pittsburg Landing:

the President desires that the following telegram, received from Governor Johnston, should be communicated to you for such action as you deem proper;

NASHVILLE, April 24, 1862.

Honorable HORACE MAYNARD:

I have this moment been advised that the Third Minnesota Regiment, stationed here, and forces at Murfreesborough and Lebanon, have been ordered south by Buell. This is substantially surrendering the country to the rebels. My understanding was that I was sent here to accomplish a certain purpose. If the means are withheld it is better to desist from any further efforts. You are well aware of General Buell's course in regard to Tennessee from the beginning to the the present moment. These forces ought to be detained where they are. I hope you will see the Secretary of War at once. The effect of removing the troops is visible in the face of every secessionist. Secession was calming down and great reaction in favor of the Union was taking place.

ANDREW JOHNSTON,

You will please acknowledge the receipt of this telegram, and state what order, if any, is made by you on the subject.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Nashville, april 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Colonel Lewis D. Campbell's regiment, the Sixty-ninth Ohio, had hardly landed here before General Buell ordered it away. Your dispatch of the 17th said they were ordered to report to me. I have before pressed the propriety of a brigade in addition to the forces at this place, and do most earnestly hope that Campbell's regiment will be permitted to remain at this place. Please send an immediate reply, as the regiment is ordered to leave tomorrow.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

