
up disloyalists at present. We are now at the enemy's throat, and cannot release our great grasp to pare his toe nails.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN.,

April 26, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

A few days since I dispatched to you some of the reasons why I desired the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Campbell commanding, should be transferred to this place. I received a reply from Secretary Stanton stating that it had been done. Immediately upon the arrival of that regiment here it was ordered to another point, where it is not needed. I hope you will send an order to another point, where it is not needed. I hope you will send an order at once, being the Commander in-Chief, that the regiment remain at this place. Petty jealousies and contests between generals wholly incompetent to discharge the duties assigned them have contributed more to the defeat and embarrassment of the Government than all other causes combined. If I can be sustained in carrying out the object of the administration in restoring Tennessee to her former status in the Union, and in not being dependent upon staff officers and brigadier-generals, it can be accomplished in less than three months. I want a reply from the President. I hope that you will send for Mr. Maynard, and consult with him as to how matters have been managed since I reached this place in connection with the military.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

BUELL'S HEADQUARTERS,

April 26, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

One of the enemy deserted from his advanced vedettes and delivered himself up to my cavalry pickets. He is an intelligent man. Says that the enemy's force at Corinth and vicinity does not exceed 30,000, probably much underestimated; that they are much dispirited; that no considerable force is this side of Corinth; that line of intrenchments are completed about one mile this side of town; many heavy guns, but very few mounted; that only small force at Monterey, from which all pickets in this direction are sent out. Enemy if fortifying many places along railroad to Memphis. It is probable that enemy's line of retreat will be toward Memphis.

My two advanced divisions are camped 6 miles in advance of this

9 R R-VOL X, PT II

