
place, center on Farmington road, right extending across Corinth and Monterey road in the direction and somewhat in advance of Greer's; pickets connect with Elliott's; order of encampment precisely as it was here. Reserve, Hamilton's division and artillery reserves, will occupy their ground, one mile in rear of center, early tomorrow. I move my headquarters to Bennett's, near right of my line, tomorrow.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Pittsburg Landing, April 26, 1862.

Mrs. C. F. SMITH,

Numbers 191 East Fourth Street, New York:

It becomes my painful duty to announce to you the death of your lamented husband, Major General Charles F. Smith. He died at 4 o'clock p. m. yesterday, at Savannah, Tenn. In his death the nation has lost one of its most gallant and most able defenders. It was my fortune to have gone through West Point with the general (then captain and commander of cadets) and to have served with him in all his battles in Mexico and in this rebellion, and I can bear honest testimony to his great worth as a soldier and friend. Where an entire nation condoles with you in your bereavement no one can do so with more heartfelt grief than myself.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 433. Shiloh, April 26, 1862.

1. Division commanders will detail daily 10 mounted men, under commissioned officers, to patrol the entire grounds within the limits of the Army of the Tennessee, who will arrest personally all officers and men guilty of discharging fire-arms in violation of paragraph 2 of General Orders, No. 38, current series, issued from these headquarters, and report them to their division commanders, who will cause enlisted men to be punished and officers to be tried before court-martial for such violations.

2. All enlisted men and company officers (not on duty) without the lines of their respective divisions will be arrested and reported to their division commanders, who will see that they are properly punished and dealt with, and all citizens found without passes or permits approved by the general commanding department or general of an army corps will be arrested and delivered into the custody of the provost-marshal.

3. Division commanders will assign to said patrol guard such other duties as may be necessary to enforce obedience to existing orders.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 26, 1862.

CHARLES ELLET, JR., Esq., Pittsburgh, [Pa.]:

In answer to your telegram of the 25th instant I proposed the rank of colonel of the staff because I thought it important, and still think that

