
orders to push up to Memphis immediately from New Orleans, without waiting for anything. The capture of New Orleans is confirmed this evening by other intelligence.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CUMBERLAND FORD,

April 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Thanks from my heart for the cordial encouragement of your telegram. With God's protection you shall not be disappointed. Between the point of attack and the base of my supplies. I have 90 miles of road, washed into deep chasms or belly-deep in mud. Seven hundred men are repairing the worst portions. The few officers of my staff labor with incessant and undying devotion. If without detriment to the service you can spare me an ordnance officer, I shall be glad. He will relieve me of details, which occupy time which should be otherwise devoted.

On Monday and Tuesday next reconnaissance will be made of the enemy's front and flanks. On Thursday I will send you rough diagrams. I will write to you tomorrow.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 27, 1862.

General GEORGIA W. MORGAN,

Cumberland Ford:

Your telegram just received. We have not a single ordnance officer, I regret to say, that can be sent immediately, by you shall have one as soon as possible. We have taken New Orleans, and hope soon to have Yorktown and Corinth.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Huntsville, April 27, [1862].

Major-General BUELL:

Yours of the 22nd received; the first which has reached me since the 16th. I have sent you a dispatch nearly every day; very full one left this morning. The Florence bridges burned. Our officers and soldiers have been to Florence, and this is certain. I had hoped and expected a large force to be sent to Tuscumbia from the main army. The enemy is threatening my advance guard. The ten days' rations sent is a strong temptation. We have already removed the portion of them from Tuscumbia. The Eighth Brigade is encumbered with baggage of every kind, and I have sent a strong reserve to Jonesborough and have ordered cavalry scouts in every direction. Have just returned myself from the burned bridge.

I again beg you to send us re-enforcements to Tuscumbia, unless you prefer to have us fall back and leave the south of the river entirely.

