
Matters unchanged about Bridgeport. My cavalry are in Stevenson. Infantry at Bellefonte. Telegraphic communication with Bellefonte.

Please answer about re-enforcements at Tuscumbia. Send the Tyler up river, if possible, to Decatur. I am ordered to report daily to the Secretary of War.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Huntsville, April 27, [1862].

Major General D. C. BUELL:

My troops are all withdrawn from the southern side of the Tennessee River. I am informed that the enemy, unable to provide forage at Corinth, is sending his cavalry in large bodies away from the army. They are said to be going to the mountain region of Tennessee, opposite Chattanooga, and will probably give as much trouble on the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railway. Decatur Bridge is destroyed. I have posted one regiments-the Eighteenth Ohio-at Athens, and have sent a company of cavalry as scouts along the road to Florence. I will run a train regularly hereafter to Athens, and if a steamer be sent to the landing above Florence your communications will be brought forward by my cavalry. I have decided to attempt to occupy Stevenson in force. The backwater of the Tennessee now covers that entire region of country. To reach Stevenson requires the building of two bridges, each 300 feet. the first across Mud Creek, 7 miles from Stevenson, was commenced on yesterday, at 4 o'clock p. m., and at 4.20 this afternoon two regiments of infantry, one company of cavalry, and a piece of artillery had passed the bridge. It is floating bridge, built upon cotton bales captured from the enemy. The other bridge will be built tomorrow, in case we find no enemy at Stevenson, from which place for two or three days our scouts have been excluded by the high stage of the water.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pittsburg, April 28, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

You will push forward one division one the Purdy road to Veatche's or Stantonville, to hold the cross-road to Monterey, while the cavalry pushes forward and destroys the railroad near Bethel. The wing officers of the divisions will be directed to protect his flank from any movements from the direction of Monterey. The movement should be made as soon as possible.

I have a telegram from the Secretary of War confirming the capture of New Orleans by Commodore Farragut.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

