HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pittsburg, April 28, 18662.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi:

The expedition ordered this morning from general headquarters to go out the Purdy road and destroy the railroad near Adams' has started, with three days' rations in haversacks. The expedition consists of Major-General Wallace's entire brigade, with the exception of artillery. But one battery is taken. All the cavalry belonging to my forces fit for duty and not otherwise employed accompany the expedition.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pittsburg, April 28, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Third Division:

Your note from Stantonville is just received (10 o'clock p. m.).* The object of the expedition being to cut off the railroad, and you, being with the command to do it, can tell better whether any change from the plan laid down should be made, and will be a liberty to do so. Cut the road, if possible, but do not engage a force that you are not certain of success over, and if possible an engagement should be avoided altogether.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, Shiloh, April 28, 1862.

Brigadier General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Fourth Division:

You will move your entire command tomorrow morning, with three days' rations and forage, to the point on the Corinth road where the hospital is located, and near the point where the skirmish of the 15th occurred. From that point pickets will be thrown out upon every approach to prevent surprise. Heavy details will be made to repair the roads and bridge the streams. Not to exceed two tents to each company will be taken along, nor more than one to the field and staff of each regiment. Brigade and division commanders will be limited in proportion. You will see that 100 rounds of cartridges per man are provided to all the regiments, and require your acting ordnance officer to supply an equal amount more to follow in wagons. You will be preceded by McClernand's and Sherman's divisions of the Army of the Tennessee, and supported by the other divisions, who will move with like instructions, McClernand being in advance, occupying the position where the skirmish of the 24th occurred, and Sherman occupying the position where the skirmish of the 15th occurred, and in advance of the position assigned to you.

By order of Major-General Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

