HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pittsburg, April 28, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

First Division:

Move your camp tomorrow forward to the point where General A. J. Smith had the skirmish on the 24th instant. You will recognize the place by a white frame house on the right of the Corinth road. This is a permanent move of your camp. On arrival throw out guard on all the approaches, and as soon as possible repair the roads in front of you as far as practicable and build bridges over the runs. Not to exceed two tents to each company will be taken along, nor more than one to the field and staff of each regiment. Brigade and division commanders will be limited in proportion. You will see that 100 rounds of cartridges per man are provided for all the regiments, and require your acting ordnance officer to supply an equal amount more to follow in wagons. Leave orders for your cavalry to follow as soon as they return. Take with you all the sick that can be moved. The remainder may be left in hospital where they are, with proper medical attendance. Sherman's and Davies' divisions will follow you.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, Shiloh, April 28, 1862.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN,

Sixth Division:

Move your entire command tomorrow morning, with three days' rations and forage, to the point on the Corinth road where there is an open field, now occupied by our advance pickets. You will be preceded by the First, Fourth, and Fifth Divisions, occupying positions in advance of the road, and who move with like instructions. From that point pickets will be thrown out upon every approach to prevent surprise. Heavy details will be made to repair the roads and bridge the streams. Not to exceed two tents to each company will be taken along, nor more than one to the field and staff of each regiment. Brigade and division commanders will be limited in proportion. You will see that 100 rounds of cartridges per man are provided for all the regiments, and require your acting ordnance officer to supply an equal amount more to follow in wagons.

By order of Major-General Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Pittsburg, April 28, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifth Division:

Move out in the morning on the Purdy road to Veatche's or Stantonville, to the support of General Wallace, who left this afternoon for the purpose of destroying the railroad at or near Bethel. Two brigades and one company of artillery will be sufficient to take and one day's rations, the men having breakfast before leaving.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

