HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, Shiloh, April 28, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Fifth Division:

You will move your entire command tomorrow morning, with three days' rations and forage, to the point on the Corinth road where the skirmish occurred on the 15th instant. From that point pickets will be thrown out upon every approach to prevent surprise. Heavy details will be made to repair the roads and bridge the streams. Not to exceed two tents to each company will be taken along, nor more than one to the field and staff of each regiment. Brigade and division commanders will be limited in proportion.

You will see that 100 rounds of cartridges per man are provided to all the regiments, and require your acting ordnance officer to supply an equal amount more to follow in wagons. You will be preceded by General McClernand's division, which will occupy the position where General A. J. Smith had a skirmish with the enemy on the 24th, and you will be supported by the other divisions of the Army of the Tennessee following with like instructions. Your cavalry will join your command as soon as they return from the expedition toward Purdy.

By order of Major-General Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp, April 28, 1862.

General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general has received your note of this morning,*and directs that you hold your division in readiness to move promptly forward to the front line of your vedettes, and if occasion requires check the enemy. Report any news during the morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Huntsville, April 27 (via Nashville, Tenn., April 28), 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My forces are all withdrawn from the southern side of the Tennessee River. The bridge at Decatur is destroyed. My line now extends westward by rail to Athens and my cavalry outposts to Florence. Thus my communication with the main army remains unchanged, while I am relieved from any apprehensions on my right. On yesterday I commenced operations for occupying Stevenson in force. The whole country in that region flooded by backwater of Tennessee River. To advance requires the building of two bridges across Mud and Crow Creeks. The length of each, 300 feet. The first of the bridges was commenced yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock. On this afternoon at 4.20

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

