
two regiments of infantry, one company of cavalry, and one piece of artillery had already crossed the bridge. It is a floating bridge, built on cotton bales captured from the enemy. The other bridge will be built in about the same time if we find no enemy at Stevenson. The high waters have kept our scouts out of Stevenson for two or three days.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General.

PITTSBURGH, PA.,

April 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your several dispatches have been received and acted upon. No efforts are spared to get the gunboats under way. The Mingo will leave tomorrow noon; the Lioness tomorrow evening; both with coal barges. The Samson, I think, will start Wednesday. The tender Dick Fulton can overtake the tows before they reach Louisville. The other tender will wait for the sheltering barge, but I think will come up in time. Will the Department supply the clerk who is to act as paymaster or shall the committee appoint one? Can arrangements be made to enable the wives of the men to draw a part of their pay if they should be detained below? This I find to be important. I will instruct my brother to meet me at Cairo. He will assuredly come rapidly.

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

WAS DEPARTMENT,

April 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Pittsburg Landing:

The steam-rams constructed by Colonel Charles Ellet at Pittsburgh and Cincinnati are reported to be completed. The Mingo starts from Pittsburgh tomorrow noon; the Lioness in the evening; the Samson will start Wednesday. Two others are at Cincinnati and one at New Albany. They are under command of Colonel Ellet, specially assigned to that duty. He will be subject to the orders of Commodore Foote, and will join him immediately. Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet, now in Arkansas, has been detailed to join his brother as second in command. I hope this arrangement will be acceptable to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 31. Pittsburg Landing, April 28, 1862.

I. The troops on the Tennessee River will retain their present organization of three distinct army corps, viz: The First, of the Tennessee, commanded by Major-General Grant, which will constitute the right wing; the Second, of the Ohio, commanded by Major-General Buell, which will constitute the center; and the Third, of the Mississippi, commanded by Major-General Pope, which will constitute the left wing.

The reserve will be formed of detachments ordered from the several army corps.

