HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, Shiloh, Tenn., April 29, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding Second Division:

You will move on your column as soon as practicable in the morning, passing beyond General McClernand and encamping in the rear of General Sherman.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 47. In Field, Shiloh, April 29, 1862.

Division provost-marshals will immediately collect and turn over to the chief quartermaster all horses which have been heretofore captured, and are now held by officers, soldiers, servants, or other persons.

No officer not entitled to forage will be allowed to keep a private horse on any account whatever. Where officers not entitled to forage have horses which they claim as their own they will be required to make a certificate of the fact, stating when and how they obtained them, and if the evidence is satisfactory that the horses are their property a permit will be granted to ship or dispose of them.

No horse or other property once captured and afterward sold will be considered private property, and to avoid possible error, when property has ben purchased south of the Ohio River, evidence must be adduced to show that it was not captured.

Division commanders will see that this order is promptly executed.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 49. In Field, Shiloh, April 29, 1862.

1. The execution of all orders, whether from these or general headquarters, will be promptly reported.

2. Where sufficient time has elapsed to comply with an order, and no report is received, the division commander will be required to make a written explanation for the neglect.

3. Commanders of divisions will be held responsible for the good order and police of their camps and for the drill and discipline of their men.

4. Where acting ordnance officers are not appointed to divisions, they will be at once, and such officers will be required to have on hand at all times ammunition equal to at least 200 rounds per man, including what may be in the hands of regimental commanders.

5. The execution of Special Field Orders, Numbers 21, from general headquarters, will be reported, and all orders subsequent to that date.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

