
GREER'S, April 29, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am pushing this morning strong reconnaissance toward Farmington and toward Monterey, to see what is on my flank.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Ford, April 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Reports of scouts are very contradictory. Five guns were withdrawn from Cumberland Gap and taken toward Knoxville three days ago, doubtless intended for Corinth. Two days before they were removed I arrested a woman, who had eluded our pickets and gained Cumberland Gap to see here husband. She reports that at that time there were twenty-seven guns. Morgan's disaffected battalion has been sent to Kingston and is replaced by a Georgia regiment. The enemy is building boats on the Powell, Holston, and Clinch. I doubt the truth of this rumor, but should not be surprised if the enemy abandons Cumberland Gap. On yesterday I sent out Carter and De Courcy, with considerable force, to enable my acting topographical engineers to make a thorough reconnaissance-take heights, distances,&amp;c. Despite all obstacles my preparations are rapidly advancing. In forty-eight hours more a floating bridge will be completed over the Cumberland. The 20-pounders will reach here in seven or eight days, provided the rain does not continue. Late floods carried away bridges over little torrents.

They are rebuilt. It rained all last night. I appreciate the importance of getting into East Tennessee, and will soon do so. I sent a letter to Kirby Smith, signed by General Carter, in order to ascertain his locality, but in reply he simply dated his letter Department of East Tennessee, April 19. I believe he is at Corinth. It is represented that the enemy has four regiments at Knoxville, two at Morristown, and one at Clinton, and a force at Kingston, as well as small parties along the railroad.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PITTSBURG, TENN.,

April 30, 1862-11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Movements continue. Roads hard. Require a great deal of work of heavy trains. Reconnaissance to Purdy was successful. They destroyed two bridges on Mobile and Ohio Railroad and captured one locomotive and train men.

TOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

NEAR GREER'S, April 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Force sent in direction of Farmington just returned. Went within 2 miles, found trees felled across the road and one small bridge burned.

