
The road from here to that point now in good order, and one brigade of Hamilton's division with section of artillery posted within 4 miles of Farmington. I advanced two divisions to the creek, 4 miles this side of Farmington, and followed next morning with the remainder of my force. Enemy has one regiment of infantry and some cavalry at Farmington, but is calling in all his outposts. Captured several prisoners who left Corinth to-day. There are one hundred regiments altogether, probably 50,000 or 60,000 men. Very large number sick.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The advance toward Farmington was delayed yesterday by the destruction of the bridge over Chambers [Chester] Creek. Bridge will be finished this morning, and advance toward Corinth through Farmington made this morning. Will find out all possible about enemy this afternoon. Have ordered commander of expedition to destroy, if possible, the railroad south of Farmington, to cut off forces at Iuka, 20 miles east. I propose to advance this camp tomorrow morning to the line of Chambers Creek, 4 miles this side of Farmington, and if opportunity presents, to attack and cut off forces from Iuka if they attempt to retreat to Corinth. Line of Chambers Creek strong. I can maintain it against any force sent from Corinth. Have you sketch of defense of Corinth sent last night? Ground west of Corinth swampy; east and south hard and dry.

JNumbers POPE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Camp No. 2, April 30, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your order this morning to advance my division to the point designated in the order for General McClernand. I started at once, and two of my brigades, First and Fourth, are on the ground where General Smith had the cavalry engagement April 25. A large open field is on the summit of the hill. In this I will group the artillery; on the space westward will place my First Brigade; on the space leading to Monterey the Fourth Brigade; on the north line of the field the Third Brigade, and on the road to the rear the Second Brigade. I have no cavalry as yet, and trust to you to order it forward as soon as it is able to rally from the hard ride to Purdy. No enemy's pickets were seen on the road this morning, but Colonel McDowell reports that the pickets thrown forward from his brigade have seen a few on the road leading westward.

From this point I can move on Monterey, and, by a road 6 miles west, to a road leading south to Corinth.

We must use many roads. If we attempt so much on single road we will be jammed by scattered teams. McClernand or Hurlbut should move to the point indicated in your order for me, viz, where the Ridge road crosses the main road from Savannah to Monterey, known as the

