
White House or Chamberlain's-a kind of general center for crossroads.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In Camp, April 30, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of to-day and your Special Orders, No. 35. The bridge at Greer's and the road to it, over some three-fourths of a mile of marsh, will be completed this evening; also the road over a marshy creek above Greer's. It will take two days at least to complete this road over Lick Creek. If it is possible to haul the supplies, forage and all, in the present condition of the road-though I think that somewhat doubtful-my command will be ready to march.

Your arrangement leaves me with three divisions, about 18,000 men.

One of the divisions is composed almost entirely of new regiments and another a good deal of similar material. If it would meet with your approbation, I should be glad to exchange a brigade for one in Thomas' division. General Thomas has five divisions.

You must excuse me for saying that, as it seems to me, you have saved the feelings of others very much to my injury.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 35. Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 30, 1862.

I. Major-General Thomas' division is hereby transferred from the Army of the Ohio to the Army of the Tennessee, and General Thomas will take command of the right wing, which will consist of his own and the divisions of Brigadier Generals W. T. Sherman, T. W. Sherman, S. a. Hurlbut, and T. A. Davies.

II. The divisions of Major-General McClernand, Major-General Wallace, and one division from General Buell's army corps, to be designated to him, together with the heave artillery, will constitute the reserve, to be commanded by Major-General McClernand.

III. Brigadier-General Hamilton's reserve division of Major-General Pope's army will remain under General Pope's direction until further orders.*

IV. Major-General Grant will retain the general command of the District of West Tennessee, including the Army Corps of the Tennessee see, and reports will be made to him as heretofore, but in the present movements he will act as second in command under the major-general commanding the department.

Brigadier General T. W. Sherman is hereby assigned to the command of the

---------------

*See tabular statement of the two wings and reserve, under date of May 13, p. 185.

---------------

