
Sixth Division of General Grant's army, now commanded by General McKean.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

No. 23. Camp No. 1, April 330, 1862.

The officers and men of this division must now bear in mind that we are in an enemy's country; that at any moment we may be assailed, or be called upon to assail our enemy, or repair to the assistance of our friends. Officers and soldiers must stay in their regimental or company camps. The habit of wandering must be stopped, and all must bear in mind that we are not here to satisfy our individual pleasure, but to maintain the honor and character of a great nation, of which we must have just cause to be proud.

Arms will habitually be stacked in line of battle, sentinel per company over them. In rainy weather they will be taken inside the company tents.

Every soldier must clean his musket, and see that its vent is clear, each day early. He must then see to his shoes, to his clothing, his haversack, and canteen. Every soldier should at all times have some meat and bread in his haversack, water in his canteen, and cartridges on his person besides those in the cartridge boxes.

Each brigadier must exercise his brigade at least once each day, and every colonel must drill his regiment daily, and every commander of a company must practice his men all the time at the manual; this not only gives instruction, but makes the men handy with their weapons. Our men want to obey their own will, but have sense enough to know that now one man, or ten, or a hundred can do nothing of service to the country. results can only be produced by regiments or brigades; therefor officers and men must at all times be with their companies.

Immediately on reaching camp each colonel or commander of a regiment will select his spring or place for water, put a guard, and, if necessary, a chain of sentinels to it; and immediately on a halt for camp each captain, under the direction of the colonel, will cause a sing to be prepared for his company.

These are the first wants.

Regimental guards of at least one company per regiment will be detailed daily to guard each regimental camp, and a brigade guard of one company per regiment will be detailed daily and posted, under the direction of the brigadier or one of his staff, as soon as the brigade halts.

Regimental guards will be posted according to Regulations. (See Police Guards.) Brigade guards will be posted habitually on the exposed flank, viz, the right, as our division is the right wing of the grand army. These guards must have their belts and cartridge boxes on, and posted, according to the ground, at least 300 yards on the exposed flanks, with the sentinels thrown forward in groups like skirmishers. The enemy will doubtless endeavor to harass us and cause both real and false alarm. This can only be avoided by good guards and sentinels.

The Army Regulations contain perfect instruction for guards and sentinels. Officers in command of guards will be held responsible with their lives and honors that these instructions are given to their sen-

10 R R-VOL X, PT II

