
mand of the Sixth Division, and will be assigned to the command of one of the brigades of the same division.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNumbers A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 99. Camp near Corinth, May 1, 1862.

Brigadier General Daniel Tyler, having reported for duty to these headquarters, is assigned to the command of the First Brigade of the Second Division of this army, and will report to Brigadier General D. S. Stanley accordingly.

By order of General Poped:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Huntsville, May 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Early yesterday morning my troops crossed from the island to the main shore, and captured two 6-pounder cannon and their ammunition. The inhabitants report the enemy to have retreated in great confusion. We it possible, a dash would now draw them from Chattanooga. I dare not venture with so small force.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.,

Via Louisville, May 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On yesterday, the enemy having cut our wires and attacked during the night one of our brigades, I deemed it my duty to head in person the expedition against Bridgeport. I started by train of cars in the morning, followed by two additional regiments of infantry and two companies of cavalry. I found that our pickets had engaged the enemy's pickets 4 miles from Bridgeport, and after a sharp engagement, in which we lost 1 man killed, drove them across a stream, whose railway bridge I had burned, with four regiments of infantry, two pieces of artillery, dragged by hand, and two companies of cavalry. At 3 p. m. we advanced to the burned bridge and opened our fire upon the enemy's pickets on the other side, thus producing the impression that our advance would be by the railway. This accomplished, the entire force was thrown across the country about a mile and put on the road leading from Stevenson to Bridgeport. The whole column now advanced at a very rapid pace. Our cavalry scouts attacked those of the enemy and forced them from the Bridgeport road. We thus succeeded in making a complete surprise, deliberately forming our line of battle on the crest of a wooded hill, within 500 yards of the works con-

