
structed to defend the bridge. At our first fire the guards broke and ran. They attempted to blow up the main bridge, but failed. They then attempted fire the farther extremity, but volunteers at my call rushed forward in face of their fire and saved the bridge. From the island to the main shore we could not save it. It is of small moment, its length being only about 450 feet. Prisoners taken report five regiments of infantry and 1,800 cavalry stationed at the bridge.

This campaign is ended, and I now occupy Huntsville in perfect security, while all of Alabama north of Tennessee River floats no flag but that of the Union.

If my recommendations pass to the hands of the Adjutant-General I deem them lost.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General, Commanding Third Division.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 1, 1862.

Major-General MITCHEL, Huntsville:

Your spirited operations afford great satisfaction to the President. The appointments you desire will surely be made to the utmost extent allowed by law, and without delay. News of the capture of Fort Macon by Burnside is just received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Ford, May 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have not had time to write. The following extract contains the pith of my instructions from General Buell:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Columbia [March 28].

The original orders to this column [General Carter's column, now mine] were to take Cumberland Gap, and for its farther progress to be governed by circumstances in East Tennessee. The strength of enemy there, it is pretty well ascertained, has since been increased, but the object is the same, and you are, of course, expected to pursue it with zeal and discretion, or hold the enemy in check if your force should be insufficient to advance.

I wish General Buell's orders to be accompanied by my plan of attack, which, to be understood, should be accompanied by a diagram of the enemy's position and of what will be mine. I propose to attack the enemy on his right and front, and to turn his entire position by clearing the Baptist Gap of its obstructions and passing to his rear during the second night of the battle, and thus cut off his retreat. His force at Cumberland Gap is now 2,000 less than mine, and if Marshall joins him, as it is rumored, it will be 1,000 stronger than mine; but I am determined to attack in either event, and to do so successfully I must be prepared. Please direct Lieutenant Edson, ordnance officer at Louisville, to send me at once two 32-pounder Parrott guns, with 400 rounds of ammunition, and whatever else I may ask for. If he has no 32-pounders, let him send me two more 20-pounders. The enemy has three

