
64-pounder howitzers, three 32 and two 24 pounders. Cumberland Gap is the strongest position I have ever seem except Gibraltar. Give me whatever I ask for and it shall be taken. I do not wish to annoy General Buell as to the order to Lieutenant Edson.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Ford, May 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have separately examined the three deserters from Latrobe's battery. They left Knoxville on Sunday, April 27. They differ but little in their statements, which are in substance that Kirbly Smith, with a force of from 5,000 to 7,000 infantry and two batteries of artillery, occupies Knoxville; that Cumberland Gap has been re-enforced by two regiments of infantry, Anderson's Virginia battery, and 350 Cherokee Indians; and a man named White, said to be reliable, states that Humphrey Marshall, with a force variously estimated from 3,000 to 5,000 men, was at Jonesville, Va., 35 miles from Cumberland Gap, en route for that place. I hope to know the truth or falsity of this report by the 3rd instant.

The four Tennessee regiments now organizing number 1,470 men. They are but partially armed. Including them, my effective force is under 8,000. The two 20-pounder Parrotts will not reach here for twelve days, and within that time I hope to receive arms and ammunition for the Tennessee troops.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, Shiloh, May 2, 1862.

General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding Reserve Army Corps:

A note just received from General Halleck says that the enemy are moving toward Purdy, to operate on our flank. Have all the approaches by way of Owl Creek well watched, and tomorrow early, or to-night if practicable, a strong reconnoitering party toward Purdy. Cavalry alone will answer for this reconnaissance. I will direct General Wallace to use extra vigilance on the two roads leading from here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, Shiloh, May 2, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Third Division:

It being reported that the enemy are moving a strong force from Corinth toward Purdy, with a view of operating on our flank, you will cause extra vigilance in that direction and increase the guards. I

