HDQRS. RESERVE OF THE ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,May 3, 1862.

Major-General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your precautions against surprise and provision to meet any attack from Purdy are well conceived and satisfactory.

A reconnaissance to-day toward Purdy having been ordered for the purpose of avoiding the probable failure of the different attachments of cavalry to unite at the same time and place, I have deemed it best for your cavalry to join the remainder of the cavalry of the Army of the Reserve at these headquarters at 8 o'clock this morning. The cavalry will be supplied with one day's rations. The bearer hereof will guide your cavalry here.

By command of Major-General McClernand:

A. S. NORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RESERVE OF THE ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,May 3, 1862.

Brigadier General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT:

Owing to information received at these headquarters with reference to a supposed movement of a portion of the enemy's forces toward Purdy with a design of throwing themselves between Pittsburg Landing and our troops advanced on the Corinth road, I have sent out a strong cavalry force to make a thorough reconnaissance in the vicinity.

I would respectfully suggest that you send a regiment of infantry to the bridge across Owl Creek, northwest of your encampment, and instruct them to remain there until sundown.

I beg the pardon of both General Sherman and yourself for this in formal mode of communicating with you.

Yours, &c.,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding,

By E. S. JONES, Aide.
HDQRS. RESERVE OF THE ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,May 3, 1862.

General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Accept my thanks for your prompt and obliging compliance with my request. I am also in receipt of orders to move forward in the morning, and to keep within supporting distance of the right wing, of which your division is a part.

I will start at 8 o'clock. We will be close together.

The information upon which my reconnaissance toward Purdy is based equally concerns both our commands. If you can have the regiment detached at the bridge until near sundown it would be well.

If the result of the reconnaissance should disclose a movement threatening your position I will advise you. I send an orderly along to bring any communication you may wish to make.

Yours,&c.,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

