
[CHAP. XXII.

SAINT LOUIS, March 7, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

I am in immediate communication with General Buell by telegraph. I cannot leave here to meet him till Fort Henry, New Madrid, and Ironton are connected by telegraph. Have strong parties at work to effect this. Curtis is again calling for re-enforcements and has drawn in his reserves, thus exposing his depot, which is threatened. I must be in reach to aid him by telegram.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 7, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Cairo:

I telegraphed to General Buell to re-enforce me as strongly as possible at or near Savannah. Their line of defense is now an oblique one, extending from Island Numbers 10 to Decatur or Chattanooga. Having destroyed the railroad and bridges in his rear, Johnston cannot return to Nashville. We must again pierce his center at Savannah or Florence. Buell should move immediately and not come in too late, as he did at Donelson. I wish a demonstration on Island Numbers 10 as soon as possible, to try the effect of the mortar boats. The gunboats should not seriously expose themselves. If the place is strong, it must be turned in the same manner as Bowling Green and Columbus.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 7, 1862.

General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Fourth Division:

Embark your forces on the transports, now awaiting you, as rapidly as possible. The number of transports furnished being inadequate to the number of troops to be shipped, you will place as many on each boat as can be taken, having due regard to the health and comfort of the men. Any transports that may remain after getting your force aboard will be sent back to Fort Henry to take on the troops there.

There will be a supply of provisions and forage with the fleet to issue on the route, but all troops should start out with at least five days' rations issued, three of which would be better cooked. There is also a supply of ammunition on one of the transports for future issued, should it be required.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 7, 1862.

Colonel R. J. OGLESBY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Fort Donelson, Tenn.:

Dismount all the guns in the fortifications, and ship them to Cairo, if practicable. If not practicable to ship, at least dismount the guns.

