
He has some sort of work there; will see what it is tomorrow and probably dislodge him. I hope Buell's force will keep pace on our right. I have a good many prisoners. What had I best do with them?

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, May 4, 1862.

Colonel L. D. CAMPBELL,

Commanding, Franklin, Tenn.:

I have just received a dispatch from General Negley from Columbia, saying that it has been reported all day that a large force is near that point, both east and west. He has notified the guards on the railroad within 10 miles of him. Do the same on your part. I will immediately order the Eleventh Michigan Regiment, Colonel Stoughton, to report to you at Franklin.

STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, May 4, 1862.

Brigadier General E. DUMONT,

Murfreesborough and Shelbyville:

I have just received a telegram from General Negley, reporting a large force near Columbia, both east and west of him, and suggesting that re-enforcements be sent immediately by rail to Franklin. I have adopted the suggestion, and ordered Colonel Stoughton there by special train to-night.

STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Colonel, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., May 4, 1862,

(Received War Dept., Washington, D. C., May 4, 1862-2.20.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received.* A soldier's highest reward for service is to merit and receive the approbation of his superior officers.

An expedition from Bridgeport crossed the river on May 1; advanced toward Chattanooga 12 miles; captured stores and a Southern mail carrier from railroad hands; that panic prevailed at Chattanooga; that the enemy are moving all property in the direction of Atlanta; that General Leadbetter had been chastised for cowardice at Bridgeport; not more than 2,000 troops at Chattanooga; they destroyed a saltpeter manufactory in a cave; returned safely with the captured property.

Another expedition penetrated to Jasper; found a strong Union feeling. On the same day a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry at Athens. Our outposts were driven back, but on being re-enforced the enemy retreated in the direction of Florence.

There are straggling bands of mounted men, partly citizens, scattered

---------------

*Of May 1.

---------------

11 R R-VOL X, PT II

