
expect a regiment of cavalry and a company of scouts, neither of which have reached me. I should esteem it a great military and political misfortune to be compelled to yield up one inch of the territory we have conquered. With a few more troops, or even with a better disposition of them, supporting me, between my line and Nashville, I can bid defiance to the enemy. If he attempts to cross the river anywhere in force I shall learn the fact, and am able to prevent him.

But I believe this is the first instance in the history of war where a general has been deprived of the command of his own lines of supply and communication. When the time comes for the appointment of a military governor of Alabama, which I hope is not far distant, I would venture to suggest the name of the Honorable George W. Lane, of this city, who holds a commission of district judger under the President, who has never swerved from the path of strict duty and loyalty, and whose tattooed and faded flag still waves from the staff to which he nailed it on his house-top in sight of my camp. I know his appointment would give great satisfaction to the citizens of Huntsville and Northern Alabama.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Huntsville, May 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have this day written you fully, embracing three topics of great importance-the absolute necessity of protecting slaves who furnish us valuable information; the fact that I am left without command of my line of communications, and the importance of holding Alabama north of the Tennessee. I have promised protection to the slaves who havve given me valuable assistance and information. My river front is 120 miles long, and if the Government disapprove what I have done, I must receive heavy re-enforcements or abandon my position. With the aid of the negroes in watching the river I feel myself sufficiently strong to defy the enemy.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General, Commanding Third Division.

CUMBERLAND FORD,

May 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The field wire asked for is to extend from the center to the flank of my line of battle, and possibly to the rear of the enemy. If the day were certain to be clear the wire would not be necessary, but if there be fog, it will be to secure concert of action. The tortuous character of the mountain defiles renders a great length necessary. The wire will also be useful in East Tennessee. If it cannot reach Lexington by the 8th, the 9th or 10th instant will do. Should the affair last no longer than a day and a half, the turning maneuver will not be made. I wish to be prepared for every event.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

