
gathered. Horses will be allowed to browse on bushes, and such as elm, cottonwood, and sassfras gatnered for this use at once. Particular attention must be given at once to our roads and defenses. Let every ax and spade be busy. At daybreak a party from each brigade will open a road by clearing the underbrush back to the Ridge road, following the highest ground back to the north and east. In front of the whole line underbrush must be cut to a distance of 300 yards, and heavy logs felled as a breastwork along the front of the artillery and camps; pickets, guards, and sentinels must be visited often, and the utmost vigilance maintained.

Monterey is the key point. We cannot be assailed by artillery, because the enemy cannot haul it up; we may be assailed by hordes of infantry, night or day, and therefore vigilance must be kept at all times, and any neglect promptly punished. If any sentinel will not be wakeful and intelligent, he must be made to work.

Our right is the point of danger, and will receive the personal attention of the general, but he can do nothing unless his orders are strictly observed; and these are, that all articles of provisions and forage be put under guard and dealt out at half rations; that the guard to our front be prepared with log breastworks and defenses, and underbrush cleared to our rear, to admit of prompt and easy communications, not to retreat on, but to afford means of assistance if necessary, and to move regiments from one point to anaother of our lines if need be.

Orders heretofore issued cover the whole ground, and this is only meant to remind all of their importance. Maps will at once be prepared and sent to brigadiers, who should furnish colonels and subordinates with copies.

By order of Brigadier General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 5, 1862.

Major-General MITCHEL,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Your telegrams of the 3rd and 4th have been received. No general in the field has deserved better of his country than yourself, and the Department rejoices to award credit to one who merits it so well. The Department is advised of nothing that you have done but what is approved. The assistance of slaves is an element of military strength which, under proper regulations, you are fully justified in employing for your security and the success of your operations. It has been freely employed by the enemy, and to abstain from its judicious use when it can be employed with military advantage would be a failure to employ means to suppress the rebellion and restore the authority of the Government. Protection to those who furnish information or other assistance is a high duty.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Huntsville, Ala., May 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The occupation of Huntsville and this railway line by my troops

