
seems to have produced among rebels the bitterest feeling. Armed citizens fire into the trains, cut the telegraph wires, attack the guards of bridges, cut off and destroy my couriers, while guerrilla bands of cavalry attack whenever there is the slightest chance of success. I have arrested some prominet citizens along the line of the railway and in this city. I hold some prisoners (citizens) against whom the negroes will prove charges of unauthorized war. Am I to convict on the testimony of the blacks? Have I your authority to send notorious rebels to a Norther prison? May I offer the protection of the Government to the negroes who give valuable information? Is it not possible to give me re-enforcements to cross the Osage at Grates' Ferry and march against Rome? That entire region is now comparatively unprotected and very much alarmed.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General, Commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Ford, May 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Last night the enemy attempted a surprise. I was forewarned by deserter and doubled my pickets. We were prepared to meet them both in front and rear. A cavalry skirmish took place, in which we captured one prisoner. Our scouts report that the enemy is retiring to the Gap. We are not in a condition to follow him.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Buell.)

MONTEREY,

May 6, 1862-3 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Weather clear this morning. Roads almost impassable. A number of deserters from Corinth came in yesterday. They report very large force well intrenched, and say that Beauregard is receiving re-enforcements every day. A few days ago forces began to arrive from South Carolina. General Lovell is expecterd to-day with the forces he had at New Orleans, numbering about 3,000 effective men. It is now believed the rebels will leave Virginia, and endeavor to save the Mississippi Valley by crushing our Western army. Beauregard, by concentrating troops from New Orleans, Mobile, Memphis, Fort Pillow, and intermediate points, will certainly add 60,000 effective men to the army he had ten days ago, and this without any force from Virginia, South Carolina, or Georgia. The troops from those States all to come by rail, by way of Montgomery or Meridian or Mobile and Ohio road, thence to Corinth. With all these facts, as we believe them here, it becomes a grave question for you to consider as to whether a column of 40,000 or 50,000 men should not be sent from the East. I submit the case as now understood by all parties here. Halleck is proceeding with his advance movements, and will in a few days invest Corinth, then be governed by circumstances. Halleck just got message about Yorktown.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

