
MONTEREY,

May 7, 1862-8 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

No reconnaissance made this afternoon, as the other divisions of the army were not up to the advance here. Everything is ready for a movement on Corinth by the left wing-General Pope's army-by 10 or 11 o'clock tomorrow. Weather good. Roads improving.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

Assistant Secretary of War.

NEAR FARMINGTON,

May 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Reports from the pickets assume such a form and come so continuously that the enemy is evacuating Corinth, that I think an examination in force will be desirable. It is certain that as early as last Thursday trains were leaving on both rooads of twenty and thirty cars each, loaded with supplies, and since that time men have not been permitted to go to the depot. A great quantity of subsistence stores have been carried off. I instructed General Paine to make as close an examination last night as possible, without moving his command, but have had no report from him. If one of Buell's divisions, say Nelson's, which is nearest to me, can be sent, with two days' rations in haversacks, to occupy my camps, I will make a reconnaissance to-day with my whole force.

Please advise immediately.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

MONTEREY, May 7, 1862.

General POPE:

General Buell is in line and General Sherman on the Purdy road.

General Smith's cavalry reached the Ohioo Railroad without opposition.

Push forward a strong reconnaissance tomorrow toward Corinth or on the left, and drive in their outposts. Do you want any aid from Buell?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

NEAR FARMINGTON,

May 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I only want Buell to watch my right carefully during the reconnaissance, that no force may interpose between us.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FARMINGTON, May 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Nelson is considerably in rear of my right, and his advanced pickets are not as far to the front as my encampment. He is also far to my

