
right, with Chambers Creek between us. From my right to his pickets on Chambers Creek is a full mile and a half, and the country between is high and rolling, with a road leading to Nichols' Ford, of Seven Mile Creek. He must either cross Chambers Creek very early in the morning and advance as far as Seven Mile Creek on my right, or he can neither give me assistance in case of need nor even watch my right. There is entirely too much interval between us.

In view of my movement tomorrow, as Hardee's force is lying a mile and a half outside the intrenchments and along the railroad, a considerable force will be necessary to drive him, and my movement will carry me still farther from Nelson. If he cannot be moved across Chambers Creek early in the morning, I think perhaps my attack on Hardee had better be postponed until he can do so. Unless Hardee is driven into the works no satisfactory reconnaissance can be made, and it will require my whole command to do so.

Please let me know immediately what to expect. Command will be ready tomorrow morning at 7 o'clock, with one day's rations.

My flag of truce has not yet returned.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 7, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Cumberland Gap:

Your report of yesterday is received. It is presumed that you keep the general commanding the department advised of your position and of your wants, making use yourself of whatever discretionary power may be necessary for the security of your position, your troops, or your communications. General Halleck will be informed of the substance of your report.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 7, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Near Corinth, Tenn.:

General Morgan, by a telegram yesterday from Cumberland Ford, reports a cavalry rebel force openly in the field in the neighborhood of Lexington, and expresses some apprehension of danger to his communicating with that city. He asks that 5,000 troops of the Kentucky Home Guards be called into service. It is hoped that you may be able to meet his wants without an appeal to this resort. The subject is committed to yourself without special orders from this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MONTEREY, TENN.,

May 8, 1862-10 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Deserter in this morning who left enemy's line after daylight, says they are expecting attack on their right from this command, and they

