HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 8, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

We have pushed our reconnaissance to the enemy's works, and the position of his batteries on the east side pretty well defined.

There are bodies of the enemy all along the railroad on the south side.

It was too far for me to venture across the railroad, while support was so far distant and my flanks accessible by the three roads from Corinth.

I will send you a sketch of the enemy's batteries and the road early in the morning.

There seems no doubt that he is in force at Corinth, though it is hard to tell without assaulting the intrenchments.

I think my command ought to be advanced to this place, to clear the railroad and make me secure on the left. I will write you at length.

We have lost several men killed and wounded.

The troops are retiring to camp, but a brigade will occupy Farmington.

The enemy, it is evident, will not stand outside of his intrenchments.

All the roads are obstructed by felled trees.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FARMINGTON, May 8, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I hardly know what to report to you, as my own opinion is not clear. Judging from the very feeble resistance offered to our advance on any of the roads leading to Corinth and the ease with which close reconnaissance was made, I am inclined to think either the enemy is evacuating or that he desires to draw us in on this road. His resistance was very feeble. Few troops could be seen, and the intrenchments were examined from a very near point. If he be in force, I am too far away from Buell to make such an advance as to demostrate the true state off the case. To-day I had to use only one division in the close ecamination; one brigade held in reserve while the other was advanced toward the railroad, so as to secure the left flank of the first. I must again say that my mind is not yet made up.

I regret to report the loss of Major Applington, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, killed too-day.

I will write you my views to-night.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 8, 1862.

Major General D. C. BUELL:

I intend to move forward upon Corinth by the Farmington road, resting my left as near as possible upon the railroad. My reserve will occupy the high ground in front of Farmington.

My wish is that Nelson cross Chambers Creek, with his infantry at

