
least, and advance as far as the right and front of my camp, so as to cover the road by way of Nichols' Ford.

I shall leave in my camp one field battery and four 30-pounder Parrotts, with proper supports.

Will you please direct Nelson to report to me the exact position he takes up and to be ready in case of emergency, keeping behind Seven Mile Creek, unless a pressing necessity arises, of which I will notify him.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 8, 1862.

General D. S. STANLEY:

The general commanding directs that the second brigade of your command bivouac to-night near the creek and on the side toward Farmington, thorowing out pickets, so as to inclose the town. They will be relieved in the morning.

General Buford, officer of the day, will post the pickets, and will be there for that purpose.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. MORGAN,

Aide-de-Camp.

CAMP TAYLOR,

Huntsville, Ala., May 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Since the Morgan raid I hear of no enemy except small bands of armed citizens, who still continue their outgrages along the railway line and elsewhere. I hold under arrest a few active rebels, who refuse to condemn their illegal warfare. I am confident some of them should be sent to a Northern prison, and in this the best citizens have agreed with me. Unless prohibited, I think the Honorable John Bell and the Honorable Jeremiah Clemens will start for Washington in a few days. My quartermaster absolutely requires money. We must pay for many things we have obtained in cash, and without some money it is absolutely impossible to keep the cars in motion on the road. Our employes are good Union men, but very poor and very needy. The bridge destroyed on the day of Morgan's attack will be finished probably tomorrow. Our line will then extend from near Stevenson to Elk River-over a hundred miles. Cotton buyers are in the market, and I have agreed to transport their cotton by rail and wagon, charging for the Government the usual prices, using the empty supply train on its return. I trust this will meet the approbation of the Goverment.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 8, 1862.

Brigadier General O. M. MITCHEL,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Secretary of War absent for some days. You are authorized to send the two or three notorious rebels mentioned to Fort Warren, Boston

