
[CHAP. XXII.

and in his retreat has ruined and lost a large share of his horses and mules.

There does not appear to be the least disposition on the part of the enemy to return to this country. On the contrary, they seem to be making their way toward the railroad, and it is currently rumored that they are to be sent into Tennessee.

The devastated condition of this valley precludes the probability of its being again entered from that direction. The army just driven from us swept it completely of the means of subsisting an army. My foraging parties have not been able to find a dozen beeves weeks' labor to repair the damages done to the roads by the late rains, so as to make them passable for wagons from the Gap to this place and to Prestonburg.

The Fortieth and Forty second Ohio, the Twenty-second Kentucky, and McLaughlin's squadron of cavalry are here. The Fourteenth Kentucky is at Paintsville. Part of the Sixteenth Kentucky is at Louisa, and the remainder at Catlettsburg.

I thought it best not to move the Fourteenth Kentucky and Sixteenth Kentucky up the river until I should learn the intentions of General Buell in regard to the future movements of the brigade. I believe I have reached the limit of my instruction, and I respectfully await further orders.

There has been a marked change in favor of the Union among the citizens of Buchanan, Wise, Scott, and other counties. At the foot of the Cumberland Mountains, within the last few weeks, several public meetings have been held to express their attachment to the Union, and in one instance a deputation was sent to me inviting me to come among them with the brigade, and promising their cordial support. Many rebel families are removing south of the railroads.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 8, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Nashville, Tenn.:

I have encouraged steamers here to take goods to Nashville. This will enable you to use them when they arrive there without exposing my plan by sending them up empty. If you determine to send any troops to the Tennessee, please let me know when and how many.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 8, 1862.

General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Paducah:

The steamer Graham, if cleared here according to my orders, must be permitted to proceed to Nashville with her cargo. If surveyor of port interferes, arrest him. If he is acting under orders of W. P. Mellen, tell him that I have directed said Mellen to countermand them. Arrest any civil officer that attempts to interfere with my orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

