
of a train at Cave City, Ky. If these things had [not] occurred, on tomorrow we would have one of the largest Union meetings ever held in the State. As it is, I think there will be a very decided demonstration, which will do much good. The people are in a condition when they are satisfied the Government will sustain them in their efforts to restore their former position in the Union. We are doing all we can, and think we have done much. May God crown your efforts to save the country with success.

ANDREW JOHNSON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Farmington, May 11, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Our cavalry is in Farmington, and has scoured the country for a mile and a half beyond the town toward Corinth, without finding any sign of the enemy. He has evidently withdrawn his pickets from our front.

I will reconnoiter tomorrow with cavalry.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 11, 1862.

Major General O. M. MITCHEL,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Your former telegram was answered, authorizing you to send distinguished rebel prisoners to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. General Wright, in Florida, has stopped the assassination of his sentinels by issuing orders to them to shoot without challenge everything they saw approaching them at night. Summary dealing with guerrillas indispensable to enable you to maintain such an extended line.

By order of Secretary of War.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CAMP CUMBERLAND FORD,

May 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

This morning John Morgan with 500 men, captured and destroyed three coaches and forty-seven other cars at Cave City, between Louisville and Nashville.

I would respectfully suggest that route should be guarded by a force of two regiments of cavalry and that a similar force should guard the road between this camp and Lexington. The presidend of the Military Board of Frankfort informs me that we cannot organize a cavalry force in the time designated. If there are cavalry regiments in Indiana or Ohio they should be ordered immediately to Kentucky.

This telegraph is also sent to General Buell, Governors Morton and Tod, and the president of the Military Board at Frankfort.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

