
Landing, Tenn., and report in person to Major-General Halleck for duty.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 26. Camp before Corinth, May 14, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. Denver, having reported to these headquarters, is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Brigade.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 15, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The reconnaissance to-day only extended along the Purdy and Farmington road from Driver's to Farmington and half mile or so beyond that road. The enemy's outposts fell back to Widow Serrat's.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 15, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I can advance whenever it suits you, though perhaps better after tomorrow, as it is now late; if not, immediately. I will have a further examination made of the ground beyond by scouts. I should deprecate the necessity of intrenching. A man belonging to a picket guard which was left at Driver's, from Sherman's division, has come into my camp, and reports that the guard has been driven back by the enemy.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Farmington, May 15, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Dispatch just received. Occasionally see a few mounted pickets of the enemy about a mile beyond Farmington toward Corinth. Have the driven them in several times within a day or two, and find no force behind them for at least 2 miles west of Farmington. Sent a reconnaissance to the railroad southwest of Farmington yesterday morning; found nobody. Everything quiet as the grave. Party followed railroad toward Corinth. Have driven them in several times. Party found small trestle bridge on railroad toward Corinth. Burned it, and then walked in to within 2 miles of town; heard enemy's reveille. Nearly all the drums beat south of Memphis and Charleston road, in direction of Mobile and Ohio road.

