
I hold firmly to the opinion that there will be no serious opposition met with.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Farmington, May 15, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Negro servant of an officer of the Forty-sixth Ohio, who was captured by the enemy in late battle, escaped from Corinth at 2 p. m. yesterday and came into my camp last night; says that troops were ordered to cook five days' rations in Corinth day before he left; that provisions, artillery carriages, &amp;c., had been sent down the Mobile and Ohio road; that officers' baggade was sent to the railroad depot in larg quantities, to be ready to send off; that he heard the officers say that some movement was coming off, whether in advance or retreat he did not know; that there was great stir and running about in town yesterday-much more than usual; that one regiment marched through town, with its baggage, going south; heard them say that they were driven out of their camp north of town.

The negro evidently designs to tell the truth, but how far his information is valuable I don't know. He is now on his way to join his regiment on the right, and will stop and report to you.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. RESERVE OF THE ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Camp, Locust Hill, May 15, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the officer and four orderlies required have been detailed, under instructions to report as directed in your communication.

I also embrace the present opportunity to say, that having only two of the three divisions originally assigned to me, I am left to guard the line of Owl and Lick Creeks from the bridge near Pittsburg to the vicinity of Easel's, some 16 miles. That in accomplishing this purpose two regiments have been detached from the First (General Logan), one of which is encamped at the Pittsburg and Purdy Bridge; that another regiment forms an outpost, established at a point about 1 1/2 miles northwest of the right of the First Division; that two others form an outpost at the crossing of Muddy Creek about the same distance due west of the same division, and that a brigade of the same division was advanced to-day to the evacuated camp of General Sherman, on the road to Corinth, about a mile from this camp.

Besides these large detachments a heavy infantry picket is advanced southwest and north of the same division. A cavalry picket is advanced in the same direction still farther, covering a line some 3 miles in length.

Similar pickets are kept up by the Third Division (General Wallace), to guard the line of Owl Creek from a point near the Pittsburg and

