
ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

No. 25. Camp before Corinth, May 15, 1862.

Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith having been assigned to this division, and the Eighth Missouri Regiment transferred in place of the Fourteenth Wisconsin on detached service, the following changes are made in the division, to be carried into effect at once:

In consequence of the reduced strength of regiments, instead of four brigades there will be three brigades, of four regiments each.

First Brigade, Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith commanding: Eighth Missouri Volunteers, Fifty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, Fifty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Fifty-seventh Ohio Volunteers.

Second Brigade, Colonel John A. McDowell commanding: Sixth Iowa Volunteers, Forty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Fortieth Illinois Volunteers, Seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteers.

Third Brigade, Colonel R. P. Buckland commanding: Seventy-second Ohio Volunteers, Seventieth Ohio Volunteers, Forty-eighth Ohio Volunteers, Fifty-third Ohio Volunteers.

The batteries and cavalry will remain unattached, as heretofore, and make reports direct to headquarters; but Major Taylor will habitually keep one battery with each brigade, unless specially detached by general orders.

The regiments hereby changed in their brigade organization will at once be conducted into line of their new brigade, their commanders reporting to their new brigadiers.

The officers commanding brigades will forthwith asquaint themselves with the actual condition of their commands, as to numbers, arms, ammunition, transportation, &amp;c., and any wants will be supplied on proper requisitions.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

No. 27. Camp No. 6, near Corinth, May 15, 1862.

Details for guards and pickets should be made at evening parade, and guard assembled at guard mounting at about 7 o'clock, after breakfast.

When in bivouac or camp the guards and sentinels should be posted at that hour.

When on a march the guard should be assembled as soon as the command halts and the camp is fixed, and the guards and sentinels should at once be posted.

Officers commanding guard should study their ground carefully and well, and explain to the sentinels the points to be particularly watched, and the cover they should take if threated, as the safety of all depends upon their fidelity and watchfulness.

A field officer of the day will be detailed, who wi received instructions from the commanding general. He will see that our picket connects with those of the adjacent divisions and with each other.

The picket guard will be mounted by brigade, and will consist of one

