
company per regiment, and when re-enforced by special details, those details should have credit for a regular tour.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 15, 1862.

Major General O. M. MITCHEL,

Huntsville, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th instant to the Secretary of War has been received and consider.

Not being able from illness to write you personally, he directs me to say that your action in the employment of negroes for the purpose indicated in your letter is fully approved by him. Your other suggestions will receive his attention at the earliest practicable moment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ALBANY, IND.,

May 15, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Five of my boats ought to reach Cairo by tomorrow morning. These five are of the smaller class, and will be taken down to Fort Wright without delay by second in command, Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet, and be held there ready to take part in any movement against the enemy. The sixth will overtake the fleet in the Mississippi. The seventh, most powerfful, boat will leave Madison to-day and ought to reach Fort Wright by Sunday, and I hope to be on board. The ninth, and last, will leave here Sunday morning, and report at Fort Wright. The arms ordered by me have not been received. Please send a dispatch to Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet at Cairo, authorizing him to make a requisition on the commander of that post, or any other source of supply not too far distant, for 300 Navy revolvers and 300 breech-loading or other short rifles, to use between decks. If no surgeon is appointed for the fleet, please authorize Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet to engage Dr. James Roberts, of Carbondale, II., who is well recommended and willing to serve. But my rams shall not be detained for want of arms or doctors.

CHAS. ELLET, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 15, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel ELLET, Cairo, Ill.:

You are authorized to make a requisition on the officer commanding at Cairo or any other officer within reach who can supply you, for 300 Navy revolvers and 300 breech-loading or other short rifles or carbines,

