
[CHAP. XXII.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 8, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Nashville, Tenn.:

You are mistaken about Island Numbers 10. It has not been abandoned. We have invested New Madrid and made lodgment at Point Pleasant. The enemy has six gunboats at New Madrid. They have annoyed us, but have done very little harm. Do you purpose to send any troops to the Tennessee, and, if so, how many and when? My own movements are delayed for this information. Answer as soon as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

PADUCAH, March 8, 1862.

General CULLUM:

General Halleck by telegraph authorizes me to join Major General C. F. Smith. I have sent up the Tennessee eleven regiments and one battery and enough boats to transport 20,000 men. Do you know any reason why I should delay longer here? I propose to go up to-night and leave Colonel Noble in command with two regiments of infantry and eight companies of cavalry.

W. T. SHERMAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 8, 1862.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Nashville:

Your telegram, received to-day, gives great satisfaction. General Buell will be nominated a major-general to-morrow. Andrew Johnson will be appointed Military Governor of Tennessee, with the rank of brigadier, and district marshals, attorneys, and a district judge will be nominated. Authority to raise regiments of loyal Tennesseeans will be granted to all suitable persons. Arms and ammunition for the Volunteers will be forwarded. You will remain at Nashville with General Buell or wherever you can be most useful, advising me daily of the state of operations. The President is much pleased with the cautious vigor of General Buell, and relies upon that to guard, above all things, against any mishap by premature and unsupported movements, and expects cordial concert of action between him and General Halleck.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 8, 1862-10.30 a.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Washington:

Strange to say, I have not yet received any returns whatever from General Grant, showing the number and positions of his forces. I ordered on the 1st of March, one week ago, the movement up the Tennessee to destroy bridges, &amp;c. I can get no official information of how many have gone or where they now are. Pope's army having accomplished its main object by turning Columbus on the right, and all the country

