
CAMP ON CORINTH ROAD, May 18, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, in Field:

I have observed to-day that my instructions have not been carried out in two respects.

First. Your army corps does not occupy the position assigned to it. Your right was directed to occupy Driver's and hold the road at that place. As you did not take that position yesterday, General Thomas was obliged to secure it. He will be directed to move to the right at 10 a.m. to-morrow, and it is expected that you will occupy this place at that hour.

Second. In making the advance all the army corps were directed to intrench themselves on the Farmington and Purdy road. I find intrenchments on the right and left wings, but none on the center.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

BUELL'S HEADQUARTERS, May 18, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I certainly have intended to carry out your instructions, but where they have not been specific I have supposed that you expected me to exercise my own judgment. I did not know that any directions had been given to intrench. I supposed the flanks were doing so on their own judgment, and I considered that, though perhaps essential for them, you might not think it necessary for the center, especially if it held strong ground.

Your dispatch stating that you desired to occupy the Purdy and Farmington road, inquiring when I could move, and adding that it would probably be necessary to intrench on that line, I did not understand as an order to intrench, or even as indicating that you had determined in your own mind in regard to it. The line I now occupy is at certain points, on account of their natural strength, in advance of the Purdy road. Shall I exercise my judgment in regard to the position of the line or will you send an officer to fix it definitely, as well as the character of the intrenchments? General Thomas has his camp somewhat to the left of the Corinth road, but the position of my troops is that with which I expected to rest the right of my line of battle on the road at Driver's.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Cumberland Ford, May 18, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

General Smith has ten regiments of infantry at Knoxville. Artillery force not known. At Jacksborough, 38 miles west of Cumberland Gap, General Barton has seven regiments of infantry, 600 cavalry, and a battery of eight pieces, while General Stevenson has 4,500 infantry, twenty cannon, and 400 cavalry at Cumberland Gap. The force at Knoxville has been principally withdrawn from Chattanooga. Our artillery has this moment arrived.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

