
CAMP ON CORINTH ROAD, May 19, 1862-9 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A telegram from General Curtis in Arkansas says that our fleet came up the Mississippi and turned back. This is very much to be regretted. The fleet would have met with no serious opposition at Memphis and could have captured all the enemy's transports and gunboats, thus opening the Mississippi and recovering Arkansas and Texas. Unfortunately I cannot each either Memphis or Fort Pillow without a long and difficult march. Should we drive the enemy from Corinth without a siege much time will be required to repair the railroads. If the Mississippi could be opened to Memphis it would save months in marching by land, and I have urged our flotilla to risk running past Fort Pillow, which is garrisoned by less than 3,000 men, but the attempt is not made.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAMP ON CORINTH ROAD, May 19, 1862.

Major General BUELL, in Field:

Considering how much we have at stake, I do not think we ought to omit any measure of security. Our line is a very long one, and if the enemy should attempt to turn us, forces from the center must be detached. In that case intrenchments would be exceedingly important.

You will use your own discretion as to the location. Perhaps the ground may be such as to require them on only a part of your front Of this you will be the judge. Do all you can in the way of reconnoitering the ground in your front.

There are very important reasons, which I will explain verbally, why an attack should not be delayed many days. I therefore wish the line from Farmington to Russell's made as secure as possible, so that we can proceed to press the enemy in front.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, May 19, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

It is my purpose to-day to push my grand guards, of two regiments and a section of artillery each, to the first creek, about 1 1/4 miles in front of my lines, and cut out avenues to them, so that my heavy artillery will have clear range. I cannot well move them forward unless your left division can do the same. Please advise me as soon as possible.

JNumbers POPE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE ARMY CORPS, Camp near Corinth, May 19, 1862.

General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Third Division:

A brigade of the First Division [General Judah's] attacked a small body of the enemy this morning at the intersection of the State-line

