
FARMINGTON, May 20, 1862-8 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our forces have been within 4 miles of Corinth for two days past. Enemy not disposed to attack in force, but we have had brisk skirmishing yesterday and to-day. To-morrow some troops will be moved forward to reconnoiter position of enemy. Heavy rains this evening. Please reply to my message of Saturday.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp on Corinth Road, May 20, 1862.

Major-General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

Major-General W. T. Sherman will advance to-morrow morning from his present position to Russell's house, his left extending southeast to the creek which crosses the road north of that point, and his right extending that position and move up and establish in battery a part of his heavy artillery.

One brigade of General Judah's division will advance and occupy Major-General Sherman's present intrenchments, connecting by detachments with the Locusts and keeping up a strong reconnaissance in front toward the railroad. General Hurlbut's division will take position on the left of Major-General Sherman, extending toward Brig. Gen. T. W. Sherman's present position.

Brigadier-General Davies will advance and occupy the same line, a brigade of Brigadier-General McKean's division filling up the space, if necessary. The main body of this latter division will occupy its present position as a reserve or second line of the right wing.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

This order has been telegraphed to Major-General Sherman. I inclose copies for Major-Generals Thomas and McClernand. It will be soon enough to forward the order to General McClernand early in the morning.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Farmington, May 20, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

One and a half miles in front of my right is the high ridge on the east side of the first creek toward Corinth. This point is the highest ground this side of Corinth, and will be within 1 1/2 miles of the enemy's works. I can throw forward my right to occupy it, which will give me a line diagonal to the one now occupied. The operation will be secure if Buell moves forward his two left divisions to the same point. Our

