
heavy batteries can then be established in good range. As you are aware, I have reconnoitered the ground in my front some time since to within half a mile of the enemy's works. The reconnaissance will be made at 7 o'clock in the morning, but I desire to know whether I had not better take intrenching tools and hold on.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FARMINGTON, May 20, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy advanced three regiments of infantry to within 1 1/2 miles of my left yesterday, as a support to their pickets in that direction. Van Dorn and Price are massed south of the Memphis and Charleston road, within 2 1/2 miles of my left flank. I am building a lookout in front of my camp about 90 feet high, from which I can see into Corinth and note every movement of consequence. I can see the town now from the top of the trees. The lookout will be finished to-morrow. The reconnaissance, per order, will be made on the direct Corinth road by my right division.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 118. Camp, Farmington, May 20, 1862.

The movement of the First Division of this army this morning was entirely unauthorized.

Such movements tend to dispirit and harass the troops, and must result in the demoralization of the command.

It is therefore ordered that no movement of this division be hereafter made without a written command from these headquarters, or the order of the major-general commanding, though one of his staff officers.

This order will be read at the head of every regiment of the First Division of this army.

By order of Major-General Pope:

C. A. MORGAN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HUNTSVILLE, May 20, 1862.

Major-General D. C. BUELL:

Our troops under General Negley entered Florence on the 16th.

The expedition has been very successful. Our great deficiency in cavalry has permitted the enemy to escape. I ordered a force under the command of Colonel Lytle to march on the 18th on the road leading to Winchester and Decherd, hoping to cut the enemy off in his effort to reach the mountains. I could give to Colonel Lytle only 100 cavalry.

The First Kentucky Regiment and the company of mounted scouts ordered to report to me for duty have not been heard from since the 2nd instant.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

