
FARMINGTON, May 21, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I wrote you some time ago about rolling stock and the blow is struck at Corinth. You should at once direct Colonel McCallum to perfect all organization for that purpose, without its destination being known, to be ready for shipment to Columbus as soon as notified by General Halleck. I suppose the engines and cars may be taken from Louisville and Nashville road. No movement toward repairing road can be mad until we have possession of Corinth and the railroad, as enemy would effectually break the line and remove materials if they found we were putting it in order. Brisk firing in front this morning. There will not be a general engagement for some days, until Curtis' army arrives, unless the enemy should show some weak point or be able to re-enforce beyond the additional forces we are now waiting for. Have you acted upon my letter in regard to Master Thompson's absence?

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BUELL'S HEADQUARTERS, May 21, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

My reconnoitering party met a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers at the Widow Serratt's house, and drove them back after some sharp skirmishing, in which we had some 25 men wounded, 3 of them however by the premature explosion of one of our shells. The enemy retired to the opposite side of a large field on the left-hand side of the road and were pressed no farther, their force being sufficient to make it inexpedient to cross the open ground in front. The woods of the opposite side is quite thick, but three regiments were seen supporting their skirmishers. They exhibited no artillery. I directed our regiments to remain on the ground taken and return at dark. It is 700 yards beyond our outposts.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,No. 86. In Field, near Corinth, Miss., May 21, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

3. Brig. Gen. John McArthur is assigned to duty in the Second Division, right wing, Army of the Tennessee, and will report to General Thomas A. Davies.

By order of Major-General U. S. Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON CORINTH ROAD, May 22, 1862-11 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

All quiet this morning. Our forces from General Curtis are expected to arrive about 27th. Tennessee River is getting low. Railway

