
enforcements. They evidently intend to make a desperate struggle at that point, and from all I can learn their leaders have utmost confidence in the result. They are constantly at work upon their intrenchments, which are becoming of a formidable character. It is fearful to contemplate the consequences of a defeat of Corinth. In the opinion of many officers our forces are at present outnumbered. I would most earnestly ask that, if it be possible, ten more [regiments] be at once detached from [other] points and sent here, and also that no time should be lost doing this, if it can be [done].

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 114. Washington, May 22, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

8. Brig. Gen. G. M. Dodge, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty in the Department of the Mississippi, and will report in person to Major-General Halleck.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 23, 1862.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK, Camp near Corinth:

Your dispatch of 10 yesterday forenoon received.* Neither the Sanitary Commission nor the Governors of States have any authority from this Department to removed troops, under pretense of sickness or any other cause, without your authority. You are authorized to make and enforce any regulation you deem proper in respect to the sick or wounded, and to prevent any interference or conflict with your own regulations. Three regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and two batteries of artillery have been ordered from Kansas to join you.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

RUSSELL'S HOUSE, May 23, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

This morning drove enemy's pickets back 400 yards. Have now an open field to front and another to the right. Have sent three times to railroad to-day; all very quiet. My lines much strengthened, and all disposition made for any probable event. Only 1 man wounded to-day.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Halleck's reports, Part I, p.666.

---------------

