
have been taken without a shadow of authority, and those who are guilty are but robbers and plunderers, and must be treated as such.

I cannot arraign before a court, civil or military, a brigade, and I most deeply regret that a portion at least of your time had not been occupied in searching for the testimony which would have fixed the charge of pillage and plunder upon some individual officer or soldier under my command. To this, the most important matter connected with this unfortunate affair, you do not appear thus far to have given the slightest attention.

Trusting that a finished report from you may furnish the evidence which may convict before a court-martial those guilty of robbery and pillage, I remain, gentlemen, your very obedient servant,

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Troops

in North Alabama and Middle Tennessee.
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Cumberland Ford, May 24, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Cumberland Gap has been re-enforced by a brigade of four regiments of infantry, one battery of artillery, and 400 cavalry, and a brigade has just arrived at Big Creek Gap from Knoxville. Kirby Smith is again at the former Gap, the defenses of which have been increased since our last armed reconnaissance. Two regiments from Virginia, probably forced back by the advance of Cox, have reached Knoxville, and the enemy has withdrawn the bulk of his forces from the neighborhood of Chattanooga and Cumberland. I have taken steps to organize a partisan regiment, under Colonel Clift, commissioned by the Secretary of War, in Scott and Morgan Counties, Tennessee, in order to annoy the enemy's rear. During the past three weeks there have been rumors of the intended invasion of Kirby Smith. Some of our friends in East Tennessee attach confidence to these reports. Three of my brigades threaten the enemy's front.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Farmington, May 26, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

A considerable force of the enemy is massed in front of [south of] our left, in the direction of the railroad. At least three regiments were seen on the Danville road. It is possible that the enemy means to attack my left in the morning. I shall be ready.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Farmington, May 26, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The firing you hear is from a strong force I have sent to drive the enemy across the first creek on the left-hand Corinth road. The enemy

