
was in some force near the creek, but are retiring. There was a report of the advance of the enemy in some force on my left to-day, but it has not been verified.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP ON CORINTH ROAD, May 26, 1862.

General BUELL.

If nothing has occurred to change the state of affairs in front, you will to-morrow establish your heavy batteries near Mrs. Serratt's house and drive the enemy's forces behind Bridge Creek..

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE ARMY CORPS, Camp Locusts, May 26, 1862.

Brig. Gen. U. S. GRANT, U. S. A.:

GENERAL: Dr. Gordon, surgeon of the Thirtieth Illinois, who was taken prisoner at Belmont, reported to me to-day. He says he left Memphis on the 15th instant; that while at that place he met some of his professional classmates, then in the rebel service, who informed him that on that date the enemy's force at Corinth numbered 146,000, including 10,000 men from Virginia. He says these forces were brought from Arkansas, Missouri, Louisiana, Alabama, and Florida, among other places; and other details were given, which I cannot now recount, prospectively increasing their number to 200,000. He adds, however, that a considerable portion of the force at Corinth consists of new levies, being in large part boys and old men.

He says that his acquaintances giving him this information had, notwithstanding the preparations mentioned, despaired of the rebel cause, and that a majority of the inhabitants of Memphis are favorably inclined to our side.

Having given you this statement, I forbear any comment upon it, except to repeat an opinion some time since communicated, that the enemy will show himself in large force at Corinth if he should show himself there at all.

Dr. Gordon says Memphis is almost totally devoid of permanent fortifications, and that large quantities of sugar and cotton have been concealed near Fort Pickering, in anticipation of the capture of the city.

Your obedient servant,JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND FORD, May 26, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The public service is greatly suffering for want of two additional assistant quartermasters and one assistant commissary at Lexington.

