
IN THE FIELD, May 28, 1862.

General HALLECK:

We found nothing but the enemy's skirmishers. My skirmishers are feeling their way toward Bridge Creek. Pope has had and is again having some sharp cannonading, but no musketry, I think.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Farmington, May 28, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I shall move forward on the south, or left-hand, road from this place to Corinth. One division of 7,000 men will occupy this bank of Bridge Creek, with its left resting on the road, its right extending toward Boxe's. Two other divisions of equal strength will occupy the line en echelon, facing to the southwest; the other division occupying that part of my intrenchments which are refused, and the whole well closed, so that our left will present an unbroken line of battle, looking toward the railroad.

My heavy batteries will be established on the high lands along the creek in front of my first division.

JNumbers POPE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Farmington, May 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

My command is drawn up and will march in ten minutes. My heavy batteries will be ready to open by 3 p.m.

I sent you a dispatch yesterday, stating that I had sent two regiments of cavalry to destroy railroad bridges, &amp;c., 45 miles south of Corinth. They are to be there early this morning. They are commanded by Colonel Elliott, and will undoubtedly perform the service at some portion of the road to-day.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP ON CORINTH ROAD, May 28, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

My understanding with you was that a battery was to be erected near Boxe's when you advanced, but the time of erecting it was left undetermined. I understood yesterday that works were being thrown up on the road, and supposed they were for your heavy guns. If an impression was given last night that you had not done as ordered it certainly was not intended, and my remarks were entirely misunderstood.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

