
[CHAP. XXII.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 9, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Fort Henry:

Your letter of the 5th instant, just received, contains the first and only information of your actual forces. If you have reported them before I have not seen them. General McClellan has repeatedly ordered me to report to him daily the numbers and positions of your forces. This I could not do, and the fault certainly was not mine, for I telegraphed to you time and again for the information, but could get no answer. This certainly indicated a great want of order and system in your command, the blame of which was partially thrown on me, and perhaps justly, as it is the duty of every commander to compel those under him to obey orders and enforce discipline. Don't let such neglect occur again, for it is equally discreditable to you and to me. I really felt ashamed to telegraph back to Washington time and again that I was unable to give the strength of your command.

But to business. I think the guns and stores at Clarksville should be brought down to Paducah. We require no garrison there. Fragmentary regiments equivalent to one regiment will be sufficient to garrison Fort Donelson. The same for Fort Henry. All other troops should be sent up the Tennessee as rapidly as possible. As soon as these things are arranged you will hold yourself in readiness to take the command. There will probably be some desperate fighting in that vicinity, and we must be prepared. See that stores, ammunition, intrenching tools, &amp;c., are forwarded.

Messengers should be sent at least twice a day to the telegraph line, to keep me informed of everything. I am required to report to Washington at least once a day the condition of affairs. Your district was the only one heretofore from which I could not obtain the required information. I shall organize and send you re-enforcements as rapidly as possible, and when I get them under way I shall join you myself.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 9, 1862-8 p.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Washington:

From General Grant's letter of the 5th instant, just received, I learn that his force consists of forty-six regiments of infantry, three regiments of cavalry, and ten batteries of light artillery. This is the first and only information on this subject I have received from him. The regiments, he says, will not average more than 500 men each. You will perceive from this that without Buell's aid I am too weak for operations on the Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I did not get your dispatch of the 6th until yesterday; that of the 8th the same evening. I suggest the following: I can move from one side of the river to the other at pleasure, and if we attempt to operate on both sides without the same facility of transit we are liable to be

