
BRIDGE CREEK, May 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

My command is in position after sharp skirmishing. Enemy driven back across creek. To out left and front, on the opposite side, is an intrenched position, with artillery, about 500 yards distant. My four 30-pounder Parrotts are in front and now being placed in battery; they will open in an hour, when, if practicable, I will carry and hold the enemy's intrenched position. I think it is not a portion of their main works, but half a mile in advance. From prisoners, I am satisfied there is no battery or work on Widow Phillips' place, which is on my right and front and half way between the two roads to Corinth. That is the one [?] and one Boxe's.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 28, 1862.

General STANLEY:

Feel in with your skirmishers toward the battery on your left, and see what you can do with it. I will send the sharpshooters from Paine's right to turn it on its right. Have your columns ready to march, and if you deem it practicable, carry the nearest work.

Leave at least one brigade to watch your right and rear, and if you need more, call on Morgan or General Paine, who are just in your rear.

If by waiting for the 30-pounder Parrotts you can silence the battery, wait, and don't attempt to storm. Meantime put Colonel Bissell to work for the Parrotts and your own men to digging rifle pits.

JNO. POPE,Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 28, 1862.

General PAINE:

Send your sharpshooters in the direction of the enemy's battery which had just fired and see what it is. Let them lay under cover and pick off the gunners. Stand ready to support Stanley, should be decide to storm it.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

RUSSELL'S, May 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have advanced and driven the enemy's, which were supported by a section of artillery. Occupy a high, commanding ridge, but cannot yet discover any earthworks of the enemy. Will advance still farther this p.m.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

