HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp on Corinth Road, May 28, 1862.

Major-General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: If General McCook should be attacked to-morrow morning he must be re-enforced by General T. W. Sherman's division, the remainder of McKean's division being brought into line. W. T. Sherman and Hurlbut will probably be able to connect with McKean's right to-morrow, which will leave Davies in reserve. The enemy will probably attack our advance in the morning. McClernand and Wallace have been ordered up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SEVEN MILES SOUTH OF SHELBYVILLE, May 28, 1862-10 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Returning to Huntsville from consultation last evening at Nashville with the principal officers. Views received. I respectfully request to be given a command in the Army of the Potomac, simply and solely because I am confident I can do there more effective service than here in Alabama. My advance beyond the Tennessee River seems impossible, and others are here abundantly qualified to do all that is required.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862.

Major-General O. M. MITCHEL,

Seven Miles south of Shelbyville:

Your telegram received. We would be very glad to have you on the Potomac, but the President thinks that at the present juncture it would not be advisable to remove you from a command where you have rendered such distinguished service and when your abilities cannot be supplied.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

BUELL'S, May 29, 1862.

General HALLECK:

We have had some skirmishing, but generally it has been quiet in my front. My troops have not changed position. McCook's right is without doubt within 1,000 yards of the enemy's works. If you approve, I will to-morrow crowd the enemy back with a strong line of skirmishers and probably establish two or three divisions on McCook's line, on other side of creek. It seems to me it might be well for Pope to be prepared to move up at the same time, but not be ordered absolutely.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

