
CAMP NEAR CORINTH, May 29, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

General Pope is of opinion that if he advances at all he will bring on a general attack, as the enemy is now strongly massed in his front. I therefore think he had better hold his present position till we feel the enemy more on the right and center. W. T. Sherman is getting his heavy artillery into position. He will probably be able to open on the enemy's works to-morrow forenoon.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Farmington, May 29, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

It is just reported to me that the enemy has evacuated the intrenched position he occupied yesterday on my left and front.

I am pushing forward my skirmishers, and will telegraph again directly.

JNO. POPE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, May 29, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The intrenched works of the enemy have not abandoned, although the guns have been withdrawn and are limbered up in the rear, supported by a heavy infantry force. The work is just south of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, which is much nearer than supposed. The railroad runs through a deep cut in front of the battery. Behind it and between the two railroads the forces of Van Dorn and Price are massed.

I can bring on a battle immediately if you desire it.

I will post my heavy Parrotts so as to play upon the work.

I would suggest that my only farther advance under present circumstances must be in the direction of the railroad, where I should meet Van Dorn and Price and a part at least of Hardee's forces.

I have not yet heard from the expedition down the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

The reconnaissance I sent out this morning developed the enemy in heavy force in front of Hamilton, on the right of the intrenched position of the enemy.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR CORINTH, May 29, 1862.

Major-General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN:

I have just returned from Pope's. His battery of 20-pounder Parrotts opened about 10 o'clock, and soon compelled the enemy to abandon their advanced work.

