
followed by a long series of explosions, which you probably heard.

Yours, very respectfully,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

BUELL'S, May 30, 1862.

General HALLECK:

On reaching Corinth I learned that the rear guard of the enemy, which had halted a few miles from town, had resumed its march, burning the bridges in its rear. The question, therefore, became of a deliberate pursuit of the enemy's retreating army, which I did not consider myself authorized to determine. Accordingly my troops are disposed of as directed in your orders of this morning. This will answer in most respects.

Your dispatch in regard to Colonel Jackson's report just received; but, nevertheless, I propose to send two regiments of cavalry on the Kossuth road. They may embarrass the enemy a little and discover something of his movements.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR CORINTH, May 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Pope's forces will advances to the southeast. I think one division is sufficient to occupy the intrenchments, if you keep your forces near by, ready to sustain it, to occupy on the right or left, as circumstances may require. A new arrangement may be made to-morrow. Be ready to-night to sustain Pope if he should meet with serious resistance.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

BUELL'S, May 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have just this moment received the following from Colonel Elliott:

The enemy have come to bay about 5 miles from Corinth, on the Kossuth road. The road after the first 2 miles is strewn with knapsacks and guns. They set the bridge on fire which spans the creek, the Tuscumbia. The fire was put out by the cavalry and the bridge saved, so that the troops passed over. The enemy had artillery, cavalry, and infantry.

JACKSON.

I am just starting over, but will await your instructions.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Corinth, Miss., May 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy commenced evacuating Tuesday night. Their main body retreated last night. General Smith, of Major-General Sherman's division,

