
beaten in detail. The point I previously suggested is the only one from which we can operate centrally. That secured, we can act according to circumstances either way. If you occupy that point I will re-enforce you by water or join you by land; otherwise I may detach too little to serve you, or else so much as to endanger Middle Tennessee, the importance of which I need not allude to. If we could better understand each other.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIGADE,Cumberland Ford, March 9, 1862.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

CAPTAIN: Within the last week upwards of 1,000 East Tennesseans have arrived in this vicinity, the great mass of whom have entered the service. In a very short time we shall have three new regiments. Supplies of all kinds are needed for them. Two thousand men can be armed with Tennessee rifles, now on hand, but unfortunately, and most unaccountably, no ammunition for them has been received. Two hundred thousand cartridges were, as I was advised by Lieutenant Edson, sent to Lebanon, with orders to have them forwarded to London about the middle of January, but what disposition was made of them by Captain Nigh I am at loss to say. I report the fact with the hope that the case may be investigated. There has been criminal carelessness somewhere in connection with the matter, and as this command has been seriously affected by it, I trust that the fault may be traced to its proper source.

Respectfully,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Numbers 9. Nashville, Tenn., March 9, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General Crittenden and the Fourteenth Brigade are relieved from further duty with the Fourth Division.

II. The Eleventh Brigade, General Boyle, is assigned to the Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Crittenden commanding.

III. The batteries of the Fourth Division will be Konkle's, Harris', and Cox's.

IV. The batteries of the Fifth Division will be Mendenhall's (regulars) and Bartlett's.

V. The batteries of the Sixth Division will be Cochran's, Cockerill's, and Shultz's, under Major Race, First Ohio Artillery.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

