
reports that he is close upon their rear, composed of cavalry and artillery. A citizen of this place tells me that he understands they have retreated in three columns-one to Grand Junction, Columbus, and Okolona, Miss.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Corinth, Miss., May 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Major-General Sherman occupies College Hill. The enemy are said to be forming at Kossuth to await our arrival. Brig. Gen. Morgan L. Smith is advanced on the Ripley road, on which it is said their heavy artillery and cavalry are retreating. This road also leads to Kossuth. I have ordered up Generals Hurlbut and Davies to the support of General Sherman. Would it not be well for General McClernand to advance and cover our right and rear?

General Sherman is satisfied that they have retreated by various roads; on some is considerable confusion, but on the Ripley road they retired in good order, covered by a strong rear guard.

I will wait here for your orders,Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Corinth, May 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: I would respectfully suggest that General McClernand be ordered to occupy Major-General Sherman's old position at Russell's with a brigade, throwing forward the bulk of his force to Chewalla. It is reported to me that the enemy retired in considerable force toward Memphis, and may be near Chewalla at this time.

Respectfully, &c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Vols., Commanding.

Captain Hammond, of Major-General Sherman's staff, has just reported that the enemy succeeded in destroying the bridge across the main fork of Tuscumbia Creek, supported by a strong rear guard.

CAMP ON CORINTH ROAD, May 30, 1862.

Generals BUELL, POPE, and THOMAS:

I do not wish Corinth occupied in force. General Pope will withdraw all his forces, and occupy the high ground to the southeast of that place. General Buell will have a cavalry force in Corinth, and occupy the enemy's intrenchments with one division, and hold his forces in the rear, ready to move either to the right or left. General Thomas' forces, except his cavalry, will fall back to the enemy's intrenchments, and hold the Corinth and Purdy road to Russell's, and, with General McClernand's reserve, will be prepared for any movement of the enemy on our

