
right flank. At the same time scouts and reconnoitering parties will move on the roads leading out of Corinth, to ascertain and watch the enemy's movements. General Pope, with his re-enforcements from the right wing, will proceed to feel the enemy on the left.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

MAY 30, 1862.

General HALLECK,

Headquarters:

You already know my movements to-day.

General Thomas gave me your orders to retire to this camp, saying that General Buell would occupy Corinth.

I came back through Corinth with my last brigade, and finding there no part of Buell's forces, I thought proper to leave a regiment-the Fifty-fourth Ohio, Col. T. Kilby Smith-to guard the public property there.

If General Buell is to occupy Corinth, he ought to do so at once and relieve my regiment.

Will you please call his attention to this? I must picket, strong to the right, and my line is very long.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ABOVE FORT PILLOW, May 30, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Immediately on arriving here, five days ago, I called to see Commodore Davis, on the flag-ship Benton, and then suggested a joint movement to destroy the enemy's fleet and command the Mississippi below Fort Pillow. The commodore promised to communicate with me again on that point after giving it further consideration. Not hearing from him, I renewed the suggestion in a note three days afterward and was promised a reply yesterday. Up to this time I have not received any. I shall inform him to-day of my readiness to move alone next Monday morning, unless in the mean time he shall conclude to allow one or more of his gunboats to participate. Delay will be fatal to the usefulness of this fleet.

Respectfully,

CHAS. ELLET, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Ram Fleet.

WASHINGTON, May 31, 1862-6 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Corinth, Miss.:

Have you obtained any reliable information from deserters or prisoners in regard to Beauregard's movements? Has Beauregard himself or any part of his army left for Virginia? If so, when did they leave Corinth? In the present state of affairs here information on this subject is of the utmost importance. Please answer immediately.

By order of Secretary of War:

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

