
You will therefore immediately put your Engineer Regiment and such railroad officers and men as you may have on that duty, opening the road as rapidly as possible to Tuscumbia, to which point a force will be sent from Pittsburg. Send with them a sufficient force to supply guards for working parties. Supplies can be landed, as they advance, at Tyler's, Eastport, &amp;c.

I shall immediately order working parties on the road toward Humboldt.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, May 31, 1862.

General HALLECK,Headquarters:

My engineer has examined the lines of the enemy in my front 2 1/2 miles north of Corinth and extending across the railroad on both sides of it, and I have had a party of cavalry out on the Memphis Railroad 5 miles to Young's Station, and around to Sam. Chambers', on the Mobile and Ohio road. Enemy's cavalry pickets were not relieved, but on learning that Corinth was evacuated they scattered, each on his own hook. To-morrow will send you a sketch of the country lying in that angle of the railroad.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

BUELL'S HEADQUARTERS, May 31, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

By order of General Pope I took my brigade to Booneville, on Mobile and Ohio Railroad, yesterday, at 5 a.m.; destroyed as much of the track and as many switches as I could and one small culvert; burned a large amount of commissary and quartermaster stores, three pieces of artillery; took about 30 mounted prisoners and about 600 infantry. Could not feed or bring in the latter. General Pope has left, and I cannot get any one to-night who can show me the road to his camp. I will go in the morning. At Booneville the enemy has about 2,500 sick.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,

No. 30. Camp before Corinth, May 31, 1862.

The general commanding Fifth Division, right wing, takes this occasion to express to the officers and men of this command his great satisfaction with them for the courage, steadiness, and great industry displayed by them during the past month. Since leaving our memorable camp at Shiloh we have occupied and strongly intrenched seven distinct camps in a manner to excite the admiration and highest commendation of General Halleck. The division has occupied the right flank of the Grand Army, thereby being more exposed and calling for more hard work and larger guard details than from any other single division, and the commanding general reports that his officers and men have promptly

