HEADQUARTERS, June 1, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Locomotives and cars at Paducah ordered to be shipped to Florence. Hand cars ordered to be sent here. I am informed that no ferry-boat could be taken over Muscle Shoals above Florence. One might be found or constructed in Upper Tennessee, near Decatur.

Road should be repaired as soon as possible from Columbia to Decatur. If General Mitchel can cross a locomotive and train at Decatur, it would very much facilitate our operations. I am daily expecting a railroad agent here from War Department to direct these matters. He was to report by 1st instant [to-day] without fail.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Corinth, June 1, 1862.

General HALLECK:

If not a good ferry-boat, at least a light-draught steamer can pass the shoals, which would be better than anything that can be made there. Such a steamer, used in connection with a couple of barges, would make a very efficient ferry.

The work from Columbia will be heavy. The bridges over Duck and Elk Rivers are some 600 feet long, besides several other considerable ones.

I have inquired of General Mitchel whether the Chattanooga road cannot be put in order with less labor.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Corinth, June 1, 1862.

General HALLECK:

My Engineer Regiment started this morning to commence work on the bridges near Corinth.

General Wood's division marches to-morrow morning. One brigade of it will halt, to furnish working parties and guards at the first bridges. The other two brigades will proceed at once to Bear Creek, to commence work there. It will take some time to bridge at Decatur, and an efficient ferry would perhaps answer every purpose.

A commodious light-draught ferry-boat ought to be sent up at once.

I have telegraphed General Mitchel to know whether he cannot transfer rolling stock across to Decatur.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In Camp, June 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General WOOD,Commanding Sixth Division:

In compliance with orders from General Halleck, the Memphis and Charleston Railroad from Corinth to Decatur is to be put in order by the troops of this command.

Your division is assigned to the duty and will march to-morrow morning,

