HEADQUARTERS, Danville Road, June 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

It is certain now that the point selected to unite all Beauregard's forces was Baldwyn, 30 miles from Corinth, on Mobile and Ohio Railroad. A considerable force and supplies were assembled there on the 29th, but when Elliott destroyed the track and burned the cars at Booneville they retreated south, first destroying the stores collected there. All the roads on which enemy retreated from Corinth center at Baldwyn. I have several deserters who left there yesterday. The troops were passing through in great confusion and disorder; scattered parties of 40 and 50 together were scattered through the woods, making their way south.

JNumbers POPE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 1, 1862.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Your note and diagrams just received.* Hamilton moves forward early in the morning. I need not urge you to be careful about attacking until support is near. Send back early in the morning some orderlies as far as Danville, to point out the road to Hamilton and one to report to me for the same purpose. I will be up some time to-morrow. Forward to me reports from the cavalry as soon as you receive them.

Respectfully,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 1, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

If there is to be much delay in getting the cavalry across Tuscumbia River, try and cross a part of your infantry and feel forward to Booneville.

JNO. POPE,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, On Danville Road, June 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS, U. S. A.:

As soon as you can get one division of your command across advance light, with two days' rations, as far as Booneville, should the cavalry which precedes you find any considerable force there. I have ordered General Granger to cross as soon as possible with two cavalry regiments and a battery and pursue the enemy to Booneville.

Hold your command in readiness, so that as soon as he reports any

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

