
upon your attention, I trust I will be indulged in bringing to your notice a matter somewhat personal to myself.

Since your reorganization of the forces of this department my position in the Army of the Tennessee has been one of actual inferiority, if not practical subordination, to that of other officers inferior to me in rank. A striking proof of this fact is to be found in the comparative smallness of my command, in its detached and separated condition, and its practical negation in the miscellaneous duties required of it of any distinctive character.

Although next in rank to the immediate commander of the Army of the Tennessee, my command consists of only a portion of two small divisions, while that of a junior officer in the same verity might be adduced, but I forbear to dwell upon them, out of regard for your valuable time and from a sense of personal humiliation in recounting them.

Although not educated to the profession of arms, yet, having seen some service in the field in early life, I have seen still more recently, and trust that I have not proved myself unequal to others who, claiming the advantage of such an education, shared common trials with me in the progress of the war, or that I am unequal to them in public estimation of individual character or capability.

Entering the field with a commission spontaneously offered by the President, I brought with me a brigade, chiefly raised, armed, and equipped through my own personal efforts and influence. Since that period I have been unceasingly on duty, and have participated in the successive and successful battles on the Mississippi, the Tennessee, and the Cumberland Rivers.

I have hastily recalled these incidents in no spirit of egoism or vainglory, but in justice to the humble part I have borne in the present unhappy drama and what I deem to be the rights and dignity of my rank. On the other hand, if an inferior rank had been assigned to me by those whose prerogative it is to dispense rank, having decided to accept it, I would have cordially submitted to all of its conditions and consequences. In that case not a murmur would have been heard from me.

Animated by no other feelings than high regard and profound respect for you, both personally and officially, I hope you will receive this communication in that spirit of kindness, generosity, and forbearance which it is intended to evoke, and which, I trust, is due its frankness, sincerity, and the justice of the case it presents.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 57. June 1, 1862.

In consequence of the large additions recently made to this army, the following organization is necessary, and is announced for the information and action of the command:

The division of Paine and Stanley will form the right wing, to be commanded by Brig. Gen. W. S. Rosecrans.

The divisions of Sherman and Davies will form the center, to be commanded by Brig. Gen. T. W. Sherman.

16 R R-VOL X, PT II

