
The divisions of Plummer and J. C. Davis will form the left wing, to be commanded by Brig. Gen. Schuyler Hamilton. The division of General Asboth is detached from General Davis', and will form the reserve, reporting directly to these headquarters.

The two regiments now under command of Col. W. P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois, will form part of the division of General Davis, to be re-enforced by two other regiments to be hereafter designated.

The whole cavalry force of this army will be massed unter the command of Brig. Gen. G. Granger, and all cavalry now serving with the divisions which have recently joined will at once report to General Granger.

Upon application of the commanders of the wings, center, and reserve, a sufficient number of mounted orderlies will be detailed for their use and for that of division and brigade commanders.

The following is announced as the staff of the major-general commanding this army:

Major Speed Butler, assistant adjutant-general.

Major C. A. Morgan, aide-de-camp.

Capt. Louis H. Marshall, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant-Colonel Kennett, inspector-general.

Capt. J. W. Taylor, assistant quartermaster.

Capt. J. A. Swaine, assistant commissary of subsistence.

Lieutenant. J. W. Mott, acting assistant quartermaster.

Lieutenant A. Jackson, ordnance officer.

As heretofore directed, the commanders of wings, center, reserve, and cavalry will report in person to the major-general commanding at 9 o'clock every morning, when their positions will enable them to do so; their adjutants-general, chief quartermasters, and chief commissaries to the chiefs of their departments respectively at these headquarters.

Copies of all general orders heretofore issued for the interior discipline and police of the army will be furnished to commanders of wings, center, reserve, and cavalry, and by them published to their respective commands.

The returns of troops required in general orders will be addressed to the inspector-general at these headquarters.

The battery of artillery now serving with the force under Colonel Carlin will report to General Asboth for duty.

By order of Major-General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

Your brilliant and successful achievement gives great joy over the whole land. Every one is anxious to hear the latest news, and I hope you will telegraph frequently. The President would be glad to have the news every hour. You can manage your railroad transportation better than it can be done from here. If you will detail an officer from the quartermaster's department, supplies will be furnished upon his requisition. I find this mode better than any railroad agencies. General McClellan was attacked yesterday; had a hard battle, but drove the enemy back. He is not yet in Richmond, but we hope he soon will be.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

