
WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

Your telegram to Mr. Scott, late Assistant Secretary, in respect to locomotives and cars, has been shown me. This day I telegraphed you that you might assign a quartermaster to that duty. I think you can manage it with more energy and more to your satisfaction under your own direction than it can be done here, and without the evils that have attended special agencies. The Quartermaster-General has instructions to answer all requisitions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

On receiving your dispatch inquiring about locomotives and cars I proceeded to ascertain where the supplies are and how they can soonest be made available, and find that General Mitchel has 16 engines and 130 cars, which can be run by rail to Tennessee River at Decatur, and there, by making an inclined way winding down the bank of the river, be run on board a flat-boat to be ferried across to the opposite bank, there to be run up another winding way to the level of the main track, whence there will be a clear course to Corinth by rebuilding two or three very small bridges. This can all be accomplished in the course of three days under the direction of an energetic man. This is supposed to be the most speedy and certain mode of getting a supply of rolling stock to Corinth. At Nashville, Tenn., there are 9 engines and 50 cars of all kinds, and on Louisville and Nashville Railroad 7 engines and 184 box cars, the property of the Government. Between Nashville and Florence six bridges are destroyed, one of which [that over Elk River] is high and long, and it will require at least two weeks to rebuild them. Rolling stock for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad can be taken from Louisville, Ky., to Columbus, Ky., the northern terminus of that road. Any aid that this Department can render in supplying you with rolling stock or rebuilding bridges will be afforded promptly.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, June 2, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

All the rivermen say no steamer we have can possibly run over the shoals. Order one above, as a ferry for Decatur, and have a ferry constructed at that place.

A telegraph party will immediately proceed on the Decatur road. Send any division you prefer toward Decatur, but hold the others near Corinth at least for a day or two. A short time will determine our future operations, but no time should be lost in re-establishing our connection with Mitchel.

Information to-night indicates a large marauding force south of Purdy.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.

