HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 2, 1862.

Brig. Gen. W. S. ROSECRANS,Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, inclosing one from General Granger, stating that the enemy is posted in force 2 miles this side of Baldwyn, has just reached me. If you require Hamilton's assistance, notify him to move forward. Send me word when you do so, that I may advance Sherman and Davies to Rienzi and Danville to occupy his present position. I have sent to have rations for ten days taken forward for Paine's division.

So soon as you have cleaned the enemy out of Baldwyn return with your command to this camp, first destroying all stores, supplies, &amp;c. Keep your flanks well covered by cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Danville, June 2, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

I do not wish the pursuit of the enemy to be pushed beyond Baldwyn. Should your cavalry ascertain that the enemy has retired from that place [unless you receive undoubted information that large bodies are on the east or west of the railroad and in rear of Baldwyn] you will return to this camp with your force. So soon as you decide to return notify General Hamilton, who will at once retrace his steps also.

Send all the cavalry back by different roads, and scour the country on both sides of the railroad to their camps as soon as they have pushed forward beyond Baldwyn far enough to know, if possible, where the enemy really is.

Under no circumstances advance beyond Baldwyn until you are certain that your flanks and rear are secure. I do not know of any state of affairs which would make a farther advance beyond Baldwyn necessary. As soon as you can ascertain that the enemy has left the place, which you can do by pushing on your cavalry, you will retrace your steps to this camp.

It is reported to me, on what Colonel Elliott seems to consider good authority, that when he destroyed the railroad at Booneville fifteen locomotives and trains were intercepted between that point and Corinth. I can hardly believe it, but perhaps you had best, as you return, have the track examined between Booneville and Rienzi. I have directed Hamilton to do same between Rienzi and this crossing.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 2, 1862.

Brig. General SCHUYLER HAMILTON,

Commanding Left Wing, Rienzi:

GENERAL: I have instructed General Rosecrans to push forward as far as Baldwyn, but to continue the pursuit no farther. As soon as he

