
ascertains that the enemy has retired from Baldwyn he is ordered to return forthwith to this camp with his whole command. He is also instructed to notify you as soon as he is ready to return, and you will, as soon as you receive the notification from him, retrace your steps to this camp with your command. It is reported to me, on what Colonel Elliott seems to consider good authority, that fifteen locomotives and as many trains were intercepted by the destruction of the railroad at Booneville. I can hardly suppose this to be true, but you had best have the track of the railroad examined between Rienzi and this place as you return. I have requested General Rosecrans to examine it between Rienzi and Booneville.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, June 2, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND:

Major-General Wallace's division will march, via Purdy, in the direction of Bolivar, sending forward cavalry to take and hold, if possible, the railroad bridge across the Hatchie River.

A regiment will be detached near Bethel to repair the railroad in the direction of Jackson.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, In the Field, near Corinth, Miss., June 2, 1862.

Major-General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General McClernand directs me to say that since receiving the order from general headquarters, on which his order for you to march was based, he has had a personal interview with General Halleck, and that you will take with your command all that properly belongs to it. He also directs me to say that he understands it to be the meaning of the order from general headquarters that your infantry and artillery, saving the regiment to be left at Bethel, shall follow your cavalry to the railroad bridge across the Hatchie near Bolivar, and that if you should find it impracticable to obtain sufficient supplies of provisions and forage from Pittsburgh or any other landings on the Tennessee River, you will supply the deficiency by drawing them from the district in which you may be, furnishing the proper vouchers for the same to all persons whose freedom from criminal complicity in the rebellion entitles them to receive them. In all cases, however, avoid leaving the inhabitants destitute.

General Halleck suggested that he may determine to have commissary and quartermasters' stores landed at Crump's Landing, in order to shorten the distance of land transportation to your advancing column. In case this arrangement is made I will immediately notify you of the fact.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

