SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,No. 98. In Field, near Corinth, June 2, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

2. Brig. Gen. J. B. S. Todd, having reported for duty in the Army Corps of the Tennessee, is hereby assigned to the command of the Sixth Division of the same, and will relieve Brig. Gen. T. J. McKean.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Major-General U. S. Grant:

[JNumbers A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862-6 p.m.

Major-General MITCHEL, Huntsville, Ala.:

Your telegram of the 31st has just been received. The movements from Corinth would have been notified to you from here, but supposed you would receive immediate notice from General Halleck. Our accounts are that the rebels are retreating from Corinth south to Okolona, in Alabama, chased by Pope with 50,000 men.

General McClellan was attacked before Richmond on Saturday afternoon, but the enemy were repulsed after a hard battle yesterday. He is now within 4 miles of Richmond, and we hope that he will occupy it some time this week. There may be another contest, although some think the enemy will fall back without another fight. Banks was driven last week from Winchester by Jackson, who has since retreated on the approach of Fremont and McDowell. I will hereafter keep you advised of all the movements in the field.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp near Corinth, June 3, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND,Commanding Reserve Corps:

You will to-morrow move forward your former division in the direction of Bolivar. A telegraph office will be immediately established at the crossing of the railroad at or near Bethel, by which you can communicate with headquarters at Corinth. Every effort will be made to establish a depot on the railroad in your line of operations. Move forward cautiously, and do not outstrip your supplies. Also detach working parties to repair railroad where necessary, so as to facilitate your supplies. Seize such bridges and important points as may be within your reach. Probably McKean's division will be added to your command, but you must not rely upon this, as circumstances may require that division to move to the left.

Take every precaution against surprises and movements of the enemy on your flank, and keep me constantly advised of your movements and the position and wants of your troops.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

