
CAMP NEAR CORINTH, June 3, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

Push on your forces to Baldwyn and ascertain position and force of the enemy. Keep me advised.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

NEAR DANVILLE, June 3, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The two divisions in the advance, under Rosecrans, are slowly and cautiously advancing on Baldwyn this morning, with the cavalry on both flanks. Hamilton, with two divisions, is at Rienzi and between there and Booneville, ready to move forward should they be needed. One brigade from their reserve occupies Danville. Rosecrans reports this morning that all testimony shows that the enemy has retreated from Baldwyn, but he is advancing cautiously. The roads for miles are full of stragglers from the enemy, who are coming in in squads. Not less than 10,000 men are thus scattered about, who will come in within a day or two.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 3, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

Press the enemy at least as far as Baldwyn. Call up your whole force, if you deem it necessary. If you require more, let me know, and I will advance the whole army, if necessary.

Urge the pursuit at least as far as Baldwyn, and farther if you find it desirable or practicable. Baldwyn is on the Mobile and Ohio road, about 10 miles beyond Booneville.

The various roads upon which the enemy retreated from Corinth unite at that point, and you may find a heavy force there. My impression is that you had best call up your Second Division. Keep me advised.

Respectfully,JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 3, 1862.

General ROSECRANS:

General Hamilton has sent me your orders to him to move forward, from which I infer that you expect an action. You have not advised me, nor have I heard from you to-day. So soon as you receive this note dispatch a courier to me with all speed, giving me in detail the condition of affairs in front. If the enemy be in force at Baldwyn, you ought, I think, to know it by this time.

I desire, if it be necessary, to move forward the divisions of Sherman and Davies, but you do not keep me advised, and I am in the dark as

