
shall soon fight a great battle on the Tennessee unsupported, as it seems, but if successful it will settle the campaign in the West.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

FORT HENRY, March 10, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Third Iowa Infantry just arrived. Effective strength, 676. Ordered to join General Smith. Advance of expedition started last evening.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

FORT HENRY, March 10, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

To-morrow is the day when all persons of proper age are to be enrolled in this State in the rebel army. Troops are now in Paris to enforce the order of Governor Harris. I am concentrating the small force under my command on the west bank of the river, to defeat their object as far as lays in my power.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, March 10, 1862.

General BUELL:

Any suggestion that General Buell may think proper to make in regard to the time or manner of my reaching Nashville will be thankfully received. I hope you have consulted with our Union friends. Answer to Louisville. I will be there to-morrow.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

NASHVILLE, March 10, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

My advanced division is at Columbia. The heavy rains and the destruction of bridges by the enemy will of course retard our progress somewhat. I am told the communication with Island Numbers 10 is kept up across the bend of the river, only 3 miles over. Am without money; are both in credit and efficiency suffering in consequence.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 10, 1862-11 a.m.

General D. C. BUELL, Nashville:

My forces are moving up the Tennessee as rapidly as we can obtain transportation. Florence was the point originally designated, but on account of enemy's forces at Corinth and Humboldt it is deemed best to land at Savannah and establish depot. The transports will serve as ferries. The selection is left to C. F. Smith, who commands the advance.

