
to your movements. If you find the enemy in force at or near Baldwyn, it will be easy to move forward the whole force I have here.

You have not acknowledged the receipt of my dispatches instructing you to go no farther than Baldwyn, but as soon as you have driven the enemy from that place to return forthwith to this camp. Lest you have not received them, I here repeat the order.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Danville, June 3, 1862-8 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Rosecrans, at 3 p.m., was near Baldwyn.

I gather from his dispatch, part of which he failed by mistake to send, that the enemy is posted in force at Baldwyn. His dispatch, from the omission mentioned, is not clear, so as to leave me in doubt whether this is so or the place abandoned.

Polk is at Okolona, it is said, with 35,000 men. I can advance to Baldwyn with my whole force and attack if you think best, though from the difficulty of hauling supplies I cannot remain there. The bridges are destroyed, and the roads must be made through several swamps.

Please advise me of your wishes, as I have made every preparation to advance in the morning. I shall hear further from Rosecrans before morning. He has full 30,000 men now with him.

JNO. POPE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 3, 1862-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Right Wing, beyond Booneville:

GENERAL: I have just received your note, dated 3,35 p.m.* You say you send me a dispatch just received from Granger. No such dispatch is inclosed in your note. I am altogether in the dark about the condition of affairs in front of you, and must have information before furnish it.

Provisions for you went forward last night; also forage.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Camp near Corinth, June 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General NELSON,Commanding Fourth Division:

General Buell directs that you take up the line of march with your division complete and entire to-morrow morning, and, unless otherwise

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

