
directed, move to the Bear Creek Bridge, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. General Wood's division has preceded you on that route and has partially repaired the wagon road.

It will be necessary for you to send in advance of your column a strong pioneer party, not less than a regiment, to put the road in good order.

General Wood is directed to leave Bear Creek when you approach it [going on toward Decatur], and you will promptly furnish such working details as may be called for by Brigadier-General W. S. Smith, in charge of railroad repairs.

Boats, with rations and forage, will be ordered to Eastport, within about 7 miles of Bear Creek Bridge.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In Camp, June 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General WOOD,Commanding Sixth Division:

General Nelson's division is ordered to follow you to-morrow morning. As soon as he approaches Bear Creek, probably day after to morrow [the 5th], you will move forward toward Decatur, leaving a brigade to work at the Bear Creek Bridge until relieved by the arrival of General Nelson, if he is not in position to detail working parties when you move. In your advance beyond Bear Creek you will repair the wagon road and railroad, and will post a brigade at Tuscumbia, pushing the remainder of your force forward to Decatur. Any of your command left at Bear Creek will of course be called forward by you as soon as General Nelson reaches that point.

The Engineer Regiment will be divided for work along the railroad, and you are at all times expected to furnish details on application from General Smith. Another battalion of cavalry will be ordered to join you. Boats, with rations and forage, will be sent to Eastport and Tuscumbia as soon as practicable and before the 10th, to which time you are rationed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HALLECK'S HEADQUARTERS, June 4, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of the 1st is just received. A delay of three days not accounted for. Assistant Secretary Scott had some time ago assured me that locomotives and cars would be at Columbus by the 1st. I was greatly disappointed on learning that nothing had been done, but the delay would only be for a few days. Sixty of the one hundred Government cars at Saint Louis are being altered to the Southern gauge. Forty will be sent to Columbus and twenty here. I have ordered two

