
locomotives from Louisville to Columbus, and also the transfer of all at Bird's Point. Three of the captured locomotives have been repaired and I hope to have two or three more in running order to-morrow. Freight and passenger cars have been turned, but I think we can use many of the trucks and can construct new cars. A division of General Buell's army is rapidly repairing the road to Decatur, and I hope to get some of the cars and locomotives across the river. Everything is progressing favorably.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR DANVILLE, June 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Express just in from General Rosecrans. He thinks whole army of enemy is at Baldwyn, and asks to have his right supported by advancing Thomas' command toward Blackland, within supporting distance. It is certain that there is a very heavy force of enemy in front of Rosecrans; much too heavy for him to engage. He has taken up defensive position, and evidently apprehends the probability of attack. I do not think this likely, but if you design to attack, it will be well to advance both Buell and Thomas. I shall advance with my whole force in the morning, unless I am otherwise ordered. Please advise me to night what you propose, that I may give Rosecrans his orders.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR CORINTH, June 4, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

The main object now is to get the enemy for enough south to relieve our railroads from danger of an immediate attack. There is no object in bringing on a battle if this object can be obtained without one. I think by showing a bold front for a day or two the enemy will continue his retreat, which is all I desire.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 4, 1862-2 a.m.

General ROSECRANS,Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: Troops are advancing to your support, and will be up tomorrow, with Sherman and Davies. Buell will advance two divisions. We surely are sufficient for any enemy in front.

Examine the position carefully, and assure yourself of the enemy's force and the best means to get to him. I will be with you by 2 p.m.

Respectfully,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

