
that General Pope expects an engagement to-day, I adhere to my first purpose. I would cheerfully waive all authority or credit on arrangements previously made by my junior to meet emergency, but a continued advance under his direction, while I was present there with an inferior force only intended for his support, would place me in a position which I have no idea you desire me to occupy.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR CORINTH, June 4, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Of course I expect you to take command according to your rank on reaching the field, if there should be any necessity to exercise it. I direct General Pope to transfer to your column immediately on its arrival the divisions of T. W. Sherman and Davies, and if things look very serious I will send McCook's also and a part of Grant's forces. These will constitute your immediate command, but your rank will give you the general direction of General Pope's forces whenever you deem it necessary to exercise it. A telegraph office is already at General Pope's headquarters, and you can telegraph to me hourly. I shall also join you if it shall appear at all necessary. An orderly who has been four times over the road has been sent you instead of Lieutenant Worth. The road is very plain and cannot be mistaken.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp near Corinth, June 4, 1862-6.15 p.m.

Major-General BUELL,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your pencil note by an orderly is this moment received. I ordered a telegraph office to be opened on Mobile Railroad, and as I have been receiving many telegrams from General Pope, supposed it had been carried out. The pressing importance of opening telegraph and railroad to Columbus has caused the detachment of all telegraph men north.

A telegram just received from General Pope indicates that the enemy is making a stand near Baldwyn merely to cover his retreat. I have no intention to pursue him beyond that place, and merely wish to hurry on his retreat to Okolona. A demonstration in our front will probably be sufficient to accomplish that object without risking any battle. I leave the matter to your best judgment after you consult with General Pope.

The repair of the railroads is now the great object to be attended to, after getting the enemy at sufficient distance, so that he cannot cut our lines.

Yours, in haste,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

