HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp near Corinth, June 4, 1862.

Major-General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your pencil note and sketch by the orderly are just received.

Before moving you forward to Memphis we must establish a depot at Corinth, and get some more locomotives and cars on the road, and repair it to the Hatchie River. Moreover, we must first force the enemy's retreat farther south. Information received yesterday led to the belief that he was leaving Baldwyn, which was as far as we intended to follow; but late last night Pope thought he was preparing either to make a stand at that place or to turn back on our advance guard and attack Rosecrans and Hamilton. Pope this morning moved the remainder of his forces to their assistance, and I send forward two of Buell's divisions by force marches to re--enforce him. Possibly I may be obliged to push forward yours and Hurlbut's also. To-day will probably determine what the enemy intends doing. In the mean time I hold forces should be required south, we will then prepare for the movement of your command west. Get all the information you can of the roads, bridges, supplies, especially forage, between here and Memphis.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Booneville, June 4, 1862-6.50 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Enemy developed in considerable force in the direct road to Baldwyn, on the road to Blackland and between, with infantry and artillery posted. As you desired the divisions of Davies and T. W. Sherman to join Buell, I have left them both at Rienzi, through which place he will pass.

As soon as I learn that you have ordered Buell forward to Blackland I will advance and force the passage of Twenty Mile Creek.

From Corinth to Baldwyn by wagon road is 41 miles. The enemy made no resistance until we reached Twenty Mile Creek.

JNO. POPE,Major-General, Commanding.

BOONEVILLE, June 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Just arrived here. Rosecrans and Smith are positive that the whole army of the enemy is posted behind Twenty Mile Creek, which crosses the railroad 4 miles north of Baldwyn. The creek is very difficult, with wild swamp on both sides; the creek runs toward the east. About 8 miles west of Baldwyn is Blackland, from which there are direct roads to Booneville, 7 miles; to Rienzi, 13 miles; to Kossuth, 17 miles. A great deal of open country around Blackland and on the roads leading

