HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Booneville, June 5, 1862.

Brig. Gen. THOMAS W. SHERMAN:

It is my purpose to move upon the enemy through Blackland as follows: Two divisions from Booneville, two divisions from a point half way between Booneville and Rienzi, by what is known as Smith's road, and your two divisions by the road from Rienzi.

The movement of these three columns will be begun this afternoon at 4 o'clock, so that all the divisions will bivouac to-night within 5 miles of Blackland. This will necessitate an advance toward that place of at least 6 miles by your command this evening. I send you a sketch of the country. You will bivouac near the point marked "Smith's." Rosecrans will rest a little in advance of you at the forks of the road to Kossuth. At early daylight you will move forward with your command to Blackland in fighting order. Your future movements and position will there be designated.

I will send you two companies of cavalry, with an officer who has been on the road. Throw forward these companies in advance, so as to cover your movement. They will rest at least a mile in your front, with their pickets well thrown out, so as to prevent any reconnaissance of your line. Caution them that General Rosecrans is in front on the left. You will take two days' cooked rations in haversacks, your ammunition wagons, and ambulances.

Send back your train immediately to bring up without delay three days' more rations to you, but not a particle of baggage of any kind. This supply will be ordered to follow you through Rienzi to Blackland.

Organize at least 100 pioneers to a brigade, to precede each division, with axes and spades, to put the road in order. Buell with advance two divisions to-morrow morning to Rienzi. Colonel Carlin will advance from Danville to Smith's.

Keep up your communication with the column of Rosecrans, which I shall accompany.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHEWALLA, June 5, 1862.

Generals HALLECK or THOMAS, Corinth:

Wires up. Have just returned from bridge over Tuscumbia, on the Kossuth road. It was burned. The enemy-four regiments-crossed on Friday in the direction of Oxford and Grenada. Have sent two men to Pocahontas. Busy in saving material of locomotives and cars. Have ordered forward all my camp equipage. This position very good for watching the west and southwest roads, with the State-line road back of Monterey. My distance to our steamboat landing at Pittsburg not much greater than from Corinth. General Hurlbut about 4 miles to my rear, watching Smith's Bridge. No enemy in this neighborhood since last Friday.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

