
In two more days I hope to have Cypress Creek Bridge [railroad], with the track from Corinth to Tuscumbia Creek, in good order. I will then want the general's specific orders whether to direct my attention to the railroad or dirt road. They are different, and cannot be made to use bridges in common.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR BETHEL, TENN., June 5, 1862.

Major-General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from General Halleck, directing me not to advance my command any farther, as it may be necessary to march it south, in order to support Buell and Pope. You will therefore cease advancing your division until further orders. The First Division is now about 2 miles from Bethel, and would have reached there to-night but for General Halleck's order. Both brigade and supply trains of the First Division are from 6 to 9 miles behind [4.15 o'clock p.m.]; hence it will be impossible to supply you with rations by using them. I will start a drove of fifty head of beeves to you immediately. Send your wagons back for all that you may need as rapidly as you can make them available.

The First Division is pressed by the same necessities as yourself. The enemy came out and attacked McClellan on the 1st instant, and was driven back by him. He had not at that date taken the city.

Yours, &c.,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, June 5, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Your dispatch received and will be immediately attended to. There are many refugees from the Confederate Army all through this part of the State. Large numbers of them are coming forward, volunteering, and renewing their allegiance, and seem gratified at the opportunity of doing so. There is a great reaction taking place here in favor of the Union and the restoration of the State. If poor East Tennessee could be relieved it would produce a thrill throughout the nation; they are being treated worse than the beasts of the forest, and are appealing to the Government for protection. God grant that it may be in your power ere long to extend it to them. If there could have been more forces left in the middle part of the State it would have convinced the rebels that there was no chance of a successful rising up, and by this time the disunionists would have been put completely down, and the forces could have entered East Tennessee by way of Chattanooga, while General Morgan would have entered by way of Cumberland Gap, and the whole army in East Tennessee would have been bagged and the people relieved. God grant that your efforts in the noble work in which you are engaged may be crowned with success and the hearts of the people made glad.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

