
NASHVILLE, June 5, 1862.

Col. J. B. FRY:

Telegram received. The stock of quartermaster's supplies on hand here is not large. I will have everything under my control in order as soon as possible to furnish supplies from here. I will have to draw from Louisville, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis. The necessary preparation for filling my requisition can be made at these places without attracting attention. I have to request that the quartermasters at these places may be directed to be prepared to fill all my requisitions promptly. Colonel Swords does not send me half enough forage. I am buying all I can here.

J. D. BINGHAM,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., June 5, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Many cases of extreme illness are constantly occurring amongst the troops under my command from the fact that I am not authorized to grant leaves of absence or certificates of disability regularly approved by all the surgeons and the medical directors. All officers of the army are excluded from purchasing cotton.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Corinth:

I have a dispatch from Colonel Ellet, commander of the ram fleet at Fort Pillow, dated at that place yesterday. He informs me that he has been there a considerable time, has made repeated applications to Captain Davis, commander of the gunboats, for leave to attack the enemy's fleet, but has been uniformly refused. Captain Davis not only refuses to join Mr. Ellet or give him the protection of a single gunboat, but also refuses to allow Ellet to attack on his own hook, nor will he allow any of his force to volunteer with Ellet. I regret the President would not place the fleet under your command. Ellet, however, made one demonstration, but the rebels slipped anchor and escaped. He says the strength of the rebel batteries is greatly overrated. He declares his intention to go on without the gunboats.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISS.,

No. 89. Corinth, Miss., June 5, 1862.

I. Major-General Thomas is placed in temporary command of Corinth and its vicinity, which will be garrisoned by the divisions of McCook and Todd. He will report direct to these headquarters, but the commanders of divisions will report, as usual, to the commanders of their army corps.

II. A daily detail of 500 men will be made from each division to put

