
on a road from Rienzi to Blackland, at which point the advanced guard of the enemy's left is understood to rest.

The road from Kossuth south comes into the road just mentioned near Dick Smith's. My troops, at least three divisions of them, will move on the Rienzi and Blackland road and form on Pope's right. Their right will rest about at Dick Smith's, which is about 5 miles from Blackland. This position will enable us to advance, without meeting any serious obstacles, against the enemy's left.

It will have occurred to you, no doubt, that the bridges on the road to Kossuth ought to be repaired as promptly as possible. I have ordered a regiment to work on the railroad bridge over Tuscumbia Creek.

I shall not run any improper risk. I do not hear anything positive in regard to Polk's force, which was said to have gone toward Ripley. Perhaps you know. If he is on our right, of course he ought to be observed.

Your dispatch of this morning received. The negro who came in yesterday says he heard an officer of Beauregard's staff say that troops were to be sent to Chattanooga under Breckinridge.

D. C. BUELL.

CORINTH, June 6, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Your telegraph received. A negro just arrived at Sherman's, Chewalla, says there are 15,000 rebels at Grand Junction, destroying bridges and breaking up the roads; probably Polk's command. Locomotives and cars en route to Florence; have directed General Wood to send force to protect their landing. As soon as Bear Creek Bridge is repaired we can open communication with Michel if the enemy should be re-enforce at Chattanooga. I am repairing bridges as rapidly as possible. Sherman will be prepared to open the road by Kossuth; it will take time to do it.

Delay in making an attack will favor us more than it can the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 6, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

If confident that the enemy is retiring, you are authorized to assume command and make the attack; but, as the remainder of the army is distant and otherwise occupied, I desire that no risk be run.

I am satisfied that the enemy will retreat in a day or two, which will satisfy us about as well as if he were defeated in a battle.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.

CORINTH, June 6, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Put the prisoners in camp and detach some officers to take command of them. I will make other dispositions as soon as possible. I am informed that Wood's division has done little or nothing toward the repairing of Bear Creek Bridge, the Engineer Regiment being kept on

