
picket duty. This is all wrong; his whole force not required in defense should work with all possible energy to open our communication with Mitchel, so that you can meet Breckinridge with superior numbers, as he has gone to Chattanooga.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVES, Camp Bethel, June 6, 1862.

Major-General LEW. WALLACE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A brigade of infantry, three companies of cavalry, and four pieces of artillery, of the First Division, will move by daydawn to-morrow toward Jackson. I advise you of the fact, that force and yours may mutually afford each other support, if it should become necessary. I have reported to Major-General Halleck, upon what I understand to be the import of your reports and other information, that both the Bolivar and railroad bridges are intact. You can increase your rations of fresh beef until you can obtain adequate supplies of other food from the river or the depot proposed to be established by General Halleck at this place. I can supply you with beef cattle, from time to time, upon notice of your wants, so long as I remain here. Have the fifty head cattle I started yesterday evening reached you?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, June 6, 1862.

General BUELL:

I fear no steamer can be taken over the shoals. Will establish a ferry as early as possible. Do I understand that your troops occupy the line from Tuscumbia to Decatur, and that I am at liberty to withdraw my troops posted at Lamb's Ferry and Bainbridge? They are greatly needed on the line of the Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad, where we are constantly threatened at all points.

We have again driven the enemy out of Winchester, and are pursuing him to Jasper, and hope to drive him into the river, but fear he will escape, as heretofore. He has neither front, flanks, nor rear; no line of communication to cut.

My command is very strong and in admirable condition for a fight if any enemy could be found.

Colonel Sill occupies Stevenson with a supporting column.

My railroad train to Stevenson was fired into yesterday by a band, who immediately fled, and not one of them could be found, though the roads were scoured for a long time. We lost 2 men killed and 11 wounded.

I have ordered that the horses for my cavalry shall be taken and receipt for in Jackson County, in which all the murderous attacks have been made.

O. M. MITCHELL,

Major-General.

