
I am obliged to return every night for the purpose of protecting my camp. Re-enforcements would allow me to scout in such a manner that I could remain out for three or four days.

The guerrilla operations here are all after night. In daylight they are all in the bushes, and they are so thick that you cannot penetrate them on horseback. Give me the re-enforcements and carbines I ask for and this region will soon be quit of guerrillas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVES, Camp Bethel, June 7, 1862.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK, Corinth:

A courier has just arrived, with a report from Colonel Marsh, commanding the expedition to Jackson, informing me, through General Logan, that he has marched 20 miles to-day; will be in Jackson to-morrow, and that he learns that 800 rebel cavalry were in Jackson yesterday. If he can meet them he will capture or disperse them. Although in absolute need of cavalry for escorts for trains, scouting, accompanying expeditions, and picket duty, an order from General Grant is understood to be impending recalling three companies of Dickey's Illinois Cavalry in exchange for two small companies of German Cavalry badly armed. Pardon me for repeating that I need more cavalry.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,Major-General, Commanding.

BOONEVILLE, June 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Do you not think that there is some danger that Beuaregard is throwing all his forces into Virginia, and that they may get there before we know it? We can learn nothing of the movements of his force behind the strong pickets in front of us unless we attack them in strong force. I have sent a very enterprising officer, with a cavalry force, to pass around the left of the forces in front of us, at least 5 miles outside of their extreme pickets, and to penetrate near enough to the railroad, at or below Guntown, to see what is going on. I have also sent spies far around for the same purpose. I cannot of course tell what success they will meet with. There will be no attack or forward movement from here, as matters now stand, unless you send orders. I think a visit of a day or two from you would be desirable.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 7, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

We have neither tools nor mechanics to supply. By collecting the tools and mechanics in your army the Tuscumbia railroad bridge can be built without delay. Piers of crib work can be build with logs, and timber laid from one to another. We are doing this in other places.

