
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

No. 33. Camp Chewalla, June 7, 1862.

The general commanding thinks he observes on the part of officers and men a partial relaxation of that activity and vigilance which characterized his command on the march to Corinth. The enemy's army has fled away and there is no seeming danger present; but this may not be the real truth, and we must always act on the supposition that the enemy will do his worst, and that he will take advantage of every chance we give him to annoy us and destroy us and our detachments on the very first opportunity. Therefore very general attention is again called to the great importance of a proper system attention is again called to the great importance of a proper system of caution and guard to be observed at all times, whether by the whole division, by detached brigades, regiments, or smaller parties.

I. During all marches advance guards should be out with flankers; when there is the most remote danger of an enemy, ranks must be kept [closed] and straggling absolutely prevented. Marches should be made as steady as possible, and the men be impressed with the fact that by falling out they only make matters worse to catch up. By keeping a steady pace a weak or sick soldier will experience far less fatigue than if he rests for a while and follows behind. Frequent rests will always be made by the general in command or by brigadiers; but no subordinate officer must lengthen the column by halts for any cause. If a wagon or gun stalls or any obstruction offers, details must be made promptly to remove by hand the obstruction to be removed by the rear guard.

II. As soon as a halt is made, the general, by himself or some of his staff, will indicated to brigadiers their points and whether the camp should be in line or column in mass. Brigadiers will in like manner indicate to colonels the points for their regiments. If accident give one regiment good ground and others bad, colonels must not change on that or any account, for order and system alone give strength to an army, and must prevail over mere personal comfort and choice.

III. The moment the ground for a halt or camp is selected colonels of regiments or commanders of detachments will at once see his guard established; his arms stacked, or arranged under shelter if need be; will cause the watering place to be marked and guarded, and indicate the place for sinks, where they cannot be offensive to his own command or that of another. The company daily detailed for pickets or guard will stand fast under arms, and be conducted to the brigade headquarters, and at once established under the direction of the brigade officer of the day, who in his turn will be governed by the order of the general officer of the day. This grand guard must be entirely independent of the interior regimental guard, and is intended to cover the whole camp against the enemy from any and every quarter. Its importance cannot be overestimated, and officers and soldiers must be made to feel that in a good grand guard the safety and comfort of all depends. If this guard he well posted, instructed, and vigilant, every man can sleep and rest well; but no soldier can have security in his camp or bed in an enemy's country, such as we now occupy, if he feels that the sentinels are sitting down, careless, or asleep.

IV. The general will personally direct the posting in camp of the artillery and cavalry, which must have the ground adapted to their service. They must guard their own camps and horses, but will not be called on for working details or grand guard, but on halting for camp the chief of cavalry will report in person for instructions as to the cavalry pickets. Upon their intelligence and vigilance much depends. They are not

