
parade. Its contents will be carefully explained to all commanders sent off on working parties and detachments, and no excuse will ever be taken in case of surprise.

Armed, equipped, and provided as this army is, we must at all hours and all times be prepared for battle or for any of the machinations of a shrewd and desperate enemy.

By order of Major-General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of this date received.* The enemy still occupies the railroad from Tuscumbia to Decatur. I have no force to drive him out, but supposed this would be done by General Buell; but am informed by him that his troops will not probably pass to the east of Bear Creek for seven or eight days. Am building boats and preparing the track for crossing. I wish you to interpose, if possible, and stay the execution of the order about surplus officers. I have not a single brigade quartermaster in my entire division, and all our business will be thrown into confusion. Occupied with the enemy at every point.

O. M. MITCHEL.

HUNTSVILLE, June 7, 1862.

Col. J. B. FRY:

I am ordered by General Halleck to push cars and locomotives across the river at Decatur. This cannot be done until the enemy's troops are driven out. I know their cavalry still remain opposite Lamb's Ferry and along the line of the railway. I wish it was possible to penetrate to Tuscumbia and Decatur. Have been compelled to send a large force to Chattanooga, to crush out promptly the scheme of the enemy to occupy the mountainous region of Tennessee bordering upon the river and the railroad. In my opinion a great struggle is to take place for the mastery of the railroad from Richmond south to Atlanta.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 7, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

On Thursday General Negley succeeded in surprising the rebel General Adams, and after a sharp fight routed and scattered the enemy in the wildest disorder, capturing commissary wagons, with supplies and ammunition.

The column under Colonel Sill formed a junction with General Negley's column at Jasper. Adams' cavalry fled 43 miles without stopping to Chattanooga. The enemy were crossing the river at Shell Mound with infantry and artillery. Adams' cavalry turned them back. Our troops by this time are near Chattanooga, and I have given General Negley authority to take the town in case he deems it prudent.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

