
My new gunboat, the Tennessee, left Bellefonte at 3 o'clock this p.m., and will arrive, I hope, in time to take part in the fight, should there be one, at Chattanooga. I am making every possible effort to rescue the steamer Paint Rock, and hope to receive 600 prisoners at Chattanooga.

Have you any orders to give?

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., June 7, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Colonel Fry, of Major-General Buell's staff, telegraphs from Booneville, Miss., that Morgan, with 800 cavalry, has started to Kentucky since the evacuation of Corinth. He was in Corinth after his late raid in Kentucky. Lieutenant McKenna telegraphs from Somerset that 400 rebel cavalry encamped at mouth of Greasy Creek, on the Cumberland. Being without sufficient force to guard all points, I will endeavor to supply it with Home Guards until your order the forces from Ohio and Indiana.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, June 7, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Captain McCullough, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was attacked yesterday near Tompinsville, Ky., by the rebel Hamilton, with 200 men. McCullough drove the enemy back with his single company, but was himself killed and 3 men wounded. Hamilton is reported killed. I have requested General Dumont to co-operate with me by sending a cavalry force up south side of Cumberland River to capture the marauders. I apprehend this is the beginning of trouble here. The rebel Morgan is on the Cumberland, and Bledsoe and other rebel chiefs have possession of Clinton County, and drove off the judge and prevented holding court. They are killing citizens and burning houses. I have ordered 500 of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Colonel Williams, to the Cumberland River to drive out the rebels. I hope you will authorize the raising of the cavalry regiment by Colonel Metcalf under the Military Board. Can I enlist and organize a company or squadron of cavalry here to take the place of part of provost guard of Louisville?

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

You are authorized to raise a regiment of cavalry, and also to enlist and organize one company of cavalry to serve as a provost guard in Louisville.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

