
at a moment's notice. The troops will be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks and will move with a suitable ammunition train, but without baggage. Five or more cavalrymen who know the roads will accompany each of the divisions as guides. You can communicate with me at the point where the road from Dick Smith's to Bramlette Spring leaves the Booneville and Blackland road. You will of course report the detailed movements of your troops according to circumstances, and inform me of anything that may affect the general object.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOTE.-The retreat of the enemy, which was ascertained during the night when these orders were written, superseded the necessity of the movement.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Booneville, June 8, 1862-midnight.

Major-General HALLECK:

The battalion of cavalry I sent out toward Baldwyn this morning has just returned, having passing through that place and gone 3 miles farther south.

The enemy has retreated and passed through Guntown last night. They have lost, by desertion of the Tennessee, Kentucky, and Arkansas regiments, near 20,000 men since they left Corinth. All the regiments yet left from those States passed down, closely guarded on both sides by Mississippi and Alabama troops.

It is believed by the people of the country that Beuaregard cannot reach Columbus with more than half the forces which he brought away from Corinth. They represent the whole country east and north of Corinth to be filled with parties of soldiers returning to their homes in Tennessee and Kentucky.

The regiment of cavalry I sent out at sunset will go as far as Guntown.

JNumbers POPE,Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., June 8, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Sherman and Hurlbut are opening roads to communicate with you as early as possible. I approve of your advancing to attack the enemy; enough at least to develop his strength. But you must do so very cautiously, as the other divisions are engaged in repairing railroads and cannot be immediately made available. Fitch's regiment and one other are in Memphis, and a part of McClernand's division is believed to be in Jackson. Wallace holds Bolivar, and has scouted to near Grand Junction.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

