HEADQUARTERS RESERVES, Camp Bethel, June 8, 1862.

Major-General LEW. WALLACE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Memphis being in our possession on one side, Bolivar on another, and Jackson on another, no obstacle is known to exist preventing us from taking possession of Somerville and the Memphis and Ohio Railroad at the nearest and most commanding point west of Somerville. If you have or can provide adequate subsistence for such a force, push forward a detachment, at least your advance guard, to Somerville and the Memphis and Ohio Railroad. I will immediately order a party from Jackson to follow the railroad toward Bolivar until it meets yours going toward Jackson. Guard all railroad bridges within your reach.

Communicate with me as often as may be useful.

Yours, &c.,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, June 8, 1862.

General BUELL:

I have dispatches from General Negley dated opposite Chattanooga I am disposed to believe the enemy will make a stand and will doubtless secure re-enforcements. Morgan is said to be in the town; also Adams. I am of the opinion that every effort should be made to maintain the position we now hold. If we fall back we open the door to pour in troops at the exact point they are already determined to use, and if we once commence to fall back it is difficult to determine when we can halt. I deem this a matter of the utmost importance, and most respectfully request the orders of yourself and General Halleck.

I am now rebuilding the bridge from Wartrace to Tullahoma. The road to Stevenson could be very soon opened, and in my opinion should be occupied with a powerful force.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 8, 1862.

General BUELL:

Colonel Lester telegraphs me that the enemy, 1,000 strong, have reached a point 8 miles south of McMinnville, and intends to attack Murfreesborough. Two regiments have been ordered to that place.

I do not know that reliance ought to be placed on these reports. One thing is certain, that is the region which ought now to be strongly occupied.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., June 8, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

I have just received the following dispatch:

LOUISVILLE, June 7, 1862.

Governor YATES:

General Dumont telegraphs me that a large rebel force is at or west of the Cumberland Mountains, marching to attack Nashville, and asking for re-enforcements. They

