
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 62. Washington, June 8, 1862.

I. The Department of the Mississippi is extended so as to include the whole of the States of Tennessee and Kentucky.* All officers on duty in those States will report to Major-General Halleck.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BOONEVILLE, June 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Many of the prisoners of war desire to take the oath of allegiance and return home. Shall they be permitted to do so? The deserters who are and have been coming in in considerable numbers I have permitted to go on to Hamburg and find their way home as best they could. The prisoners of war who at first desired to be exchanged wish also now to take the oath. I don't know how you desire to treat such cases. I have just heard from Colonel Sheridan; he is in Baldwyn, with his regiment, and has pushed his advance toward Guntown. The enemy drive away and carry off everything for miles around; many families, even those the wealthiest, destitute and starving; nothing whatever has been left them. The cavalry I sent out passed many fine houses of persons in good circumstances where the women and children were crying for food; everything had been taken; all the male members of the family carried and forced into the army. Many represent the enemy is suffering greatly for food.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 9, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Booneville:

General Buell and his command has been ordered east. Select a good position, where good water may be procured for your troops-somewhere between Corinth and Baldwyn-and report. I think Danville or Rienzi would be about the proper locality, if all other conditions can be satisfied. Our outposts should be established at Baldwyn, and perhaps a small advance picket at Guntown.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 9, 1862.

Major-General SHERMAN, Chewalla:

Yesterday's movement to turn the enemy's rear at Guntown proved that the enemy's main body had retreated south; the rear guard at

---------------

*This added to Halleck's command so much of these States as lay east of "a north and south line indefinitely drawn through Knoxville, Tenn." But see Halleck to Buell, p.33; Johnson to Stanton, p.38; Stanton's reply, p.57; and Stanton to Buell, pp.59,65.

---------------

