
Baldwyn scattered. You will now make preparation to move forward your division to Grand Junction, on the State-line road. Hurlbut will follow.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 9, 1862.

Major-General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, Chewalla:

You will immediately move with your own and Hurlbut's divisions on the State-line road in the direction of Memphis. On reaching Grand Junction you will detach working parties to repair railroad toward Jackson and Memphis. A telegraph line via Jackson will be immediately extended to Grand Junction. Send forward as soon as possible to Memphis for supplies of all kinds.

Great care must be taken to secure your working parties from attack, by placing a force south of the railroad, at some convenient and proper position. Until telegraph line is established report as often as possible by courier to Chewalla. Assure all country people that they will be permitted to take their cotton freely to market and that the ordinary channels of trade will be immediately reopened.

The conduct of your expedition will require great caution and circumspection.

The reopening of the railroad from Grand Junction to Memphis is so important, that you will use all possible diligence with your working parties in making the repairs.

Advices from Jackson to-day inform me that the trains are rapidly working their way from Jackson south toward Grand Junction.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

BOONVILLE, June 9, 1862.

General HALLECK:

As I informed you last night, I have countermanded the order for advancing upon Baldwyn in force this morning, our cavalry having penetrated 3 miles beyond that point, and understanding that you did not design to continue a pursuit beyond there. I have received no written or detailed report from the cavalry force sent to Baldwyn. Shall communicate it as soon as received. Everything seems to indicate that the enemy are steadily continuing their retreat, with no intention of doing more than retard the pursuit. I doubt if they will make a much longer stand at Okolona than here. Some of the information speaks of Columbus. One informant, a negro, said they had sent cannon to Memphis, though he only spoke from hearsay. He also gave it as camp rumor that part of the force was going east into Alabama. Of course all this is indefinite and without any absolute reliability, but, in connection with other information which you may have, it may help you to form your conclusion.

The loss of the enemy in the retreat has been undoubtedly very great, from disasters and sickness, &amp;c. The deserters all estimate it at from 20,000 to 30,000.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

