HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE

Camp Brownlow, Piketon, Ky., March 10, 1862.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of Western Virginia:

GENERAL: Yours of the 19th ultimo is received.* In reply I have to say I am now at this place, with three regiments of infantry and one squadron of cavalry. I have one regiment at Paintsville and one at Catlettsburg. There are two companies of Colonel Lightburn's regiment at Louisa, which I am about to relieve. I have about two months' rations here and at Paintsvile, about five weeks of which are at this point. I can rely on steamboat transportation to this point for nearly a month yet; after which a fleet of push boats can be used. On my approach to this place the remnant of Marshalls' force passed through the Pound Gap. He is now at Gladesville, though most of his brigade is beyond, in the vicinity of Lebanon. There are five companies of Virginia State troops at the Gap. The rebel artillery has been removed from the Gap, and I think Marshall does not intend to make a stand this side of Moccasin Gap, which is about 20 miles this side of Abindgdon.

I have just received a dispatch from Colonel Carter, commanding Twelfth Brigade, at Cumberland Ford. His brigade, consisting of five regiments infantry, 500 cavalry, and a battery, is now within 6 miles of Cumberland Gap, where the enemy, 5,000 strong, is fortified. He urges co-operation, and suggests a movement on my part through the Pound Gap to attack the 5,000 rebels in their rear. Hoping to hear your plans soon, I am, very truly, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,

Numbers 2. Steamer Continental, March 10, 1862.

The point of rendezvous of this expedition will be Savannah, Tenn. Captain W. T. Brink, having reported in pursuance of orders from headquarters District of West Tennessee, is announced as chief of ordnance of the expedition.

By order of Major General C. F. Smith:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PRESIDENT'S WAR ORDER, EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Numbers 3. Washington, March 11, 1862.

Major-General McClellan having personally taken the field as the head of the Army of the Potomac until otherwise ordered, he is relieved from the command of the other military departments, he retaining command of the Department of the Potomac.

Ordered further, that the two departments now under the respective commands of Generals Halleck and Hunter, together with so much of that under General Buell as lies west of a north and south line indefinitely drawn through Knoxville, Tenn., be consolidated and designated

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

