HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In Camp, June 9, 1862.

Major-General POPE,Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

In accordance with General Halleck's instructions, I have ordered Sherman's, Nelson's, and Crittenden's divisions back to different points on the Memphis and Charleston road, and directed Davies' division to report to you again. One regiment of Davies' division is at work on the Tuscumbia Bridge, under the direction of an officer from Sherman's division. The bridge ought to be finished day after to-morrow. Smith's First Ohio Cavalry, which belongs properly to Sherman's division, is ordered to return with it. These are, I believe, all the points that affect your command.

I shall start back early in the morning, leaving you independent again. I suppose our future movements will be determined upon in a few days.

Very truly,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

BOONEVILLE, June 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have just received dispatches, dated the 8th, from General Mitchel. I have given him frequent general instructions in regard to the use of the troops under his command; and I answered his dispatches on the 7th that he was in no sufficient force to advance on Chattanooga, and that if he could at first succeed in taking it, as he thought of doing, he would jeopardize the force sent there and expose Middle Tennessee. The dispatches of yesterday are as follows:

I have dispatches from General Negley, dated opposite Chattanooga. I am disposed to believe the enemy will make a stand and will doubtless receive re-enforcements. Morgan is said to be in the town; also Adams. I am of the opinion that every effort should be made to maintain the position we now hold. If we fall back we open the door to pour in troops at the exact point they are already determined to use, and if we once commence to fall back it is difficult to determine when we can halt. I deem this a matter of the utmost importance, and most respectfully request the orders of yourself and General Halleck.

I am now rebuilding the bridge from Wartrace to Tullahoma. The road to Stevenson could very soon be opened, and in my opinion should be occupied with a powerful force.

Colonel Lester telegraphs that the enemy, 1,000 strong, has reached a point 8 miles south of McMinnville, and intends to attack Murfreesborough. Two regiments have been ordered to that place. I do not know what reliance ought to be placed on these reports; one thing is certain, that is the region that ought now to be strongly occupied.

MITCHEL.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 9, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I think it useless to pursue the enemy any farther. Send another division toward Tuscumbia, to repair the railroad and drive out the enemy this side of Decatur. The Tennessee is falling so rapidly that

