
it is doubtful whether steamers with the locomotives and cars can get up to Florence. It is therefore important that our connection with Mitchel be made with all possible dispatch, as your entire army will probably move west and the Engineer Regiment restored to your command.

I think you had better leave General Smith on that duty, if you deem him competent. I am only waiting for advices from Washington to order your movement. If you have any apprehension about the brigade of Wood, push forward to Tuscumbia his entire division and replace it at Bear Creek by another.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 9, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Booneville:

You will move Nelson's and Crittenden's divisions in direction of Decatur on such roads as you may deem best. The Jacinto and Iuka road is here said to be the most direct and practical; but of that you can judge best. T. W. Sherman's division will be sent here to replace McCook's, which you will also order east. You will leave the remainder of the force with General Pope and come to Corinth yourself, as I wish to consult you on our future movements. Give such orders about supplies for your troops going east as you may deem proper.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Camp near Booneville, June 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Fifth Division:

General Buell directs that you move your division toward Decatur at 5 a.m. to-morrow, marching by way of Rienzi and Jacinto. Your supply train now on the way from Corinth should not come this side of Rienzi, and you had better advance an officer to that place to meet and stop it there or turn it off on to the Jacinto road at that point. If it has got this side of Rienzi let it turn back at once and move to Rienzi, and stop at such a place on the route prescribed as you may deem best.

A detail of men under an officer from each regiment should start back to your camp to-night to pack up and move with your camp equipage, they taking the road by Farmington, and so on to the east, passing near Burnsville, known as the old Alabama road. General Nelson's train will be moving over the same road, and General Wood's division has passed over it.

Report here in person as soon as you have given the necessary orders for the above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

