HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In Camp, June 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General NELSON,Commanding Fourth Division:

General Buell directs that your division at once take up it line of march for Bear Creek, near the point where it is crossed by the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. You will move by way of Booneville, Jacinto, and Cartersville. Your camp equipage should be moved in the direction of Bear Creek, to join you at the point designated. Report in person for further instructions when your orders are given for the division to move.

You must provide yourself with guides.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Camp, June 9, 1862.

Brig. Gen. THOMAS W. SHERMAN,Commanding Division:

General Buell directs me to say that the First Ohio Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Smith commanding, is to accompany your division on its return to Corinth. You will therefore give the necessary orders.

The general learns that no payment has been made to Mr. Ramsay, a citizen near here, as ordered by General Buell. A statement of your quartermaster in the case is herewith returned and payment ordered. It is also reported that the guard placed over Mr. Ramsay's premises last night robbed him of poultry and committed other depredations instead of protecting him. You will have the matter investigated and properly disposed of.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HUNTSVILLE, June 9, 1862.

General BUELL:

Owing to intelligence received from Colonel Lester I have very reluctantly ordered the return of the forces under General Negley. I deem this a most important step, for I am quite certain the enemy will follow. If supplies can be sent to Bainbridge Ferry, 7 miles above Florence, the distance to Florence is less than 40 miles, and the route far superior to any other.

It is my duty to again repeat the opinion already expressed, that we ought to occupy Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad with a powerful force, and if not done very soon the enemy will do it.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, June 9, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I have kept General Buell fully advised of my own movements and those of the enemy. Fearing my dispatches may not have reached him.

