
if the movements of the re-enforcements are delayed till communication is open by rail. I will press the work as rapidly as possible, and by a judicious distribution of the working parties try to have as many bridges as possible being worked at the same time.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, June 9, 1862.

Captain McLEAN,

Chief of Staff:

On the 29th of May, ultimo, I was ordered by the Secretary of War to take command of United States forces in Kentucky. I assumed command by published order on 4th instant. To-day the Secretary of War telegraphs me that all of Kentucky is included in the Department of Mississippi, and I instructed to report to Major-General Halleck for orders. On 6th instant part of Morgan's forces attacked a company of Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, killing 1 captain and 2 men. Colonel Williams reports to me that rebel Captain Hamilton was killed and several of his men wounded; this is not certain. The rebels fled. I have ordered six companies Ninth Pennsylvania, under Colonel Williams, to advance by way of Tompkinsville, where the enemy were on west side of Cumberland Mountains, in considerable force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, moving to attack Nashville, waiting for re-enforcements. I had no force to send forward, deeming it absolutely necessary to protect Nashville. Secretary of War has ordered forward the Sixtieth Indiana. Major Cox reported to me this morning. I have ordered him, with 260 men, to Bowling Green. Colonel Owen with the body of regiment will be here to-morrow or next day. I will hold them in position to send to Nashville in case of emergency. I do not apprehend any attack on Nashville.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENN.,

No. 35. June 9, 1862.

The Third Brigade, General Denver, will move forward on the road to Pocahontas, and repair the bridge across Tuscumbia Creek, camping on the side of the creek, but pushing a strong picket beyond to the high ground.

The division of General Hurlbut will move early to-morrow on the same road to the Big Hatchie and reconstruct the bridge across that stream, repairing the road generally and making it passable to artillery. The division will leave its rain on this side of Tuscumbia Creek until the Tuscumbia Bridge is passable.

The brigades of Morgan L. Smith and McDowell will be prepared to move forward as soon as notice is received that the road is opened as far as Pocahontas.

Officers and men must be cautious in their dealings with citizens. Nothing should be told them of the movements of troops or anything whatever of our plans or purposes. They must be suspected always, although if at home and minding their business they should be respected. If on the road they must be arrested and held as prisoners.

By order of Major-General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

