
HUNTSVILLE, June 10, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Yours received. Will risk nothing as to Nashville. General Negley has driven the enemy from Chattanooga, though re-enforced by General Kirby Smith with seven or eight regiments. He could not cross the river, and is now on the march to McMinnville. General Dumont will advance probably from Murfreesborough in case any enemy is found to be really encamped as reported.

Our boat to cross locomotives will be ready on Friday.

There remains 34 miles of a gap in the railroad from Athens to Nashville. Our teams will hereafter haul that distance.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISS.,

No. 90. Corinth, Miss., June 10, 1862.

I. The order dividing the army near Corinth into right wing, center, left wing, and reserve is hereby revoked. Major-Generals Grant, Buell, and Pope will resume the command of their separate army corps, except the division of Major-General Thomas, which till further orders will be stationed in Corinth as a part of the Army of the Tennessee. General Thomas will resume the immediate command of his division on its arrival at Corinth, and Brig. Gen. T. W. Sherman will report to Major-General Buell for duty with the Army of the Ohio.

II. Commanding officers of army corps and of the reserve will immediately report to these headquarters the operations of their several corps from the time of leaving Pittsburg to the evacuation of Corinth and the termination of the pursuit of the enemy, stating the several actions in which their troops were engaged, their own loss and the probable loss of the enemy, the works erected, and roads constructed. Such detailed report is necessary to enable the commanding general to do justice to all concerned.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Shelbyville, Tenn., June 16, 1862.

Gen. JAMES S. NEGLEY,Commanding Seventh Brigade:

SIR: In compliance with orders I left Columbia with the larger portion of the Thirty-fifth Indiana and four companies of the First Kentucky Cavalry under Captain Jenkins, in charge of subsistence train, at noon on the 27th of May; turned over to Colonel Munday part of subsistence train and one company of cavalry.

On the morning of May 29 started for Rogersville, and arrived at Rogersville at noon, May 30; left Rogersville at noon, May 31, and arrived at Pulaski June 1. At Pulaski the cavalry under my command was ordered by Colonel Munday on the morning of June 2 to proceed to Columbia.

In pursuance of orders received at Pulaski through Colonel Munday, I left Pulaski on the morning of June 2, provided with twelve days'

