
the Department of the Mississippi, and that until otherwise ordered Major General Halleck have command of said department.

Ordered also, that the country west of the Department of the Potomac and east of the Department of the Mississippi be a military department to be called the Mountain Department, and that the same be commanded by Major-General Fremont.

That all the commanders of departments, after the receipt of this order by them respectively, report severally and directly to the Secretary of War, and that prompt, full, and frequent reports will be expected of all and each of them.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

PORT HENRY, March 11, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of yesterday is just received. The transports sent here have not been able to take all the troops, coal being much wanted. I shall run down to Paducah to-night. There is but one steamer detained here, and she is being used in transporting troops to the west bank of the river.

The people of Tennessee are much in want of protection to-day against the Governor's conscription orders. I wish we were in condition to afford them the protection they require.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 11, 1862.

General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding Expedition to Upper Tennessee:

Send back steamers as rapidly as possible, to enable me to forward balance of troops. General Halleck telegraphs me this morning that since the signal success of General Curtis in the Southwest the troops held as a reserve for him will be sent to me, and when they arrive I may take the general direction.

I think it exceedingly doubtful whether I shall accept; certainly not until the object of the expedition is accomplished.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT HENRY, TENN., March 11, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I just learn there is a disposition to carry on a guerrilla warfare in Kentucky north of this point. It has assumed small proportion as yet, but may become more formidable. I would advise sending a few companies of cavalry to Eddyville, with instructions to go interior to Hopkinsville.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

