
[Inclosure No. 11.]

Extract of order to Col. J. B. Turchin, dated May 20, 1862.

I wish the troops that are quartered in town to be removed as early as possible. No private dwellings must be occupied by troops. * * *

The examination of soldiers' baggage ordered on yesterday must be thorough and rapid.

I trust a full report will reach me on to-morrow. * * *

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 12.]

Extract from order to Colonel Lytle, dated May 20, 1862.

See that your men do not pillage and plunder. They shall not steal horses or mules or enter private houses on any pretense whatever.

I would prefer to hear that you had fought a battle and been defeated in a fair fight than to learn that your soldiers have degenerated into robbers and plunderers.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 13.]

HUNTSVILLE, May 24, 1862.

Colonel TURCHIN:

I do not desire the search of your commissioned officers, but each in his report will make explicit declaration that no property plundered from the citizens is in his possession. I desire this for the sake of the officers themselves.

I will send you by the train in the morning the items reported to me by the committee as having been taken or destroyed by the troops under your command.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SIGNAL CORPS, DISTRICT OF THE OHIO, April 24, 1862.*

SAMUEL T. CUSHING,First Lieutenant, Acting Signal Officer:

SIR: I have the honor to report the state of the Signal Corps for the week ending to-day. The officers accompanying the Fourth Division [General Nelson] have sent to these headquarters a report, from which I make the following abstract: "We arrived at the scene of battle [Pittsburg Landing] on Sunday, the 6th instant, while the fight was raging fiercely, with the day to all appearances against the Union forces. We were an hour in advance of our column, and General Nelson, wishing to communicate with General Buell, I immediately crossed the river with Lieutenant Hart and our flag-man, leaving Lieutenants Butler and Leonard at the first station. I established

---------------

*Received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

---------------

