
my station, and in a few minutes General Nelson and General Buell were communicating with each other. We kept our stations working from about 4 o'clock on Sunday evening until Monday morning, when we were ordered to report on the field for duty. We were soon on the field with General Nelson, but owing to the fight being entirely in the woods and the woods being very thick, it was impossible for us to operate to any advantage. We remained on the field during the entire engagement, until our forces were completely victorious and the rebel foe was routed." This communication was signed "Joseph Hinson."

Of the officers with the Third Division [General Mitchel's], from another report I send the following: "I received orders from Colonel Mihalotzy, of the Twenty-fourth Illinois, to report myself to my regiment, for company duty. The same order was issued to my men.

"Having been detailed for signal duty by the highest authority in the department, and being anxious to render the corps serviceable as such, I objected to doing any other duty than that for which I had been detailed. I therefore repaired to General Mitchel, and was by him informed that a battle was expected by break of day; that he would have no use for us as signal officers, and that we might join our respective companies if we wished to be of service in the expected battle. The officers of the corps then reported themselves to their regiments for company duty until the close of the fight, if any should occur, and acted as company officers on the march to and until a few hours after our arrival at Huntsville. No horses have been supplied to us; no notice is taken of us in any degree, and the officers all feel as if the corps was being but little valued by the division and brigade commanders.-E. F. C. Klokke."

Lieutenant Galbraith, of the Second Division [General McCook's], reports that Lieutenant. William A. Sutherland, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, reported to him for instructions in signal duty, saying he was ordered by General Buell to do so. Not wishing to act upon his own responsibility in such a case, he wrote to me for instruct him at such times as would not interfere with his duty on the field.

Private L. O. Blanding, of the Sixth Pennsylvania Reserves, when absent from camp without leave and while endeavoring to elude the provost-guard, was shot through the head and died two days afterward, on the 17th instant, in hospital, at Nashville. Steps have been taken to carry out the articles of the regulations referring to such cases.

Private Charles Bliss, Seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, has been discharged from the service on account of disability, caused by rheumatism in the left elbow joint, which renders his arm entirely useless.

Horses were purchased for us on an order issued by General Buell, and were already on the cars to be shipped here when an order from general headquarters was received to send them to Pittsburg Landing, to supply the place of horses lost in the recent engagement in that vicinity. We are informed that they will be replaced soon.

Yours, respectfully,

JESSE MERRILL,

First Lieutenant, Acting Signal Officer, District of the Ohio.

