
CORRESPONDENCE-CONFEDERATE.
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

HUNTSVILLE, March 5, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN:

Just arrived and received dispatch. My report was delayed to obtain official reports of Generals Floyd and Pillow. All were sent on by Colonel Liddell on 28th February, informing you of the condition of my command and my plans. The forces are en route and in good order. The column is marching toward Decatur and Corinth. The advance will reach Decatur in three days. General Floyd sent to Chattanooga with 2,500 troops. Cleburne's brigade and two regiments and battalion of cavalry left at Shelbyville to forward pork under General Hardee and then to rejoin main body.

A. S. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Jackson, Tenn., March 5, 1862.

SOLDIERS: I assume this day the command of the Army of the Mississippi, for the defense of our homes and liberties, and to resist the subjugation, spoliation, and dishonor of our people. Our mothers and wives, our sisters and children, expect us to do our duty even to the sacrifice of our lives.

Our losses since the commencement of this war in killed, wounded, and prisoners are now about the same as those of the enemy.

He must be made to atone for the reverses we have lately experienced. Those reverses, far from disheartening, must nerve us to new deeds of valor and patriotism, and should inspire us with unconquerable determination to drive back our invaders.

Should any one in this army be unequal to the task before us, let him transfer his arms and equipments at once to braver, firmer hands, and return to his home.

Our cause is as just and sacred as ever animated men to take up arms, and if we are true to it and to ourselves, with the continued protection of the Almighty, we must and shall triumph.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd GRAND DIV., ARMY OF MISS.,

No. 2. Jackson, Tenn., March 5, 1862.

1. All troops coming within limits of this division from Louisiana and Mississippi will rendezvous at Grand Junction, Tenn., and those from Alabama at Corinth, Miss., and the new levies from Tennessee will rendezvous at Henderson and Bethel Stations, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

2. Lea's and Browder's regiments Tennessee Volunteers and stragglers and unattached men will proceed from Henderson Station to Corinth, and report to Brigadier-General Ruggles. The Seventh Regiment Mississippi Volunteers will proceed from Jackson to Henderson.

3. Chiefs of staff will see that the necessary supplies and transportation are furnished to effect these movements.

4. Railroads within the limits of this command, being absolutely necessary for military purposes at this time, are, to the extent necessary, placed under the control of the Quartermaster's Department. To

