
suppress disorders arrest all persons traveling without proper authority, and prevent undue interference by unauthorized persons on the Memphis and Charleston and Mobile and Ohio Railroads. Brigadier-General Ruggles will make the necessary details from his command to send a guard of one commissioned officer and five men with each passenger train on these roads.

5. The sale or supplying in any manner of intoxicating liquors within 5 miles of any station occupied by troops or within 1 mile of any public highway used for military purposes, except for medicinal purposes, on the written prescription of a regular physician, is prohibited. All grogshop and drinking saloons within such limits will be closed and the supplies packed, subject to military inspection. Any violation of this order will be followed by prompt arrest of the offender and destruction of all his stores of liquor.

6. Martial law is declared at the city of Memphis. A firm and discreet officer, of proper qualifications, will be detailed by Brigadier-General Ruggles to assume the duties of provost-marshal at that place, who will publish his orders and call on the commanding officer at that city of the necessary guards to enforce them.

7. The prisoners of war at Memphis will be transferred to Mobile, under a guard of 50 men, to be detailed by Brigadier-General Ruggles from his command at Corinth. The commanding officer at Mobile will forward them, under a proper guard, to Tuscaloosa, Ala., for confinement.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland Gap, Tenn., March 5, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: There are at this post several regiments whose term of service will expire in from one to two months. Those of them who re-enlist will do so only on condition of being granted the furlough allowed by law. Those who refuse to re-enlist will demand their discharge.

I have thought it proper, to secure the continued services of these several commands [all of which are well drilled and efficient], to promise those who re-enlist the furlough at the expiration of their present term of service.

The fulfillment of this promise and the discharge of those who do not re-enlist will leave the post undefended, and necessitate the sending here of other troops:

I doubt not that reserves can be sent forward from Knoxville and elsewhere as fast as they may be needed.

I wish, in view of these facts herein stated, respectfully to ask several questions.

1st. Does it meet the approval of the Department that I should grant to all who re-enlist the furlough upon their re-enlistment at the expiration of their present term of service, provided that fresh troops can be brought forward to supply their place?

2nd. Should the re-enlisted men who are sent home on furlough carry their arms and accouterments with them or surrender them to me?

3rd. What shall be done with the arms of those who are discharged here? Will they deliver their arms to me; and, if so, shall I hold them

