HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE

Fort Henry, March 11, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Saint Louis, Mo.:

Yours of the 6th instant, inclosing an anonymous to Honorable David Davis, speaking of frauds committed against Government, is just received. I refer you to my orders to suppress marauding as the only reply necessary. There is such a disposition to find fault with me that I again ask to be relieved from further duty until I can be placed right in the estimation of those higher in authority.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 11, 1862.

Major-General BUELL,

Nashville, Tenn.:

It is reported that secessionists about Hopkinsville and other places are endeavoring to organize guerrilla parties. As I shall withdraw the garrison from Clarksville, I suggest its occupation by a regiment of cavalry, which could throw out parties to Hopkinsville and other places to prevent any such formations.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 11, 1862.

Major-General GRANT,

Fort Henry, Tenn.:

General Buell has been notified of the guerrilla organizations in Kentucky, and also that I purposed to withdraw the garrison from Clarksville. As the country north of the Cumberland belongs to his department we cannot interfere without his request.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 11, 1862.

Colonel W. W. LOWE,

Commanding Curtis' Horse:

The reports of E. Y. Shelly and Lieutenant M. M. Wheeler are just received. From their fullness they are most satisfactory and you may say to those gentleman that when subordinates take such pains to state a full condition of affairs their course will always meet with a most hearty approval from their commander, no matter who he may be.

You will moved toward Paris, Tenn., with your forces, as soon as possible, and protect the citizens as far as possible from conscription. I will not probably be here to say just when you should return, so that in this matter you will have to use your own discretion. In your absence it may be necessary to get forage from citizens. In all such cases receipts will be given for the amount taken, and the forage accounted for as if obtained in the regular way.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

