HDQRS. SECOND GRAND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE MISS., Jackson, Tenn., March 6, 1862.

General DANIEL RUGGLES,Commanding, &amp;c., Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 4th instant, with inclosures, has been referred to Major-General Bragg. I am directed by the general commanding to say that the instructions to withdraw Clanton's [First Alabama Cavalry] regiment are so modified as to allow you full discretion as to what forces you will keep on the east of the Tennessee River, with a suggestion that provision be made to avoid its being cut off by a sudden move of the enemy. Keep this force actively employed in scouting the country, collecting supplies of all kinds, forage, provisions, means of transportation, &c., and require them to communicate frequently. Colonel Clanton is gallant to rashness, and may require some little advice as to caution. Wherever there is evidence of disloyalty, either in words or deeds, the parties should be arrested and brought to the rear.

Your command will soon amount to 15,000 men, and you should be making every provision possible for their support. The First Alabama Volunteers [Infantry], Lieutenant. Col. I. G. W. Steedman; the Second, Major O'Bannon, and [Twenty-first], Colonel Crawford's, will go forward as soon as possible to Fort Pillow. Also the heavy shell guns, with ammunition, implements, &c.

The general directs me to forward you confidentially the inclosed "notes of reference."*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, TENN., March 6, 1862.

General DANIEL RUGGLES:

Give General Gladden command of troops from Mobile and Pensacola for the present.

Prepare 15,000 men at Corinth.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

JACKSON, TENN., March 6, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

MY DEAR GENERAL: From information we have it is probable we shall soon have a heavy column of the enemy upon your flank by way of the Tennessee River. I desire you then to prepare everything for active field service at the earliest moment.

All unnecessary baggage is to be sent to Columbus, Miss., or Grenada, Miss., an agent of the Quartermaster's Department being selected at each point to take charge. Take railroad depots wherever necessary for storage.

The sick to be sent, as soon as my medical [officer] can be ready, to Oxford and Okolona, Miss.: 100 rounds of ammunition for infantry and cavalry to be in the hands of regimental commanders as soon as possible; 200 rounds per gun to light artillery.

Divide your command, including the regiment here, Fourth Louisiana, and the Seventh Mississippi at Henderson, and Chalmers', into brigades, under the senior colonels, say, of 2,500 to 3,000 armed men to each. This to be the First Division, under your immediate command. Gladden's command to be divided in the same way, and be collected the Second Division. I hope before long to be with you and take the whole. Attach a light battery, if possible, to each brigade, and divide the cavalry between the divisions, say Clanton's regiment to your division and the companies from Mobile to Gladden's. Your name has gone on with the strong indorsement of all your friends, and especially General Beauregard and myself, for major-general.

I inclose you a copy of our "notes of reference,"* by which you will see the programme.

The organization I wish you to make is only temporary, for the impending danger.

In haste, yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 1. Jackson, Tenn., March 6, 1862.

I. Major-General L. Polk will assume command of all the troops of this army north of Jackson, Tenn.,and along the Mississippi River north

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

