
of Memphis. Commanders of posts, regiments, detached companies and battalions, and of brigades will report to him accordingly.

II. Major General Braxton Bragg will assume command of all the troops of this army south of Major-General Polk's command. He will at the same time retain the command of his department.

III. Until further orders Major-General Bragg will issue all orders from these headquarters for the movement of troops in Western Tennessee.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd GRAND DIV., ARMY OF MISS.,

Numbers 3. Jackson, Tenn., March 6, 1862.

Immediate arrangements will be made by the several commanders and the chiefs of the staff departments in this grand division of the army to carry out the following dispositions, viz:

1. The proper staff officers will take immediate steps to establish grand depots at Columbus and Grenada, Miss., for all supplies pertaining to their respective departments. Subsistence and forage in Western Tennessee will be collected as rapidly as possible and sent to these depots, supplies of which will be kept on hand: At Jackson, for 900 infantry and 400 cavalry about three weeks; at Corinth, for 13,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry about four weeks; at Henderson, for 800 infantry and 200 cavalry about two weeks; at Iuka, for 2,000 infantry and 500 cavalry about two weeks; at Grand Junction, for 10,000 infantry and 1,000 cavalry about four weeks.

2. The following amount of ammunition will be distributed, viz, 100 rounds per man for infantry and cavalry with each regiment; 200 rounds per piece with each company of light artillery. The necessary amount in the same ratio for an army of 15,000 men to be held in a temporary depot at Grant Junction ready for distribution at a moment's notice.

3. The troops will be prepared immediately for active operations in the field; their baggage to be reduced to a minimum, and all supplies and heavy baggage sent to the main depots at Columbus and Grenada, Miss. Soldiers will be limited to their knapsacks and officers to small valises or carpet-bags.

4. Land transportation, not to exceed eleven wagons, will be allowed to each regiment, if practicable.

5. Rear guards must, as they retire, destroy bridges behind them, especially on ordinary roads; they must also obstruct roads by felling trees and breaking up causeways, and for this purpose must be provided with axes.

6. Each fort and light battery must be provided forthwith with an ample supply of rat-tail files.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

