
5. Brigadier General Gid. J. Pillow will immediately take command of the Third Division of this army.

By command of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, March 11, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

My command is now crossing the Tennessee line, the advance marching toward Tuscumbia. The enemy are reported yesterday in twelve transports, about 12,000 strong, at Savannah, with thirty or forty more transports expected. It is supposed Buell will concentrate main force there to co-operate with Grant.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

DECATUR, March 11, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

SIR: Your dispatch just received.* The day of the month on which it is written will indicate the letter of the alphabet corresponding with A. Yesterday 10th J-A. I repeat it, that we may know if the operator conveyed it correctly.

E F N T I F J J Z E X I Z M V I I V R I F E J R K L I U R P N Y

V I V T R E K Y V K I F F G J A F Z E P F L N Z K Y D F J K

V W W V T K

Translation.-Now crossing river. Rear on Saturday. Where can the troops join you with most effect?

On the 27th of the month "A" will correspond to "C."

The approach to the railroad bridge here is over an embankment about 2 1/2 miles. I had the whole planked for crossing artillery and trains, but on account of the great difference in the length of axles it cannot be used for that purpose. We are now bringing them over on platform cars, which is a slow process. The head of the column marched this morning on the Tuscumbia road. It will, after two days' march, halt for the rear, which remained back at Shelbyville, to close up, after which the march will be continued to Tuscumbia, from which position I will endeavor to form a junction with you, in accordance with the plan agreed upon. My route from Tuscumbia will of course depend upon the movement you will make as soon as the purpose of the enemy is sufficiently developed. General Buell's force at Nashville embraces, I think, nearly the whole of his command. He will probably co-operate with the movement from Savannah, Hardin County.

My cavalry, a part of which still observes the enemy near Nashville, had a smart skirmish with the enemy's cavalry 6 miles from Nashville day before yesterday. Forty of Scott's cavalry attacked 100 of the enemy's, killed 12, routed them, and burned their tents. We lost 2; 1 killed and 1 mortally wounded. The force here is in good condition and fine spirits. They are anxious to meet the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

