
JACKSON, TENN., March 11, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

We have called for ten generals as indispensable. Four are granted, and only two of these are present. The enemy being already engaged with our left at New Madrid, I do not hold myself responsible for the results.

Commissary department entirely out of funds. Nothing can be had without them. One million in hands of collector at Mobile can be had. Will department issue necessary orders at once?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HDQRS. FIRST GRAND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Humboldt, Tenn., March 11, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

I am desirous of having the aid of certain parties in certain offices for the more efficient administration of the army under my command. I have asked for their appointment. Among them is Captain E. D. Blake, who has been on my staff since I have been in the service. He is now my inspector-general. To do the work of that office he should have more rank. I ask his appointment as colonel of infantry in the Provisional Army. Slaughter, on General Bragg's staff, and Jordan, on General Beauregard's staff, have each received such promotion without having troops to command. I hope I shall receive equal favor.

I ask for the appointment of two others, whose names will be presented by Adjutant-General Cooper-Lieutenant Smith and M. R. Tunno.

I am very much in want of brigadier-generals. I want at least four, and I should have them immediately. I hope I may be pardoned for saying that the chiefest difficulty we have in the field is the difficulty of getting the support indispensable to the efficiency of our commands, and too frequently, when it comes, if it comes at all, it comes too late. I trust the Department will not be allowed to put me off in my present emergency.

In pursuance to instructions received from the Department I evacuated Columbus, as I informed Mr. Benjamin by telegraph, on the 3rd. The work was done promptly and thoroughly, though under the guns of the enemy's boats. The operation was effectually masked, and I retired all my military stores of every description, ammunition and guns all being removed. I fired the buildings of every description erected by the army, and with my staff brought up the rear. I had been there just six months; had a small force always under my command; had made the post well nigh impregnable; a solid barrier, shutting out the enemy from the Mississippi Valley by the river. The necessity compelling its abandonment was a trying one, but it was met as described.

I have taken position below at Island Numbers 10, where I have erected a series of batteries, which makes the passage down the river by boats as difficult as at Columbus, and which can be held by a much smaller force. I send you by the messenger who takes this maps of the locality. I do not think the enemy's gunboats can pass the island, and think that General McCown, with his army of 8,000, will hold it. He has part of his force at New Madrid, part at Madrid Bend and Island Numbers 10. His right flank is protected by a chain of takes. Hollins' fleet is

