
aiding him in holding New Madrid. If he should have to give that point up, it would not involve by any means a surrender of the river (I mean the town of New Madrid, and indeed the Missouri shore). He can hold the island and the bend, and keep the enemy off from the Tennessee side by his gunboats.

The enemy are preparing to make a powerful demonstration near Eastport, on the Tennessee River. My scouts just in report sixty transports, with troops, passed up within the last two days. My army, with General Bragg's and General Johnston's, we hope to concentrate in time to meet him.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant and friend,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, March 11, 1862.

General RUGGLES:

The water has fallen and the enemy's boats cannot now pass Colbert Shoals.

I have had a reconnaissance made below Eastport, and from all that I can learn Chalk Bluffs, below Savannah, is the only good point to fortify. I think the guns useless where they are.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Iuka, Miss., March 11, 1862.

Captain P. D. RODDEY, Eastport:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by Brigadier-General Chalmers to say that he desires you at once to take measures to secure and report to him accurate information as to the strength of the enemy on the other side of the river. You will select you most prudent and reliable scouts for this service, and as many as you may think needful.

You will impress upon them the danger of the service and the great importance of caution to prevent capture, and will at the same time impress upon them the idea that it is accurate and reliable information that is wanted.

You will see that this duty is at once performed, judging of yourself in the exercise of your discretion as to details. You will report the result as soon as practicable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CRAFT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., March 11, 1862.

Captain ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 8, dated Headquarters Army of Corinth, C. S. Forces, March 7, 1862, I have the honor to report the following observations with regard to means of defense and

