
From Pittsburg to Licking Creek there are two points of defense, though not strong, at the distance of 8 and 8 3/4 miles from Pittsburg. The road through Licking Creek bottom is one-quarter of a mile in length and very bad-almost impassable. On this side of Licking Creek there are [no] points of defense along the road up as far as Monterey, at which point our forces can resist the enemy at great odds.

For further information you will refer to the map.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES T. TREZEVANT,

Captain Louisiana Infantry.

ATLANTA, March 11, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I have been with and near General Johnston's army ever since he was assigned command; have been his admirer and defender; still admire him as a man; but in my judgment his errors of omission, commission, and delay have been greater than any general who ever preceded him in any country; inexcusably and culpably lost us unnecessarily an army of 12,000 men, the Mississippi Valley, comparatively all provision stores, by one dash of the enemy. This is the almost unanimous judgment of officers, soldiers, and citizens. Neither is it mere opinion, but is demonstrable by dates, facts, figures, and disastrous results. He never can reorganize and re-enforce his army with any confidence. The people now look to you as their deliverer, and imploringly call upon you to come to the field of our late disasters and assume command, as you promised in a speech to take the field whenever it should become necessary. That necessity is now upon us. Such a step would be worth a hundred thousand soldiers throughout the Confederacy. Can you then hesitate? We cannot survive the permanent loss of Tennessee and Kentucky for the war. They must be immediately retaken at all hazards, or great suffering for provisions and forage is the inevitable and immediate consequence. If your presence is impossible, for God's sake, give immediate command to Beauregard, Bragg, or Breckinridge, or all will be irretrievably lost. Save us while it is yet time. I will be in Richmond next week.

E. M. BRUCE,

Member Congress Ninth District Kentucky.

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

SIR: We would most respectfully call your attention to the inclosed letter from Colonel Isham W. Garrott, than whom the army has not a more gallant and patriotic officer. He is a gentleman of the first order of intelligence, and we beg to say to you that you may rely with great confidence on his statements, and his suggestions may be valuable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CHILTON.

F. S. LYON.

J. L. M. CURRY.

