
plicate of the inclosed, and send a courier to you, fearing that the train may not pass down. I have not got a force sufficient to warrant me in meeting the enemy nor have I transportation to enable me to retreat.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. GLADDEN,

Brigadier General 2nd Corps, 2nd Grand Div., Army Miss. Valley.

P. S.-From best information there are at Savannah sixty-five boats; fifty-seven landed yesterday. I think there are at least 25,000 troops.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BATTALION CAVALRY, Camp Purdy, March 12, 1862.

Brigadier General A. H. GLADDEN:

GENERAL: Information has just reached me by one of our scouts direct from Major Baskerville that the enemy are landing in large force. They have 30,000 at Savannah. The major also says seventy boats have passed Coffee.

I am, sir, your most obedient and humble servant,CHARLES G. FEILD,

Captain, Commanding.

CORINTH, March 12, 1862-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Iuka:

If the enemy lands, hold him in check and report to me speedily. Don't expose your force by fighting him under his gunboats. As soon as his movement is fully developed I will support you with forces now in readiness to move.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

EASTPORT, March 12, 1862.

General BRAGG, Jackson, Tenn.:

Country admirably adapted for a small force to hold a large one in check, and if he lands I can hold him back until re-enforcements can reach me. I am inclined to think the landing will be at Hamburg and the march on Corinth. The women and children in that region on the river were warned by the enemy to leave. I have cavalry pickets on both sides of the river and extending to the enemy's lines. One gunboat badly crippled. They fought from the Eastport Landing, which is called 10 miles from Chickasaw, where our battery was. It may have been to test the range of our guns and their effect at the Eastport Landing. If I had the means I would move the battery this side of Bear Creek. The gunboats cannot go above Chickasaw. I will keep you informed. No bridges between Eastport and Iuka.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

