
ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,

Numbers 6. Steamer Continental, March 12, 1862.

To insure regularity and efficiency of supplies each brigade will appoint an officer to act as brigade commissary. This officer will ascertain the approximate strength of his command, and will draw from the depot at least ten days' supplies in bulk, receipting therefor. Each regimental commissary will make a regimental return of provisions, approved by the commander of the brigade, upon which the issue will be made, to be distributed to the several companies. Brigade commanders will be held responsible that their brigades have on hand at all times not less than three days' provisions in possession of the regiments or companies. To facilitate issues, as long as the command is on board of steamboats the boats of the same brigade and also of the division, when practicable, must lie together; therefore the brigade commander's boat must lead, and when he makes a landing the succeeding boats must follow him.

In like manner should be appointed to each brigade by the commander thereof a brigade quartermaster, who will supply the regiments of his brigade with wood, straw, and forage, and have charge of any wagons or horses that may be captured or taken for the use of the army. When forage can be purchased the brigade quartermaster will receipt for the forage, specifying the brigade and division for which it is designed, with the price agreed on. He will account for the forage on his quarterly return, specifying from whom it was received. If the owner of forage be unwilling to sell, and in the opinion of the commanding officer then present it be necessary for the use of the army, then the brigade quartermaster will take it and leave a receipt, to be settled by the chief quartermaster or to form the basis of claim against the Government at the close of the war. I all cases brigade quartermasters will take up on their returns all forage, &amp;c., thus taken, and issue in the same manner as other public stores.

by order of Brigadier General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 13, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Fort Henry:

You cannot be relieved from your command. There is no good reason for. I am certain that all which the authorities at Washington ask is that you enforce discipline and punish the disorderly. The power is in your hands; use it, and you will be sustained by all above you. Instead of relieving you, I wish you as soon as your new army is in the field to assume the immediate command and lead it on to new victories.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 13, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Fort Henry, Tenn.:

Don't bring on any general engagement at Paris. If enemy appears in force, our troops must fall back. It is not the proper point to attack,

