
COURTLAND, March 15, 1862.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL:

The creek at this place is impassable, and the one near Tuscumbia doubtless in the same condition. One battery of my artillery is in Courtland, and cannot be crossed except on cars. It will probably be ten days or two weeks before the water will admit of artillery moving on the dirt road to Corinth. Can you send me a train of platform and stock cars to move my two batteries with? If not, they will perhaps remain behind some time. All my infantry has gone forward, and I will leave in a few minutes. Send answer to Colonel Helm to-night.

T. C. HINDMAN,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, March 15, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

General Beauregard requested me to re-enforce him yesterday with a brigade and two regiments at Iuka, as he expected battle. I have sent on to-day Hindman's brigade and two regiments of Wood's by rail to Corinth and Iuka. Generals Beauregard and Bragg are at Jackson; General Ruggles at Corinth; my advance, under General Hindman, at Courtland; the remainder of my troops in this vicinity. The rains have been excessive and yet continue, rendering movement of troops for the present impossible. The enemy are assembling large forces at Savannah, threatening an attack near Bethel and Purdy. The railroad bridge there destroyed by enemy. The provisions and stores from the main depots have been secured, and many more are being secured for future use.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Iuka, Miss., March 15, 1862.

Captain ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

CAPTAIN: Upon my return to Iuka last night I examined the dispatches received by me at Eastport night before last, which I had preserved, and I copy them literally. The first one was as follows:

CORINTH, 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Iuka:

The enemy have landed, eighteen thousand strong, at Crump's Landing, driving in our pickets. Hold your principal forces in readiness at Iuka for an immediate movement to this point by railroad. Leave a sufficient force to hold your battery and guard the approaches from the river. I will send you transportation if possible; if not, you must take it.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Acting under this dispatch I consummated dispositions which I had already begun, leaving my light artillery, Captain Roddey's, company of cavalry, Colonel Looney's Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiment, and Lieutenant-Colonel Golladay's Alabama battalion at Eastport, and marched toward Iuka with the remainder of my forces. About an hour

