
only be re-enforced by such troops as he can raise in that section of the country; but that should he be able to advance you might support him with a portion or the whole of your column.

As far as it can be ascertained from the reports of the enemy, they have withdrawn their troops from that portion of Kentucky to re-enforce their army on the Mississippi.

General Marshall has been directed to place himself in communication with you and to regulate his movements by any instructions he may receive from you; though it is not the wish of the President that you withdraw him from that section of country or control his operations, unless you find it feasible to unite with him in an advance into the State of Kentucky.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

JACKSON, March 16, 1862.

Major-General BRAGG or General RUGGLES [Corinth]:

Two strategic points between Crump's Landing and Eastport, according to map, are Chamberlain and Corinth, where troops could be collected, with one brigade about Purdy and another about Iuka, and proper advance guards and pickets.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

JACKSON, March 16, 1862.

General POLK:

Continue the movement of your forces on Bethel.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Iuka, Miss., March 16, 1862.

Colonel R. F. LOONEY, Eastport:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Chalmers to instruct you to send all your cavalry, except so many as may be needed for couriers, down to Yellow Creek, to observe the movements of the enemy and harass and check them in any attempt to cross that stream, should they land below it. You will also select a spot on the road leading to Eastport from Yellow Creek suitable for an ambuscade, and when you are informed that they have started toward you you will at once take position at that place, and hold them in check until you can send information here and be re-enforced.

Lieutenant-Colonel Golladay has orders to march to-night with the Alabama Battalion to aid you.

I am, very respectfully,

HENRY CRAFT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

