
Clinton, and I go immediately to Cumberland Gap. The small force at my command makes the defense of East Tennessee very difficult, if not impossible, against an invasion in force.

I have ordered the removal of commissary stores, as recommended in my telegram yesterday.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Similar dispatch to General A. S. Johnston.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 16, 1862.

Colonel LEADBETTER,Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: In addition to the letter herewith inclosed, I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he is induced to believe the enemy will endeavor to effect the crossing of Clinch River at one or more points south of confluence with Powell's River. He therefore directs that you will push on your troops rapidly to Clinton, to prevent their crossing there, and that by frequent reconnaissances of the road from Clinton to Priceville and other roads in the vicinity of Clinch River you may learn the movements, intentions, and force of the enemy.

The general will leave immediately for Cumberland Gap, from which place he will take all the avilable troops and push forward to Jacksborough. He will reach that place Friday evening, and will expect you with your command to meet and co-operate with him either in an attack upon the enemy, if in force there, or in a demonstration upon their rear if they have moved in this direction.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 16, 1862.

Colonel D. LEADBETTER, Commanding:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has received information that the enemy crossed the mountains with the following force: Second Regiment Tennessee Volunteers (infantry), Forty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers (infantry), Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers (infantry), and Munday's cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., March 17, 1862.

Honorable J. G. SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, through Honorable William Fargan, and to return my sin-

