
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 6. Jackson, Tenn., March 17, 1862.

The following general orders from the headquarters of Major-General Bragg are approved by the general commanding this army, who profoundly regrets their necessity. They are adopted for this entire command, and will be enforced in all respects for the credit and honor of our several States and our cause:

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND GRAND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 9. Bethel, Tenn., March 16, 1862.

With a degree of mortification and humiliation he has never before felt, the major-general commanding has to denounce acts of pillage, plunder, and destruction of the private property of our own citizens by a portion of the troops of this command, which bring disgrace upon our arms, and, if not checked, will assuredly entail disaster upon our cause. Men capable of such acts may swell our numbers, but will never add strength to our armies. They would do less harm by serving in the ranks of the enemy; and, if not prepared to abandon the vicious habits they have unfortunately contracted, had better lay down their arms and retire. Gallant men, not thus demoralized, stand ready to use them, and will do so with that firm reliance on an overruling Providence which a consciousness of right can alone give. The first step toward achieving success is to deserve it. Commanders of all grades will be held responsible for the suppression of this great crime.

Full compensation will in all instances be made from the pay of the offenders, and where this fails in its object, summary punishment will be inflicted. The general will not hesitate to order the death penalty where it may be necessary, and will approve its execution by subordinates where milder measures fail.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 18, 1862.-For A. S. Johnston to Jefferson Davis, in reference to Forts Henry and Donelson and affairs generally in Kentucky and Tennessee, see Series I, Vol. VII, p. 258.]

DECATUR, March 18, 1862.

Major General W. J. HARDEE, Huntsville:

Enemy in large force opposite Columbia. Order Morgan's cavalry to move forward to this place immediately. Instruct him to burn the bridges or not, as he may find expedient. Answer.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

DECATUR, ALA., March 18, 1862.

Colonel B. H. HELM, Tuscumbia:

Make silent preparations to burn the Florence Bridge as soon as the enemy's gunboats may pass Eastport or the enemy approach Florence from north side of the river. Place scouts at proper points to ascertain and report to you in full time to insure the execution of this order when necessary.

Answer, and warn operators not to speak of this message.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

