
DECATUR, ALA., March 18, 1862.

Major-General BRAGG, Corinth:

SIR: I am informed that there are about 300 men in Tishomingo County, who belonged to Colonel Reynolds' Twenty-sixth Mississippi, a "war" regiment, which was surrendered at Donelson, who are desirous of uniting themselves with the "war" regiment now being raised by Colonel Lowry. I would suggest that these men be organized into three companies. There are only four commissioned officers among these men present and fit for duty. These might be assigned to the three companies with the same rank they now hold; the other officers in the companies might be filled by elections, allowing the four officers above named, of course, the privilege of promotion, by election, if the men desire it. When organized I see no reason why the three companies should not be attached to Colonel Lowry's regiment. Should any of the other officers become fit for duty, the Government can provide for them in the future.

No other mode seems to me of making the services of these men available at this time, and I therefore recommend the course above indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

All stragglers of the Mississippi regiments that may come in to this point will report to Brigadier-General Chalmers, to be organized according to within suggestion.

Refer to General C.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

C. F., [March 18, 1862]-6 p. m.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:

Push forward our assistance. The enemy in force is moving upon us, and his advance only 12 miles off.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General.

DECATUR, March 18, 1862.

General BRAGG, Corinth:

Now moving forward as fast as possible. Where did the enemy land on the river? To what place are they marching? In what force? Have they landed at any other point between Eastport and Florence? Do you know my cipher or General Beauregard's? Use either in important communications. Ninety-three miles to Corinth.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.

HDQRS. SECOND GRAND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Corinth, Miss., March 18, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Miss., Jackson, Tenn.:

COLONEL: On the receipt of your dispatches of the 15th and 16th, the evening of the latter I made immediate dispositions to concentrate

