
[CHAP. XXII.

ated, and so of Mobile. Bragg, you probably know, is at Memphis. The force there is small, say three regiments, and no fortifications.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The river is falling rapidly, and it is very important to begin to remove the obstructions placed in it. Diving boats are required. Eads and Nelson, of Saint Louis, are the only persons that have them. One of them should be at work without a day's delay. The Louisville road will not be in condition to supply us for some time.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,

Numbers 7. Steamer Continental, March 13, 1862.

I. When the gunboats leave, followed by the Continental, the division will move in the order heretofore named (see Orders, Numbers 3., of March 10), keeping well together, and leaving and interval of at least 300 yards between brigades. Should a boat fall out, the others will proceed, leaving a space for her to return.

II. Every colonel of a regiment will be held responsible that his command is supplied with forty rounds of ammunition in the cartridge boxes; that the able-bodied men are prepared to march with blankets and two days' rations in their haversacks, without wagons or any transportation, and that 20 men of each regiment carry axes slung on their persons, and that axes be distributed to the leading companies. On all marches, halts, or in action, officers and men must keep their places at all times, and in the event of not receiving orders each regiment must follow its leader.

III. In case a landing is made, it may be ordered by the rear, in which case the brigade will march left in front, and regiments will disembarked and march by the left flank. Officers and men must be cautioned to obey orders without question. The objects to be accomplished are special and different from what they expect, but are a part of a grand design, devised by the same mind that planned the victories of Forts Henry and Donelson, and led to the evacuation of Columbus and Nashville without a blow.

Commanders of brigades and colonels of regiments will alone be advised of the plan and object of the expedition.

The commanding general enjoins silence at all times, that orders may be heard. Nothing so soon produces disorder and defeat as the habit of talking in the ranks, shouting, and noise. Orders cannot be heard; defeat and ruin follow. Silence and celerity of movements are the best means to secure success and victory.

If any officer or soldier leaves the ranks without the permission of his captain, or if they engage in or permit acts of pillage and plunder, they will surely be punished. The laws of Congress make pillage punishable be death, but the disgrace which attends the practice attaches itself to the cause, and prevents that respect with which it should be our aim to impress our enemies now, who must become our friends before peace can be hoped for.

