
CORINTH, March 19, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:

Have neither ciphers. Landed in force at Pittsburg. Have pressed our pickets back to Purdy and within 10 miles of this point. Threatened railroad at Burnsville, but only got within 4 miles, on account of bad roads. Main force concentrated at Savannah and Pittsburg. Numbers variously estimated 25,000 to 50,000. Have not above Eastport.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

DECATUR, March 19, 1862.

Major-General BRAGG, Corinth:

Do not call forward the force that I am now posting at Tuscumbia. When my rear and trains pass Tuscumbia I will myself order forward that force and the forces which I have stationed between that place near Corinth.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.

DECATUR, March 19, 1862-2 p. m.

Major-General BRAGG, Corinth:

General Wood's brigade is now at Iuka. I will send another brigade to Burnsville to-night or in the morning, my other troops following. Designate proper point for junction.

A. S. JOHNSTON.

DECATUR, March 19, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:

Transportation is being sent to you as rapidly as possible. Our line is threatened at Iuka and Burnsville. A brigade at the former and regiment at the latter had better be left by you.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CORINTH, MISS., March 19, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi, Jackson, Tenn.:

DEAR GENERAL: You will have seen my entire change of purpose since Captain Jordan left me at Bethel and before your valued favor of the 17th reached me this morning. The troops arrived too slowly, were too poorly supplied, and too badly organized, instructed, and disciplined, to justify a hope of even carrying them to the point desired, much less a success against a well-organized foe.

Under the pressure of all kinds here I find it almost impossible to effect a speedy organization; but a temporary arrangement has gone into effect-Withers and Ruggles commanding the two divisions of my forces, subdivided into proper brigades, and Johnston's and Polk's taking positions respectively with their present organization on my right and left as they arrive. I hope to perfect my permanent arrangement

