
by to-morrow, but it is exceedingly difficult to get the necessary information.

This position is unquestionably the strategic point for this section of country. Chamberlain, which I did not find when first suggested, but since discovered on an old map, is very near the point occupied by an advanced brigade thrown out from here.

For want of cavalry I am unable to keep the front of it in observation, as desired, but the roads are in such condition from the recent rains that neither party can advance, and by the time they improve I hope to be in better condition.

Your views are invaluable, and you have my cordial thanks for the full and free expression of them. Trusting that you will soon be able to join us and superintend their execution, I am, yours, most truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECATUR, March 19, 1862-2 p. m.

Major-General HARDEE, Tuscumbia:

It is reported by my engineer that the enemy have no iron-clad gunboats on the Tennessee. Field batteries can be used effectively against their gunboats.

A. S. JOHNSTON.

PULASKI, March 19, 1862-4.36.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Commanding Western Department:

GENERAL: Your orders of 17th and 18th are received and shall be carried out particularly in relation to the cotton, as far as practicable. My last information from Columbia is that the enemy had not crossed in any force, the burning of the pike bridge over Duck River having checked them for the time. I have two companies in that vicinity, who will keep me fully posted. I shall remain here, forwarding Government property and the straggling soldiers, a large number of whom are hourly coming in. To get these off I shall need some more cars, and would thank you to send all that can be spared; otherwise I fear that many of our infantrymen who have been absent on furlough will not be able to rejoin their commands.

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel First Louisiana Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,

Numbers 11. Corinth, Miss., March 19, 1862.

I. The major-general commanding the grand division assumes the immediate command of the troops at and near this position.

* * * * * * *

As the enemy is close at hand, and a collision may be expected at

