
any moment, the troops will be held in camp ready for immediate action. The roll calls required by regulations will be attended by all officers and men, and the troops will appear under arms ready for action at reveille, retreat, and tattoo.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., March 19, 1862.

Colonel LEADBETTER,Clinton, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I am just in receipt of a communication from the general commanding, from which the following extract is made for your information and direction:

CUMBERLAND GAP, Tuesday, March 18, 1862.

MAJOR: * * * The force of the enemy which has crossed the mountains is variously estimated at from one to six regiments; but we have no intelligence of other of their troops than Carter's brigade being in this part of the country on either side of the mountains.

Colonel Leadbetter's command should be re-enforced by all the available troops at Knoxville. Floyd's brigade and Colonel Maney's battalion would sufficiently strengthen him. The general will leave here himself to-morrow with all the force that can be spared from this point. From the condition of the roads, even if not opposed by the enemy, it will require four days to reach Jacksborough. The general will regulate his march so as to reach Jacksborough on Saturday, unless he meets the enemy in force at Fincastle, near which place they are said to have a camp. If this should be the case he will hold them in check until Colonel Leadbetter can come up on Sunday; otherwise he will expect him to join and co-operate with him at Jacksborough on Saturday.

Respectfully,

J. F. BELTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel Maney, commanding, with Floyd's brigade (500 men say) and his battalion, will leave here to-morrow morning, going via Clinton to join you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, VA., March 19, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your letter of the 13th. I am glad your are placed in command of the military operations of the country. It is the appointment I should have made had I been the appointing power. I know if anything can be done with the army for the cause you will do it.

I want to be perfectly explicit with you, and that you shall understand my case; then you will act officially in regard to it as in your judgment the interests of the public service shall require, and you may be certain I will be satisfied with the result.

