
without delay, and I desire that your regiment shall come on also. Have the bridges and trestles on the railroad to the Alabama State line about half way between Athens and Elk River. No damage will be done to this latter road, unless specially ordered. When you reach the end of the embankment opposite this place your wagons will be brought over on the cars. Let all the cars sent on to Pulaski return before destroying any part of the road this side.

Very respectfully,

A. S. JOHNSTON.

JACKSON, TENN., March 20, 1862.

Father MULLON,

Saint Patrick's Church, New Orleans, La.:

DEAR FATHER: Your favor of March 14 has just been received.* The call which I made on the planters of the Mississippi Valley to contribute their bells from their plantations to be cast into cannon is being so promptly met, that I am in hopes of being spared the necessity of depriving our churches of any of their sacred appendages. Our wives and children have been accustomed to the call, and would miss the tones of "the church-going bell;" but if there is no alternative we must make the sacrifice, and should I need it I will avail myself of your offer to contribute the bell of Saint Patrick's Church, that it may rebuke with a tongue of fire the vandals who in this war have polluted God's altar.

Let me thank you for the expressions of kindness and regard toward myself with which your letter abounds. I can only hope that the day is not far distant when peace will once more bless our country and I shall visit again a quiet home.

I remain, very truly, yours,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 20, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,Decatur, Ala.:

General Smith telegraphed you on the 16th instant that the enemy had passed the mountains, and that he had sent 2,000 men to Clinton, while he would go immediately to Cumberland Gap. General Floyd's infantry is here, but consists of only 300 men. These, with a battalion of Colonel Maney's regiment, are ordered to re-enforce the force at Clinton.

There are no other troops except those who guard the pork houses and bridges.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

