
throwing a large force on the Tennessee shore from New Madrid, landing as far above Tiptonville as they can, so as to elude our gunboats, and then moving on our rear while their gunboats attack us in front. If our gunboats get out of ammunition, as they must in a few more fights or harmless bombardments, this crossing the river on rafts or launches can easily be effected, and our men and guns all lost.

When I wrote of the perilous position which our troops held at New Madrid I did not suppose that disaster was just then upon them, though I had a deep interest at stake in a son who was there. Now that interest is doubled, for my oldest son, just eighteen, is with his brother on Island 10. In a fair field I should glory in their meeting all the chances of battle, but, general, is not this sacrificing the lives of one or two thousand men without an end or an object? I beg your pardon if I seem importunate, but the disastrous and disorderly evacuation of Madrid justifies at least the apprehension of a worse disaster under greater disadvantages.

The country looks hopefully-oh! how hopefully-to you in this hour of its deepest trials here, and I feel all of that confidence which I know is in the hearts of all good patriots, but still another hope, selfish, perhaps, in its motive and inception, comes up, that is, that you will not abandon to mismanagement this handful of brave men, unless by the sacrifice of their lives the country, or even this valley, can be saved.

Most respectfully,

JAMES T. TREZEVANT.

P. S.-Colonel Hunt is absent. Many ordnance stores are here and many caissons, &amp;c. On the 12th your ordered him to send them off as fast as possible. I cannot get transportation for them, unless you will give special orders to Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad to place a train at my disposal daily till I get all away. Shot and shell and other things are being manufactured here, and they must be sent off too, but the same difficulty exists. Will you please give the order and let me know?

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Jordan will please see Major Hunt about the requisition for a train for ordnance stores contained in the P. S. to this rather long dissertation.

G. T. B.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND GRAND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS., Corinth, Miss., March 21, 1862.

Division and brigade commanders will require their staff officers to report to the chiefs of the respective staff departments of this grand division. All medical officers in this command will report to Surg. A. J. Foard, medical director, the dates of their commissions, the regiments with which serving, or hospitals at which on duty.

Division commanders will furnish details for fatigue duty when called on by any of the chiefs of the staff departments.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

23 R R-VOL X, PT II

