HEADQUARTERS, Corinth, March 24, 1862.

General LEONIDAS POLK,First Division, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: It is the order of General Beauregard that all bridges on the railroad from this place to Henderson shall be guarded. As your command now covers that whole route, I submit the matter to your consideration.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, &c.

RICHMOND, VA., March 24, 1862.

Gov. JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Troops are immediately necessary for the defense of the line of railroad through Tennessee. I urgently request you to send regiments from the Cherokee counties of Georgia to General E. K. Smith at Knoxville. Inform me of the number of regiments, their positions, and the number of arms they will require.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 24, 1862.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Major General E. Kirby Smith directs me to inform you that on the 20th instant General A. S. Johnston telegraphed him that steps should be taken to guard the approaches to Chattanooga, which were threatened in the direction of Nashville. Having no available troops, General Smith telegraphed to the Department at Richmond, and also to Governor Brown, of Georgia, requesting him to send arms and men for the protection of the place.

No response has come from Governor Brown. General R. E. Lee, commanding, responds that the Governor of Alabama has been telegraphed to send any regiment he can command to Chattanooga.

General Smith further directs me to say that it is of the first importance the railroad from Stevenson toward Nashville and the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad should be effectually obstructed, to prevent the enemy from using it for military purposes, and this will be done best by the destruction of bridges, &c., the blowing up of the culverts and tunnels. For this purpose blasting powder can be obtained at this place.

The cavalry belonging to Brigadier-General Floyd's brigade has been ordered back to Chattanooga, and under your directions will be employed in scouting the country north of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and in the direction of Sparta, Tenn. There is a force of 1,200 to 1,500 infantry and cavalry, under Brigadier-General Leadbetter, at Kingston, Tenn. You will take every precaution to check the disposition of the cavalry to maraud, and will direct them to report any advance of the enemy and its probable force. When these reports are well authenticated and important you will immediately send them to these headquarters.

