
It is greatly desired that the large amount of commissary stores should be removed to Atlanta, Ga., as soon as possible, and you will give your special attention to this matter. Instructions in relation to the removal of these stores have heretofore been given to Captain Monsarrat and also to the Government agent at Chattanooga. They, of course, should be ordered by you to report what has been done and their plans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Bethel, Tenn., March 24, 1862.

Major R. N. SNOWDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In my visit to the troops and pickets near Purdy to-day, from which I have just returned, I have confirmed previous reports of the fact that the enemy are making a road from Pittsburg across Lick Creek Bottom toward Pea Ridge road. They have completed it across South Fork of Lick Creek. By this road they may pass to Corinth or to Purdy. The enemy have also advanced some infantry and artillery to Adamsville from Savannah or Crump's Landing. Citizens report that they have sent out a detachment to cut a road from Adamsville toward the Purdy and Pittsburg road; the Shunpike road being impassable in consequence of the destruction of the bridge over Snake Creek. I have directed that this party be watched and obstructed, if practicable, in their work.

Squire Meeks, living about 10 miles from Purdy, on the Purdy and Pittsburg road, was taken prisoner on Saturday by the enemy. They also carried off 24 bales of his cotton, 3 mules, 1 horse, 12 barrels of corn, and 1,000 bundles of fodder. To-day they propose to carry away perhaps 40 bales of cotton belonging to David McKenzie, who lives some 8 miles from Purdy on Pittsburg road. I have directed scouts to burn this cotton if it can be securely done.

Inclosed herewith you will find several orders this day received through the postmaster at this place. They are dated back as far as the 6th instant, and should have reached this post at a much earlier period. The postmaster informs me that they came up from Corinth on yesterday, and that they are the only documents of any kind in his office for any commanding officer of post or general officer. They were addressed to the commanding officer at this place, and I consequently opened them. I now forward them to you in consequence of having received a note from General Beauregard's aide, asking me to make inquiries for letters for Major General L. Polk, and stating that important communications had failed to reach him.*

I have a communication from General Cheatham, asking me to send him a report of the strength and condition of my command. Please in form me if my reports are to pass through his office.

Yours, very truly,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

---------------

*Inclosures not found.

---------------

