
11 O'CLOCK P. M.

Since writing the above I have received a dispatch from Colonel Smith that seems quite suggestive. The landing of artillery at Crump's Landing cannot be for operations against Corinth. The care with which the enemy avoid showing themselves, while they are known to have a good force in front of us, indicates a purpose to act when unexpected, if possible.

In our position it will be easy to throw a force between us and Corinth, and press promptly a heavy force upon us. In addition, it seems that a force is to be moved to the left of us. You will see that ammunition is needed immediately.

B. R. JOHNSON.

MARCH 25-8 o'clock a. m.

Under the impression (derived from an officer who came from Corinth last night) that a train would pass up during the night, I have delayed my dispatches until this morning. I now send them on a hand car by a messenger.

Cannot a locomotive be sent to this point for express purposes? The distance cannot be made to Corinth on horseback in good time by the circuitous roads that can be safely traveled, and the strength of the enemy in front of us may at any moment make prompt communication of the utmost importance.

On yesterday a requisition for ammunition was forwarded to you, as we are not here advised as to what officer to address. The ammunition asked for in Colonel Smith's dispatches will, I hope, be sent by my messenger, Captain Mhoon.

Yours, very truly,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

LEBANON, VA., March 24, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: My call of the militia to the field has produced a strong movement among the Union men toward the enemy. Major Bradley, writing to me from Osborne's Ford, on the 21st, says:

Many of the Union men from the region of Estillville have been going out in squads to Kentucky, it is believed, for the purpose of joining the enemy.

This, I think, is true. Several squads have certainly passed out in that direction, one of them of from 40 to 50 men. From this county (Russell) a good many have gone. In one case a Kentuckian carried off 7 or 8 with him on the night he first saw my order to prepare the militia. I am in possession of a letter he left behind which should hang him. I hear from Buchanan that the Union men are quite bold. I know that there are a great many in Wise County. My information is that there are many in Washington, and that in the lower part of Lee they march through with drums and fifes and with colors flying.

This will give you an idea of the district in one aspect. Now, on the other hand, the militia in this county have turned out very well. I have over 500 now in camp and drilling daily in the school of the soldier. I think the militia of this county (Wise) and Scott will not make and keep up more than one full regiment. It may be well to calculate

