
column; third, the number of the word in the column, counting from the top. Thus the word junction would be designated by 146, L, 20.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST GRAND DIV., ARMY OF MISS.,Numbers 446. Corinth, Miss., March 26, 1862.

Major-General Cheatham is hereby ordered to proceed immediately, by the most expeditious route, to Bethel Station, with his command, to support the First Brigade of his division at that point.

If his command can move by rail, Major-General Cheatham will send his wagon train by the dirt road west of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

Major-General Cheatham will see that his command, before moving, is supplied with two days' cooked rations.

By order of Major-General Polk:

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 26, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,Richmond, Va.:

There are no arms at Chattanooga. I will require 5,400 stand for the troops at Dalton, Ga., and a supply of ammunition.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 26, 1862.

General D. LEADBETTER,Kingston, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send out a party on the road toward Sparta, directing the officer in command of it to push the reconnaissance as near to Nashville as possible, and so endeavor to bring reliable information of the enemy's movements in that direction. They can carry provisions and forage on their horses across the mountains about 40 miles, when they will reach a country with resources. Can you not send a spy to Nashville or its vicinity who would bring you reliable information?

The major-general also directs that the orders regulating the conduct of the cavalry be vigorously enforced. Besides, he wishes you to inspect the companies in that service under your command, especially the First Regiment East Tennessee Cavalry, and report to headquarters the degree of discipline and efficiency they have attained. If, after making your inspection, it is you opinion that any company or companies should be disbanded, you will recommend the adoption of such course, and state your reasons in the report you will make.

The department must be purged of every marauding mounted company. If the men cannot be reformed, they must be disbanded. The quartermaster has directions to send the small steamboat to you. It will be useful plying between Clinton and Kingston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

