
Monterey. A line of express couriers should be established from Bethel to this place, one-half being furnished from each place. The relays should be about 5 miles apart. The common road in rear of the railroad should be kept in as good order as practicable, especially the bridges over the streams and low places; for at any time the division of General Cheatham may be called upon to travel over it for the purpose of re-enforcing the army at this point in the event of a great battle occurring here or in this vicinity.

General Cheatham should be instructed to guard with infantry pickets all the culverts and bridges between Henderson and this place, each picket consisting of from 5 to 15 men, according to the importance of the culvert or bridge.

General Polk will order an officer of his staff to see to the immediate execution of the above orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-General Cheatham must be instructed to reconnoiter personally, immediately upon his arrival at Bethel, the roads leading to and from that place to a distance of about 5 miles.

BURNSVILLE, MISS., March 27, 1862-1 p. m.

Colonel BREWSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth:

Yesterday near sundown there was no enemy east of Chambers Creek. I have a true man here just from the mouth of that creek. For twenty-four [hours] previous to yesterday morning they were moving troops up the west bank of Chambers Creek 3 or 4 miles, then turned toward point between Monterey and Pittsburg. They were variously estimated by the country people at from 8,000 to 20,000. Fifteen mounted Federals were in Hamburg at 3 o'clock yesterday evening.

JNumbers C. BRECKINRIDGE.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., March 27, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: By information this day received from Governor Brown, of Georgia, I learn that the six regiments about which you have been advised have moved from their camp in Georgia for Knoxville. The Quartermaster-General has forwarded for their use 3,000 blankets and 3,000 great-coats, these being all that can be furnished at present. On the day after to-morrow Colonel Gorgas will cause 2,000 muskets to be sent to you at Knoxville, and in a day or so Enfield rifles sufficient to complete arming them. It would be advisable to give the rifles to the flanking companies, at least of your old regiments, and that the new troops be armed with the muskets. The fine rifles will be more efficient in the hands of tried troops, and, moreover, such a distribution would

