
appear equitable. It is left, however, to your judgment and discretion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 27, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,Kingston, Tenn.:

GENERAL: If your camp is established near Kingston the town should be taken in charge by the military authorities, liquor establishments closed, and such other measures taken as you may deem necessary for keeping up the discipline of your command.

You will organize immediately and secretly and expedition to Montgomery, and if possible to Scott County and Huntsville. Let your force be as large and effective as you may judge necessary; but it must be so organized as to move lightly and without impediments. The force in that section, as well as I can learn, is not over 600, principally the Tory population of the country. They are reported to have thrown up some defenses 16 miles beyond Montgomery. A rapid march of infantry in their rear may effect something. I give you carte blanche, and will sustain you in any course you may find it necessary to adopt in those counties.

Supplies should, as far as possible, be withdrawn or destroyed in Scott County. All self-constituted Tory organizations summarily dealt with; all the arms removed from that neighborhood. When you find any friends to our cause you may make exceptions in their cases.

In your move on Scott County from Montgomery observe the road to Jamestown. There have been rumors that East Tennessee was to be threatened from that direction. Spare no money in obtaining reliable information by that route from Kentucky. It will give security to your flank in your operations in Scott County.

I inclose you a report of Captain Eblen's.* You will find him active, intelligent, and patriotic. He can give you information regarding that country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 28, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,Commanding, Decatur, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of telegram and orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, defining the limits of the Department of East Tennessee to the West.+ The Cumberland Range is its natural boundary in that direction. The force under my

---------------

*Not found.

+See Special Orders of March 21, on p. 354. The telegram gives substance of the order.

---------------

24 R R-VOL X, PT II

