
command is scarcely adequate for either offensive or defensive operations beyond that line. I will, however, take immediate steps for the destruction of the Nashville and Chattanooga road as far toward Murfreesborough as possible, and will observe the movements of the enemy toward Chattanooga from that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, March 28, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:

Morgan's detachment has returned from burning bridges, as ordered. There are 100 car loads of provisions at Stevenson and many thousand barrels of flour at Chattanooga. If possible, 1,000 cavalry should guard the road from this to Stevenson. From the most reliable information I have, the number of Federals at Nashville up to Sunday last was 47,000. Morgan's squadron will leave to-morrow.

S. D. MORGAN.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., March 28, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee, commanding, &c., to inform you that the Thirty-ninth, Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-third, and Fifty-second Regiments, and Ninth Battalion Georgia Volunteers, recently organized in that State, have been ordered to report to you. You have also been notified by telegraph to the same effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES, Corinth, Miss., March 29, 1862.

I. The undersigned assumes the command and immediate direction of the Armies of Kentucky and of the Mississippi, now united, and which in military operations will be known as the Army of the Mississippi.

II. General G. T. Beauregard will be second in command to the commander of the forces.

III. The Army of the Mississippi will be subdivided into three army corps, and reserves of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, as follows:

1. The First Corps, under command of Major General L. Polk, to consist of the grand division now under his command as originally organized, less the artillery and cavalry hereinafter limited and detached as reserves, and the garrison of Fort Pillow and the works for defense of Madrid Bend, already detached from that command.

2. The Second Corps, under Major General Braxton Bragg, to consist of the second grand division of the Army of the Mississippi, less the artillery and cavalry hereinafter limited and detached as reserves.

