
3. The Third Corps, under Major General W. J. Hardee, to consist of the Army of Kentucky, less the cavalry, artillery, and infantry hereinafter limited and detached as reserves.

4. The infantry reserve, under command of Major General G. B. Crittenden, shall be formed of a division of not less than two brigades.

IV. The brigade of each army corps and of the reserves will be so formed as to consist severally of about 2,500 total infantry and one light battery of six pieces, if practicable.

V. Divisions shall consist of not less than two brigades and of one regiment of cavalry.

VI. All cavalry and artillery not hereinbefore assigned to divisions and brigades will be held in reserve; the cavalry under Brigadier-General Hawes, the artillery under an officer to be subsequently announced.

VII. All general orders touching matters of organization, discipline, and conduct of the troops published by General G. T. Beauregard to the Army of the Mississippi will continue in force in the whole army until otherwise directed, and copies thereof will be furnished to the Third Army Corps and to the reserves.

VIII. Major General Braxton Bragg, in addition to his duties as commander of the Second Army Corps, is announced as chief of the staff to the commander of the forces.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

JACKSONPORT, March 29, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:

Your order [23rd instant] received. Will be executed as promptly as possible. I go this evening to see General Beauregard at his request, and to prepare army on the march to Des Arc.

EARL VAN DORN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 29, 1862.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of 27th instant* has just been received. use every effort to obstruct the Nashville and Stevenson road as far toward Nashville as possible. Secure the rolling stock by all manner of means. The bridge over Elk River and the tunnel should be destroyed. Make arrangements for 5,000 men from Dalton, Ga., who are ordered to Chattanooga. Select some suitable camping ground in that vicinity, where their discipline and instruction can be attended to. These troops will be forwarded from Dalton as fast as the arms now en route from Richmond arrive. I will organize a brigade and place it under your command as soon as unassigned regiments arrive.

Keep me constantly advised of the movements of the enemy coming from Nashville. My information is that about 4,000 Federals are at or near Murfreesborough. None are at Nashville. Their columns are moving from that place down the valley of the Mississippi.

You must take such steps for the protection of the bridge over the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

