
Murfreesborough last Saturday was a week ago were about 10,000 strong, infantry and cavalry; that they there divided, one portion, going to Manchester, the other to Shelbyville. The force at Manchester, or rather that arrived at Beech Grove, 12 miles from there, is said to be 5,000.

The major-general also directs me to say that your communications will be addressed, as may be indicated by their subject-matter, to the proper officers of his staff, as required by article 34, section 441, Army Regulations, and republished in General Orders, Numbers 14, Adjutant and inspector General's Office, Richmond, October 4, 1861.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., March 30, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,Commanding, &amp;c., Lebanon, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 24th instant to the Adjutant and Inspector General has been referred to me. In reply, I have to say that all the arms we have at our disposal here are being put in the hands of troops going into the field, and at this time there are none that I can furnish you with. You will make a requisition for such as you require, and all that can be obtained shall be sent to you. You have authority to purchase such private arms as you can obtain. I applied to the Governor, but he had none to furnish to your men.

Such is the scarcity of arms that [we] are having pikes made. If they will be of service to you, they can be sent you. As for ammunition, you will make a requisition for such kind and quantity as you need, and it will be sent to you.

With regard to sending a receiver, under the sequestration act, to your district, I will call your attention to the provision of that act, which applies only to alien enemies, and not to cases of disloyalty among our own citizens. Treason and disloyalty among the latter class are punishable under the laws and Constitution, which you are aware impose no penalty of forfeiture of estate, even in case of treason, except during the life-time of the party convicted. If it be deemed advisable, perhaps Congress might authorize the seizure of property in cases such as you mention, and you are aware that you have power to arrest and detain disloyal persons when the public service requires it, and to seize for military purposes property left on their farms.

I am pleased to hear of your success with the militia, and hope you will spare no exertion to bring out the full strength of the country you are defending.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST AT PURDY, March 31, 1862.

Major C. G. ROGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: A private in Colonel Bennett's battalion of cavalry came in this evening from Coffee, on the Tennessee River, below Savannah. There

