
your command will move on and cross Lick Creek, and after thoroughly reconnoitering the country will return by the Ridge road around the head of Lick and Chambers Creeks. The cavalry under Colonel Clanton will occupy positions in front of Monterey.

You will take 100 cavalry with you, and after completing your reconnaissance will direct them to join their regiment.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, March 31, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Maxey, commanding at Chattanooga, reports the enemy in force at Manchester and Shelbyville, estimated at 10,000 strong. This is probably exaggerated. He also states that all the bridges on the Chattanooga and Nashville road are destroyed between Nashville and the tunnel. By my directions he is preparing to obstruct the tunnel by blasting. He has no force at Chattanooga, but a battalion of Maney's regiment, First Tennessee, and some cavalry. I have ordered the only armed regiment here (the Fifth Georgia) to Chattanooga, and also 900 stand of arms, with ammunition for one regiment, telegraphed for from Dalton. This is all the disposable force in the department.

The garrison at Cumberland Gap is already weakened by the removal of the Fifth Georgia and Ninth Mississippi.

The small force under Brigadier-General Leadbetter, beyond Kingston, cannot be removed, as that point is threatened from Jamestown and by that at Manchester. Until arms arrive from Richmond I can do nothing better for the defense of Chattanooga.

I have telegraphed to General Johnston the information received from General Maxey.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., March 31, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,Commanding, &amp;c., in East Tennessee, &c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: By direction of General R. E. Lee, commanding, &c., I have the honor to inform you that the attention of the President has been called to the several subjects of your memoranda-the inadequacy of your force, the hostility of the people, and the necessity for martial law. In reference to the latter you will please report the exact limits of the country over which you desire the establishment of martial law and when you desire it to go into effect.

With regard to the limits of your department, the general commanding directs me to say that by the orders issued from the War Department, copies of which are doubtless in your possession, you will perceive that your command embraces East Tennessee from the Virginia line as far west as Chattanooga and the troops in its vicinity.

