
not too great. This I think will be more manifest to you when we meet and I can explain certain topographical details, which you may not have had the means of gaining information about. The plan which I propose for this force is, in general terms, to strike at the points occupied by the enemy on the Memphis and Charleston road. The first step in this plan will be to advance in two columns, one through Murfreesborough, Shelbyville, and Fayetteville, the other through Columbia. The enemy's line should be cut west of Decatur, not farther west than Corinth, I should say, but it cannot very well be determined at this time at what point the river should be crossed. Florence is the most desirable, if we can secure the bridge, or we may use the point held by Smith. The line east of Decatur must at the same time be looked to. I state the matter in general terms. The details I hope to have an opportunity to consult you about in a few days. My telegraph last night gives all the information I have in regard to the position of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We see in the new arrangement of military departments Tennessee west of Knoxville falls under Halleck; east of Knoxville, under Fremont.* We entreat that the State be not divided. Place it all under Halleck. We entreat that the State be not divided. Place it all under Halleck. This is most important. For God's sake do not divide East Tennessee into two military departments. We have suffered enough already from a conflict of military authorities.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

HORACE MAYNARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 14, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Nashville:

A diving-boat will be sent up the Cumberland as soon as possible. The enemy has a large force at Island Numbers 10, and holds on with great tenacity. The position is turned, and will soon be attacked.

I am satisfied that the enemy's present line of defense extends from Decatur to Island Numbers 10. We must attack it in the center, say at Corinth or Jackson. General Smith has established himself at Savannah. I think all your available force not required to defend Nashville should be sent up the Tennessee. This seems to be the best line of operations, as it leads directly to the enemy's center, and is easily supplied. Give me your views.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*See President's order of March 11, p.28; Stanton to Johnson, March 22, p. 57; and Stanton to Buell, March 23, p. 59.

---------------

