HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, April 1, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: There are at Chattanooga three heavy guns (two fine 24-pounder rifled and one 32-pounder smooth bore) without carriages.

I have telegraphed to Augusta for the means of mounting them, but there are no carriages there.

I would suggest that they be removed at once from this department if carriages cannot be promptly furnished for them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have just learned that the commanding officer at Chattanooga has sent the pieces referred to above to Atlanta. Orders should at once be given for the construction of carriages.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, April 1, 1862.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

I am directed by Major General E. Kirby Smith to say that he has the following information respecting the force and distribution of the troops of the enemy: 800 infantry (Kentucky regiment) are at Lebanon; 200 cavalry at Manchester; 80 cavalry at McMinnville, and small detachments of cavalry at Woodbury, Smithville, and Auburn. He thinks that much service might be rendered by a cavalry force operating against the enemy in that section. There are many people there friendly to the cause, and the enemy, though well armed, are badly mounted.

If you think it advisable you can send a cavalry command, under an active and energetic but cautious commander, in that direction. Besides the annoyance and check given to the enemy much valuable information might be obtained. Some of the cavalry of Floyd's late command were recruited in that part of the State, and, knowing the country and being among friends and acquaintances, might be advantageously used for the duty designated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Corinth, Miss., April 2, 1862.

GENERAL: * The commander of the forces directs that you hold your command in hand ready to advance upon the enemy in the morning by 6 a. m., with three days' cooked rations in haversacks, 100 rounds of ammunition for small-arms and 200 rounds for field pieces. Carry two days' cooked subsistence in wagons and two tents to the company.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*To Generals Polk, Bragg, and Hardee.

---------------

