HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE, Monterey, April 2, 1862.

Major GEORGE G. GARNER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth:

MAJOR: Lieutenant Martin, of Captain Roddey's company, has, under my orders, made to-day a thorough reconnaissance of the country between Hamburg and Lick Creek, and has just made his report. From him I learn that the information upon which I reported to you this morning was not correct, and that it is not feasible to cross Lick Creek from the direction of Hamburg except with cavalry, and consequently a flank attack from that direction, such as was contemplated by my report, would not be practicable.

Two transports and one gunboat passed Hamburg going up this morning, and one transport went down this afternoon. Whether either of these transports had troops was not ascertained.

Two citizens who live within the enemy's line have been seen to-day. One of them reports that the enemy have no fortifications, but were to-day moving two 24-pounders out to the front. The other says that the enemy are suffering terribly from sickness, some of their regiments not having more than 100 men for duty; that they say they designed attacking Corinth last week, but for some reason deferred it, and that they now intend to make the attack within the coming week.

This information is not regarded as very reliable-I mean this report of the citizen last referred to.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Corinth, Miss., April 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,Commanding Advance:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will prepare your command for a move early to-morrow morning, taking five days' cooked rations (three in haversacks, two in wagons) and 100 rounds of ammunition to each man and 200 rounds for each piece of artillery. Two tents will be allowed each company.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Corinth, Miss., April 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,Commanding Advance:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will assume command of all the forces in the advance and hold them ready, with five days' rations, cooked, to move at a moment's notice.

If there should be anything wanting for your command, you will as soon as possible inform us of the same.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

