SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Numbers 5. Corinth, Miss., April 2, 1862.

* * * * * * *

III. Colonel A. J. Lindsay, of the C. S. Cavalry, having been ordered to report to these headquarters, is ordered to proceed immediately to his regiment, at Lexington, Tenn., and assume command of the companies stated in Special Orders, Numbers 4, from headquarters Army of the Mississippi.

He will receive from Lieutenant-Colonel Miller the written orders and instructions he has received, and will obey them so far as they do not conflict with those subsequently issued.

Colonel Lindsay's regiment will occupy the line from Lexington, Tenn., to Huntington. He will keep in constant communication with the commanders of cavalry on his right and left, whose headquarters respectively are at Purdy Station and McKenzie Station. Colonel Lindsay will have under observation and guard all the roads and approaches on the front of the line he is ordered to occupy, and he will see that his scouts connect with the cavalry scouts of Lieutenant-Colonel Brewer on his right and Colonel Claiborne on his left. He is instructed to place his main body at a position where it can be made most speedily available to re-enforce any part of his line that may be threatened. He will render such protection as he can give Government officials and agents in procuring supplies from the country in his front and rear, and will co-operate with Lieutenant-Colonel Brewer and Colonel Claiborne in any movement against the enemy which may meet the approval of his judgment.

Colonel Lindsay is also instructed to exercise great caution in permitting persons to pass in or out of his lines, and will seize all suspicious persons and forward them under guard to general headquarters, with a written statement of the facts that caused the arrest.

Under the provisions of an act of the Confederate Congress, approved March 6, 1862, it is rendered the duty of all military commanders in the service of the Confederate States to destroy all cotton, tobacco, or other property that may be useful to the enemy, if the same cannot be safely removed, whenever in their judgment the said tobacco, cotton, and other property is about to fall into the hands of the enemy, and Colonel Lindsay will see to the execution of this duty in the event it should become necessary. If he is forced by any operations of the enemy to assume a new line, Colonel Lindsay will retire, in concert with the commanders of cavalry on his right and left and on successive lines, keeping as close to the enemy's lines as practicable. On joining the main body of the Army of the Mississippi Colonel Lindsay's regiment, under Special Orders, Numbers 4, from General A. S. Johnston, will become a part of the general cavalry reserve.

* * * * * * *

[No signature.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, April 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Every effort made by the State authorities to call out the militia of East Tennessee has proved unavailing. The county officers

25 R R-VOL X, PT II

