
chosen in the late State elections are generally open advocates and supporters of the Federal Government. The people only await the appearance of a Northern army to range themselves under their banner.

The arrest of the leading men in every county and their incarceration South may bring these people right. They are an ignorant, primitive people, completely in the hands of and under the guidance of their leaders, whose misrepresentations and distortion of facts prevent them viewing matters through an impartial medium. Remove these men, and a draft might soon be made to which a population would respond. Organized and sent South, they would soon become loyal and effective soldiers.

The county courts meet on the 7th of this month. I shall take steps in some of the counties for administering the oath of allegiance to the newly-elected officers, and have given instructions in every case of refusal to arrest and send the delinquents to Knoxville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, April 2, 1862.

On Monday next, the 7th day of April, officers are to be installed at

-----

, for the county of

-----

. The disloyalty of many citizens of that county makes it doubtful if the oath to support the Confederacy will be taken by the newly-elected officers unless the Government have some evidence there present of its power to enforce the laws. The major-general commanding, believing it of the first importance that there should be nothing omitted necessary to sustain the Government in all its departments, directs that you will detail an officer of discretion, coolness, and nerve, with 25 reliable men, with orders to proceed to

-----

, and arrive there about 9 o'clock a. m. on Monday, the 7th day of April. You will privately instruct him regarding his duties and to see that the usual oath to support the Constitution of the Confederate States of America (a copy of which is inclosed for his information) is taken by each one of the officers to be installed, and if it be refused by any one of them, to arrest him and send him under a sufficient guard to this place.

The oath may be administered by the chairman of the county court or any member of the court or by the clerk of the court.

Use the utmost secrecy and precaution in the execution of this order. Do not communicate it to the officer detailed until the last moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, April 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Colonel Rains, in command of Cumberland Gap, reports this morning that the enemy have been re-enforced by six pieces of

