
artillery and two regiments of infantry from Michigan and Minnesota, and that a large force is en route from Kentucky, under General Fremont, for the invasion of East Tennessee. I shall spare no efforts to obtain reliable information from that quarter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 3, 1862.

The PRESIDENT, Richmond:

General Buell is in motion, 30,000 strong, rapidly from Columbia by Clifton to Savannah; Mitchel behind him with 10,000. Confederate forces, 40,000, ordered forward to offer battle near Pittsburg. Division from Bethel, main body from Corinth, reserve from Burnsville converge to-morrow near Monterey. On Pittsburg, Beauregard second in command; Polk, left; Hardee, center; Bragg, right wing; Breckinridge, reserve. Hope engagement before Buell can form junction.

A. S. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Corinth, April 3, 1862.

Major General W. J. HARDEE:

You will move as soon as practicable with the portion of your command not included in the order for General Hindman by way of the Ridge and Bark road in the direction of Pittsburg, halting the head of your column to-night at a point beyond the sand hill known as Mickey's, taking Hindman with you from the crossing of the Farmington and Purdy roads.

Captain Waddell, of General Beauregard's staff, with two guides, will report to you.

By command of General Johnston:

BRAXTON BRAGG,Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE, April 3, 1862.

Major GEORGE G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Colonel Clanton has just reported verbally to me that the enemy's pickets attacked his advance pickets about daylight this morning, and he fears that two of his men were captured, though he was not able to state accurately the facts.

As soon as I am accurately informed I will report to you.

Your order to prepare for movement has been received and issued to the troops.

Our commissary stores have not arrived, but are expected hourly; we have on hand one day's rations ready cooked.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

