
In my letter to the War Department, dated the 13th ultimo, a copy of which is inclosed,* a suggestion is made that martial law should be declared throughout the whole Department of East Tennessee. I still believe the measure a necessary one within that entire limit. But six counties in East Tennessee are friendly to us; the others are disloyal; many in open revolt, in which there are organized armed bands that oppress men of Southern principles. In the recent State elections open and avowed supporters of the Federal Government have been elected to almost every office, and they will be installed on Monday next. Under their administration little justice will be meted to loyal citizens.

In conclusion, I can only repeat that the condition of affairs in East Tennessee fully demands the proclamation of martial law "throughout the entire department."

Very respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

MONTEREY, April 4, 1862-10 a. m.

Major-General POLK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Circumstances have+

my Second Division from the Purdy road. Both my divisions will move from here, then direct to Mickey's on the Savannah road. I give you this information that you may not wait for my troops at the crossing of the Purdy and Ridge roads.

General Breckinridge has not yet arrived from Burnsville, and I fear bad roads may delay him much. His command, forming the reserve, must necessarily control our movements to some extent. Let me hear from you by this courier at Mickey's.

Yours, most respectfully and truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MONTEREY ROAD, SIX MILES FROM CORINTH, April 4, 1862-10.40 a. m.

Brigadier-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: General Hardee and Generals Polk and Bragg are approaching positions assigned to them in their destination for the first day's march, which they will hold till reserve reaches Monterey. It is desirable that this should be done as soon as possible, having a due regard to an orderly march.

On your arrival at Monterey immediately put your cavalry in such a manner as to hold the country under vigilant observation toward Hamburg. Having satisfied yourself that there is no enemy in force in the direction of Hamburg, move your command in easy supporting distance of Hardee and Bragg in front, say within 3 miles of their rear.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

---------------

*See p. 320

+One line obliterated by fire.

---------------

