HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Monterey, April 4, 1862.

General POLK:

In consequence of the impracticable condition of the roads leading by

-------

* the commander of the forces has somewhat changed the movement of General Breckinridge's command-the reserve. He will move at latest at 4 a. m. to-morrow by the Ridge road to Mickey's; thence, if a road can be found in the direction of Pratt's house, on the direct road from Monterey to Pittsburg, which he will then follow until within 2 miles of General Bragg's force, where he will dispose his command en masse between the Bark road and Lick Creek. At the same time you will occupy the ground between General Breckinridge's left and Owl Creek.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTEREY, April 4, 1862-10 a. m.

Generals JOHNSTON and BEAUREGARD:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I reached here at 8.30, ahead of my rear division. Bad roads, inefficient transportation badly managed, and the usual delay of a first move of new troops have caused the delay. My First Division is at Mickey's, and the ignorance of the guide for the Second, as well as the reports I receive from people here, induce me to order my Second Division to move on the same road as the First. I am also influenced to do this from the information I have of General Hardee's advance. I will send a courier to notify General Polk of my change.

Nothing heard yet from General Breckinridge. I have sent a messenger to communicate with him and shall await a reply, as it is important for me to see him under your instructions of this morning. These delays will render it necessary to hold General Hardee in check until we can be ready in the rear. I shall take the liberty of sending this information to him, and direct him to hold up until he hears of my force being in position.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Monterey, April 4, 1862.

General POLK:

The commanding general directs me to say, on reflection, he wishes you to march promptly with your command at 3 o'clock in the morning to the support of the movement ordered to be made at that hour by Major-Generals Hardee and Bragg. It is of the utmost importance for the success of this movement that your troops shall move precisely at the time designated. It is the direction of the general that you move without baggage wagons, with three days' subsistence

------

,+ the enemy

------

+ the impending movement and will in a measure be sur-

---------------

*One word illegible.

+Words obliterated by fire.

---------------

