
prised. You will follow by the Bark road to Pittsburg, taking with you General Cheatham's division, should it have arrived in position as ordered, including whatever cavalry he may have with him; the Texas regiment, however, will be left to guard the road from Mickey's house to Savannah. Permit no delay when once this movement shall have begun.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. (SINGLETON'S) FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS., April 4, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your note changing my orders and directing me to move at 3 o'clock on to-morrow morning in support of the general movement under Generals Hardee and Bragg is received. My corps is in the position assigned it, and will move promptly at the hour appointed. I have sent a messenger to General Cheatham, and hope he may [be] in time for the movement.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 11. Corinth, Miss., April 4, 1862.

* * * * * * *

III. The chiefs of the quartermaster's and subsistence departments will take immediate measures for adding five days' rations for 20,000 men to the depot of rations ordered to be established at Monterey by Part I, Special Orders, Numbers 9, from these headquarters, making in all 200,000 rations at that point.

* * * * * * *

By command of General A. S. Johnston:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Numbers --. Corinth, Miss., April 4, 1862.

You are hereby ordered to move with your division precisely at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning on the road to Pittsburg. The movement must be promptly made, as the success of an attack upon the enemy depends on the punctual execution of this order. No baggage must be carried. All wagons will be left behind in the charge of the teamsters, except those conveying ammunition. The men will carry their blankets and have three days' cooked rations.

The ammunition of the respective regiments will be placed in wagons,

