
which, under the direction and superintendence of Quartermaster R. M. Mason, of this corps, will move in the rear of the corps.

The address of the commanding general of April 3 must be read to each regiment before it marches. The commanding generals of divisions of the corps are ordered to send copies of this order and of the commanding general's address by a staff officer to each regimental battery commander of his division, who will impress upon them verbally the great importance of prompt and free obedience.

By order of Major-General Polk:

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 4, 1862.

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,Commanding Department of East Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: By direction of General Lee, commanding, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 31st ultimo relative to the condition of affairs in your command, &amp;c., and to inform you in reply that 1,500 muskets were sent you on the 29th ultimo and 700 more were sent on the 2nd instant. The general desires me to express his satisfaction at the judicious arrangements made by you for the defense of your department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, April 4, 1862.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,Commanding, &c., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 3rd instant has been received. The establishment of a shop for the repair of small-arms at your post is approved. No furloughs are to be granted at present, and those already granted are revoked. See General Orders, Numbers 16, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, March 24, 1862. (Copy inclosed.)

Men re-enlisting for the war can be reorganized or go into other companies and regiments serving in the department, but the new organization only goes into effect on the expiration of the first term of enlistment. Captain Ragsdale's company will remain with you for the present. The arms sent you will only be issued to men present with their commands. The scarcity of arms and the difficulty of procuring them renders it essential that this should be rigorously carried out. I have just directed 800 stands to be sent you; they are all we have. Accouterments will be furnished on their arrival. You must economize ammunition in every way possible.

This department reports directly to the War Department, and is thus independent of General Johnston's command. You will telegraph me immediately on receiving any order from him.

I understand that neither you brigade quartermaster nor commissary

