
I need a guide who knows the road; am seeking one, but have not yet found one.

Respectfully,

JNumbers C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Beauregard. If we are pursued by a vigorous force we will lose all in the rear. The whole road presents the scene of a rout, and no mortal power could restrain it.

B. B.

[Second indorsement.]

All is being done that can be done.

G. T. B.

MICKEY'S, April 8, 1862-5.45 p. m.

Major-General BRAGG, Corinth:

DEAR GENERAL: I have had all sorts of alarms. After sifting everything and exploring in all directions the result at this hour is that the enemy in some force (but number very uncertain), with some cavalry and a battery of artillery, is a little less than 2 miles in front of me. I have cavalry well out on my flanks, but no evidence that he is moving on either side. He seems to be cautious, as if expecting an attack. In a charge to-day a good batch of prisoners was taken, now on the way to you.

My troops are worn-out, and I don't think can be relied on after the first volley. There is for two days food enough for the men, but the horses are sinking rapidly for want of forage.

As the wagons come I am pushing on the sick and wounded. I am informed that the road to Corinth is much obstructed by artillery, &amp;c. Can you give any help in clearing it?

The stragglers are nearly all gone by here. Please have 8 horses sent here as soon as possible to assist in drawing Byrne's battery.

Yours, truly,

JNumbers C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Corinth, Miss. April 8, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,Commanding Rear Guard, Mickey's House, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date has been referred to the general commanding, who agrees with you in the supposition that the movement of the enemy reported to you is but that of a reconnaissance, which, however, cannot be supported by artillery in the present state of the roads.

The general expects to-morrow the arrival of several fresh regiments of infantry, which will be sent to you at once.

Meanwhile every effort will be made to repair the roads for the passage of your wagons and artillery when you retire. Two of the best guides available will be sent you. General Chalmers is still and will remain at Monterey with his brigade until you are prepared to falL

