
back. Please communicate with him, so that he may be able to conform his movements with yours.

The general regards the Ridge road as the only practicable one at present. Herewith is inclosed a communication for the commanding officer of the Federal forces, which please have sent to him by a flag of truce.* If the answer is favorable, your will detail a burial party from your cavalry to bury the dead as soon as practicable.

Respectfully,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, April 8, 1862.

General CHALMERS:

GENERAL: Unless otherwise ordered by your immediate commanding officer you will allow your command to rest at Monterey, sending working parties to obstruct by cutting down trees, removing bridges, &amp;c., the bad places of the roads leading from Monterey to positions now or which may be occupied by the enemy, and which might be used by him in attacking you or in endeavoring to cut off your retreat. Look particularly to the roads leading toward Hamburg, being careful, however, not to cut off our wagons, &c. Your working parties should consist of those details left as a guard to your encampments.

As soon as your force shall have been sufficiently rested you will retire to this place on the best road from Monterey to the Ridge road passing west of the White House. The necessary wagons will be furnished you if possible. Meanwhile you will leave a guard to take care of and protect said baggage or to destroy it whenever the advanced pickets will give notice of the approach of the enemy. You will collect together as much cavalry as you shall think necessary to act as mounted pickets and guards on the roads leading into Monterey, placing them sufficiently far in advance to give timely notice of the approach of the enemy.

[G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Corinth, Miss., April 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Comdg. 2nd Brig., 2nd Div., 2nd Corps, Army of the Miss.:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes that your movements, if practicable, shall conform strictly with those of General Breckinridge at the Mickey House.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, April 8, 1862.

Major [E. E. McLEAN,

Chief Quartermaster:]

General Beauregard desires that you should call immediately upon

---------------

*See Part I, p.111.

---------------

26 R R-VOL X, PT II

