
all the corps, division, and brigade quartermasters for their teams, with harness, but without the wagons, and have them sent forthwith to the rear to re-enforce the wagons now on the road; also to assist the artillery; two-thirds to go by the Ridge road to Mickey's, one-third to the same place via Monterey. Also to send all horses that have been brought in and can be had for the transportation of the wounded.

Please furnish to the bearer two large wagons with 6 or 8 mules to bring in the wounded of the Orleans Guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, A. AND I. G. O.,

No. 21. Richmond, April 8, 1862.

I. The following proclamation is published for the information of all concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

By virtue of the power vested in me by law to declare the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do proclaim that martial law is hereby extended over the Department of East Tennessee,under the command of Major-General E. K. Smith; and I do proclaim the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that enabling the courts to take cognizance of the probate of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to assess county levies, and to order the payment of county dues), and the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in the department aforesaid.

In faith whereof I have hereunto signed my name and set my seal this eighth day of April, in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[SEAL.]

II. Major-General E. K. Smith, commanding the Department of East Tennessee, is charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation. He will forthwith establish an efficient military police, and will enforce the following orders:

All distillation of spirituous liquors is positively prohibited, and the distilleries will forthwith be closed. The sale of spirituous liquors of any kind is also prohibited, and establishments for the sale thereof will be closed.

III. All persons infringing the above prohibition will suffer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial; provided that no sentence to hard labor for more than on month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial, as directed by the sixty-seventh Article of War.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

