
MICKEY'S, April 9, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: Your letter which left by courier at 5.15 o'clock is just received. I sent by courier some hours ago the refusal of the enemy to admit our burial party.

No enemy within 4 miles of me. I have sent a cavalry regiment to the forks of the road, about 3 miles in my front, and have arrangements by which I hope to capture a train which is expected down the road for the purpose of removing Confederate and United States wounded, which my above-mentioned movement has thrown within our lines.

Our forage will be entirely exhausted to-morrow morning.

Respectfully,

JNumbers C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 9, 1862.

Brig. General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding C. S. Forces:

GENERAL: Your note of this morning has been laid before the general, who directs me to say a regiment (Newman's) will be sent out to meet your command at the intersection of the Ridge road with one from Monterey to Purdy, to which point you are authorized to retire at once. A number of men were also sent forward this morning-the guards left here in the encampments of the several regiments. As soon as these troops and Newman's regiment shall join you will place Colonel Wheeler, Nineteenth Alabama Volunteers, in command of the demi-brigade, and your present command, except the cavalry, may then be withdrawn to this place without further delay.

The general regrets exceedingly to hear of your indisposition, but trusts it is only a transient ill, from which you will soon recover, so that he and the country may have the benefit of your highest physical and mental faculties in the campaign inaugurated.

Inclosed are two open letters, which please transmit by the burial party, should the sending of one be assented to by the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL [9], 1862.

General BEAUREGARD:

I remained at Mickey's and pushed my pickets nearly to camp of enemy.

J. C. B.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 14. Corinth, Miss., April 9, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. All available cavalry of your command* at this place will proceed

---------------

*Addressed to General Polk.

---------------

