
small quantity of cavalry here, besides Fifth Georgia at Bridgeport. Everything quiet here. What shall I reply? Answer immediately. If they go, I want to go. The citizens say they will guard the bridge. Answer immediately.

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 9, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

General Beauregard telegraphs Brigadier-General Maxey that he wishes aid in the impending battle. I have ordered Brigadier-General Maxey to Corinth immediately with the Fifth Georgia, Forty-first Georgia, and Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiments from Chattanooga; also the Twentieth and Twenty-third Alabama Regiments from Kingston.

This takes all my available force in Tennessee.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 9, 1862.

General D. LEADBETTER,

Kingston, Tenn.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard telegraphs that a battle is immediately impending at Corinth, and asks that all available troops be sent to his aid. The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with the utmost dispatch with the Twentieth and Twenty-third Alabama Regiments to Loudon, Tenn., where transportation will await you at 9 o'clock Thursday evening. He also directs that these troops move as lightly as possible, unencumbered with the baggage usually carried by volunteer regiments, and with such rations as can be quickly prepared for their subsistence en route to Corinth, Miss.

You will turn over the command at Kingston to Colonel John C. Vaughn, Third Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,

No. 19. Corinth, Miss., April 9, 1862.

To further and complete the reorganization of the Second Corps, Army of the Mississippi, the major-general commanding orders that-I. Each battery engaged in the battle of the 6th and 7th instant will report without delay to their respective commanders what has been lost and where it occurred.

II. The commanders of division and cavalry brigades of the Second Army Corps will organize their commands as rapidly as possible, and

