
danger and perished gallantly for his country whilst leading forward his brave columns to victory. His signal example of heroism and patriotism, if imitated, would make this army invincible. A grateful country will mourn his loss, revere his name, and cherish his manly virtues.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 10. Corinth, Miss., April 10, 1862.

I. Major Francis A. Shoup is assigned to duty with these headquarters as acting chief of artillery. He will be obeyed in his arm of the service accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 10, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Under a telegram of the 9th instant from General Beauregard to Brigadier-General Maxey at Chattanooga, calling for re-enforcements, I ordered General Maxey immediately to Corinth with the Fifth and Forty-first Georgia and Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiments at Chattanooga, and to-day the Twentieth and Twenty-third Alabama Regiments, of Brigadier-General Leadbetter's command at Kingston, and the Thirty-ninth Georgia Regiment from this place leave for the same point.

Vaughn's Third Tennessee Regiment at Kingston, Coleman's North Carolina battalion at Clinton, the Fortieth Georgia here, the Forty-third Georgia at Chattanooga (unarmed), the small garrison at Cumberland Gap, with he necessary guards at the railroad bridges, constitute the military force of the department in consequence of this call for re-enforcements to our army at Corinth.

There are two regiments and a battalion of Georgia troops at the camp near Marietta; when mustered into the service they will be ordered into the department.

Captain Clark, who was ordered here with a light battery, arrived on the 30th ultimo, but without guns. He was assured they would be sent from Virginia, and I trust they will soon be forwarded to him.

The battery of Floyd's brigade heretofore reported as being here, but wanting harness, has been turned over to Captain Anderson, who reported to me under orders from the department a few days since for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

