
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 21. Fort Henry, March 15, 1862.

The necessity of order and regularity about headquarters, especially in keeping the records, makes it necessary to assign particular duties to each member of the staff.

The following are the duties assigned to each:

Captain J. A. Rawlins, assistant adjutant-general, assisted by Captain W. R. Rowley, aide-de-camp, will have special charge of the books of records, consolidating returns, and forwarding all documents to their proper destination.

Captain W. S. Hillyer, aide-de-camp, will see that returns are furnished by all division and other commanders, whose duties it may be to furnish said returns, direct to these headquarters.

Captain Clark B. Lagow, aide-de-camp, and Colonel John Riggin, jr., will act upon applications for passes, both of persons and property, and also have a care to the amount of supplies on hand, both of commissary stores and articles of daily consumption in the quartermaster's department, such as coal, forage, &amp;c.

Colonel J. D. Webster, chief of staff and engineers, will be the adviser of the general commanding and will give his attention to any portion of duties that may not receive proper attention.

Captain J. P. Hawkins, inspecting commissary for the Department of the Missouri, having been ordered to report to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned in the same capacity for this district. He will also have a general superintendence over the quartermaster's department for the entire military district, and as such will be obeyed and respected by all commanders, assistant and regimental quartermasters, commissaries, and acting commissaries of subsistence.

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HENRY, March 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Yesterday I telegraphed General Buell. I am authorized by Flag-Officer Foote to request you send up the Tennessee River the gunboat Carondelet. Her services are much needed on this river. Would it not be well to have an iron-clad boat on this river? The river is now very high and rising.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 16, 1862.

General GRANT, Fort Henry:

As the enemy is evidently in strong force, my instructions not to advance so as to bring on an engagement must be strictly obeyed. General Smith must hold his position without exposing himself by detachments until we can strongly re-enforce him. General Buell is moving in his direction, and I hope in a few days to send 10,000 or 15,000 more from Missouri. We must strike no blow until we are strong enough to admit no doubt of the result. If you deem Fort Heiman best for defense, occupy it instead of Fort Henry. You must decide upon all details from your better local information. What captured field pieces have you?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

