
transfer me a force from some other quarter to compensate for that taken away.

I am, very truly, &amp;c.,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HUGHES' FERRY,

Washington County, Va., April 5, 1862.

COLONEL: I have learned with surprise that recruiting officers from several brigades and regiments not attached to my command have been busily and successfully engaged for some time past, and still are so engaged, in procuring recruits, to be sent hence to their respective commands in other sections of the State.

The effect of these proceedings is to weaken the militia force of the counties assigned to my command to such an extent as to render it impossible to fill the regiments stationed in these western counties under my charge without resorting to a draft of the remaining male population, leaving no militia reserve, either for purpose of war or peace.

Conceiving that such results will probably prove detrimental to the vital interests of this particular section of Virginia, as well as to place in imminent jeopardy the very valuable interests of the Confederacy in this quarter of the country, I do not feel at liberty to permit the consummation of these recruiting enterprises by the removal of the volunteers so recruited, unless such removal shall be upon the express sanction of the public authority of the Confederate States.

You will therefore cause all living within your boundary, who have volunteered to join other commands than mine, subsequent to Governor Letcher's proclamation of the 10th of March, to be informed immediately that they are prohibited from leaving their rendezvous or the county of their residence to join any recruiting officer or any other regiment than one assigned to duty in this section and under my command.

You will also please make known to all recruiting officers who have been or are engaged in recruiting as aforesaid that it is my direction that they shall not move said volunteers until further orders from me, unless by the express order from general Headquarters of the Army.

It may be proper to observe to them that I shall present the questions arising, in the state of case their action has made, for the decision of the General commanding the Army, at the earliest practicable moment.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 11, 1862.

Governor BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Your dispatch received. Thank you for the promptitude with which you have responded to my request. Pikes and knives will be acceptable. Please send them to Chattanooga.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

