SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 20. Corinth, Miss., April 12, 1862.

The following disposition of troops will have immediate effect:

I. The troops which arrive under Brigadier-General Maxey are assigned to the First Army Corps, a brigade of which General Maxey will command.

II. Johnson's brigade, First Army Corps, will be placed in position, with Brewer's cavalry, at Bethel; with an outpost at Purdy, and will hold in vigilant observation all the approaches from the Tennessee River in that direction.

III. Captain Lockett, C. S. Engineer Corps, will have the country around Rienzi and Jacinto carefully examined with reference to the most favorable ground for encampments in that direction for the forces of Major-General Van Dorn and Price. Meantime any troops of those commands arriving at this place will be directed at once by the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to Rienzi.

IV. Adams', Scott's, and Forrest's cavalry will be charged with the cavalry outpost service in the immediate front of this army and on the right flank, to be disposed as may be specially ordered from time to time.

V. A brigade from the Second Army Corps will be thrown forward, two regiments to occupy the sand hill 2 miles west of Mickey's house and two regiments at Monterey; one regiment of cavalry, with headquarters at or near Mickey's, will maintain pickets as near as possible to the lines of the enemy. Another regiment of cavalry, with headquarters in advance of Monterey, will hold in observation all the approaches on that side from Pittsburg to Hamburg. These troops will be considered as on outpost duty, and will be guided in all respects by General Orders, No. 5, from these headquarters, dated March 17, 1862.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, April 13, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

The following dispatch sent to Captain Carter, C. S. Navy, from Captain Huger, C. S. Navy, at Fort Pillow:

The ball will open in the morning. Come up at once. Chased down this morning by seven gunboats and five mortar boats.

Magnolia goes to Ox Bows, on White River, to-night.

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain, C. S.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 21. Corinth, Miss., April 13, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier-General Maxey is specially assigned to the command of the troops now at Burnsville and Iuka, and will repair there to execute the verbal instructions he has received from these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brig. General Franklin Gardner is assigned to duty with this army as commander of all the cavalry. He will receive general instructions

