
[CHAP. XXII.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 16, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Nashville:

Move your forces by land to the Tennessee as rapidly as possible. Our troops have destroyed the railroad at Purdy, but find the enemy in strong force at Eastport and Corinth, reported 60,000. Grant's army is concentrating at Savannah. You must direct your march on that point, so that the enemy cannot get between us. He still holds on to Island Numbers 10. We bombarded him yesterday and renew it again to-day. The detention of your boats at Paducah is without my orders. It will not be repeated.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 17, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Fort Henry:

I inclose you a letter and a slip from a newspaper as a sample of what I am almost daily receiving in relation to the general plunder of public property which it is alleged took place at Fort Donelson. Representations of these robberies by our soldiers and the general neglect of the officers were made to Washington, and I have been called on time and again to have the officer and men arrested and punished. Of course I would act only through you, and as you had full power to order courts, I deemed it your duty to bring these plunderers to justice. Officers of companies, regiments, brigades, and divisions should be held strictly accountable for the conduct of their men, and where they fail to prevent such misconduct they should be arrested and tried for neglect of duty.

In justice to myself as well as to you I inclose herewith copies of a letter received from the Adjutant-General in relation to the matter and of my answer.*

I have been directed hereafter, when any plunder of this kind occurs, to arrest every officer in command of the troops engaged in it.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Savannah, Tenn., March 17, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have the honor of reporting my arrival but a few minutes since at this place. Just as I arrived a report was received from General Sherman, which I herewith inclose.# A man employed by General Smith as scout also came in, reporting the enemy very strong from Chickasaw to Corinth. Their number was estimated at 150,000, about one-third of them being at Corinth. General Johnston, with his force, is said to be with them. The number is of course very much exaggerated, and Johnston being there was very much against my expectations.

---------------

*Inclosures were Thomas to Halleck, March 10, and Halleck's reply of march 15.

See Series I, Vol. VII, pp. 683, 684.

#See Part I, p. 22, of this volume.

---------------

