
colonel to my staff as well as to me, and I trust Colonel Northrop will be brought to understand this before he can do any material mischief.

I trust the Department will understand that I have only noticed this matter because I feared injury to great public interest might result if I were silent; and I beg to add that my attention to this matter had not been attracted by any complaint from Colonel Lee.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. LITTLE'S DIV., 1ST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,Bethel, Tenn., April 16, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR:In obedience to the verbal instructions given me by the major-general commanding this corps, I have the honor to make the following report:

This morning I was called upon by Major John H. Bills, of Bolivar, Tenn., who, together with Dr. Jesse Barford and Thomas Boyle, of Hardeman, were arrested on Friday last by the Federals and taken to the headquarters of General Grant.

On yesterday they were sent by General Grant with a note, which I saw, to General Halleck, who released them on parole, with a pass beyond their lines. Halleck's release and pass were indorsed on Grant's letter and dated yesterday.

Bills says he was kept in Grant's quarters, furnished with food and lodgings by him; that he rode all through their camp, which is on the same ground occupied prior to the battle; that Halleck's and Grant's headquarters are at Pittsburg; that Grant moved on day before yesterday and Halleck yesterday from transports to main-land; that he was informed Buell was there also, but did not see him; that there are two gunboats at Pittsburg and about thirty transports; that the enemy is being constantly re-enforced by transports, and the men are moved to the main-land as fast as they arrive.

He says the officers had but little to say as to their intentions, but the men were free, and spoke freely of the intention to move on Corinth. He also says the men are thoroughly disciplined; that not a half dozen guns were fired whilst he was there, except the salute to Halleck upon his arrival. Major Bills estimated the forces of enemy at 160,000. I give it for what it is worth.

He informs me that he is acquainted with Major-General Polk, commanding First Corps. Colonel Dowd, of this brigade, is acquainted with him, and says he is quite wealthy and reliable, and I think he is. I endeavored to induce him to visit General Polk, but he informs me that his family know of his arrest, and he is anxious to return, and did so. He was released yesterday evening, and left Pittsburg immediately, and was on his way home when I saw him this morning.

As he is on parole, he does not desire the fact of his commanding with me to be known, save to Major-General Polk.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Bethel.

