
department to your command were detained in Georgia in consequence of the breaking of the railroad connection, he was authorized to stop and use them for the movement proposed. I have since learned, however, that these regiments also were ordered to proceed to Corinth by way of Mobile.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 16, 1862.

Brig. General D. LEADBETTER,

Commanding First Brigade, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The section of Latrobe's battery at Kingston has been ordered to Chattanooga; it will be shipped on the cars to-morrow morning. A section of Captain Anderson's artillery, one rifle piece and one howitzer, will also be shipped at this place to-day, and will report to you for duty.

A masked battery below the bridge will, I think, secure it against any attempt of the steamer Lookout. Your own observations will however determine you as to the best employment of the artillery for that purpose.

Respectfully, yours,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 16, 1862.

Brig. General D. LEADBETTER,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The superintendent Western and Atlantic Railroad telegraphs that the bridges over Chickamauga are threatened to be burned. Send immediately troops to protect them.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 16, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment, Dublin Station:

COLONEL: The immense force and pressure of the enemy on all sides renders it imperatively necessary that every man should be in the field. Owing to this necessity, the President has issued an order revoking all furloughs save those granted on a surgeon's certificate of disability.

General Lee now directs me to say that he wishes you to collect your regiment with all possible dispatch, and report with it for duty to General E. K. Smith, commanding at Knoxville, Tenn., who is much in need of troops for a forward movement. The other regiments of the brigade of which yours forms a part have received similar orders, and it is

