
hoped that no efforts will be spared to get them speedily together and recruited from the militia, in accordance with the recent orders of the Governor of Virginia on this subject, that they may again render that efficient service for which they have heretofore been noted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel A. W. Reynolds, Fiftieth Virginia, and Colonel G. C. Wharton, Fifty-first Virginia.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 29. Corinth, Miss., April 17, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. The following disposition of general officers will take immediate effect:

Major-General Cheatham and Brigadier-General Maney will report to Major-General Polk.

Brigadier-General Preston will report to Major-General Breckinridge.

Brigadier-General Mouton will report to General Bragg.

Brigadier-General Cleburne will report to Major-General Hardee, who will also place Colonel Marmaduke on duty as acting brigadier-general.

Brigadier-General Jordan will remain on the staff of the commander of the forces.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 30. Corinth, Miss., April 17, 1862.

I. Light batteries without men enough to serve six pieces efficiently will at once be reduced to four guns, which will be organized with a view to uniformity of caliber and character, except that batteries may consist of two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers. Six horses will be provided for each piece as fast as practicable.

All surplus guns must be turned in forthwith to the chief of ordnance, to be sent to Columbus, Miss.

The chief of artillery will provide for any deficient caissons by requisitions on Colonel W. R. Hunt, ordnance officer, Columbus and Memphis.

II. Stragglers from our regiments taken prisoners at Madrid Bend, on their arrival at Corinth, will report to the commanding officer of the place, who will turn them over to the most convenient division commanders of troops from the same State, for distribution among regiments of their commands.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

