HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 17, 1862.

Brig. General C. L. STEVENSON,

Cumberland Gap, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you, in response to your communication of the 14th instant,* that Colonel Morgan's regiment will be removed from Cumberland Gap as soon as another regiment can be substituted for it.

Under a late acto of Congress the twelve-months' volunteers will be retained in service for two years after their term of enlistment has expired. The Eleventh Regiment Tennessee Volunteers will not, therefore, be discharged, as you suppose. In consequence of the great draft of troops from every portion of the South, including this department, it will be impossible to send regiments of infantry and the light batteries which you report necessary for the defense of Cumberland Gap. In the event an attack is made in rear of your works, no effort will be lost to cut off the enemy by such re-enforcements from here as may be available.

The general hopes you will be able to secure reliable intelligence of the true strength of the enemy. He suggests that you send in his rear one or more persons who will ascertain certainly the number of regiments, batteries, &amp;c., and the preparations that have been made for subsisting troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 17, 1862.

Brig. General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding, &c., Lebanon, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th instant is received, and I am much gratified to hear of the success that has attended your energetic and judicious measures to bring out the military strength of your district.

With reference to the militia ordered to report to you, I have to inform you that until the companies and regiments under your command shall be fully recruited, so that each company shall contain the minimum of 100 men, you are fully authorized to prevent volunteering or recruiting for other companies or regiments,and also to detain such of the militia as may have already volunteered or enlisted in other organizations since the proclamation of the Governor.

After your companies and regiments shall be full, there is no law to prevent volunteering or enlisting from the residue of the militia of your district into other companies or regiments not under command.

Your order to the colonels of militia is therefore approved to the extent above indicated, and I have also to state that it is sanctioned by the Governor of Virginia.

You will be duly notified of any change in the existing laws on the subject which may be made by the law of Congress expected shortly to go into effect.

I also approve of your design to make a regiment out of the battalion

