HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 18, 1862.

Colonel JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Kingston, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that large numbers of Union men are leaving this and adjoining counties, intending to go through the passes of the Cumberland into Kentucky. He directs that all the disposable cavalry of your command be sent with the utmost dispatch to operate between Clinton and the north valley of Powell's River and intercept them in their attempt. Few of them are armed.

You will give the officer commanding the cavalry instructions to attack and disperse these men wherever they may be found.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Memphis, Tenn., April 19, 1862.

General SLAUGHTER:

Having learned that the managers of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad are censured to some extent, and even suspected of disloyalty, by the military authorities, from the fact that a part of the rolling stock and machinery of that road fell into the hands of the enemy when Huntsville was captured. I do not propose to enter upon explanation as to who is responsible for this misfortune. I leave them to make their own explanations, and only desire to state, as a matter of justice to the president and superintendent of that road, that I have for years known those gentleman intimately, and know the fact that they were zealous and industrious Southern-rights men at a time when the overwhelming majority of our people were Union men, and when a man was more or less odious if regarded as a secessionist.

Though differing with me on other political questions, they earnestly supported me and my policy throughout this revolution and from the beginning of the war. I know of no two gentleman in the State who have been more disposed to sacrifice their time, their energies, and their private fortunes for the promotion of the cause of the Confederate States. There are none whose loyalty I would be more willing to trust.

As railroad men they have been heretofore eminently successful, and certainly possess very high business qualifications.

This much I have deemed it proper to say as a matter of justice to them.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 19, 1862.

Major W. L. EAKIN,

Commanding, &c., Morristown, Tenn.:

MAJOR:The major-general commanding directs me to inform you, in response to your communication of 18th instant, that you will arrest

