
but should you not be able to procure them otherwise, you will impress them at once.

You must put forth all your energy to complete these works as soon as practicable, and report their progress every week.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, MISS., April 21, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: You are aware how important this place is in view of the subsistence, ammunition, and sick and wounded sent here, and of the factories here established. The enemy are roving in detachments over the counties of Franklin and Lawrence, in North Alabama. They are at Russellville, in Franklin County, Alabama, say 300 men. It is reported here that they are seizing horses and mules, and are mounting infantry on them.

The northern counties of Alabama, you know, are full of Tories. There has been a convention recently held in the corner of Winston, Fayette, and Marion Counties, Alabama, in which the people resolved to remain neutral; which simply means that they will join the enemy when they occupy the country. Since Mississippi seceded people from these counties have been in this State carrying the United States flag. There are suspected men even in this county. Fayette County, Alabama, joins this county. The enemy can approach through that county without being exposed, make a dash on this place, and in a few hours destroy all the public property and shops in the town.

There are some 800 infantry and three companies of cavalry, all without arms, at this place. Perhaps there may be 300 guns ready for issue in the shops here. They are making good cannon here.

I present briefly some of the crude statements made with great confidence here. You know much more, perhaps, of this mattery than I am able to communicate at present.

I am improving as rapidly as could be expected, and hope soon to be ready for duty.

Yours, truly,

B. R. JOHNSON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 21, 1862.

Lieutenant. Colonel R. B. LEE,

Chief Commissary Army of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: The general commanding desires that your order at once a commissary to Vicksburg, to provide subsistence for about 1,000 negroes, to be employed in the construction of some forts there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM,

Aide-de-Camp.

