HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 21, 1862.

Brig. General C. L. STEVENSON,

Cumberland Gap:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that numerous reports have come to him from different quarters to the effect that within the last few days large numbers of citizens have left East Tennessee vowing to return with a Northern army in a short time. Some few have very lately returned home, bringing information that within a week from the 17th of this month General Rosecrans was to attack General Marshall and enter East Tennessee by that route, while General Fremont was to come in through the mountains.

The commanding general wishes you to get all possible information of the enemy's strength and movements, ascertaining, if practicable, whether or not these reports are correct. You will spare no money or means in the attainment of this end, sending spies over the country in your front as much as possible, and making every effort to gain reliable information.

He will co-operate with you as far as possible, holding all his available force prepared to be concentrated if the enemy should attack in such manner as to allow it.

East Tennessee must not be given up without a determined struggle.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-The Forty-second Georgia Regiment Volunteers will leave Knoxville Wednesday next with orders to report to you.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 11, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Clinton, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you will collect all the ferry-boats in the vicinity of Clinton, and keep them securely at that place, on this side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 21, 1862.

Brig. General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Lebanon, Va.:

GENERAL: I wish to call your attention again to the subject of my letter to you of the 17th instant, as I may not have been sufficiently explicit.

After you have filled the companies under your command I stated to you in that letter that the residue of the militia of your district could enlist in other regiments. I now desire to add that the residue of the militia, after your command shall be full, are to be placed, as far

