SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,No. 42. Corinth, Miss., April 22, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IX. Brig. General D. S. Johnson will report to Brig. General D. Ruggles, commanding division, with his brigade.

X. Brigadier-General Hawes' brigade, except Looney's regiment, as soon as relieved from outpost duty, will proceed to the vicinity of Rienzi, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and take such position there as may be designated by Brigadier-General Little, commanding. An officer of the quartermaster's department will precede the command and select and lay out the camp. Such portion of your command, including the sick and convalescent, will be immediately put in motion for their new position.

XI. The Second Brigade, Withers' division, will proceed, with seven days' rations, at 4 a.m. to-morrow morning, to Monterey, and relieve Brigadier-General Hawes' command. Upon being relieved General Hawes will proceed to comply with paragraph X, Special Orders, 42, of this series.

By command of General Bragg:

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, April 23, 1862.

Major-General EARL VAN DORN:

Information about Hamburg true. Send on your troops rapidly; battery horses, too, if practicable. Rust must hold himself ready to move, if requested.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CORINTH, April 23, 1862.

General DABNEY H. MAURY:

The army will move to this point without delay. Put Hogg's and Churchill's brigades in readiness to take the cars. Wagons and animals to come by road; cannon to come by cars; horses by road. I will be in town to-night. Come to my room.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Bethel, Tenn., April 23, 1862.

Major LAWRENCE L. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps:

MAJOR:I have the honor to state, for the information of the major-general commanding this corps, that on Saturday evening last I received a telegraphic communication from General Beauregard, directing me to "send forthwith a strong working party to obstruct roads in advance of Purdy."

This order I immediately complied with by a detail, all told, of about 180, with two days' cooked rations, under a field officer, accompanied

