
and get back before any serious re-enforcements could come against us.

Now is a good time to strike, while the roads are so bad that the enemy cannot travel over the road by which we attacked them, and we, by taking a new road and having but few wagons except our artillery, might get along well. It would help our men very much to pay them back for the attack of yesterday.

If an attack of this kind was made boldly and rapidly, timing it so as to reach the enemy before day, I think it will result well.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Advance.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 13. Jackson, Tenn., March 25,* 1862.

For the sake of the cause in defense of which we are all engaged at this critical hour the general commanding is impelled to appeal to the good sense and patriotism of the officers of this army to give prompt and zealous heed and obedience to all orders emanating from superior authority. Implicit obedience to the orders of our superiors is the soul of discipline, and is essential to give unity, energy, and success to military operations. With it, an army becomes disciplined, a perfect yet simple machine, calm and steady amid the greatest dangers, and easily wielded by its commanders. Without it, an army is soon converted into an armed mob, unreliable in action, and inefficient. Setting an example of obedience to the men, their control will be easy.

Teach and inspire your junior officers with the conviction that there must be discipline in this army-a discipline strict, but not humiliating-a subordination to authority founded on a sense of its absolute necessity for our success, rather than upon the mere orders of the service, and the general commanding feels assured he will be able to lead you successfully to the credit of your country and to your own renown. But otherwise he can anticipate only disaster and a disgraceful issue to this campaign.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS.,No. 46. Corinth, Miss., April 25, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. The First Brigade, Ruggles' division, will proceed, with seven days' rations, to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock, to Monterey, and relieve Brigadier-General Chalmers' command. Upon being relieved, General Chalmers will proceed to take position at the sand hill at the intersection of the road from Monterey to Purdy with the Ridge road to Mickey's, about 2 or 2 1/2 miles this side of Mickey's.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GRANGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Misplaced.

---------------

