
of Brigadier-General Marshall, are required forthwith to send to these headquarters a list of all persons belonging to their companies respectively who are between the ages of eighteen and and thirty-five years.

In addition to these, captains are charged to send forward a list of all white males in their respective company boundaries between thirty-five and forty-five, who from any cause are not borne upon their muster roll, specifying in separate lists the names of men said to be exempted for bodily infirmity and disability and those detailed for necessary duty as artisans, specifying in this last case the avocation pursued by the party.

What has been done by boards of exempts in the several counties will not be disturbed by the captains, but the proceedings of such boards will be reported to the general, and the lists will be made out according to the foregoing directions exactly as if no board of exempts had ever been said to have existed.

Captains of militia companies are charged to ascertain by vigilant examination and continued investigation the names of all white males between eighteen and forty-five, resident in their respective boundaries, who failed to enroll their names in the militia under the proclamation of the Governor of Virginia, also such as, having enrolled their names, failed to attend muster under the call of Brig. General H. Marshall. Many who fall within the last-named category may have been absent from sickness. Let such man obtain the certificate of his attending physician, and make his own affidavit before a magistrate of the fact of his inability at the time from sickness to attend said call, and captains will return the names only of such persons, with the said voucher accompanying the return. They who, at or about the time of said call, fled from their homes and who absented themselves, if practicable, will now, or at any time hereafter, be apprehended and sent forward to the nearest camp of Confederate States troops, to be there dealt with according to law.

By order of

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., April 26, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, in reply to your telegram to General Cooper of the 23rd instant, that Major-General Sam. Jones has again been ordered to turn over the command at Pensacola to General Forney, and report to you without delay.

As regards engineers, there are none of the regular corps now available to be sent you. Colonel John Pegram has been selected as one well qualified for engineer or other duty and ordered to you, with a view to his usefulness as an engineer or in any other capacity in which you may see proper to employ him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

