
reporting the exact number of officers and men and of officers' horses for whom they require transportation.

* * * * * * *

VIII. All of the cavalry troops now here will proceed at once to Corinth by the road, and on arriving there will report to Major-General McCown, commanding the troops of this army now there. He will assign them their proper places of encampment.

By order of Major-General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 27, 1862.

Brig. General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Abingdon, Va.:

I have reliable information that the force which threatened Pound Gap has been withdrawn to Cumberland Ford, where the enemy is concentrating for an attack on Cumberland Gap. Can you not co-operate with me with the whole or a portion of your force for the defense of that point? Answer.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Confidential memorandum for army and division commanders.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 28, 1862.

I. Arrangement for defense of lines:

1. Every regiment shall be encamped between 400 and 800 yards in rear of its position in the lines, to which it will open and construct a good roadway from its encampment for infantry.

2. Every brigade will construct a good roadway for artillery from about the center of its line of encampments to the front line of defense.

3. The front line will be defended by infantry at the rate of 2 men the linear yard; that is, 3,250 men per mile.

4. A brigade of each division of four brigades will be held in reserve, favorably posted, as near as practicable in the center of the line of battle of the division, and about 400 yards in rear of that line.

5. One division of General Van Dorn's army corps will be held in reserve about 1 1/2 miles in the rear of the center of the exterior line to be occupied. Another division of his army corps will be posted at the same distance in rear of the wings, respectively, all ready to move in support to any part of the field when required.

6. The cavalry will be thrown well forward to observe approach of enemy, and will slowly retire before him on the flanks of the lines to guard and support them.

7. The heavy artillery will be placed in best positions to command the roads and approaches from the quarter of the enemy; and the light artillery with respective brigades near the lines and the reserve corps.

II. All roads leading to the flanks from the front must be thoroughly obstructed at all low, boggy places for more than a mile in extent, when

