
practicable, especially on the roads in front of Major General Polk's present line, which would be followed by the enemy in moving toward the Mobile and Ohio Railroad on that flank. Small field works, with a few pieces of artillery, would effectually command that obstructed roads on that flank.

III. General Breckinridge's division will take position in line on the right of Major-General Hardee, if necessary; otherwise will guard approaches from Jacinto, and act as the reserve to the right flank in place of a division of Van Dorn's army corps.

IV. It must be remembered that where the ground will admit the "defensive-offensive," or defensive-active, is the true system for handling and fighting a volunteer army; that is, await the approach of the enemy near our positions, then assume the offensive with great vigor and impetuosity before he can collect and deploy his forces.

V. Infantry outposts will be drawn in as soon as practicable to the most favorable positions, from 4 to 6 miles in advance of the defensive lines. Troops on this outposts service must bivouac, and will be relieved promptly every four days. The cavalry must be thrown forward about 2 miles, with pickets and patrols, to within sight of the enemy.

VI. In the event of any decided movement of the enemy on Corinth or Bethel, Brigadier-General Maxey must be withdrawn, and will join his corps at this place. Brewer's and Lindsay's cavalry will in that event protect as long as practicable the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and then retire upon Bolivar, unless otherwise ordered, for the protection of the Mississippi Central Railroad.

VII. Commanders of divisions will, as soon as the new organization shall have been carried into effect, practice their command in taking up the positions assigned for the defense of the lines, in order that each regiment and brigade may know its exact position by day or night, whenever it shall be necessary to repel any attack of the enemy should he even be bold enough to venture that near to our present position.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,No. 68. Memphis, Tenn., April 28, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. All boats in Government employ will be burned or otherwise destroyed, if necessary, to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Captain Gunnels, commanding Third Louisiana Regiment, Captain Stewart, [and] captain of each steamboat in port.)

