
[CHAP. XXII.

stores were carried off from Fort Henry improperly. I will made you a report, probably to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 18, 1862.

General GRANT or COMMANDING OFFICER

at Fort Henry:

Transports in ascending the Tennessee River should in all cases be convoyed by a gunboat. It is reported that the enemy has moved from Corinth, to cut off our transports below Savannah. If so, General Smith should immediately destroy railroad connection at Corinth.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, March 18, 1862.

General McCOOK, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Move steadily forward with your division on the road to Savannah. Ford the streams where they are fordable and when it is necessary to make permanent repairs in the road, such as building bridges over streams which are liable to frequent interruptions by high water, leave only a sufficient working party and guard for that purpose.

As fast as your supply wagons are exhausted send them back for supplies, say about twenty at a time, in charge of an officer and escort.

The railroad will probably be in condition to-morrow to forward supplies as far as Franklin, and in a few days more to Columbia. You will meet supplies at Savannah.

Use all possible industry and energy so as to move forward steadily and as rapidly as you can without forcing your march or straggling.

Send forward at once to communicate with General Smith and learn his situation. It will be best to send an intelligent and discreet messenger, so as to avoid the necessity of sending written intelligence, that might be cut off and reach the enemy. The messengers must be on their guard against that. They should try to go through in twenty-four hours. Left them observe the amount of forage on the road. Report to me daily by express.

Colonel Milliken's regiment cannot be transferred to your division, but will remain at Columbia under your order while you remain there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 23. Savannah, March 18, 1862.

Troops now being in the field, encampments will conform as near as possible to Army Regulations.

Where soldiers are required to live in tents the same will be required of all regimental officers. Brigade commanders will not be allowed to

