
The cavalry will fall back on Bolivar to defend the Mississippi Central Railroad, as already instructed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Bethel, April 29, 1862-10 a.m.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received inclosed dispatches, and have directed both Colonel Lindsay and Major Baskerville to contest every inch, and if overwhelmed to fall back slowly on my position. Have forwarded same information by telegraph.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

CAMP HERNDON, April 29, 1862.

General MAXEY:

GENERAL: A picket has just come in and reports the Federals advancing on Purdy on the Shunpike road. He reports having seen 150 cavalry, but thinks they are supported by a larger force. I am saddling up to go out and meet them. They were 4 miles from here when first seen. The pickets are still out in that direction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. LINDSAY,

Colonel, Commanding Mississippi Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 29, 1862.

Brigadier-General MAXEY,

Commanding at Bethel, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The enemy having torn up the track 3 miles this side of Bethel [Station], I have ordered its repair. You will furnish the railroad working party with a guard of three or four mounted companies to protect them from any interruption by the enemy. You will please send proper reconnoitering parties on the roads leading from Bethel to Bolivar and to this place, to determine the best ones to be followed by you should you have to move in either direction, as already directed.

The cavalry force ought to keep you well advised of the movements of the enemy on your front and flanks. Could you not protect your position with some rifle pits, &amp;c.?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-In marching to this place your infantry might follow the railroad, provided it be safe to do so; your artillery and wagons, guarded by one regiment of infantry, coming by the best route west of the railroad.

