
move cautiously, as I suspected the road was torn up or an effort made to do so. He at once started, and when near the break, as I am credibly informed, had taken up the engine, but from alarm or some other cause did not reverse immediately, and the engine was run off the track by Federals.

This sending the engine down, however, caused them to do their work so slovenly, that the engine is not damaged to any extent. The bridge attempted to be burned was put out, the iron thrown off the fire, and all damages can be repaired, as conductor informs me, by noon to-morrow. I have directed to lose no time and spare no expense.

I had another object in sending engine, to wit: Two rations from Jackson were expected, and I wanted to know the condition of the road; also to dispose of baggage toward Jackson, if necessary, and for the additional object of sending a force down to resist, if the work was not already completed.

Their force at the road was undoubtedly large, as reported by the pickets on the road and by citizens. One man, a soldier, says he was coming here, and,seeing the cavalry, hid himself, and counted 1,200; citizens estimate higher. Lieutenant-Colonel Brewer, who passed over the road shortly after the damage, thinks 1,000. I think that near the figure. They were led by Hurst, who knows every hog-path in the country. They have, from best information, returned to Pittsburg.

I hazard the opinion that their object was to cut off re-enforcements to Corinth. The wires will be in working order before this reaches you.

This place, if they proceed by Purdy, can best be protected this side of Cypress, less than a mile from here, on Purdy road, from flank movements, by hill and timber. The cavalry had thrown out pickets to the front and on either flank between this and Purdy, but it its not strong enough to keep back large forces of cavalry striking at the railroad, which may easily be done above or below.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The road was torn up not above an hour after the train passed here for Corinth.

S. B. M.

LEBANON, April 30, 1862.

[General R. E. LEE?]:

DEAR SIR: I send you a copy of a letter I addressed Governor Magoffin last enough month, and which he has received-the same I referred to in my letter of late date. You will see the three points in it.

1st. To produce resistance on the part of the Kentucky troops against marching beyond her border.

2nd. To draw the distinction between the epochs of Kentucky's action, with the view of making a diversion in our favor by kindling a fire in the rear.

3rd. To let him know my friends should be let alone when they want to join me, or I would resort to most violent means to secure their release. Indeed, I will redeem the promise soon, and I think it would be

