
occupy houses at the expense of the United States on any account, nor at all, unless they should occupy grounds contiguous to their brigades.

A better state of discipline than has heretofore been maintained with much of this command is demanded and will be enforced.

Division commanders will see that the above order is published to their respective commands and that the same is strictly enforced.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Savannah, March 19, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Army in the Field:

Feeling a little anxious to learn your whereabouts and as much as possible of your present movements, I send two scouts, Breckinridge and Carson, to you. Any information you will send by them I will be glad to learn. I am massing troops at Pittsburg, Tenn. There is every reason to suppose that the rebels have a large force at Corinth, Miss., and many at other points on the road toward Decatur.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, March 19, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, inquiring-

Upon whom and to what extent you can rely for the military force necessary to execute such order or orders as you in the discharge of your duties may deem expedient, prudent, and proper to make.

The troops under my command will be instructed to comply with the requisitions which you may in my absence make upon them for the enforcement of your authority as Military Governor within their respective limits.

For this city, your requisitions made directly to the provost-marshal will be executed by him without further reference. This, no doubt, will cover all the objects you will have in view, and therefore it may be unnecessary to add that any requisitions which would involve the movement of troops must of course be dependent on that plan of military operations against the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, March 19, 1862.

To the Board on Property:

The power to declare the confiscation of private property rests with the civil tribunals under the laws of Congress.

