
balance of his artillery will come in trains, if possible; otherwise come as already instructed. For the present his command will be stationed on or about the Mobile and Ohio road, near the intersection of the lines of defense with said road. He will put one or two guns in position on each side of that road to enfilade and protect it.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, May 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have received several communications from Hickman and Paducah of late dates, informing me the Federal force at the former place is quite small and is about to be removed altogether. I learn also from a reliable source that the Federal force at Paducah consists of about 200 cavalry, whose discipline is exceedingly lax. The Federal stores at Paducah are valued at $3,000,000 by my correspondent, and he thinks they might all be destroyed by a force of 500 cavalry.

I would therefore respectfully suggest that Colonel Jackson be ordered with his command to destroy these Federal stores at Paducah. Possible it might be well for Colonel Claiborne to co-operate with him.

I have the honor to request you to submit this letter to the commanding general at your earliest convenience.

Your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, May 1, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

I have just seen a telegram from General Villepigue, asking that boats be sent at once to convey troops away from that place. I shall send all here; he has two boats, one large and one small. I will send one large one and one small boat in a few hours.

W. L. CABELL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,

No. 18. Camp McIntosh, May 1, 1862.

The major-general commanding announces to the troops his arrival.

His headquarters are established on the road leading from camp to Corinth, about half a mile north of the railroad and 1 1/2 miles from Corinth. The orderly hour is 12 m. The adjutants-general of divisions will render their reports punctually and receive orders. The division and brigade commanders will take immediate steps to get the troops assigned to their command together. Staff officers will by every means acquaint themselves with the topography of the vicinity and the position of the troops.

By order of Major-General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

