HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, May 1, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. Gen., Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit herewith a general order, which I have published in connection with and regulating the subsistence of this army, the operation of which, I am assured, will be in the interest of all concerned, and which I trust will receive the sanction of the War Department.

Just, however, as this order was ready for publication Lieutenant-Colonel Lee, chief of subsistence, received the following telegram from Colonel Northrop, dated April 29, 1862:

By order of the Secretary of War, the ration is reduced to half pound of bacon or pork and one pound of beef, and not exceeding one and a half pounds of flour or corn meal.

In the name of my men I must respectfully but urgently protest against such a reduction of the substantial part of the ration.

In the orders I have the honor to submit the greatest reduction has been made that the meat ration will bear, and, as will be perceived, this retrenchment is partially made up to the soldiers by an increase of the rice ration. But for disaster at New Orleans I should have felt it my duty to add likewise to the sugar rations as affording a cheap and healthy nutritious addition to the diet of the soldiers in this climate.

I shall carry out the inclosed until otherwise instructed by the War Department.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 30. Corinth, April 30, 1862.

From this date until otherwise ordered by the War Department the component parts of rations issued to this army will be as follows:

Pork or bacon to the ration, 10 ounces; salt or fresh beef to the bread to the ration, 1 pound; beans or peas to 100 rations, 8 quarts; rice to 100 rations, 15 pounds; coffee to 100 rations, 3 pounds; rye to 100 rations, 3 pounds; sugar to 100 rations, 15 pounds; molasses to 100 rations, 6 quarts; vinegar to 100 rations, 4 quarts; soap to 100 rations, 4 pounds; sperm candles to 100 rations, 1 pound; or star candles to 100 rations, 1 1/4 pounds; or tallow candles to 100 rations, 1 1/2 pounds.

When practicable, an extra issue of lard once in five days, 8 ounces; pork and bacon two days in seven; fresh and salt beef five days in seven.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 1, 1862.

Brig. General D. LEADBETTER,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

You will hold your position at the Tennessee Bridge as long as possible.

