
The duty of the board of officers organized to investigate the claims of individuals to property seized by military authority is confined to questions of fact; that is, whether the property so claimed was properly the property of the rebel Government at the time of seizure, and as such liable to military seizure. All transfers of rebel property in and about this city after its evacuation by the rebel army was commenced, that is, after the 15th of last month, will be regarded as fraudulent and void, designed to avoid seizure, and the property will be treated as a legitimate prize under the laws of war, as though such transfer had not been made.

This decision will govern the board in its future proceedings, and also in a revision of the proceedings in some cases already reported on.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I detained only one gunboat, and released her some days ago at General Grant's request. I don't know of any other boat, but will see. A gunboat will probably be necessary in the Cumberland very frequently, if not constantly.

D. C. BUELL.

NASHVILLE, March 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of to-day just received. I have received no dispatches from you which I have not answered. That of the 13th was answered both by telegraph and mail. The operator tells me he has repeated my dispatches to-night.

Our progress has been retarded by heavy rains and high water. I have now three divisions at Columbia, or near there, working with all industry on bridges. The endeavor to save the bridges by a forced march of cavalry succeeded with some of them, but failed with one at Columbia and 4 miles this side. They were in flames when the troops arrived. I may be delayed there for four or five days, but beyond that I do not expect any interruption, and the march will be pursued with all possible dispatch. I shall go forward myself in two or three days, as soon as I can leave.

The telegraph line is being carried forward, but it should at the same time be extended out from Savannah to meet us. Large supplies of forage should be thrown up the river. We can obtain none in the country.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Savannah, march 19, 1862.

Cap. N. H. McLEAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have just returned from Pittsburg and Crump's Landing. I find these two positions are the only ones where a landing can be well

