
order to collect the various garrisons of the department and organize them into corps of some kind or other. A good many of the State troops and twelve-months' men have remained in the city, thus breaking up regiments and companies,and it is next to impossible to get them into any sort of shape for some days. The regiments I have are new levies, entirely undrilled and undisciplined, but composed of good men generally; but there is considerable indisposition on the part of many of the men to leave the State. I shall be governed in my movements in a considerable measure by circumstances. The enemy has not yet occupied the city, and I am busy in bringing out all kinds of stores and supplies, but after to-day I think I will have to stop the trains and destroy the bridge at Manchac. I will telegraph you of my movements. If it is impossible for you to get along without the five regiments I have here, I will probably join you; but I do not like to abandon the State of Louisiana.

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Corinth, Miss., May 2, 1862.

Soldiers of Shiloh and of Elkhorn:

We are about to meet once more in the shock of battle the invaders of our soil, the despoilers of our homes, the disturbers of our family ties. Face to face, hand to hand, we are to decide whether we are to be freemen or the vile slaves of those who are free only in name, and who but yesterday were vanquished, although in largely superior numbers, in their own encampments on the ever-memorable field of Shiloh.

Let the impending battle decide our fate, and add one more illustrious page to the history of our Revolution, one to which our children will point with noble pride, saying, "One fathers were at the battle of Corinth."

I congratulate you on you timely junction, your mingled banners. For the first time in this war we shall meet out foe in strength that should give us victory.

Soldiers, can the result be doubtful? Shall we not drive back into the Tennessee the presumptuous mercenaries collected for our subjugation? One more manly effort, and, trusting in God and the justness of our cause, we shall recover more than we have lately lost. Let the sound of our victorious guns be re-echoed by those of the Army of Virginia on the historic battle-field of Yorktown.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 34. Corinth, Miss., May 2, 1862.

Bearers of flags of truce will not be permitted to pass the outer chains of sentinels or vedettes. The faces of the party bearing the flag will be turned from the post or army, or, if necessary, their eyes will be bandaged.

An officer or non-commissioned officer will remain at hand to prevent indiscretion on the part of the sentinels.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

