HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 2, 1862.

Major-General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 26th ultimo is received. The difficulties and embarrassments of your situation are fully appreciated. Everything in my power has been done for your assistance, and I only regret that I could do no more. Great reliance is placed in the judgment and vigor with which I am sure will use the forces at your disposal. It will be necessary to hold yourself ready for rapid movements whenever the enemy may expose himself to a blow.

You have already been informed by telegraph that a regiment of infantry and one of cavalry from Georgia have been ordered to Chattanooga for your support. These men will bring such arms as they have, and 1,000 improved arms have been ordered to the same place. All the arms that could be procured have been sent you, and I hope you will be able to supply some of the unarmed men with you, including the Indian battalion from North Carolina which was ordered to you. I have also informed you by telegram that i have applied to the Governor of Alabama to send you two additional regiments. Those regiments are now at Talladega, and will be ordered to Chattanooga. They are not armed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, GA., May 2, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch just received.* I turned over all the State troops to General Lawton, in command at Savannah, on the 16th of April. Under our correspondence he accepted them, and I notified you of my action. I think he has disbanded most of them and sent them home.

If re-enforcements are not sent to Chattanooga immediately we shall be cut off from the coal mines, and all the iron mills and machine-shops in the State will be stopped.

I have no means to arm the militia, and could not organize a force sufficient without taking conscripts.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 49. Corinth, Miss., May 3, 1862.

* * * * * * *

X. All the forces will be in position at dawn to-morrow morning, with three days' cooked rations and 100 rounds of ammunition.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Refers probably to Davis' dispatch of May 2, p.481.

---------------

