HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., May 3, 1862.

SOLDIERS:You are again to encounter the mercenary invader who pollutes the sacred soil of our beloved country. Severely punished by you and driven from his chosen positions with a loss of his artillery and his honor at Shiloh when double your numbers, he now approaches cautiously and timidly, unwilling to advance, unable to retreat.

Could his rank and file enjoy a freeman's right not one would remain within our limits, but they are goaded on under a tyrant's lash by desperate leaders, whose only safety lies in success.

Such a foe ought never to conquer freemen battling upon their own soil.

You will encounter him in your chosen position, strong by nature and improved by art, away from his main support and reliance-gunboats and heavy batteries-and for the first time in this was with nearly equal numbers. The slight reverses we have met on the seaboard have worked us good as well as evil. The brave troops so long retained there have hastened to swell your numbers, while the gallant Van Dorn and invincible Price, with the ever-successful "Army of the West," are now in your midst with numbers almost equaling the "Army of Shiloh." We have, then, but to strike and destroy, and, as the enemy's whole resources are concentrated here, we shall not only redeem Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri at one blow, but open the portals of the whole Northwest.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding Second Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,

No. 19. Camp McIntosh, May 3, 1862.

The troops of the army corps will hold themselves in readiness to meet the enemy at short notice.

General Beauregard calls upon the soldiers of Elkorn to mingle their banners with those of the victors of Shiloh, and with them to drive back once more the invading army of the North. The soldiers of Elkhorn-the Army of the West-will reply at the proper hour with musket and cannon; their banners will wave in the breeze from first to last in the very front of the battle,and their huzza of victory will be echoed by the opposite shores of the Tennessee.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, A. AND I. G. O.,

No. 35. Richmond, Va., May 3, 1862.

I. The following proclamation is published for the information of all concerned:

PROCLAMATION.

By virtue of the power vested in me by law to declare the suspension of the privilege of writ of habeas corpus; I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do proclaim that martial

