
law is hereby extended over the counties of Lee, Wise, Buchanan, McDowell, and Wyoming, under the command of Brig. General Humphrey Marshall; and I do proclaim the suspension of all civil jurisdiction (with the exception of that enabling the courts to take cognizance of the probate of wills, the administration of the estates of deceased persons, the qualification of guardians to enter decrees and orders for the partition and sale of property, to make orders concerning roads and bridges, to assess county levies, and to order the payment of county dues), and the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in the counties aforesaid.

In faith whereof I have hereunto signed my name and set my seal this third day of May, in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

II. Brig. General Humphrey Marshall is charged with the due execution of the foregoing proclamation. He will forthwith establish an efficient military police, and will enforce the following orders:

All distillation of spirituous liquors is positively prohibited, and the distilleries will forthwith be closed. The sale of spirituous liquors of any kind is also prohibited, and establishments for the sale thereof will be closed.

III. All persons infringing the above prohibition will suffer such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial, provided that no sentence to hard labor for more than one month shall be inflicted by the sentence of a regimental court-martial, as directed by the sixty-seventh article of war.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MAY 4, 1862-9 a.m.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: Colonel Manigault did not leave his position, some 6 miles in front on the Ridge road, until this morning, his messenger being lost all night. He reports no enemy in his front last night, and the report to be that he is moving in force toward our right. General Cleburne's dispatch just received from you upsets that. My cavalry report to one as yet within 3 miles on either the Monterey or Farmington roads. These would seem to indicate a reconnaissance by the enemy and some confusion by our outposts. I shall change mine this evening, and hope to have better men in place.

Colonel Wirt Adams has just reported to me, and been sent to my front on both roads to develop the enemy. You shall know of him soon.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Inclosure.]

MAY 4, 1862.

General CLEBURNE:

GENERAL: I threw out half of my regiment as skirmishers this morning in the direction of Farmington, so as to be ready for the enemy in case he advanced. I saw nothing of him. Captain Barnes, of Wirt Adams'

