
cavalry, fell back into my lines about 11 o'clock last night. He sent out a reconnoitering party 1 mile beyond my pickets this morning. He saw no signs of the enemy. My pickets have seen no signs of him since yesterday evening. I am, however, still on the lookout, having strong guards in my front. He can hardly surprise me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. MURRAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

MAY 4, 1862-1.30 p.m.

General BEAUREGARD:

DEAR GENERAL: Colonel Wirt Adams has just returned from his visit to my front. He went to Farmington by the upper road; found a brigade there-two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry. Saw no artillery, but supposes with such a force of course they have some. They are located beyond the town from here, near where General Hardee's advance was, at the crossing of Seven Mile Creek. He returned by the Farmington and Purdy road to Shoat's house, where my advance under Colonel Fagan stampeded, and from there back. Not even a picket of the enemy from there here and no sign of any force having been on the road. Still Colonel Fagan has just sent me a report in writing from Major Hawkins, Second Tennessee Cavalry, that the enemy are "advancing on him in force." Colonel Adams found Major Hawkins in rear of the infantry. This all confirms Roddey's reports fully. The whole thing was caused by a reconnaissance of one brigade. I shall suspend Colonel Fagan, who, unfortunately, commands a brigade, and the captain who left his caisson, that now stands in the road untouched by friend or foe.

Roddey has just reported in person the discovery this morning of a cavalry picket of the enemy, from 50 to 100 strong, on the Farmington and Jacinto road, 4 miles south of the former and about 1 mile north of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. He says they can reach the Mobile and Ohio Railroad easily by a fine road, passing toward Jacinto, and then, turning due west, pass by Morrison's mill. May it not be well to look to this?

Colonel Adams, with my approval, is organizing a plan with Roddey to take 200 men and Roddey's company early to-morrow and cut off this picket, which seems to be unsupported. Roddey's lieutenant has them in observation, and will report again this afternoon or evening.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, &amp;c.

CORINTH, May 4, 1862-9.30 p.m.

General BEAUREGARD:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I will warn Colonel Adams at once of the reported movement. The only Sharp's Mill indicated on my map is far to the east, and on or near Chambers Creek. The movement is more probably toward Morrison's Mill, to the west of the Jacinto road and south of General Cleburne's position, where Roddey suggested this morning they might cut the Mobile and Ohio Railroad,

