HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, May 4, 1862.

Major-General W. J. HARDEE,

General, Commanding Right Wing, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I send you herewith the latest information received of the enemy. It will be seen that they occupy Farmington with about a brigade. The affair of yesterday would seem to indicate only an armed reconnaissance. Under these circumstances I think it unnecessary that Breckinridge's division should remain where it is to-night. Three of its brigades may as well return to their encampment, holding themselves ready to resume their present position early to-morrow morning, and to-morrow evening his other brigades and Cleburne's will return to their encampment, being relieved by two of the first ones, thus alternating in this manner until further orders.

I think, however, that it would be preferable for Breckinridge's division to remove its encampment to the east of the railroad, so as to be in easy supporting distance of Cleburne's brigade, which should remove its own encampment to a position nearer to the new lines. I am informed, by the by, that the latter's brigade occupies a position in advance of said lines, which I suppose is only temporary, for its true position is immediately in their rear. Will you issue the necessary orders to carry these arrangements immediately into effect?

I am going to order a battalion of cavalry to be stationed along the the Memphis and Charleston Railroad where it is intersected by the lower road from Farmington to Morrison's Mill, say, about 1 or 1 1/2 miles below where you have a regiment stationed on outpost duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Corinth, Miss., May 4, 1862.

General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Captain Avery has just returned from his examination of the country in front. He says the enemy left Farmington to-day about noon in large force, consisting of cavalry, artillery, infantry, and wagons, and went toward Sharp's Mill, toward the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, about 4 1/2 to 5 miles from Farmington. There was a picket at Farmington-a small one. Captain Avery is under the impression that the enemy has left Farmington, except a small outpost.

I think if you have some men who would undertake to go to Farmington to-night to gather information it might be well to send them. It would be well also to inform General Bragg of the movements of the enemy, as he is about sending off a party to-morrow to cut off a picket.

Have you any information of the enemy in the direction of Monterey?

Respectfully and truly,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

