
effected on the west bank of the river, as far as I saw, and learn that there is no other point from there to Eastport, Miss., This, of course, only applies to the present stage of water. From information to General Sherman, received while I was there, the enemy cannot be over 20,000 strong at Corinth, but has troops scattered at all stations and important points. Some heavy artillery arrived at Corinth on Monday, but the informant saw no sign of fortifications.

Buell seems to be the party most expected by the rebels. They estimate his strength all the way from 20,000 to 150,000.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAVANNAH, March 19, 1862-11 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Smith received orders to have a gunboat ply between railroad bridge and here constantly. He did not deem it prudent, however, the Dunbar being at Duck Creek and possibly another gunboat afloat farther up. One of the gunboats in this river is now below.

Immediate preparations will be made to execute your perfectly-feasible order. I will go in person, leaving General McClernand in command here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 24. Savannah, March 19, 1862.

Hereafter issues of subsistence stores to the troops of a division will be made by the division commissary on consolidated returns presented by each regimental commissary. Brigade commissaries are forbidden, except in cases of extreme necessity. Whenever the duties of the regimental quartermaster are arduous, it is recommended that regimental commanders detail a suitable commissioned officer to act as commissary.

The troops often suffer by reason of the regimental quartermaster being overworked, obliging him to give up almost entirely the commissary business to the commissary sergeant, who, not being a commissioned officer, cannot properly perform the duties.

The division commissaries will see that the regimental commissaries are attentive to their duties, and that their department is conducted in a manner to insure the greatest possible comfort and health of the troops. They will particularly see that proper supplies are kept on hand for hospital use.

Supplies needed in hospital are frequently not supplied to regimental hospitals on account of the incapacity or indifference of some of the regimental commissaries. In such cases it is requested that surgeons make a report of the case.

While making arrangements for or during a fight commissaries and quartermasters will on no account leave their appropriate duties to engage in the fight, but will remain with their supplies and wagon trains, and enforce the presence of those belonging to and detached for these department. It is highly necessary that all commanders enforce

4 R R-VOL X, PT II

