
Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and by which an enemy could outflank and turn our new line of works. I ordered yesterday some cavalry to report to you for the purpose of guarding said road, by stationing them at or about its intersection with the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. I am just informed that you have returned that cavalry, under the supposition that they are unnecessary. Is there not some error in this matter? If so, please countermand your order.

Your, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.-I understood the other day from Colonel Marmaduke that one of his regiments at Farmington had left its position in haste, without his orders, on the appearance of the enemy. If so, its colors must be taken away until it have made itself worthy of receiving them back or its colonel must be suspended until further orders.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, May 5, 1862.

General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Reserve:

GENERAL: Owing to the present bad weather you need not bring up to the positions of yesterday the three brigades of your command you were ordered to send back to their encampments, but let them be ready to move at a moment's notice.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, May 5, 1862.

General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding Army of the West:

GENERAL: Owing to the present bad weather you need not bring up your command to its position, but let it be ready to move at a moment's notice.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Corinth, Miss., May 5, 1862.

Lieutenant. Colonel R. B. LEE,

Chief of Subsistence:

COLONEL: The general commanding wishes your attention called to the fact that there were but about three days' subsistence for this army on the day of the enemy's demonstration in the front. The general wishes all possible measures taken to secure in depot always at least ten days' rations for an army of 65,000 men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

