
too much damaged for it to go to Corinth. The telegraph wire is also cut in places for a mile.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. LINDSAY,

Colonel, Commanding [Mississippi Cavalry].
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Camp McInthosh, May 5, 1862.

Major-General SAMUEL JONES,

GENERAL: General Van Dorn directs that you will proceed at once with your division to relieve Generals Breckinridge and Cleburne at the works on the right. You will take rations for three days, cooked, if it will not delay you. While your command is preparing to move you will report in person for orders to General Hardee.

You will send at once to General Breckinridge for a guide to conduct your command by the best route.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 51. Corinth, Miss., May 5, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VI. Major-General Van Dorn will relieve temporarily the troops in the line on the right with a division of the Army of the West, the commander of which will report for immediate orders for the time to Major-General Hardee, commanding the right wing of the forces.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Memorandum.

CORINTH, MISS., May 5, 1862.

From Corinth to Jacinto and Fulton, good; too far to eastward.

From Corinth to Rienzi, via the Morrison House and Danville, good.

From Corinth to Jacinto, via Kossuth and Danville, good.

From Rienzi to Ripley, good road, 27 miles.

From Ripley to Pontotoc, good road, 32 miles.

From Pontotoc to railroad, 16 miles.

From Pontotoc to Houston, good road, 28 miles.

From Houston to Aberdeen, good in dry weather, 35 miles.

From Houston to West Point, good road, 40 miles.

From Boonesville to Carrollville, good road, 13 miles.

From Carrollville to Saltillo, good in dry weather, 12 miles.

From Saltillo to Harrisburg, bad.

From Saltillo to Mooresville, good road, 10 miles.

