
CORINTH, MISS., May 6, 1862.

Major-General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Near Corinth:

GENERAL: After examining our lines this afternoon I have to change slightly the instructions given you yesterday relative to the positions of your brigades. I find our left (Polk's lines) requires more support than I had at first contemplated; hence I desire you to locate two of your brigades on the road west of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, at or about Dobbin's house, which affords a good camping ground. You might put there your two brigades now farthest south of the Female College. The other two can remain encamped where they are now, but in case of an alarm, would take their positions, one along the Purdy road, about half way to the lines, and the other where already indicated, on the Farmington road, not far from these headquarters; thus no brigade will be located in rear of General Hardee's position.

I have requested General Polk to send you a good guide (Major Peters, quartermaster), to show you the road in rear of his left, and you will find at General Bragg's headquarters an officer to show you the shortest road from where your Third Brigade on the Purdy road will be located directly to where the Farmington road crosses General Bragg's lines.

It will be well to open as soon as possible a good road from Dobbin's house across the railroad to where your Third Brigade will be located.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Corinth, Miss., May 6, 1862.

Confidential memorandum for army corps and division commanders.

The following modifications and alterations of "Memorandum for army and division commanders," dated April 28, 1862,* are directed, and will be properly communicated:

1. Major-General Van Dorn's Army of the West will take position at once on the right flank of Hardee's division, in and about the lines under construction across the Ridge road from Farmington to Danville, via Morrison's house.

2. Cleburne's brigade, Hardee's division, will occupy position to support either Van Dorn's army corps or Hardee's division, as may be required.

3. Breckinridge's division will be held in reserve at or near Corinth, two brigades on the Purdy Ridge road, one other not far from general headquarters, on road Farmington, and the other in rear of Hardee's headquarters, on or about the road to Van Dorn's line of works.

4. All staff officers of the several commands affected by these instructions will make themselves at once familiar with all the roads leading from the positions of their respective corps or divisions to all other positions of the forces.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See p.457.

---------------

32 R R-VOL C, PT II

