HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Corinth, Miss., May 6, 1862.

Confidential memorandum for army and corps commanders.

In the event of an advance of the enemy in force upon our lines, the following signals are arranged, to be communicated to division, brigade, and regimental commanders, and to the proper staff officers:

Advance on the right flank, by three guns by day or three rockets at night.

Advance on the center, by two guns by day or two rockets at night.

Advance on the left flank, by one gun by day or one rockets at night.

When alarm is given, as thus indicated, all troops will promptly turn out and take their positions as prescribed in "Memorandum for army and division commanders," dated April 28, 1862, and as modified by a supplementary memorandum of this date.

Captain Oladowski will supply rockets on the requisitions of corps and division commanders.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 2nd DIV., 1ST CORPS, ARMY OF MISS., May 6, 1862.

Major-General CHEATHAM,Commanding Second Division, First Corps, Army of the Miss.:

GENERAL: A cavalry courier is just in from the Chambers house, at the intersection of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad with the road passing by the Bridges house, who reports that the enemy are advancing in force with infantry and cavalry. They are supposed to be advancing upon our left wing. I have deemed it proper to make you this report at the earliest moment.

I am, with much respect, yours,

D. S. DONELSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

General POLK:

I refer you to the above report from General Donelson. I have given him orders to send forward all the cavalry, to keep us posted.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General.

CHAMBERS STATION, May 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General DONELSON,

Commanding First Brigade, Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: I have picketed and patroled the roads directed 3 miles east of this place, and have made no discoveries of any import.

The bulk of the enemy that have advanced as low as the State-line

