
by General Buell, and was ordered immediately to the Tennessee by me.

As soon as I was notified that General Smith had been ordered to Nashville I reported the fact, and sent a copy of Buell's order. My reports have nearly all been made to General Cullum, chief of staff, and it may be that many of them were not thought of sufficient importance to forward more than a telegraphic synopsis of.

The Tennessee is now so high that there are but few points on the river where troops can be embarked. Fort Henry is under water. The water is about 6 feet deep inside the fort. The continuous rains have made it almost impossible to get across the country. I will leave at Fort Donelson four regiments of infantry, all of them very small, having suffered severely at Donelson, and from sickness since. I will leave two regiments at Clarksville until further directions are received. I have forty-six infantry regiments, three cavalry regiments, and eight independent companies, and ten batteries of light artillery. The average available strength of regiments fit for the field is about 500 men.

In conclusion, I will say that you may rely on my carrying out your instructions in every particular to the very best of my ability.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 5, 1862.

Colonel R. J. OGLESBY, Comdg. First Brigade, First Division:

You will immediately order forward all the forces of every arm not belonging to your immediate brigade to the Tennessee River, above Fort Henry, and to the same point started for by General McClernand's forces. You will direct them to move out the Ridge road (the same as a portion of our forces marched to Fort Donelson) to the Iron Furnace, between here and Fort Donelson, and from thence follow on the same track over which General McClernand moved.

They will move with the camp and garrison equipage, officers' baggage, and transportation as limited in General Orders, Numbers 17, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, and three days' rations. They will move immediately and with all possible dispatch.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-So as to materially lighten the loads on their teams, you will direct that a portion of their baggage be loaded on the steamer New Uncle Sam, which you will order around to this place as soon as the baggage is received on board.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 5, 1862.

Major General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Clarksville, Ten..:

By directions just received from headquarters of department you are

