
the observance of this, as the labor of these staff departments commences when the battle has been fought. All property of the enemy captured in battle must be properly secured and guarded for this purpose as soon as the action is over.

Brigade commanders will detail a strong detail, under charge of commissioned officers, who will report to the quartermaster of the brigade, under whose direction the property will be collected and stored near division headquarters or at some other suitable place that may be designated.

While it is being collected brigade guards will be detailed to prevent pillage, and all commanders will use their utmost endeavor to restrain those under them from the improper appropriation of captured property. For one person to take possession for himself what has been gained by the united bravery and exertion of all is nothing less than pilfering.

Whenever orders are issued from these headquarters, division commanders will make out and transmit a copy of each of their brigade commanders, who will publish it to the regimental commanders, to be read at next parade or roll call.

Each commander will furnish his staff officers with a copy of all orders that may in any manner interest their department.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 15. Pittsburg, March 19, 1862.

The First Division will occupy the front of this camp.

The First Brigade will occupy the bridge on the Purdy road about abreast of the Shiloh Chapel.

II. The Second Brigade will camp on the Hamburg road, where the Purdy road comes in, near Colonel Stuart's headquarters.

III. The Third Brigade will camp on the left of the Corinth road, its right near the Shiloh Chapel.

IV. The Fourth Brigade will encamp on the right center, its left reaching to Shiloh Chapel.

V. Each brigade must encamp looking west, so that when the regiments are on their regimental parades the brigades will be in line of battle. The interval between regiments must not exceed 22 paces. Convenience of water may be considered but must not control the position of the camp.

VI. The cavalry and artillery need not be in line, but will be stationed as the nature of the ground may admit.

By order of Brigadier General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 20, 1862.

Major-General GRANT,

Savannah, Tenn.:

Your telegrams of yesterday just received. I do not fully understand you. By all means keep your forces together until you connect

