
the breastworks. This gun is manned by Captain Jones' company of heavy artillery. Next on the left is a rifled 24-pounder siege gun, which sweeps the Monterey road. This also is manned by Captain Jones' company. The next gun is a smooth 24-pounder siege piece, which bears upon the Monterey road and the cleared ground in front of the works. This is manned by Captain Jones' company. Next and last is a smooth 12-pounder siege piece, planted just to the left of the Monterey road. This piece is manned by a detachment from Captain Ketchum's battery of light artillery, under command of Lieutenant Show.

I have for the two rifled brass 6-pounders 200 rounds of ammunition each and about 75 rounds for each of the other guns, with the exception of the brass 12-pounder rifled, for which I have only 20 rounds, there being only that number of Reed shells in the ordnance department. In case of necessity, however, I shall use canister with this piece.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. SMITH THOMPSON,

First Lieutenant Artillery, Commanding Heavy Battery.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,

No. 37. Corinth, Miss., May 6, 1862.

I. General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, is assigned to the immediate command of that part of the forces known as the Army of the Mississippi.

II. The following officers are announced as chiefs in their respective departments of the general staff of the forces. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Brig. General Thomas Jordan, chief of staff and of adjutant-general's department.

Brig. General J. E. Slaughter, inspector-general's department.

Major Eugene E. McLean, Quartermaster's Department C. S. Army, in department of supplies and means of transportation.

Major A. J. Smith, chief of subsistence department.

Surg. R. L. Brodie, medical director.

Colonel John Pegram, C. S. Army, chief of engineers.

Colonel William G. Gill, chief of ordnance and artillery.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

No. 39. Corinth, Miss., May 6, 1862.

I. In pursuance of the provisions of an act of the Confederate Congress, entitled "An act to further provide for the public defense," all regiments, battalions, squadrons, and companies of twelve-months; volunteers of this army will proceed to organize by electing their proper company and field officers. This election the several brigade commanders will cause to be held within their respective brigades at 12 meridian on the 8th instant, except in regiments or battalions on picket or outpost service, which will hold elections as soon as relieved.

II. The form of election and of certifying these elections will conform as far as practicable with the laws of the State from which the men or

