
a major part thereof may come; and in all cases where the field officers are elected by the company officers the latter shall be first chosen.

III. All certificates of election will be forwarded through these headquarters to the Adjutant-General's Office at Richmond. Officers thus elected, upon receiving a copy of the certificate of their election, will immediately enter upon duty, and such as are not re-elected will be relieved from duty and their names forwarded by brigade commanders through these headquarters to the War Department.

IV. In the elections herein directed no person who is to be discharged from service under the provisions of the act will be allowed to take part.

V. In case any regiment, battalion, or company shall have been already duly reorganized and elections held in accordance with the provisions of the act, new elections will not be required.

VI. The commanding general regards it of the utmost importance at this juncture that only intelligent and capable officers should be elected by the men; none others are worthy to lead them; none others can do so creditably or safely. Therefore he will not recommend any one for commission by the President without said officer shall have been reported duly qualified by a board of three officers for the examination of all elected under this order.

VII. These boards will require all officers to be of good physical and mental ability and of fair moral character. All field officers must be able to maneuver or drill a battalion in the "school of the battalion," and be found acquainted with the Articles of War and the Army Regulations " touching their duties, especially in the camp, on the march, and on outpost service, as prescribed from these headquarters. And all company officers must be able to drill a company in the "school of the company" and "soldier" and be acquainted with the duties of a company officer and officer of the guard,as prescribed in the Army Regulations.

VIII. Boards for the examination of field officers will be appointed by corps or division commanders and for company officers by brigade commanders.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers -. Corinth, Miss., May 7, 1862.

The command of the Army of the Mississippi having been devolved upon me, is assumed with unfeigned diffidence, but with a confidence inspired by the justice of our cause, which nothing can shake.

Removed to a higher position by the junction of another army with us, our late commander, who never meets a foe but to conquer, will still lead us to victory.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Corinth, Miss., May 7, 1862

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Comdg. Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL; It has been brought to the notice of the commanding general that on yesterday about noon one of our regiments on the Mon-

