
terey road fell back more than a mile in disorder and without cause, firing cannon at the same time at an imaginary enemy, it is believed, except perhaps a small picket of two or three persons thrown forward as far as Mason's, about a mile in advance of Shoat's house.

Major Hawkins, Tennessee Volunteers, is said to have commanded the regiment or battalion in question.

It is also reported that picket duty is performed by some regiments with gross negligence and in utter disregard of requirements of General Orders, Numbers 5., from Headquarters Army of the Mississippi, dated March 17, 1862, especially so much as prescribes that a continuous chain of sentinels should guard the front of our lines in advance of all regiments on outpost duty. The general is anxious that early measures should be taken to secure strict observance of his orders concerning pickets and outpost service.

Respectfully, your obedient servant, .

[THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,May 8, 1862

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

GENERAL: Bring all of your troops back into the lines, keeping out on the roads pickets only. Take up your new position immediately.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY, 8?,], 1862

GENERAL: I send you Captain Roddey and a prisoner. The captain's scouts are just in from the enemy's rear, on Chambers Creek; they think Pope's whole force is this side of the creek, and that all the army is advancing.

Your, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

I send you the above for your information. It is just received-11.30 p.m.

G. T. B.

CORINTH, MISS,

May 8, 1862-11.30 p.m.

General EARL VAN DORN,

Farmington Road, Miss.:

The inclosed* is a dispatch just received by General Bragg. He thinks it reliable. If so, it may be advisable to crush, him before he can be supported. Make your arrangements accordingly,and let us go on with the movement as contemplated. Meanwhile give your men rest, and procure one or two days' rations for early to-morrow morning.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

