
[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

------

, ----, ---, 1862

GENERAL: No enemy in my front. I have sent scouts out toward Farmington and to the right to ascertain where he is. I must move to the right to find him in the morning. I like the move you spoke of this morning, but from this point I cannot well get around in time for Bragg and Hardee; that is, unless I can get through the Clear Creek Bottom, north of the railroad. I will see. I think I can go around better. When scouts return I will dispatch again.

Yours, &amp;c.,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

I think Van Dorn might attack by the road going in at Utley's, while you attack via Farmington; then drive Pope furiously against Chambers Creek, on toward the junction with Seven Mile Creek.

G. T. B.

[General BRAGG.]

[Indorsement Numbers 3.]

I concur, and will send Van Dorn two guides from Roddey's company to lead him on the route.

B. B.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 1. Corinth Miss.,. May 8, 1862

I. On assuming command of the Army of the Mississippi the general commanding announces the following staff:

Major George G. Ganer, assistant adjutant-general.

First Lieutenant Towson Ellis, C. S. Army, First Lieutenant F. S. Parker, C. S. Army, aides-de-camp.

Brigadier General D. M. Frost, inspector-general.

Colonel H. Oladowski, chief of ordnance.

Major J. H. Hallonquist, chief of artillery.

Colonel L. W. O'Bannon, chief quartermaster.

Major J. J. Walker, chief of subsistence.

Surg. A. J. Foard, medical director.

II. No leave of absence or furlough will be granted except on surgeon's certificate, as now provided, and all officers and soldiers now absent who may be fit for duty will be directed to join their respective commands immediately.

III. To insure the prompt delivery of orders by couriers, officers receiving them will return a receipt stating the hour received.

IV. All orders must be promptly distributed and carried into execution.

V. The weekly returns now required will in future state the number and kind of effective arms and the quantity of ammunition in the hands of the troops.

VI. All officers and soldiers who are now or who may hereafter be absent without leave more than seven days, without an explanation, will be reported by name, with the circumstances in each case, that they

