
complish. As to that of course I say nothing, but take it for granted that its power is as great now as it will be at any time before the impending conflict with Halleck. What may be the effect of delay and a retrograde movement (which is likely to follow delay) on the spirit of the army is also to be considered.

But I have already extended my letter too far, and beg that you will excuse me on the score of deep interest felt in the subject.

With greatest respect, your obedient servant,

A. W. O. TOTTEN.
HEADQUARTERS.

Richmond, May 9, 1862

General W. W. LORING,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In assigning you to the command of the Department of Southwestern Virginia, as by Paragraph XVI, Special Orders, Numbers 165 May 8., 1862, from the Office of Adjutant and Inspector General, it is not intended in any way to interfere with the plans of Brigadier General H. Marshall for the invasion of Kentucky. So long as his troops are within your department they will of course be subject to your orders, to be made available in any movement which would require their service. Should circumstances permit, however, and General Marshall finds himself in a condition to make a demonstration in Kentucky, it is desired that there be no impediment placed in the way of his execution of his original instructions; and for your better knowledge and guidance I herewith inclose a copy of the same.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General

(Copy sent to General H. Marshall.)
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Corinth, Miss., May 10, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: With a view to harassing the enemy, the general wishes four rockets to be thrown up to-night at 11 o'clock, at intervals of five minutes, from in front of Generals Hardee's and Polk's lines and the center. He wishes these rockets to be discharged as near to the enemy's pickets as practicable. General Van Dorn has been instructed to throw up four rockets at the same time from the right of his lines.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 10, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN,

Commanding Army of the West:

GENERAL: Immediately after any engagement with the enemy you will require each regimental commander to forward to these headquar-

---------------

*Reference is probably to letter from Cooper to Marshall, November 1, 1861. See Series I, Vol. IV. p. 495, and Mackall to Marshall, Series I, Vol. VII, p. 754.

---------------

