
ters, for publication in orders, the names of those officers and privates of his regiment who shall have most distinguished themselves, as well as of those who shall have misbehaved or abandoned their colors on the field of battle.

Regiments whose gallantry and bravery shall have been most conspicuous will be allowed to inscribe on their banners the name of the battle-field on which, they were engaged, but regiments misbehaving in action will be deprived of their colors until they shown themselves worthy of defending them.

From the difficulty of communicating orders in the country in which we are operating, it is necessary that each division, brigade, and regimental commander should clearly understand that, when without orders or at a loss to know what to do in action, they must rapidly advance in the direction of the heaviest firing; for the art of war consists in concentration of masses. Moreover our motto should be FORWARD AND ALWAYS FORWARD! until victory may perch decisively upon our banners. The more rapid the attack, the weaker, habitually, the resistance.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Bethel, May 10, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my scouts returned yesterday from the neighborhood of Stantonville, and report the enemy having moved their camp from that place, although their pickets are still there. Everything seems to be going in the direction of Corinth. Two Federal prisoners captured near the railroad yesterday report the same. They are deserters, trying to make their way to Missouri. The scouts have taken quite a number of mules and a few horses which have strayed from their camps. The telegraph wire is mended but the operator in Corinth has not connected with this place. My scouts scour the country for 12 or 15 miles in the direction of Pittsburg and Corinth. No enemy between this and Jackson.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

A. J. LINDSAY,

Colonel, Commanding [Mississippi Cavalry]

CAMP OF THE TEXAS RANGERS,

Lamb's Ferry, on the Tennessee River, May 10, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Corinth:

DEAR SIR: A detachment of Rangers and Helm's men had a fight near Bethel, 25 miles from this place, yesterday, killing 17 men and taking 49 prisoners.

I send four wagons, two from my regiment and two from Helm's, for ammunition. I am out. I have written to my quartermaster, Captain Botts, who is [in] Corinth, to make out the proper requisitions. Please send the money you promised me by Captain Botts. Scott's regiment is not acting with the brigade. I had a conversation with Colonel

