
duty. In whatever form he may be restored is not for me to say. One

thing only I will say, that he can do more than any other man in Southwestern Virginia to repel the invasion that now threatens us. And with him as the commander our salt-works, iron-works, and lead mines would not have been threatened by the enemy.

I cannot approach the officials of Richmond, because I am a strangers; but I speak the voice of Southwestern Virginia, upon whose resources the Southern Confederacy will have to depend for the successful prosecution of the war now waged upon us by a ruthless and unrelenting foe, and in my humble judgment it is no time for old family feuds to prevent a union of all who heartily desire the success of the sacred cause in which we are all engaged-a cause common to us all. We have one faith, one destiny.

In regard to Jenifer's conduct, you are already apprised of it. I was before the Assistant Secretary of the War Department to-day,in company with Judge Camden, who has been in the Southwest on Judge Fulkerson's circuit, and gave such information as we possessed.

Your friend.

AND. S. FULTON.

We fully concur in the views and opinions of Judge Fulton.

DAVID McCOMAS

EVERMONT WARD.

G. D. CAMDEN.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR CLINTON, LA.,May 11, 1862

Major General LEONIDAS POLKS

First Division, C. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have visited several of the parishes on the Mississippi River in pursuit of guns. Since the occupation of New Orleans and Baton Rouge by the enemy companies have been organized throughout the State, taking with them all the arms that can be procured. I have been busily engaged aiding the officers in their organization. Captain Janes, my neighbor, leaves with a full company for Camp Moore. Captain Packwood, of Clinton, leaves with his company in a few days. Every able man will shoulder his gun and leave in a few days for the seat of war.

I can do more service in aiding companies to organize than can be done recruiting at present. Guerrilla bands are forming in the Florida parishes, consisting of old and young men not subject to military laws.

The Federal gunboats (not iron-clads) are blockading the mouth of Red River. All the ferry-boats have been seized by them. Natchez is the only safe place of crossing at present. I find that the Federals are making an effort to reach Memphis, intending to cut off all communication from the west bank of the Mississippi River. We have traitors amongst us, who will give them aid. We have been sadly betrayed in this State. Hundreds of men, in my opinion, have already made secret arrangements for a heavy sugar and cotton speculation; therefore will sell our country to save their property. A greater part of the cotton immediately on the river bayous has already been burned. But little sugar as yet been destroyed. This you can rely upon, as I have carefully investigated the momentous subject of burning cotton. The enemy are sugar-coating the planters, offering them ample protec-

