
tion to all private property. We have many in our midst that will bite at this bait, specie being paid for cotton and sugar. I touch these subjects merely to impart such information as I believe will be of service to our commanding general in the army.

The average speed of the Federal gunboats against the Mississippi current 5 miles per hour. I had them timed at different points. They only ran in daylight.

I remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

WARREN COLE,

General Recruiting Officer, C. S. Army
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, May 12, 1862

Colonel THOMAS CLAIBORNE, Jackson:

COLONEL: The general commanding instructs me to modify the telegraphic instructions of yesterday* as follows:

Your regiment will hold and guard the line from Bolivar to Pocahontas, scouting occasionally toward Bethel, and you will keep your command in readiness to move at a moment's notice to the assistance of Colonels Lindsay and Brewer. These officers, with their regiments, have been ordered to guard the railroad and bridges from Pocahontas to this place; also occasionally scouting

toward Bethel. Colonel Jackson, with his command, has been ordered to guard the line from Brownsville to Forked Deer River via Ripley, reporting fully to General Villepigue.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 12, 1862

Major EUGENE E. McLEAN:

MAJOR: The commanding general desires that you should take immediate measures for the boring of artesian wells within the lines occupied by this army. He wishers the utmost energy infused into the work. It is said that the implements in working order can be had at Columbus, and probably also at Memphis. Some energetic officer of your department the general wishes specially intrusted with the work. Major Peters might be willing to undertake it, in addition to his general duties with General Polk's corps.

Respectfully, your obedient obedient,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 12 [10], 1862

Major General EARL VAN DORN:

GENERAL: In order to harass the enemy the general wishes four rockets to be thrown up from the right of your position at 11 o'clock

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

