
to-night at intervals of five minutes between each rocket. At the same time the same number of rockets will be sent up in front of General Bragg's lines at three points as near the enemy's lines as possible. It might be well, too, that your rockets should be sent up in advance of the cavalry pickets in your front.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI

Corinth, Miss., May 12, 1862

Major-General POLK:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you prepare your command immediately for a movement. They must have three days' cooked rations in haversacks and two days' more in wagons; infantry with blankets and 100 rounds of ammunition; artillery with field supply. No baggage allowed. The medical department will prepare for an action; all to be ready early to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERS STATION, MISS.,

May 12, 1862

Brigadier General D. S. DONELSON,

Commanding First Brigade:

SIR: I have just returned from a scout east. The enemy are still in their position near the Carding Mill; their pickets are a little advanced east. They are closing down in a northerly direction. Their drums are heard, but not distinctly. I think those now on the left of us can be easily captured by prudent management. I learned to-night that they are ambushing Mr. Meeks' house, some mile and a half from this place. There are 21 more men here; came in to-day. Their infantry can do nothing toward obstructing this road, except on each side of the railroad. The enemy are still advancing in front toward Corinth .

Submitting this, I have the honor to be,your obedient servant,

W. C. BACOT,

Commanding Cavalry.

P. S.- I have just received a note to Captain Mulva. I do not know where he is, as he left off work before I came where he was. The courier states that the same directions were intended for me, but I cannot leave without your order it.

Your obedient servant,

W. C. B.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 5. May 12, 1862

I. Hereafter one-fourth of the effective strength of each brigade will

