
bivouac at the trenches in their front, prepared for immediate action. This will not supersede the ordinary guard and sentinels.

II. As the enemy is but a short distance from our lines at three different points, the troops will be held ready to meet him promptly at all times, day or night.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

OUTPOST, PURDY ROAD, MISS.

Monday [Monday 12, 1862] - 10 a.m.

General GEORGE GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The three companies under Lieutenant-Colonel Denett I have relieved and brought in to this point this morning, and put pickets in their old places. There is a space of a mile and a half or so between my pickets, on the right,and those of Colonel Fisk, on his left, that I have directed Captain Harper to scout with his cavalry. I have not force sufficient to extend my pickets to meet his. I have here 800 men, and more than 300 of them stand guard every twenty-four hours. I have no reserve except those just off duty.

I have nothing special to report of the movements of the enemy. I send copy of correspondence with Brigadier-General

-----

, had this morning.* What shall I do in reference thereto?

Respectfully,

WM. A. BUCK,

Colonel, Commanding Outpost.

P. S. - I am completely worn-out and sick with fatigue, and have slept but one night in the last four.

OUTPOST, PURDY ROAD, MISS.

May 13, 1862-12 m.

Major GEORGE G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just had a sharp conflict with the enemy's advance-cavalry and infantry. They drove in my pickets along the line. I sent out a detachment and drove them back,and now occupy our old picket ground. They have a camp north of us (heard their drums this morning) on this road about a mile.

Respectfully,

WM. A. BUCK,

Colonel Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., May 13, 1862

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL,

Commanding Cavalry, Corinth:

GENERAL: Colonel Claiborne has been ordered to guard the road from Bolivar to Pocahontas, scouting in the direction of Bethel, and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

