
Colonel Lindsay to guard the bridges of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad on the Hatchie and Tuscumbia, Colonel Brewer guarding the crossing of the same railroad with the old State-line road, leading from near Monterey to Matamoras, both of these regiments to scout in the direction of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. It becomes necessary, now to concentrate at once Colonel Claiborne's regiment with Brewer's,as it is probable that point of the railroad is the one at present most in danger. You will give the necessary orders by telegraph and by express. Colonel Claiborne must get to his point of destination by the shortest practicable route. They will scout from there as already instructed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 13, 1862

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding Army of the West, near Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard suggests that in case you have not already at that point, you send to the railroad bridge, of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, across the Tuscumbia River, one regiment of infantry and a section of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Should circumstances require your presence along your lines this afternoon, General Beauregard does not wish you to meet him, as agreed upon to-day, but will go where you may be. Please send some one to direct him in this case.

-------

,

-----

,---, 1862

[General BEAUREGARD:]

I have the Missouri State Guard and a battery of artillery at Morrison's Mill, where the road from Farmington comes in, just above the Tuscumbia Bridge. Will order them to the bridge if there is a road that comes in below. I think there is none. Will send orders to the commander to find out, and if there is to move part of his command there.

EARL VAN DORN.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,

General Jones' Headquarters, May 13, 1862-4.15 p.m

General BEAUREGARD:

Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL; The enemy are forming (so reported by staff officer sent out to inquire of infantry pickets) in the field just beyond the point where the Corinth road intersects or joins this (Danville). Four cannon-shots were fired at them; 4 men reported killed. Infantry still

