
III. Major-General Breckinridge will be ready to assume his position as reserves at the firing of the first gun early to-morrow morning.

By command of General Bragg;

GEO. G. GARNER

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 13, 1862

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

You may suspend action in enrollment until you receive special instructions.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 13, 1862

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cumberland Gap:

GENERAL: Information has reached Major General E. Kirby Smith that-

The enemy have fallen back from Big Creek Gap and Archer's to Flat Lick, a point between London and Cumberland Ford: that the blockade of the road at the top of Pine Mountain was still effective, and that there was no evidence of its having been disturbed; from that point and a spur of the mountain it was plain that their former camp had been abandoned.

If the enemy had also fallen back from Cumberland Ford or to the other side of the river a strong picket should be posted at that point, and every effort made to obtain correct information of his movements and plans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS

Richmond, Va., May 13, 1862

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,Commanding, &c., Lebanon, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 8th instant is received. Orders were sent General Heth to prepare to resist the advance of the enemy, because my information indicated that it was into his district that they would probably move. The promptness with which you put your force in motion to aid in opposing the enemy is very gratifying, and your arrangements were as well made, and I doubt not would have proved as effective, as if you had received such suggestions as it would have been in my power to give. I fully approve of the course pursued by you, and I hope that you will always exercise the same discretion when similar emergencies arise.

With regard to the prisoners,they had better be exchanged with the officer commanding the Federal troops, if he has any prisoners of ours in his hands; or, if not, they might be exchanged for paroled me, of

