
whom there are a good many in various parts of the country, and I doubt not in your section.

I am pleased to see the strength of the force that we shall have in your part of the State. While it is not as great as that of the enemy is reported to be, I trust that it may be put in such condition as to insure at least successful stand against the enemy should he threaten the valuable stores and important communications of Southwest Virginia.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, May 15, 1862

Generals VAN DORN and BRAGG:

GENERALS: The probability of a scarcity of water in this locality renders it necessary that immediate steps should be taken to have dug artesian wells. Orders have already been given to that effect to the chief quartermaster of this department, but it becomes necessary that each army should endeavor also to procure these wells as soon as practicable; hence you will take immediate steps to obtain the necessary machinery for boring said wells or to contract for the same.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

MAY 15, 1862

Major GEORGE G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: The enemy seem to be in very large force and much nearer our lines than yesterday morning at 2.45 o'clock. Reveille commenced in their camp and could be distinctly heard all along from our immediate front to a point directly east of us. I have thought it best to advise you of these facts, as their gradual approach and the early hour of getting his men up may indicate a movement on their part.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

PRESTON SMITH,

Acting Brigadier-General.

P. S.-There is some firing along the advanced line of pickets.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., May 15, 1862

Captain A. N. TOUTANT BEAUREGARD,

Aide-de-Camp,&amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: Please say to the general that I am not aware what result has been attained by the engineers who have been at work on the two roads from this to Kossuth; but I have sent out two staff officers to examine and report. They will be back this evening, when I will report the result of their visit.

Very respectfully, &c.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

