
are forming line of battle in front of General Van Dorn. He directs you to form your troops and take your position and await orders.

By command of General Braxton Bragg:

DAVID URQUHART,

Aide-de-Camp.

(Similar orders to Major-General Polk.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss.,. May 18, 1862

Major-General POLK:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that the troops be permitted to return to their encampments and get their breakfast, but to be held ready to move at moment's notice.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL BEAUREGARD'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 18, 1862

General VAN DORN:

Position B is most advantageous, provided enemy would attack, but I fear he is advancing with gradual approaches. It would be well to have him closely reconnoitered from the direction of Hardee's pickets, if practicable, otherwise from your own.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 43. Corinth, Miss., May 18, 1862

I. To do full justice to the private soldier, who is seldom accorded his meed of praise and who rarely receives full credit for his gallant deeds and to place him in this respect more nearly on an equality with the commissioned officer, the commander of the forces determined to distribute a badge of merit, in person, in presence of the troops, to every officer and every private soldier who shall greatly distinguish himself in any engagement with the enemy.

II. This badge will have inscribed upon it the name of the battle in which it was won. During the war it will be a proud testimonial of the wearer's heroism, and will place his name upon the list of those entitled to promotion in the army. When the invader is driven back and our independence secured, it will gloriously prove his title to the gratitude of his countrymen and to the highest of civic honors.

III. Commanders of corps, divisions, brigades, regiments, and companies will, immediately after each engagement, carefully report their bravest men to a military commission, to be appointed for the purpose, upon whose report that their conduct has been pre-eminently brave they will receive this reward of patriotism and courage from the hands of their general.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

