
except what the men can carry, will be left behind. No portion of rations drawn for this purpose are to be consumed before marching. In the mean time let the work of debarkation go on as rapidly as possible.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

WM. R. ROWLEY,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Pittsburg Landing, March 20, 1862.

Captain McMICHAEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, present:

SIR: I have this moment returned from the front, where I learned that a wagoner got beyond the lines, lost one of his mules, left his wagon, and got back to Shiloh Meeting House, where he reported to Colonel Hildebrand that he had seen the scouts of the enemy.

Colonel Hildebrand dispatched Colonel Mungen, of the Ohio Fifty-seventh, with a command of about 300 men, by the Corinth road, to a point about a mile and a half beyond the point where the night skirmish took place.

Here Colonel Mungen discovered about 60 of the enemy's cavalry, who made show of fight, but, on discovering his force, they retired over the ridge to the south and disappeared.

Colonel Mungen followed their tracks and picked up a revolver and a pair of cavalry saddle-bags. This place is some 2 miles this side of the point to which I had extended my reconnaissance, and I have no doubt they will make desperate efforts to penetrate our lines to ascertain line, and as but few live within our lines, I think they are utterly at a loss.

I inclose you a letter, received this afternoon, from Colonel McDowell,* Sixth Iowa Infantry, commanding First Brigade of my division, who has also discovered the presence of the enemy's pickets to his left front, not very far from the place where Colonel Mungen saw them.

Colonel Taylor's Fifth Ohio Cavalry (eight companies) is now in the advance, and will be ready to execute anything you may order.

In relation to the hundred bales of cotton, I think I should take it, ship it, subject to the claim of the rightful owner. If he be in open rebellion, then of course it is forfeited. I have instructed Colonel McDowell to watch it, and bring it in as soon as he can spare transportation from the work of removal now going on.

I am, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS,Pittsburg Landing, March 20, 1862.

Colonel LAUMAN,

Commanding Second Division:

SIR: General Smith is on board the Hiawatha, unwell, and requests, that I should give the necessary directions for encamping the troops as they arrive.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

