
us to fall back, this morning, as they are informed of our force and position. I will withdraw slowly as they advance. They have been engaged in destroying the railroad.

Your obedient servant.

W. C. BACOT,

Commanding Cavalry.

CORINTH MISS., May 20, 1862.*

1st. My headquarters along the upper Farmington road.

2nd. Bragg and Van Dorn to join forces at Farmington and pursue the enemy hotly on road to Monterey and Purdy.

3d. Hardee to guard the crossings of Seven Mile Creek and then cross; to follow Pope should he retire in the direction of the Farmington and Monterey road, and to attack him in rear before he effects a junction with Buell.

4th. Polk and Breckinridge to advance from the left of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to take position parallel to the latter, between it and the Purdy road, to await orders: then to move rapidly toward the Farmington and Purdy road, to take the enemy in flank and rear, Breckinridge guarding the left flank and rear of Polk from an attack in the direction of Purdy.

5th. The cavalry to cut down stragglers. Wirt Adams to report to Polk,

------

to Van Dorn, and

-------

to Bragg.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,May 20, 1862

General BEAUREGARD, Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL: It is dark and rainy, but the movement is within possibility. I will go to work again to reopen the crossing of Clear Creek to-night,and will make every effort to be in position by 8 o'clock to-morrow, if you think it advisable to do so. If it is not of the greatest importance, however, I must say that the promises are not so bright as they would probably be by starting to-morrow evening. It is extremely dark and will rain heavily, I think. Men will not be cheerful, and many will remain, under plea of sickness, who would otherwise go. I will await your telegraph to say, "Go or wait."

Very truly and respectfully,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., May 20, 1862

General BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I learn from General Van Dorn the direction his force, including mine, would take to reach the enemy in the proposed movement. Much of the route has not been examined. With your approbation I will send Colonel Liddell to make a reconnaissance in that direction to-morrow. I am pleased the movement was deferred.

With high regard, respectfully, yours,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

---------------

*In pencil and unsigned, but believed to be in General Beauregard's handwriting

---------------

