
GENERAL ORDERS, HDS. SP'L DEPT. OF GUARDS AND DEPOTS.

No., 1. Corinth, Miss., May 20, 1862

I. In conformity with Paragraph IV, Special Orders, Numbers 63. emanating from headquarters of the Army of the Mississippi Valley, the undersigned assumes command of the Special Department of Guards and Depots.

II. The following staff officers are announced:

Captain R. M. Hooe, assistant adjutant and acting inspector general. Surg. F. M. Hereford, chief surgeon.

Captain George Whitfield, chief quartermaster.

First Lieutenant M. B. Ruggles, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant H. H. Price, special service in adjutant-general's department.

Lieutenant A. B. De Saulles, topographical engineer.

Lieutenant L. D. Sandidge, acting assistant inspector-general.

III. Headquarters will be temporarily established at Jackson, Miss., where communications will be addressed to the staff officers in charge of the respective departments.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., May 21, 1862

MEMORANDA FOR COMMANDERS.

1st. In the movement about to be made the Second Corps will be distributed as follows:

Three brigades of Hindman's division will take the lower or right-hand Farmington road; one will take the left or upper Farmington road. One brigade of Trapier's division will move on this road immediately in rear of Hindman's; Trapier's other brigades will move on the Monterey road. All will halt and bivouac in rear of Bridge Creek, 1 mile in front of our lines.

2nd. When the action shall have fairly commenced on the right between the enemy and the forces of General Van Dorn, these brigades will move across the creek, and form line of battle with the right and left of Trapier's and Hindman's divisions, resting on the upper Farmington road.

A brigade of about 2,000 will form the reserve, and be posted about 300 yards in rear of the right flank.

A brigade of near 2,500 will constitute the reserve of the left, and be posted about same distance in rear of left flank. Preston's brigade will move on upper Farmington road and constitute the reserve of the center.

3rd. When the action shall have become general and warm with Van Dorn this force will advance and attack the enemy vigorously in flank, pushing forward on the right,and holding a strong and steady front on the left, where our flank should be well protected by the reserve and cavalry. One hundred of Colonel Clanton's cavalry will report to Major-General Hindman and move on his right flank. The remainder under the colonel, will report to Brigadier-General Trapier, and cover his left on the Monterey road.

