
4th. As soon as we encounter the enemy he must be pressed with the greatest vigor and driven from his batteries; for as soon as he loses the protection of his heavy guns he is conquered. In this connection the general desires to impress it upon his troops that too much importance is attached to artillery. We lose more men be retreating from it than it would cost to charge and capture it, and we rely too much on our batteries to drive off imaginary foes from concealed places. Let our infantry press on and carry destruction before it and we shall suffer less and achieve more. When we have once got him on the move, let no consideration delay a rapid pursuit. The wounded will be best protected by driving the enemy back, that our surgeons may come up and attend them. Prisoners can be safely left behind us until the victory is complete, and no brave soldier will waste his precious time in plunder, however rich the stores, so long as a living enemy remains before him. Let every command them be "Forward!" let energy and alacrity characterize every movement, and the day must be ours.

5th. Three days' cooked rations will be carried in haversacks; two uncooked will be left in wagons ready to be taken out. Canteens should be well, filled, and one blanket, to be left in bivouac and brought back in wagons to-morrow morning, will constitute the outfit. Forty-rounds of ammunition in the boxes and 100 rounds surplus in wagons should be carried.

6th. Outposts will be held ready to move with their brigades. Each commander will leave the invalids and a suitable officer to guard the trenches.

7th. Officers of all grades should restrain their men from random firing when no foe is seen.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS.,

May 21, 1862-4.30 p.m.

General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions I have delayed my movement for one hour, or until 5.30 p.m., at which time I will commence to move, unless otherwise directed.

Very truly,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General

MAY 21, 1862-11.45. p.m.

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch respecting the disposition of my command, which will be complied with. I will place them in line, as directed.

Truly,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

