
berland Ford, and suggested that perhaps you would deem an offensive movement with his co-operation advisable.

He directs me to say that he relies implicitly on your judgment, and that,if from information of the enemy's movements you deem such a step proper, any expedition which you may arrange with Brigadier General Barton will meet his approval and be supported with all his available force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,May 22, 1862-2.30 a.m.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I shall start at 3 a.m. to join my command. My aide-de-camp, Captain Hardee, has just returned from General Davis' headquarters,which he thinks about 10 miles from this place, the right of his line 2 miles beyond that. The road is blocked up with troops, wagons, and artillery. The head of my column is about 4 miles from this place. Van Dorn has ordered my command to start at 3 a.m. and to pass Jones' and McCown's divisions.

Very truly,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

P. S. -General Bushrod R. Johnson has returned to his quarters sick. I have thought you might write to know how far it is that we had to move before advancing on the enemy. It seems to be a long detour, providing the enemy is enterprising.

P. S.- We shall hardly form line of battle to advance before 9 o'clock.

P. S.- One of the regiments to be relieved by General Bragg has returned; the other has not.

CORINTH, MISS.,

May 22, 1862-4.30 a.m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Present:

GENERAL: I think it would be advisable to keep your pickets and regiments on outpost duty in front of your lines and Bragg's, as usual, to be drawn in to join your command only when Breckinridge's brigade shall move out; for the enemy must not be aware of any change there or elsewhere.

Can you make use of General Beall? If desired, I could order him to report to you.

Van Dorn will not be able to commence the attack before 8 a.m.

Your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

