
MAY 22, 1862-1 p.m.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

DEAR GENERAL: From reconnoitering parties on the Monterey and upper Farmington roads the enemy are reported in the same position, the cessation of fire being due to more caution on both sides. Several have been wounded and 1 killed in the picket firing. As yet we hear nothing from Van Dorn, and I fear he has been badly guided.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG

MAY 22, 1862-4.15 p.m.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: General Hindman has ordered the destruction of a log house on the lower Farmington road, now occupied by the enemy, and from which they seriously annoy and damage our pickets. He lost a captain and 4 men there this morning. You will probably hear some artillery for dislodging them. I have approved and ordered the execution. Hindman I fear, cannot hold out, but Anderson, his next in rank, is a true and reliable, successor. A deserter from Anderson attempted this morning to join the enemy, but was captured and promptly executed.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,May 22, 1862-8 a.m.

General BRAGG,

Commanding, Front:

GENERAL: I am now on the cross-roads leading to Dickey's Mill and about the intersection of the Burnsville road. I have been delayed by bad management and stupidity of officers, unexpected defiles, &amp;c., and I am sick with disappointment and chagrin, but will push the enemy when I do reach our position. I feel like a wolf and will fight Pope like one. Have patience with me; you will hear my guns soon.

Yours, &c.,

EARL VAN DORN.

CORINTH, MISS.,

May 22, 1862-10 a.m.

Major-General VAN DORN,

Near Glendale, Miss.:

Your note of 8 a.m. just received. I hope everything will yet go right. We are all ready here. I have ordered the telegraph line extended as far as possible on the Memphis and Ohio Railroad. Manage to let us know when Bragg should commence his attack. My fear is we may not hear you guns well enough. Be careful not to shoot on our troops.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.- The line is extended 5 miles, and I have sent an operator there from here.

