
--------

,

-----

, ----, 1862

General BEAUREGARD:

I have written. Cannot attack, and am retiring.

E. VAN. D.

GENERAL POLK'S STATION, MISS.,

May 22, 1862-10.40 a.m

General BEAUREGARD:

My own troops are posted, as directed, between the Purdy road and the railroad. I find there is not sufficient space between my line and the railroad for General Breckinridge's command; but Breckinridge is on the railroad ready to move across. Adams' and Slemon's regiments of cavalry are on my left and rear. I have sent out cavalry pickets on the bridges well toward Chambers; also on the road between the bridge road and the railroad. Our line of advance pickets on the east of the railroad has not been disturbed an dour left is well protected by it. My position is therefore, I believe, thus far masked. I have Breckinridge's brigade, under Bowen, on the Purdy road, posted near the sally-port. I have organized the invalids,and have posted them along my lines. There may be of them perhaps, 1,000. The turnout from the regiments has been larger than was expected. All is quiet on our front. I await orders.

L. POLK

Major-General.

MAY 22, 1862

GENERAL: I send you the accompanying prisoner. He says he was taken seeking for water. The most important information he brings is that they are throwing up earthworks across the Purdy road, about a mile in advance of the pickets; that they have batteries in position behind them and abatis in front, and that Sigel was in front of this line inspecting a battery three days ago. I send also General Cheatham's note.

Yours, &amp;c.

L. POLK.

P. S.- I am just informed by General Cheatham that Colonel Wirt Adams has told him that two or three of the soldiers of this army deserted last night and went over to the enemy. Colonel Adams could not tell to what part of the army they belonged. I will investigate the matter further.

MAY 22, 1862

General G. T. BEAUREGARD

Commanding, Corinth:

GENERAL: I understood your order, as explained in your not before me, and had given orders to the railroad superintendents. The water trains will have a supply of water in an hour.

Very truly, your obedient servant.

R. B. HURT,

Military Superintendent, &c.

