
I direct that you select a line for the entire division parallel to the river (Tennessee), or nearly so, about one mile distant from the river, and encamp by brigades, so that they can promptly form line of battle, and move out as such by the road leading into the interior, as may hereafter be designated as our line of operations.

No regiment should camp within 50 yards of the road, so as to have room for the teams to select more ground for the road.

The brigades of Buckland and Hildebrand, occupying a point of this ground, will move to-day some 2 miles farther to the front.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, March 20, 1862.

Brigadier General E. DUMONT, U. S. V.,

Commanding at Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: Special Orders, No.-, of this date, assign you to the command of the troops in and about this city and on the lines of communication of the army.

It is unnecessary to tell you that the position involves great responsibilities and a mass of detail that cannot be conveyed by written instructions.

You are to see that the discipline of the troops under your control is preserved and their instructions carried on zealously and constantly, and that the duties assigned to them are faithfully executed; that the lines of communication of the army are kept open; that the telegraph lines are kept in order; that mails and supplies are regularly and promptly sent forward; that trains are provided with suitable escorts, either by troops coming from the army with them or by troops under your command; that the bridges and roads are properly guarded and kept in good order; that the sick and wounded and properly housed and cared for; that convalescents and stragglers in the city are sent to the barracks, there organized into companies and battalions, regularly supplied, disciplined, and drilled, and forwarded to their proper regiments in convenient detachments from time to time, and that re-enforcements are in like manner fitted out with transportation and supplies and forwarded when called for. You will see that the public property is properly guarded and preserved; that officers and soldiers are not allowed to hang about the city; that the most rigid discipline is enforce in every corps and camp; that the rights of citizens are not unnecessarily encroached upon, and that depredators are instantly arrested and brought to punishment.

These various objects, all important to the well being of the troops and the success of the military operations, will demand of you and those under your control the utmost energy, system, and assiduity.

Captain Fry, chief of staff, will furnish you with a memorandum of the troops under your command and of their positions. If circumstances should render and change in these arrangements necessary, you will make them yourself, if they are urgent, and report your actions or recommendations to the chief of staff.

I wish also that you should endeavor, by employing spies and by such other means as may present themselves, to gain all the information you can concerning the enemy, particularly in those quarters that are

