HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., May 23, 1862

CIRCULAR.]

The general commanding directs that hereafter the outpost duty be performed by the several corps and divisions as follows, viz:

Major-General Hardee will hold the lower Farmington road with no less than 600 infantry and 50 cavalry, keeping a section of artillery ready to support this force.

Major-General Hindman will hold the upper Farmington road with 500 infantry and two pieces of artillery.

Brigadier-General Trapier will hold the Monterey road with 500 infantry, two pieces of artillery, and 100 cavalry; also a position half way between the Monterey and Purdy road with 300 infantry.

Major-General Polk will hold the Purdy road with 1,000 infantry.

His pickets will connect with those of the central corps half way between the Monterey and Purdy roads.

A continuous chain of sentinels will be kept up between the forces of General Van Dorn on the right and those of General Polk on the left.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 23, 1862

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL: Upon my return from the field on yesterday I learned that the enemy were bombarding Fort Pillow and that Vicksburg had but until to-day to surrender in,so I immediately took advantage of a burden train about to start and came into the city. I will leave in an hour for Fort Pillow, and hope that another daring exploit will raise the spirits of our desponding country men, also hope that your next advance may be successful and fruitful. I hear to-day that 1,200 cavalry have passed down Crowley Ridge to Chalk Bluff, dispersing the troops which I had in Southeast Missouri, and defending the courts which the Gamble government have been holding in the lower counties. I will hear more about it at Fort Pillow, and will let you know the extent of their depredations.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Guard.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT

Numbers 52. Corinth, Miss., May 23, 1862

In view of impending events and the proximity of the enemy, all publications relating to the organization or movements of this army, or any fraction thereof, is positively prohibited. Whoever shall violate this order, if a citizen, shall be sent forthwith beyond the lines,and shall not be permitted to return within them again; and if in the service, shall be punished according to the rules and regulations for this

