HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE.

Knoxville, May 24, 1862

Brigadier General S. M. BARTON,Commanding Fourth Brigade, Powell's Valley:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he has received a communication from Colonel Reynolds,at Big Creek Gap, dated May 23, 7 p.m., informing him of a report, brought in by his spies, to the effect that on yesterday (the 23d) were to commence crossing the mountains a column of 4,000 by way of Jacksborough and another of 5,000 by or through Woodson's Gap, while another force was to advance on Cumberland Gap.

The various reports that have reached him on this subject are so conflicting, that he is almost at a loss what conclusion to come to. He desires, therefore, that you would exert every effort to inform yourself reliably if there is any foundation for the report received by Colonel Reynolds.

If you think it advisable you will effect a junction with him, and if you do not think such a step proper now, he wishes that you make such arrangements as will enable you to do so, if it should become necessary.

Information of those reports has been given to General Stevenson.

Telegraphic dispatches to-day announce a forward movement at Corinth and Richmond. This may indicate a general movement everywhere.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 54. Corinth, Miss., May 24, 1862.

I. All newspaper and other correspondents are hereby ordered to leave this post by the first train, nor will they be permitted to return within 25 miles of the lines.

II. The inspectors-general of the army are specially charged with the execution of this order, both in relation to the correspondents now here or any other who may arrive.

III. Officers and soldiers are forbidden to write of the movements of the army in their correspondence, and the general commanding confidently relies on the patriotism of his troops for the faithful execution of this order.

IV. All officers and privates absent from their posts for seven days without leave shall be dropped from the rolls of the army and by considered as deserters, and when arrested shall be punished accordingly.

Their names will also be published in the newspaper as such.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 55. Corinth., Miss., May 24, 1862

The general commanding the forces desires to call the attention of the army to the insubordinate conduct of the following-named officers of Colonel J. S. Scott's regiment of cavalry, Louisiana:

Captain C. W. Keep, Company A; Captain W. W. Leake, Company C;

