
Captain John Routh Williams, Company D; Captain J. Benjamin, Company F; Captain Fenelon Cannon, Company G; Captain John Campbell, Company H; Captain A. Lejeune, Company I. Captain Wm. L. Ditto, Company K.

These offices, without authority, having abandoned their commands in the face of the enemy, and presented themselves in person at these headquarters in order to lodge complaints against their commanding officer, have been promptly ordered under arrest and sent under guard to Brigadier-General Forney, commanding at Mobile, to be confined at Fort Morgan.

The general commanding regrets to notice conduct strangely in contrast with the many recent instances of heroic behavior of the regiment to which they belong, but deems it proper to publish to the army, not only his disapproval of such acts of insubordination, but his stern determination to visit them with the penalty due to their commission.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

CORINTH, May 25, 1862

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

To prevent confusion, cannot the Western Department extend overall of the States of Mississippi and Alabama? Prompt action is required.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT.

Corinth, May 25, 1862

Major EUGENE E. McLEAN,Chief Quartermaster Western Department:

MAJOR: Owing to the difficulty of procuring clothing and forage for the army, the general commanding directs me to call your attention to the propriety of having issued from these headquarters an order allowing the chief quartermaster of each army to purchase and have made the clothing required by his army, and also that the quartermaster of each corps have the authority to provide the forage required for his corps; all of such quartermaster to report regularly their operations to the chief quartermaster of the department.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

[Acting Chief of Staff.]

SUNDAY NIGHT, May 25, 1862

General BEAUREGARD:

DEAR GENERAL: I have thought it proper to reduce my views to writing on the subject we were discussing to-day. You will give them whatever weight they deserve. They are honestly entertained . I think

