
CORINTH, MISS., May 26, 1862

Major General W. J. HARDEE, Near Corinth, Miss:

DEAR GENERAL: I fully concur in the views contained in your letter of the 25th instant, received last night, and I had already commenced giving orders to my chiefs of staff departments for its execution. But everything that is done must be done under the plea of the intention to take the offensive at the opportune moment. Every commandant of corps must get everything ready to move at a moment's notice, and must see to the proper condition of the roads and bridges his corps is to travel upon.

Thanking you for your kind wishes, I remain, yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GENERAL ORDERS. WAR DEPARTMENT, A. AND I. G. O.,,

Numbers 39. Richmond, May 26, 1862

* * * * * * *

II. The limits of Department Numbers 1, under command of Major-General Lovell, will hereafter embrace that portion of the State of Mississippi south of the thirty-third parallel and west of Pascagoula and Chickasawha Rivers, including also that part of the State of Louisiana east of the Mississippi River.

III. Department Numbers 2. under command of General Beauregard, is extended south to the thirty-third parallel east of the Mississippi River and extending on that parallel to the eastern boundary of Alabama.

IV. The boundary of the Trans-Mississippi Department will embrace the States of Missouri and Arkansas, including the Indian Territory, the State of Louisiana west of the Mississippi, and the State of Texas.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 59. Corinth, May 26, 1862

Major General T. C. Hindman is relieved from duty in this army, and, at the earnest solicitation of the people of Arkansas, is assigned to the command of the forces in that State. He is charged with its defense, and is fully authorized and empowered to organize its troops under the act of April 16, 1862, enlisted entitled "An act to further provided for the public defense."

The general commanding parts with this gallant officer, whose actions in the field have been so valuably rendered, with sincere regret. He does so only at the urgent request of his own people, who so greatly need and justly value his services at this juncture.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 12. Corinth, Miss., May 26, 1862

At his request, Brigadier General Daniel M. Frost is relieved from duty as the acting inspector-general to this army. The general commanding could not well sustain a greater loss at this particular juncture, and

