HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE.

Knoxville, May 26, 1862

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,Commanding First Brigade, Chattanooga Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 24th instant* is received. In reply to that portion of it referring to the movements of the enemy the major-general commanding directs me to say to you that he has sent Major Lea to report to you. He will assist you in arranging such a system of defense as you may be able, with his help, to devise. You can proceed to the construction of land batteries or fit up the steamer Paint Rock, as you may think best, or both may be done if you deem it advisable.

The commanding general has telegraphed to Atlanta, Ga., in relation to heavy guns for you. He will notify you of the result of his inquiries as soon as an answer is returned. At the same time he wishes you to do all in your power to procure whatever heavy armament you may be able to obtain. Perhaps the Governor of Georgia may be able to render you assistance.

Major Lea will report to these headquarters so soon as you can dispense with his services.

The commanding general further instructs me to say that he has here a very raw Alabama regiment, armed with Enfield rifles, which he desires to remain at this point as long as the interests of the service will allow, in order that it may be drilled. This regiment can be sent to you when you think it necessary, provided it is not needed elsewhere before that time. They may be serviceable to you as sharpshooters.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 60. Corinth, Miss., May 27, 1862

I. Picket firing is positively prohibited in all cases, except when the enemy is advancing. Commanders of regiments and detachments detailed for that service will see that their men are acquainted with this order, and will be held responsible for its violation.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,

Numbers 32 A.# Camp Churchill Clark, May 27, 1862

Preparatory to active offensive operations all baggage, camp equipage, cooking utensils, &amp;c., will this evening be parked in the wagons, and will be put upon the road, under the orders of Captain McGivern, chief quartermaster of his army, at daylight in the morning.

Three days' uncooked rations will be sent in the wagons of each bridge under the orders of brigade commanders, who will be responsible

---------------

*Not found.

#Some copies numbered 52.

---------------

