
command has been driven out of Winchester by the enemy. He directs that you keep yourself as accurately informed as possible of the enemy's movements in that quarter.

Your scouts from the mountains should keep a continued watch, and every other means be taken of ascertaining his intentions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

MAY 27, 1862-2.10 p.m.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: The prospect at the railroad is not encouraging. Things move very slowly- a want of management with the cars, as well as sick. The medical department is now doing better; but I really do not suppose it possible to get off to-night without abandoning arms, ammunition, baggage, &amp;c., which we cannot afford to lose. My baggage is gone, but I am prepared to bivouac for one day in order to save what we can. The force crossing toward Chewalla has retired again. The firing is between Van Dorn's battery and the enemy, who are trying to force Hardee back on the lower Farmington road.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

------

,----,--- 1862

[General BEAUREGARD:]

DEAR GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry were again moving toward Chewalla, crossing the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at Chambers at 11.30 a.m. The scout who comes in saw nothing but cavalry. Others are on the lookout to bring later information. I ordered the regiment out, but will send and see if it is off, and hurry it up.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

------

,

-----

, ----, 1862

General BEAUREGARD:

If we had cars all could be off by 12 to-night. The sick are all off now, and nothing remains but property. We can better decide at 6 p.m.

Yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CORINTH, May 28, 1862

Colonel B. D HARMAN,

[Grand Junction:]

Move all supplies an stores of every kind immediately to Grenada, Miss. Hold your command in readiness to move at any hour, and leave for Grenada when you hear that the enemy has reached Pocahontas. Destroy all bridges east of Grand Junction on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

