
vetter is about 900 infantry,400 cavalry, and eight pieces of light artillery. There is one disposable regiment at this place in a camp of instruction, which can be moved to any point threatened. The inadequacy of the force at Chattanooga and my inability to re-enforce it is a subject of serious anxiety.

I have written to the Governor of Georgia and to Generals Pemberton and Lawton, and must urge upon the Department the necessity of sending immediately either arms or armed regiments to that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

RAILROAD DEPOT,

May 29, 1862-11.30 a.m.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

MY DEAR GENERAL; I have found it necessary to take charge here personally. Colonel O'B. is working with me. It will be impossible to save all. Army, ammunition, and the sick, I fear, will be all we can do; but hospital things and provisions will be saved if possible. I find trunks enough here to load all trains for a day. They are being piled for burning, and great is the consternation. My guard have to be loaded to prevent plundering: but all is going on well. If we had trains all could be well by 12 o'clock to-night; but there is great want of cars.

Nothing in our power will be left undone. It is the first time I have played chief quartermaster, but it is no difficult task.

Yours, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,May 29, 1862

General BEAUREGARD,

Corinth, Miss,:

GENERAL: I shall move as directed. There are some 12 or 15 wounded men of the enemy being brought in by our pickets; 15 of their dead are on the ground where the skirmish took place. I have sent our wounded to the railroad with the sick. Those of the enemy are badly wounded. What shall be done with them? I might leave them at Jones' headquarters, with flag of truce, to be sent after the pickets all leave. Nothing new. The batteries by the house continue to fire at us. Little damage done. They are 12-pounder rifled guns.

Respectfully,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

MAY 29, 1862-1.30 p.m.

General POLK:

Your note to Colonel Chisolm referred to me. Put the men not sick

