
enough for transportation on the march immediately. Cars will be provided for subsistence as soon as we get off what is at the depot. The chief of artillery is directed [to have] cars enough for heavy and ammunition.

A memorandum of movements ordered for the evening is about being sent out.

Let the cavalry be in position and instructed so that the withdrawal of the outposts can be effected safely.

Yours, very truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

DANVILLE, MISS., May 29, 1862

General JOHNSON:

GENERAL; I hear firing in the direction of Rienzi, evidently on the other side of the Tuscumbia.

The railroad bridge has not been destroyed. A very informed about an hour ago that the last trains had not passed. I shall move forward with the command. You must bring up the regiment and the two pieces of artillery now at railroad bridge, provided it does not leave before you. I shall rest a short time at Rienzi, and will endeavor to make Booneville to-night. It is 13 miles from this place.

Respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General

CORINTH, MISS., May 29, 1862

[General EARL VAN DORN:]

GENERAL: On the 28th ultimo, under your order, the quartermaster at Memphis, Tenn., furnished me four steamboats for cotton-burning purposes; it was made my duty to burn and destroy all cotton within reach of the Mississippi River. Accordingly I caused Captain Clendening, with 12 men, to take command of the steamer Saint Francis Numbers 3., Captain Johnson, with 12 men, I put in command of the steamer Daniel B. Miller; Captain Hill, with his 12 men, was put in command of the steamer Era Numbers 6, and I myself took charge of the steamer Milton Brown.

We with those boats proceeded along the Mississippi River and commenced the work assigned to us. I, being in command of the fastest boat, proceeded in advance down the river, leaving orders with the balance of the fleet to complete the work as rapidly as possible until they should overtake me. After being out but a few days I was informed that the Era Numbers 6 (Captain Hill) and the Daniel B. Miller (Captain Johnson) had both abandoned the work. I at once proceeded in search of them, and upon arriving at the city of Memphis I found that they had reported to Colonel Rosser, commanding post at Memphis, and had been by him released from the work; whereupon I proceeded to procure a new supply of rations for myself and men and for the Saint Francis (Captain Clendening and men), returned to the work, and commenced again.

We went as far down as Lake Providence, and was there reliably in-

