
[CHAP. XXII.

I have just learned to-day that your dispatches to me after the taking of Fort Donelson reached Fort Henry-some of them, at least-but were never sent to me. What has become of the operator, then, at Fort Henry? I don't know. At present a soldier detailed from the ranks is filling the station. I have received no mail matter from below for several days, though boats are arriving constantly. My returns for the 20th will be ready to mail to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 21, 1862.

General STRONG, Cairo:

You will send the Second Michigan Battery, if ready, to General Grant by first opportunity. A special order has been issued putting Mound City and Bird's Point, Fort Holt and Paducah, under your command.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 21, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.:

The following is the force in the whole of the late Department of the Ohio, as nearly as can be ascertained at present: Ninety-two regiments of infantry, 60,882 for duty; 79,334 aggregate present and absent. Eleven regiments, one battalion, and seven attached companies cavalry, 9,222 for duty; 11,496 aggregate present and absent. Twenty-eight field and two siege batteries, 3,368 for duty; 3,953 aggregate present and absent.

The above figures include battalions of the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Eighteenth, and Nineteenth Regular Infantry and two companies of regular cavalry. Will report more particularly by letter. The data are found in great detail in last department return, except that eight regiments were detached for operations against Fort Donelson, and have not been returned.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 21-9.50 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I desire to be informed upon whom and to what extent I can rely for the military forces necessary to execute such order or orders as in the discharge of my official duties I may deem expedient, prudent, and proper to make. I am putting the State machinery in motion as fast as possible. All is working well. A great reaction is going on. The State will be overwhelmingly Union as soon as rebel soldiers are driven beyond her border. Please answer immediately.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

