
[Indorsement.]

I have cavalry at Fulton. Nothing of the Federals heard from there. I have cavalry at Marietta and out on the road to Jacinto and Fulton. No infantry at Fulton.

EARL VAN DORN.

[Inclosure.]

--------

,

--------

,----, 1862

General BEAUREGARD:

I went back within 16 miles of Iuka and 7 miles southeast of Barnett's, beyond where our pickets had been for several days. I saw no Yankees, but learned from authentic sources that there was a body, supposed to be 5,000 or 6,000 of Yankees encamped on the Fulton road, from Bear Creek toward Fulton, 16 miles from Iuka and 8 miles from the Tuscumbia dirt-road bridge. That was on Friday night. Six Yakee scouts had been at Bay Springs Factory on Thursday, looking at the cotton there. I brought a deserter back and delivered him to the outer authority at Marietta. The colonel your ordered to send the six men was willing to send them as an escort, but was unwilling to post them so I could have them communicated with, consequently I will get no news from Iuka without it be accidental. My brother started through the lines Saturday morning, and will send reports through if any chance presents itself. I was within 4 miles of their pickets, I suppose, from reports of the citizens. I heard reports as I came down that the Yankees were moving down the Fulton road, and were within 10 miles of Fulton; nothing, though, reliable.

J. C. ROBERTS,
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY WESTERN DEPT.

Numbers 32. Corinth, Miss. May 29, 1862.

I. Colonel Claiborne, commanding at Pocahontas,will destroy at daybreak on the 30th instant, the bridges over Hatchie and Tuscumbia, this side of Pocahontas. He will remain at Pocahontas until forced by the enemy to leave, when he will go to Ripley, if practicable, and from there to join the forces in and about Guntown, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, 35 miles from Corinth, south. If he cannot move to Ripley he will move to Grand Junction, and there join the forces and move to Grenada. Before leaving Pocahontas he will destroy the bridge over Muddy Creek. He will communicate with these headquarters at Guntown via Kossuth.

WM. N. R. BEALL,Brigadier-General, Comdg. Cavalry, Western Department.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT

Numbers -. Corinth, Miss., May 29, 1862

The general commanding mentions with great pleasure to the army

the distinguished conduct of Colonel B. J. Hill and his regiment, the Fifth Tennessee Volunteers, in an affair with the enemy on yesterday. This order is issued with the greater satisfaction that the gallant officer

