
and his command have been before conspicuous for their action on the field.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

CAMP, FIFTEEN MILES FROM CORINTH, MISS.

May 30, 1862-3.30 p.m.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

GENERAL: My command (Second Corps) i here, except the rear guard at the Tuscumbia Bridge, and two regiments sent forward to protect our trains. We will march early to-morrow morning. The enemy's cavalry followed us closely, and we had barely time to save our pickets and burn the bridge. No cavalry followed on my route, so that we had no notice; but my infantry and artillery behaved handsomely, and the bridges are all destroyed. General Beall, I learned, passed on this route with some cavalry and went on to Rienzi, but left none with my rear guard. This leaves my rear in a very unprotected condition, and renders it difficult to withdraw my infantry and artillery. Can you send me a regiment of cavalry, or even two companies? I hear nothing from Polk or Breckinridge, though their baggage trains are ahead of mine. We hear an occasional fire of artillery in the rear, probably the enemy's cavalry feeling our rear guard.

Your, truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RIENZI, May 30, 1862

General HARDEE:

GENERAL: ; It would be advisable to hold the two bridges across the Tuscumbia, relative to which you have already received instructions, until the army can take its new position. It is believed that one regiment of infantry and two pieces of artillery and some cavalry at each place would be ample for that purpose.

You will leave with them sufficient provisions to last them until they can again be provided from Rienzi or Baldwyn. When your forces shall have arrived here you will also leave another; regiment and two pieces of infantry [artillery], to guard the bridge across the Tuscumbia at this point. You will also send at once a quartermaster and commissary to take charge of these departments at this place; send also an officer of each of said departments to Baldwyn to attend to the supplying of your forces there.

Your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[Indorsement.]

I suppose General Beauregard means the crossing; at least I interpret it in that way; it would not do to leave the bridge. Return by bearer.

MAY 30, 1862

General JOHNSON:

GENERAL: I have just received dispatch from General Beauregard directing me to hold the crossing of the Tuscumbia until the army has

