
its new position. The bridge you are at must be destroyed, as heretofore directed. Leave Polk's regiment, four companies of Biffle's cavalry, and a section of artillery. If scarce of provisions, send to Rienzi.

Examine the railroad crossing of Tuscumbia, and,if that requires a guard, leave a regiment there, one company of cavalry, and section of artillery. I shall leave some force to guard the crossing at Rienzi.

These forces must remain in position until to-morrow night, when they will march rapidly forward to join us. Remain in rear until that time yourself.

Respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

MAY 30, 1862

General JOHNSON:

GENERAL: You had better make your headquarters at Danville, where you will be able to give attention to all points in our rear, which should be well guarded. There are provisions at Rienzi for the rear guard, which, if they should be needed, you can have taken by the cavalry to you. There is fresh bread at Rienzi, which can be had for your men. Apply to post commissary. Tell Avery, instead of going on right, I shall go on the left fork.

There are said to be fords on Tuscumbia near the crossing of river by the Rienzi and Jacinto road. I have heard of one which,if it be as represented, General Beauregard will have guarded. In that event I will inform you. I shall march about 2 o'clock, and will go 6 or 7 miles. Let me have the news from rear.

Respectfully,&amp;c.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

P. S.- Retire with your rear pickets at dark to-morrow an join me immediately with your command, guarding our rear and sending information of any advance of the enemy.

Biffle's cavalry has not reported.

The firing this morning is said to have been at Baldwyn and Booneville.

MAY 30, 1862-6 p.m,.

General B. R. JOHNSON:

GENERAL: A guide will report to you at 7 a.m. to-morrow to show you the way to Booneville and then to Baldwyn. You can rely upon him. You must do for the best. A little risk is to be undergone for the safety of the army.

Yours, &c.,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HDQRS. THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

On the march, May 30, 1862

[General JOHNSON:]

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Hardee to say that General Beauregard expects you to hold the position occupied by you at the

