
crossings of the Tuscumbia until dark to-morrow evening. He also desires you to notify the forces guarding the crossing and brigade over the Tuscumbia near Rienzi that they will be expected to remain in position up to that hour. You will assume command of the entire rear guard, and,as previously directed, will rejoin the main body as soon as practicable after the time above specified.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General

This order was written last night, and is inclosed for your information.

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 30, 1862.

Major PICKETT:

Divide the force now at the crossing of the Tuscumbia by the Rienzi and Jacinto road into two parts. Place one-half at a ford about 2 miles above the bridge and leave the other half at the bridge.

In case the enemy should attempt and should be about to force a passage of the Tuscumbia the officer in charge will immediately report the fact to General Johnson at Danville, who will take instant measures to withdraw our rear guards, and will send instructions, by order of General Beauregard, to the rear guards and the turnpike and Shunpike crossings of the Tuscumbia or higher up to withdraw and move forward to Baldwyn.

Dispose of Biffle's cavalry as follows: Two companies at the ford and two at the bridge on Jacinto road; four companies to be left with General Johnson, to be used in guarding his rear; the other two companies send in advance, to report to me.

W. J. HARDEE.

Major-General.

(Furnished for the information of General Johnson.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 30, 1862

General POLK (or BRECKINRIDGE):

The general directs me to write to find out how you are getting along.

Our cavalry was pushed so closely this morning that it must have taken some other road.

Clanton's cavalry was directed to remain at the bridge crossing the Tuscumbia,but it has not yet made its appearance, and the general wishes, if you have any cavalry to spare, to send it to that position. There are now two infantry regiments and one section of artillery guarding that bridge. We have no cavalry.

Respectfully, general, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- The Yankee cavalry came as far as the bridge just after it had been burned. General Beall crossed, but had no cavalry.

