
wyn. I will be within 8 miles of Twenty Mile Creek to-night, and will take position to-morrow at the point designated by you, unless in the mean time, I receive other orders. I hear that the water in Twenty-Mile Creek is not good-standing in holes.

Respectfully,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

SEVEN MILES FROM BALDWYN,

May 31, 1862-11.30 a.m.

General JOHNSON:

GENERAL: When you retire from your present position you must do so via Blackland, not by Booneville, which would expose you to great danger.

When you leave Rienzi, take the right-hand-road fork, about three-quarters of a mile from that place, which will take you to Blackland. Van Dorn is within 2 miles of me with his command, where he will encamp to-night. He has not been pursued, and I hope you will escape without pursuit. I entertain some fears about your safety. Avery has not joined me, and I have no news of you since your dispatch, which was received at 3.30 this morning.

[No signature.]*
HEADQUARTERS, SEVEN MILES FROM BALDWYN,May 31, 1862-12.45 p.m.

General BEAUREGARD, Commanding:

GENERAL: I am just about to dispatch a courier to General Johnson, directing him to move, when he retires to-night, on Blackland instead of Booneville; the route by Booneville would be more hazardous. If this should meet your approval, I wish you would send him a special courier, giving him the order. I think it important, and that the order ought to be repeated by another courier.

Very respectfully.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General

This has already been done.

G. T. B.

MAY 31, 1862-2.30 p.m.

General BEAUREGARD or General HARDEE:

The enemy are advancing on center and left, and have been engaged in center. Our forces compelled to fall back 200 yards. The enemy's advance is checked. Our pickets return nearly to position. It is reported that the enemy is passing the swamp between our right and left by crossing on logs. Ordered pickets and skirmishers to examine for them.

B. R. JOHNSON.

---------------

*In handwriting of General Hardee.

---------------

