
TUSCUMBIA RIVER, SHUNPIKE ROAD,

May 31, 1862-4.30 p.m.

Major GEORGE G. GARNER:

The enemy commenced firing at me at 2 o'clock with a small piece of artillery and threw forward skirmishers, driving mine. I immediately sent forward re-enforcements and disputed the ground; but at 4 o'clock they charged entirely through the swamp, driving my pickets and their reserves back with a yell; but in five minutes I drove them back in turn, and now hold my original position, preventing them from rebuilding the broken bridges. It is impossible to guess at the force of the enemy; but all that there are, except about 100 cavalry, came in to-day. arriving after 12 o'clock. No cavalry but the 18 have yet reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. C. DEAS,

Colonel, Commanding Rear Guard.

TUSCUMBIA RIVER, SHUNPIKE ROAD,

May 31, 1862-6 p.m

Major GARNER:

MAJOR: I sent you a dispatch by courier an hour and a half ago. Have just received yours of the 31st, instructing me to hold this place, if possible,until to-morrow after dark, &amp;c. I will do all in my power to carry out this order; but my men have not had any bread since yesterday morning, and it is almost if not impossible to get meal or salt in the country, but I will send off to the mills to-night and commence grinding. After the skirmish with me this afternoon I learn that the enemy are moving up the river. This information came from a countryman. Cannot say if it is to be relied on, but he is friendly. The idea is they have countrymen guides and are flanking us on my right. I had 4 men wounded-1 mortally.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. C. DEAS,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.- I have learned that Colonel Clanton is at Pike Crossing by an order from General Beall. I have sent him General Bragg's order to report to me. Will hear from him to-night.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,May 31, 1862

General B. R. JOHNSON, Danville:

GENERAL: Instead of going to Booneville from Rienzi, when retiring this day, you will march by the road between Booneville and Blackland, passing by Dick Smith's house and Mr. Anderson's, thence to Carrollville, thence Guntown. I send you two guides to show you the way. Bring with you all troops which may be at Rienzi and in the vicinity, but do not delay your movement on their account. To-night General Hardee's headquarters will be at Carrollville,and mine at Baldwyn, 2 miles to the eastward and on the railroad.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

