
SAVANNAH, March 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The action medical director reports that medical supplies of every description are out. A sufficient quantity for 10,000 sick should be sent. Alternate days of rain and sunshine, pleasant and very cool weather, is telling unfavorably upon the health of this command.

Requisitions have been made but not responded to. Can two hospital boats be sent here?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAVANNAH, March 22, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of the 20th just received. Troops from here, except one regiment, all sent to Pittsburg. No movement making except to advance General Sherman's division, to prevent rebels from fortifying Pea Ridge.

Weather here cold, with some snow.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 22, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Savannah (via Fort Henry):

Several regiments of infantry and batteries will leave to-day and to-morrow for the Tennessee. I have several artillery companies without horses or batteries. I propose to fit out one or more heavy siege batteries, to be drawn by oxen. Can you supply oxen for this purpose if I send the batteries?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 22, 1862.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville:

The telegram from yourself and Mr. Maynard in respect to Fremont's department was received and communicated to the President, who regards the existing arrangement as a paramount necessity.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Andrew Johnson, as you are aware, was appointed Military Governor of Tennessee, to take the necessary steps for a State organization. It is the desire of the President that he should have adequate military support, and he has been directed to make application to you. You will please place at his disposal and adequate force, with instructions to the

---------------

*But see Stanton to Buell, March 23, pp. 59, 65.

---------------

