
such manner as will be most conducive to the interests of our beloved South.

With much respect, yours,

W. GOODMAN,

President.

Per A. J. McCONNICO,

Secretary.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

--------

,

------

, 1862

Respectfully, referred to General Beauregard.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

---------

,

-----

, 1862

I would advise their removal to some place of greater safety in the interior of the State.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Blackland, Miss, May 31, 1862

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Headquarters, Baldwyn, Miss.:

GENERAL: Much to my regret and disappointment I have been unable to reach Creek with all of my command, owing to slow movements of subordinates and the crowding of so many on this route. Even a large portion of General Hardee's trains I found in the midst of my columns this morning. I will concentrate, however, at the creek to-morrow, and hope to find provisions, as my command is entirely out and many are suffering. The want of water on this route has been a great, hardship, and many of my men are behind, broken down. All my transportation will return to collect them as far as it may be prudent. For want of provisions my rear guards at the Tuscumbia are ordered to leave there to-morrow night. Polk and Breckinridge are both behind, though a portion of the latter's command is ahead.

I regret to report a heavy loss of six or seven trains on the Memphis and Charleston road, loaded by me the day before I left and started. They did not reach the bridges ordered to be burned by Claiborne until just after he fired them, after sunrise the next morning. Finding they could not be saved, the colonel very properly burned them. The more I see of the condition of our troops, moral and physical, the better satisfied I am with our move.

Yours, most truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE.

Knoxville, May 31, 1862

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 28th instant.*

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

