
He leaves it to your judgment to decide upon the practicability of the expedition you propose to Fayetteville and Paint Rock and the propriety of your commanding it in person. Whatever decision you may come to on the subject, the general wishes the operations undertaken to be conducted with celerity and vigor, and every arrangement made to insure a prompt withdrawal of the force used.

If you do not think it best to accompany the expedition in person, he directs that you put Colonel Adams in charge of it by an order, as he has been informed of the promotion of that officer to the rank of brigadier-general.

He thinks that if you could succeed, either by a small detachment or by a persons in secret service, in burning the boat which General Mitchel has been reported to be fitting up, it would be much good accomplished.

He hopes you will use the utmost secrecy and dispatch in starting the expedition should you determine upon it, and he trusts its destination has not transpired, as it is important that it should not be known. He will have some arms shipped you to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, May 31, 1862

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH

Commanding Department of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have just received yours of the 27th instant. It is not in my power to send you arms of any description. I have at least 3,000 unarmed men myself, nor do I see any prospect of getting arms for them. Of recent arrivals none were assigned to me. My force has been so much cut down by drafts for Virginia and Tennessee, that unless positively ordered I can under no circumstances send more men. I have twice telegraphed to Richmond to substance of your request and stated my inability to afford you relief.

I am, &amp;c.

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Major-General., Commanding.

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, May 31, 1862

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The telegram of General Beauregard of the 27th instant,* referred by you to me, has been considered, and I beg leave to submit the following remarks in reply thereto:

Your order of April 29, suspended by General Beauregard, increased the flour, if needed, and reduced the meat ration by one-fourth of a pound each. That is sufficient for robust men at hard labor, and is

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

