
CLEAR CREEK, MISS.,

June 1, 1862-11 a.m.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

Baldwyn, Miss.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have just arrived, after seeing the rear of my troops in motion. All will be here, I trust, before night, though the road is badly blocked up by wagons; Polk's and Breckinridge's commands having a large portion of their baggage trains with them. Our water is abundant and good, but subsistence is very scarce. This becomes a vital question., I am collecting beef cattle and corn in small quantities from the country people, and with salt I could live on this for the present. Having no commissary (Colonel Lee having mine detached), it is trouble-some; but I trust he will be able to send me a little salt. The number of stragglers behind is very large;; but I trust to get many forward, having at length got a few cavalry.

Yours, most truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MEMPHIS, June 1, 1862.

General RUGGLES, Grenada:

We have no defenses at this point. We look to Fort Pillow. I telegraphed to Colonel Harman to remain at Junction till he was sure the enemy were near. He has left, obeying orders, as he says, but I think two soon, leaving us without any communication in that direction. Large quantities of stores yet to be shipped. Can you not see that cars are forwarded? I have sent all the boats here to General Villepigue.

If Fort Pillow be abandoned there is no use of defense here.

Boats have been sent to take way the stores and ordnance.

Can you in any way help General Villepigue?

THOS. H. ROSSER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MEMPHIS, June 1, 1862

General RUGGLES, Grenada:

The following dispatch was received from General Villepigue. Only about 300 to 400 men here. Can you do anything? Here is the dispatch:

If 5,000 armed men can join me within two or three days I will be able to hold this place. Some should come to-day, if possible. Answer at once.

J. B. VILLEPIGUE.

THOS. H. ROSSER.

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,

June 2, 1862

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: Captain Reves has just come in from a point on the Jacinto road 1 mile from Rienzi. He reports that the road has been

