
very much cut up by horsemen and wagons going from Jacinto to Rienzi. This he saw. He reports that the people about there

told him that a large cavalry force (they say over 2,000), with artillery and a long train of wagons, passed through Rienzi yesterday, and that now they are at Booneville with their pickets about 1 1/2 miles this side. From the variety of sources of information he has no doubt of the truth of it.

The cavalry I ordered to Booneville this evening, before going to your headquarters, I found, upon my return, cooking their rations, preparatory to starting. They had just returned to camp and had no provisions. They were late in getting off, but are now gone. If it is true, as I have no doubt, that this cavalry force has artillery and a baggage train, I think it the advance guard of an army. The citizens (so says Captain Reyes) told him that the Federal soldiers said that 20,000 men were on behind and would soon be up. After this rain I think the cavalry's cannon and train could be taken uncles supported by infantry behind. I shall order my troops to be ready to-morrow for service.

Respectfully, general, I am, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN

Major-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

JUNE 3, 1862-5.30 a.m.

Referred to General B. Bragg. To be returned. Please give an order to your army to be on the alert, and throw out advance pickets of cavalry-well out.

G. T. B.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

Cavalry and infantry pickets are now out, and will be better regulated and increased to-day.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

Numbers 23. In Camp near Clear Creek, Miss., June 2, 1862

I. Major General Samuel Jones, having reported at these headquarters, pursuant to Special Orders, No.-, dated Headquarters Western Department, Baldwyn, Miss., June 2, 1862, is assigned to the command of Hindman's division, Second Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

II. Clanton's regiment, cavalry, is assigned to duty with Chalmers' brigade, Withers' division, Second Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

III. Upon being relieved by Major-General Jones, Brigadier-General Anderson will resume command of his brigade.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Baldwyn, Miss., June 3, 1862

[W. GOODMAN, Esq.:]

SIR: General Beauregard directs me to reply to your note of the

