
31st ultimo to General Bragg, and inform you that he would advise the removal of the rolling stock and machinery of your road to some greater place of safety in the interior of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM

Aide-de-Camp.

SALTILLO, MISS.,

June 3, 1862

[General BEAUREGARD:]

GENERAL: Time has only enabled us thus far to make a partial examination of the country on the west of Saltillo, and to-morrow I hope to be able to make a complete reconnaissance of that portion lying on the east and south of Town Creek. I have found five creeks running on the west side of Saltillo in a southeasterly direction, separated from each other by ridges, where water can generally be reached by digging from 12 to 22 feet, thus promising an abundant supply of water. The fact that these creeks run in a southeasterly direction and your line of defense east and west, the latter would be crossed at intervals by extensive boggy bottoms, rendering the roads to the camps very bad. From all accounts I am in hopes of finding to-morrow a favorable position on the south and west side of Town Creek, where, it is said, the ground is high and the water easily accessible.

Whatever may be your decision as to the particular locality, you may be assured of an ample supply of water around Saltillo, with quite a number of springs.

I will make further report to-morrow, with sketch of the ground more detailed than the map you have, which is in the main correct. There is no telegraphic communication between this point and Baldwyn, or I should have reported by that means.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Near Clear Creek, June 3, 1862

Corps and division commanders will hold their commands in readiness, according to previous orders, to move at a moment's notice. The enemy is reported to be advancing in force.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 61. Baldwyn, June 3, 1862

All cavalry scouts and pickets are directed to burn all cotton within their reach, taking, however, all necessary precautions so to burn it that other property may not be destroyed; giving also timely notice to the owners to haul it from the houses.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEORGE WM. BRENT

Acting Chief of Staff.

