
 [CHAP. XXII.
officer in command to report to him and execute his orders. Important results are hoped from the measure, and it is important that the officer in command should be a discreet person, who would act efficiently and harmoniously with Governor Johnson. Will you please communicate with the Governor, and advise the Department of your action in the premises?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 22, 1862.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON,

Governor of Tennessee, Nashville:

Instructions have been given General Halleck to place and adequate military force under your command and to communicate with you in respect to military aid. This Department would be glad to have frequent and full reports of your operations and prospects by mail, and will afford promptly any aid you may desire.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[MARCH 23, 1862.-For Halleck to Secretary of War, in reference to instructions to Grant, see Series I, Vol. VIII, p. 633.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Nashville, March 23, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding at Savannah:

GENERAL: I received your letter of the 19th this morning. I some days ago directed my advance to open communication with you. My advance is at Columbia. Our progress has been retarded by high water and the absence of bridges, almost every one on the road, however small, having been destroyed by the enemy. I shall be at Columbia myself by the time the bridge there is ready for crossing, probably three or four days yet.

The information I get indicates that Johnston is withdrawing the principal part of his force from Decatur and concentrating at Tuscumbia. I find there is still a gunboat here. If needed she can be sent to you, though if you had not immediate use for her it might be well to let her remain until you have.

I do not deem it safe to give detailed information in this way in regard to my force, dispositions, &amp;c. I shall soon be able to communicate more fully on that point.

Pleas inform me whether the bridge at Florence has been destroyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

