
self. I am desirous to defend the city to the last moment, but actual force here is very small indeed. General Villepigue's men have passed down the river, expect cavalry, which had not reported to them this morning, as ordered. He represents desertions as numerous, and that the enemy captured 4 of his men this morning, and hence know all. Shall follow your orders promptly and fully.

THOS. H. ROSSER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MEMPHIS, June 3, 1862

General RUGGLES, Grenada:

Do you intend to come to Memphis to-morrow? Eight hundred troops have just arrived from Fort Pillow. They are ordered to Grenada. Do you desire me to retain them here? Should be glad if you would advise me,and let me know plans, &amp;c.., so that I may prepare for prompt action.

Answer at once.

THOS. H. ROSSER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

BALDWYN, MISS., June 3, 1862

General RUGGLES, Grenada:

No troops or arms to spare now. Collect all stragglers from here, and send them to General V., and telegraph to Colonel Hunt, Columbus, for arms.

G. T. BEAUREGARD

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI

No 14. In Camp near Clear Creek, Miss., June 3, 1862

I. The indiscriminate pillage of the country, and the seizing, under semblance of authority, of supplies, insignificant in themselves, but necessary for the subsistence of the people, is deprecated and forbidden.

Any officer committing or countenancing such acts of vandalism will be promptly and severely punished. Non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall suffer the severest penalty known to the military code.

II. The practice of officers and soldiers billeting themselves is equally criminal. The commander of the cavalry of this army will scour the country, and arrest all such offenders, and bring them in, that justice may be done.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

June 3, 1862

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Endeavor to learn definitely the enemy's movements, and if possible his intention. If any demonstration be made in the direction of Chattanooga, telegraph, and troops will be immediately sent to you.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

