HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE.

Knoxville, Tenn., June 3, 1862

Major General E. KIRBY SMITH,(Care of Brigadier General S. M. Barton:)

GENERAL: I received at 5 p.m. to-day a telegram, a copy of which is inclosed. In consequence of this intelligence the four companies of Colonel Gillespie's regiment at Loudon and the two here (Captains Blair and Lyon), directed to be sent to Powell's Valley, will be detained subject to further orders. I have telegraphed General Leadbetter to learn definitely the enemy's movements, and if possible his intentions, and if any demonstration be made in the direction of Chattanooga troops will be immediately sent to him. The Alabama regiment referred to is 415 numerically strong; many of the men, however, convalescents. If General Leadbetter telegraphs again for re-enforcements I will send him Hundley's regiment and the six companies detained here and at Loudon. I trust this will meet with your approbation. I am the more induced to take this action in the emergency because General Barton writes that on the 2nd instant he had "reliable" information that the enemy had "withdrawn from his immediate front."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.

June 3, 1862

Major H. L. CLAY:

Mr. Gunter, employed at Bridgeport, writes:

The enemy have 3,000 infantry and 300 cavalry and near Bellefonte, with a gun in position at the Landing. Train came up afterward from Huntwsville evening 31st.

Either the enemy is alarmed by your steamer or else meditates mischief. Telegraph to Bridgeport interrupted by storm. Better send down the Alabama regiment. Our boat arrived to-day.

D. LEADBETTER,

BALDWYN, June 4, 1862

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Comdg. 1st Corps, Army of Miss., at Mr. Williams' House:

GENERAL: As we may have to use that bridge in your front across Twenty Mile Creek, burned yesterday through a misunderstanding on my part, it would be well to have it reconstructed at once for the passage of the artillery and wagons. Materials could, however, be collected near at hand for its destruction whenever necessary. Have the roads in your front thoroughly reconnoitered by your commanders of brigades and divisions, and every afternoon exercise your troops in forming quickly line of battle, according to the different positions in your vicinity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD

General, Commanding.

