HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Williams', Miss., June 4, 1862

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this date, and,in reply, beg leave to say:

In my absence day before yesterday my adjutant-general, under an order to me (my cavalry not having come up from the rear,), requested a company of cavalry to post at the intersection of the roads from Iuka and Jacinto., Captain Falkner's company, of Brewer's battalion, reported, and was placed at the post indicated about night-fall of the 2nd instant.

Yesterday evening Captain Falkner reported to me with his company, and stated he had been driven away be a superior force of the enemy, but that about 10 of his men, who were on picket, guarding the road that leads from Dr. Williams' into the Jacinto and Carrollville road, were unaccounted for.

To-day, when I was again absent at your headquarters, a man came in from the picket about noon and reported that the detachment was still on duty. My adjutant-general immediately ordered 20 men from Colonel Adams, requisite, to relieve them, and himself placed the relief under the guidance, of the man to lead them to the post.

My inspector-general and chief of guides have been engaged all day in reconnoitering the country in my front, and do not report any deficiency in cavalry outposts. Colonel Adams' regiment is engaged in outpost duty on the Booneville and Baldwyn road. I am informed by the colonel that a squadron of his regiment is on that road, within a few hundred yards of Donaldson's house. Fearing there may have been a miscarriage in the execution of orders given, I shall promptly direct the Jacinto and Carrollville road picketed by a company of cavalry.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Baldwyn, June 4, 1862

Major-General VAN DORN,

Commanding Army of the West:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that the sick must be sent to-morrow at 10 o'clock a.m. by railroad, to such convenient point south of Tupelo that the medical director may select. The tents of the several commands, or such portions thereof as may be required for the sick, shall be used for that purpose, if necessary. The sick must be provided with at least two days' provisions, and be accompanied by a sufficient number of surgeons and a supply of medicines.

II. All soldiers of the different regiments who are unable to march with their respective commands will be started to-morrow, under a sufficient number of officer, with three days' provisions and by short journeys, to Tupelo. They could be made to march with the wagon trains.

III. The wagon trains containing the baggage of the troops and two days' provisions will be sent on the 6th instant, at least accompanied by a proper guard. The trains of Generals Van Dorn and Hardee will proceed by the road on the east of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, via Priceville, to Tupelo; General Polk's on the road immediately west of

