
the railroad to Saltillo, thence, via Priceville, to Tupelo; and Generals Breckinridge's and Bragg's on the road still farther to the westward, via Birmingham and Tom Williams', north of King's Creek, to Tupelo.

IV. The troops will start at 3 o'clock a.m. on the 7th instant. Those of Generals Van Dorn and Breckinridge first, via roads above indicated for their wagon trains; Generals Bragg, Polk, and Hardee, ditto, their rear guards and cavalry following them a few hours in the rear.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

TUPELO, MISS.

June 4, 1862-12 m.

General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding.:

GENERAL: I would suggest, if possible, that you would ride down here to-morrow morning, as the ground is rather different from what we imagined from the map-altogether more contracted in an east and west direction. The creek runs only half a mile from the railway to the east, which is scarcely far enough, I should think, for Van Dorn's right to rest. You may therefore deem it best to throw his whole command on the east side of the creek. As the up and down trains meet here, I will come up with a sketch to-morrow if you do not come down. Mr. Freeman, who is altogether the most intelligent man I have met here and who knows the country thoroughly, invites you to his house. I think you would gain important information all

points concerning this country by an interview with him. I will try to bring him up if you do not come down.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Colonel, &amp;c.

FORT PILLOW, June 4, 1862

(Received June 5, 1862)

General RUGGLES:

I think the best thing to be done is what it appears, from his instructions to me, General Beauregard seems to contemplate, viz, to collect and organize an effective force for the protection of the important depot at Grenada, and thereby to be able to render him effective service if too hard pressed by Halleck's mighty hosts.

The best way now, in my opinion, to defend Memphis is to defeat Halleck. The only effect of keeping an armed force around the city will be to make the enemy bombard it.

JNumbers B. VILLEPIGUE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 62. Baldwyn, June 4, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. The general commanding takes great pleasure in calling the attention of the army to the brave, skillful, and gallant conduct of

