
Lieutenant-Colonel Lane, of the Third Regiment Texas Dismounted Cavalry, who with 246 men, on the 29th ultimo, charged a largely-superior force of the enemy, drove him from his position, and forced him to leave a number of his dead and wounded upon the field. The conduct of this brave regiment is worthy of all honor and imitation.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DABB'S HOUSE,[Near Richmond, Va.], June 4, 1862

Major-General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of May 28 is received. I am pleased to hear of the success of your measures for holding in check so large a force of the enemy. I shall cause a rifled gun of the kind you mention to be sent to Chattanooga if the Ordnance Department can supply one. I wrote to you on May 27 inform you that I telegraphed the Governor of Georgia on April 29 to order Colonel Glenn's regiment of cavalry at Dalton, and that of Colonel Morrison at Cartersville, to proceed at once to Chattanooga, to report to the

commanding officer at that place. At the same time I informed you that on May 1 the Governor of Alabama was requested to send two infantry regiments at Talladega to Chattanooga,and the Ordnance Department was requested to forward arms to that place for these troops. I have received no report of the of the force, at that place makes me desire to know whetters they have arrived and what is their condition. You will please inform me as soon as possible.

As to sending you re-enforcements, it is impossible to order any to join you from commands of General Pemberton at this time. No troops can be spared except such as are now being organized in the country. I am gratified to hear of the improvement in the health of your men, and hope that your effective force will rapidly increase. All the arms that can be spared will be sent to you, but it is necessary to rely to a considerable extent on such as you can get in the country. In addition to the arms sent to Chattanooga, I have recently ordered such as could be spared to be sent to you at Knoxville, and desire to know whether they have reached you. The large and valuable stores of various kinds at Atlanta render it very important to prevent the enemy from reaching that point. I have telegraphed to learn whether the two regiments from Florida for which you asked can be spared, and, if so, will order them to Chattanooga. If the troops from Georgia and Alabama, above mentioned have not yet reported to you, I desire you to order them up.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

