
KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

June 4, 1862

Major McLIN,

Commanding Post, Kingston, Tenn.:

MAJOR:The enemy being engaged in fortifying their position near Cumberland Ford, and their forces in front of Brigadier-General Barton, at Big Creek Gap, having fallen back, there is reason to believe they intend moving upon our left, probably toward Montgomery and Kingston. In view of these considerations the major-general commanding directs that, besides being constantly vigilant and upon your guard at Kingston, you will push scouts s far as possible to your front and right, and keep accurately informed of what is going on in those directions. Besides scouts, you may also if, it is deemed advisable,send spies who can be depended upon to report any demonstration that may be made. You will of course communicate to these headquarters and to Brigadier-General Barton any intelligence received which is considered by you reliable and important to be known.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.

June 4, 1862

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Parole the Federal prisoners, if not received by Mitchel, and send them across the lines. When in your opinion there is necessity for re-enforcements because of advance of enemy upon Chattanooga, telegraph, and a regiment will be sent to you.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALDWYN, June 5, 1862

Major-General LEONIDAS POLK:

GENERAL: Your not of yesterday just received. It is apparent, then, that the company to which that picket belonged ran away, whilst the latter maintained its ground. If that be the case, the captain of that company must be arrested, and whoever commanded the picket must be mentioned in orders with a view to further promotion.

Upon further inquiry I find that the road your are to move upon is pretty good from here to Saltillo, thence impassable; but that at Saltillo there is a good road on east side of the railroad to Priceville, striking at that point the road from Fulton to Tupelo, about 2 1/2 miles from the latter place, at which point Van Dorn and Hardee are to strike the same road. That is an objection, but we can do no better, and the distance is short.

Your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

