
old brigade and to those in the Confederate service, scattered through various commands, which compel me to be occasionally absent from the fleet, I have not been able to be present to compromise the little difficulties which have occurred between the men and officers of the fleet and my command, and they have grown to such a misunderstanding that the efficiency of the original is destroyed, and I would be pleased if these troops were relieved from service on the River Defense Fleet and ordered to report to General Van Dorn or Price, and that others be ordered to supply their place, if Commodore Montgomery so desires. These companies are commanded by Captains [Ben. Lee] Bowman, [Emmett,] MacDonald, and Harris, of artillery, and Watkins, Hunter, and Hedgepeth, of infantry. Bowman is senior captain, and your order addressed to him will be most agreeable to me.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier General Missouri State Guard, Comdg. Confederate Troops.

MEMPHIS, TENN.

June 5, 1862

Commodore J. E. MONTGOMERY,

River Defense Fleet, Mississippi River:

COMMODORE: It is with unfeigned regret that I have to state that I have applied to General Ruggles for an order to the Confederate troops which have been serving under me on your fleet to be removed. You have seen as well as I that there has been a growing jealousy and misunderstanding between our two commands (which should have acted with brotherly harmony), until at last the great error of my men in leaving Fulton without your orders or on your boats renders it impolitic that they should now serve together. I have requested that they be ordered to report immediately at the headquarters of General Van Dorn, to be attached to such regiments as he may see fit. I will be pleased to co-operate with you yet in your great patriotic undertaking of holding the Mississippi River either as an officer or individual, but will, for fear we may not be placed together, again express my kindly feelings and thanks to the officers and men on your fleet for their universal good treatment to me, and hope that no flying rumors or serpenttongued scandal will ever mar our friendship.

Yours, truly,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier General Missouri State Guard, Comdg. Confederate Troops.

GRAND JUNCTION,

June 5, 1862

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES:

We will have to fall back shortly unless re-enforced.

You have ordered me to destroy bridges on both roads. Do you mean toward Memphis or Memphis and Charleston, and toward Holly Springs, on Mississippi Central Railroad?

We have not sufficient force to destroy bridges toward Memphis. Received orders only day before yesterday to destroy cotton. There will be, of necessity, a great deal left undestroyed. Reason, no cavalry.

