
cerned. I called upon the post quartermaster for a wagon and cooking utensils, requesting him to report them to me at sunrise. His reply, received at 11 p.m., was that he had neither wagon nor cooking utensils at his command, and directed the messenger to go to Captain Deslonde. The messenger found Captain Deslonde with some difficulty. His answer was returned to me at 5.30 o'clock this morning, that Captain Deslonde had neither and could not furnish them. Immediately communicated in person the reply to Dr. Foard.

With very high respect, I am, general,your obedient servant,

GILES M. HILLYER,

Major and Chief of Subsistence at Baldwyn.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Baldwyn, June 6, 1862

Major HILLYER, Post Commissary:

MAJOR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has determined to leave General Polk's corps at Saltillo for about three days. He therefore directs that you make all necessary arrangements to collect there provisions for about 8,000 men, should there be none at that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHISOLM..

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS PORTER'S PARTISANS,Holly Springs, June 6, 1862

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

Commanding Western Department:

GENERAL: Acting under your orders I have caused to be burned in Fayette, Shelby, and Tipton, Counties, Tennessee, and Marshall and De Soto Counties, Mississippi, upwards of 30,000 bales of cotton. My men have met with but little opposition. In obedience to your order I caused to be removed from Somerville, Tenn., to this place, when I felt constrained to fall back, two loads of harness and four wagons and teams belonging to Confederate States.

My scouts have just returned from the vicinities of Somerville, Bolivar, and Grand Junction. They report the enemy advancing from Bolivar toward Grand Junction.

The operator at Grand Junction telegraphed late this evening that the head of the column was at Middleburg, advancing on Grand Junction. It occurred to me their purpose was to get possession of the Government Armory at this place. I have advised the officer in charge of the armory to pack up all guns on hand to be ready to remove the machinery at a moment's notice.

The president of the Mississippi Central Railroad will afford every facility for the removal of all valuable property.

Shall I continue to burn cotton likely to fall into the hands of the enemy? In case the enemy advances toward this place shall I burn bridges on the Mississippi Central Railroad? If they advance from Grand Junction toward Memphis, shall I burn bridges on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad?

Since my company was raised, by authority of the Secretary of War, issued before the conscript law, I have been so constantly occupied with

