
carrying out your orders that I have had no opportunity to draw clothing, arms, or equipments. May I draw them at the first place I find them?

I have 150 men, almost all large planters. I have applications every day for membership. May I increase my command to 300 or 500?

For character, qualifications, and energy, I respectfully refer to Colonel Thomas Peters, brigade quartermaster to General Polk: Brigadier General Jones M. Withers (as to faithfulness); Major General John C. Breckinridge (for character). It necessary I can multiply references.

Hoping that the responsibilities I have assumed may meet with your approbation and that you will give me definite instructions as to what you wish me to do, I remain,

ED. E. PORTER,

Captain.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.

June 6, 1862

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cumberland Gap, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The enemy are advancing in the direction of Chattanooga in two columns; one, composed of twelve regiments and artillery, left Winchester on Wednesday; the other column, which also has artillery, is moving up from Jasper. In view of this fact, Colonel Reynolds' brigade has been ordered from Powell's Valley to Chattanooga and Brigadier-General Barton directed to move with his command to Clinton, where he will await further orders.

It is thought that the enemy contemplates a concentrated movement upon East Tennessee, and may advance upon Chattanooga, and by cavalry in the direction of Kingston. Colonel Allston has been directed to send such force as can be spared to Kingston, to report and oppose any movement from that point that may be made; at the same time he will leave a sufficient force in Powell's Valley to watch and give information of the approaches over the mountains.

The major-general commanding directs me to further inform you that this concerted invasion may involve the fall of Chattanooga and the evacuation of East Tennessee. In the event it becomes necessary to abandon Chattanooga, General Leadbetter has instructions to retreat to Cleveland. It may be that a like demonstration by the enemy may be made upon Cumberland Gap. If it should, the major-general commanding feels confident that you will hold that position as long as it is tenable. Should retreat become necessary, you will go to Abingdon, Va., to which point stores will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

June 6, 1862

Colonel JOHN B. McLIN,

Commanding Post, Kingston, Tenn.:

COLONEL: Information has been received from Colonel Starnes, 10 miles north of Winchester that 2,000 of the enemy are advancing from McMinnville on Chattanooga. The column may contemplate an inva-

