
KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

June 6, 1862

Brig. General D. LEADBETTER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Colonel A. W. Reynolds, with his brigade, 200 strong, has been ordered from Big Creek Gap to join you. Transportation has been provided, and they will probably be to-morrow at the terminus of the Kentucky Railroad, whence they will immediately leave by rail for Chattanooga.

The general wishes you to keep him informed of the enemy's movements, notifying him particularly of anything you may think to indicate an attack upon you. He will probably proceed in person to Chattanooga so soon as Colonel Reynolds' command shall have been sent forward. Major J. A. Brown, chief of artillery and ordnance, who will deliver you this communication, has been ordered to proceed to Chattanooga, for the purpose of giving you any assistance in his power. The commanding general recommends him as an able and efficient officer, and assures you that you may rely upon his good sense and sound judgment on any points about which you may wish to consult him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CONNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.

June 6, 1862

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Send the prisoners south if transportation can be had; if not to be had, then send them in this direction. Remove all the stores to Atlanta and Marietta. Make your preparations to destroy whatever cannot be removed, in the event the evacuation of Chattanooga becomes necessary; but hold the place as long as possible. Reynolds' brigade has been ordered to re-enforce you, and should reach you Sunday. If Chattanooga cannot be held because of great superiority of enemy, have your transportation ready to retreat to Cleveland, and destroy the road behind you and toward Dalton after supplies have been removed.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.

June 6, 1862

Brigadier General S. M. BARTON,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to communicate to you that he has just received intelligence of the advance of the enemy in large force upon Chattanooga. It is considered certain that a column of twelve regiments and artillery moved through Winchester in that direction on Wednesday last, and that a column, with eight pieces of artillery, is also moving up from Jasper. It is said that troops have been sent up from Corinth to supply the place of those on the march. In consequence of this new movement of the enemy, the major-general commanding directs that you proceed to Clinton with your command

