
and there await further orders. He expects that you will move with all possible dispatch. It may be necessary to watch the approaches over take mountains, to make such dispositions of the cavalry as you may deem best for defense and obtaining reliable information of the enemy's movements.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.

June 6, 1862

Colonel A. W. REYNOLDS,

Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding instructs me to communicate to you that he has received intelligence of the advance of the enemy in large force upon Chattanooga. It is considered certain that a column of twelve regiments and artillery moved through Winchester in that direction on Wednesday last, and that a column, with eight pieces of artillery, is also moving up from Jasper. It is said that troops have been sent up from Corinth to supply the place of those on the march. The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with the utmost dispatch to the terminus of the Kentucky Railroad, where cars will await you. You will bring with you a Latrobe battery, which was ordered yesterday to remain at Clinton. It is expected that you will arrive at the terminus of the road by noon to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

June 6, 1862

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,

Commanding, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of to-day announcing that all is quiet at Chattanooga. He calls attention to the importance of unrelaxed precaution and vigilance, now that the enemy seems inactive. I his operations heretofore General Mitchel has encountered no regularly-organized force; he has already shown himself an energetic commander, and his past success may embolden him to daring and hazardous undertakings in the future, in which case the commanding general is particularly anxious that you shall be unceasingly on the alert to prevent any surprise, and at the same time be ready to avail yourself of any opportunity by which he may lay himself open to attack. To this end he urges the absolute necessity of your maintaining a constant watch at all the mountain passes, and giving vigilant and unremitted attention to every movement of the enemy of which you should have accurate and reliable information.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

