
[CHAP. XXII

to take command of the expedition which I designed commanding in person. You will repair to Fort Henry with as little delay as practicable.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 5, 1862.

Major General C. F. SMITH, Fort Donelson, Tenn.:

By direction of Major-General Halleck, you will take command of the entire expedition and carry out the instructions of the department commander, while I am directed to remain at Fort Henry. I am now having arrangements made for embarking troops as rapidly as possible, but with the present stage of water it must take several days to embark them.

I have sent orders to-day for three regiments from Clarksville and all the troops at Donelson except Oglesby's brigade. I will be here when you arrive and give you all the information I am in possession of.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 5, 1862.

Major General C. F. SMITH, Fort Henry, Tenn.:

By directions from headquarters Department of the Missouri you have been assigned to the command of the expedition up the Tennessee River. For instructions, see inclosed letter from Major-General Halleck*.

Information that seems to be reliable places the rebel forces at Eastport and Corinth at 20,000 men, with rolling stock between the two places sufficient to throw all the troops to either place in a short time.

If this should prove true, I can hardly say what course should be pursued to carry out the instructions. A general engagement is to be avoided, while the bridges are to be destroyed, if possible. The idea probably is there must be no defeat, and rather than risk one it would be better to retreat.

I will remain at Fort Henry and throw forward all the troops that can be provided with transportation. The commissary of subsistence is directed to take along 300,000 rations, and all the forage here is to go. It will probably be necessary to procure forage on the road.

Allow me to congratulate you on your richly-deserved promotion, and to assure you that no one can feel more pleasure than myself.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Henry, March 5, 18662.

Brig. General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Fort Henry, Tenn.:

You will please embark on board transports at once all the troops,

---------------

*No inclosure found. Reference is probably to Halleck to Grant,

---------------

vol. VII, p. 674.

