
should be directed to move forward until they see indications of the enemy, and not to return without positive and accurate information of his movements and strength.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

June 7, 1862

Major JAMES R. HOWARD,,

Cleveland, Tenn.:

The major-general commanding directs that you send out cavalry without delay to watch the Tennessee River along your front, vigilantly observing all the ferries and crossings, and destroy all boats and canoes as far as Decatur, and on the Hiwassee as far up as the railroad station at Decatur. If practicable a detachment for observation, with orders to report any important intelligence be telegraph from Athens.

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Pineville, June 8, 1862

General M. E. GREEN:

GENERAL: There is a road leading from Pineville north that intersects the Cotton-Gin or Mooresville road, from your position some distance east of you. Please have this point found and examined, and put a battalion of your command there to guard that approach to our camp. Direct McCulloch also to detach a company of cavalry to be in advance of the battalion. I will inform you that there is a brigade of infantry at Mooresville, and a battalion on the road north of that village.

Please communicate, and see that all roads leading to Pineville are guarded; that your positions are arranged so that no detachment can be surprised and cut off.

Communicate with me frequently and keep me advised of everything of interest; also inform me in regard to all roads in your vicinity. Send an intelligent officer out to examine and make sketch of country.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

GRENADA, MISS.,

June 8, 1862

General BEUAREGARD:

General Villepigue is reported at Colliersville. I shall send for him immediately. The removal of public stores and sick will be properly attended to.

DANIEL RUGGLES.

