
KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 8, 1862.

Brig. Gen. S. M. BARTON,

Fourth Brigade:

GENERAL: I inclose a letter* addressed to the chief quartermaster by the president of the railroad, from which you will see that it is impossible to provide transportation for your command from the terminus of the Kentucky Railroad, as was expected. It is very important that you push forward your command without delay. Make such arrangements as will best expedite your movements. The commissary has been directed to have cooked rations for 2,300 men ready upon your arrival to-night. The enemy opened fire upon Chattanooga about 6 p.m. yesterday and continued until dark. A severe attack is expected to-day. They are concentrating a large force, estimated at 7,000 men of all arms.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 8, 1862.

Major-General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Your dispatch received. General Barton's command detained at Kentucky terminus for transportation. Will be here at 6 a.m.

to-morrow and move to Hiawassee. Allston reports all quiet.

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Tupelo, Miss., June 9, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I beg to call the attention of the War Department to the absolute necessity, as already telegraphed several times, of providing this army immediately with funds; for otherwise its wants will become intolerable and will necessarily end in its disbandment. This relief can the more readily be obtained from the assistant treasurer at Jackson, Miss., who has in his charge several millions of dollars belonging to the banks of New Orleans, La., seized by my orders when I was informed those funds were to be returned to those banks in obedience to the instructions of

Major-General Butler, Federal commander at that point.

I am assured that the bank agents who had that money in charge are not only willing, but desirous, it should be applied to the present wants of this army, the Government becoming responsible for the same. I would therefore request the Department to give such orders in the case as will best secure the end in view. Moreover, it would be advisable

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

