
to remove those funds from Jackson, Miss., into the interior as soon as practicable.

I must also call the attention of the Department to the absolute necessity for providing this army with an energetic chief commissary, full of expedients and resources; for it is becoming more and more difficult to supply the wants of so large a force as we retire in front, of an overpowering enemy. I had the honor of recommending for that difficult position several days go ago Major Moses J. Wicks, of the Tennessee Cavalry, a gentleman of Memphis, in every way qualified for it, according to the recommendation of those best acquainted with him. The case is urgent and pressing. If in no other way, he could be appointed a lieutenant-colonel of the Provisional Army, and ordered to report to me for duty, when I will again him to the position referred to.

Nearly the same remarks are also applicable to the chief quartermaster of this army; and I have the honor to recommend Mr. Jos. E. Bradley, of Huntsville, Ala., and Mr. Edward Richardson, of New Orleans, who are said to possess all the qualities require for that position. These are times when the men best fitted for an office should be appointed, regardless of all other considerations.

A few weeks ago I informed the Department that Brig. Gen. Thomas Jordan, chief of staff of this army, being absent sick, I had appointed in his place, temporarily, Major George W. Brent, Virginia Volunteers, who was acting assistant adjutant-general. His term of service having expired,he is now without a commission; but being an intelligent, gallant, and meritorious officer, who highly distinguished himself at Shiloh, I have the honor to recommend again that he should be appointed lieutenant-colonel in the Adjutant-General's Department, if practicable, as was done in the case of Lieutenant. Col. J. S. Preston, or in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States. It would be a serious loss to me and to this army if he were not retained in the service.

Hoping that I may receive by telegraph a favorable answer to the above requests, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

TUPELO, June 9, 1862.

Major-General POLK:

Remove to-morrow to this place,via Priceville, having send off first everything from Saltillo. The road by the swamp is impassable for wagons. Enemy not much to be feared.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Tupelo, June 9, 1862.

Col. N. B. FORREST:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you will,with as little delay as practicable, repair to North Alabama and Middle Tennessee and assume command of the cavalry regiments in that section, commanded respectively by Colonel Scott, Wharton, and Adams.

You will carry into effect the verbal instruction communicated to you by the general commanding.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

