
why he relieved me. His answer is so very indefinite and general, that I am constrained to repeat my question for the third time. I therefore ask again that Major-General Van Dorn will state clearly and explicitly what act or acts of mine induced him, on the morning of the 30th ultimo, to relieve me from the command of a division of the Army of the West, then on the march from Corinth to Booneville?

Our common superior, the general commanding the Western Department, has sufficiently indicated the importance he attaches to

Major-General Van Dorn's opinion by immediately assigning me to the command of a much larger and better-organized division than that from which I had just been relieved.

Under ordinary circumstances this indorsement by General Bearuegard of my efficiency as a commander would justify me in permitting Major-General Van Dorn's opinion to pass without further comment; but Major-General Van Dorn has seen fit to assign his opinion as to my suitableness practically to command "troops in the field" as a reason for a high-handed exercise of authority, calculated to do me much injury. I have therefore further to ask that he will state clearly and explicitly, and in terms admitting of investigation by the proper tribunal, on what he based that opinion? He can have no difficulty in doing this. He has bad but one month in which to form his opinion, and in that time has seen me in command in the field on four different occasions. The acts on which he formed so decided an opinion in so short a time must have been palpable and easy of specification.

I desire to have a full and thorough investigation of my administration of the command I held in the Army of the West, and hope the major-general will favor me with his answer with as little delay as possible.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

No. 78. Tupelo, Miss., June 20, 1862.

I. The commander of the forces desires to call the attention of the army to the worthy conduct of Private E. J. Kenny, Fourth Kentucky Volunteers, Company C, in the preservation of public property and army stores at Booneville Station during an attack upon our transportation train at that place by a cavalry force of the enemy on the 30th ultimo.

A suitable badge of distinction will be awarded him at some future day, to be announced in orders.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 44. Tupelo, Miss., June 23, 1862.

* * * * *

V. The court of inquiry convened at the headquarters of Brig. General S. A. M. Wood, in the camp of the Third Army Corps, near Tupelo, Miss., pursuant to Paragraph I, Special Orders, No. 35, of this series and of which Major-General L. Polk is president, for the purpose of investigating certain charges made against Brig. Gen. S. A. M. Wood, in connection

