
with his conduct at the battle of Shiloh, reports the following facts:

1st. It appears the allegation of General Hindman was subsequently withdrawn by that officer, he having become satisfied that his impressions were unfounded.

2nd. It does not appear that there was any failure on the part of General Wood to execute an order to carry his command into action, as it is not proved that any such order was given him, either by Captain Walter or any other, nor does it appear that the troops addressed by Captain Walter were those of General Wood, as supposed by him in his testimony, but the contrary, several officers having testified that no such address was made to General Wood's command by any officer not of his brigade during any part of the battle in question. The conclusion from which is that the troops addressed belonged to some other command.

3rd. Whilst it is proved that the troops of General Wood fell back on one or more occasions during the fight, it is not shown, even by the testimony of Lieutenant Parker, that the falling back witnessed by him was in disorder, but "in about as good order as the order generally observed by the other troops." Several officers belonging to the brigade testify that at no time did the brigade retreat at a run in line of battle.

From which the court is of the opinion that the evidence before it fully clears Brigadier-General Wood from any imputation against him in connection with his conduct during the battle of Shiloh.

The proceedings, findings, and opinion are approved.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 29. Tupelo, July 17, 1862.

Division commanders my authorize all regiments, battalion, and batteries of this army, engaged at Shiloh on the 6th and 7th of April, 1862, that did not behave discreditable on that field, to inscribe "Shiloh" on their standards and colors.

By command of Major-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

