
such. I have seen something of the difficulty and delay in ferrying a large force, with its trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Camp Shiloh, March 23, 1862.

Colonel HILDEBRAND:

SIR: You will march the effective men of your brigade out on the Corinth road, the same we passed over a few days since, in the same order and quipped in the same manner, and reach the point of our camp by 8 a.m. Let the cavalry bring up the rear, out of sight of any enemy's picket you may encounter. Have out an advance guard and flankers, but march pretty brisk.

On reaching the point where we slept, stack arms and await my orders.

Do not let them men leave their places in the ranks without the leave of a colonel, and then only for a necessary purpose.

If you encounter scouts, do not pursue, but keep steadily on the road. I will meet you there. Take your two guides along. Colonel Stuart's brigade will march on the ridge to the left.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Camp Shiloh, March 23, 1862.

Colonel DAVID STUART:

SIR: You will march on the Ridge road toward Corinth to-morrow morning, with the battery and well men of your command, with three days' rations in haversacks, blankets, India-rubber blankets, and 40 rounds of ammunition. Keep the Ridge road, and reach the point of the Corinth road where it crosses Lick Creek, and halt till I order you farther. I want to reconnoiter Pea Ridge beyond.

Start early, so as to reach the point indicated by 8 a.m. Colonel Hildebrand will be on the lower road, and will reach the point where we camped a few nights since at the same hour-8 a.m.

Leave behind all sick men or such as are at all disabled, with some officers to command the camp during your absence. Take you guide along, and be sure you are on the right road. The point of rendezvous is a shoemaker's named Heath, where we left a wounded man on our first expedition.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

