
Halleck says he can't meet me. I have proposed plans to him, the first feature of which is that he seize and hold Florence, the only bridge across the Tennessee from there down. By that means we can act centrally and in any direction, and his communication be secured. At any rate I shall advance as soon as we get our transportation, now on the way. Enemy still at Shelbyville. Davis said to have been at Huntsville a few days ago. I shall make no detachments which will jeopardize Middle Tennessee and this place. Light-draught gunboats ought to be got up rapidly.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, March 10, 1862.

(Received Nashville, March 10,)

General D. C. BUELL:

The evidence is very strong that the enemy in front of us here is breaking up and moving off. General McClellan is after him. Some part of the force may be destined to meet you. Look out and be prepared. I telegraphed Halleck, asking him to assist you, if needed.

A. LINCOLN.

CINCINNATI, March 10, 1862.

General BUELL:

Any suggestion that General Buell may think proper to make in regard to the time or manner of my reaching Nashville will be thankfully received. I hope you have consulted with our Union friends. Answer to Louisville. I will be there to-morrow.

ANDREW JOHNSTON,

[Military Governor.]
HEADQUARTERS, Nashville, March 11, 1862.

Gov. ANDREW JOHNSTON, Louisville:

I have received your dispatch from Cincinnati. I have seen and conversed somewhat frequently with the most prominent Union men in and around Nashville. They are true, but the mass are either inimical or overawed by the tyranny of opinion and power that has prevailed or are waiting to see how matters turn out. They will acquiesce when they see that there is to be stability.

You must not expect to be received with enthusiasm, but rather the reverse, and I would suggest to you to enter without any display. I shall be can provide for yourself more satisfactorily. As for the route, the river will be the most comfortable; the railroad the quickest. Perhaps time is of consequence. Please let me know when to expect you.

D. C. BUELL.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 12. Nashville, March 12, 1862.

* * * * *

IX. A board of officers, to consist of Colonel Hambright,

Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Lane, First Wisconsin;

