
Captain McNally, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, will assemble in Nashville at 12 m. on the 14th instant, to examine into the rights of ownership in cases of all stores and property in dispute in this city between citizens on the one hand and officers and agents of the Government on the other.

* * * * *

By command of General Buell:

J. M. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 1. Saint Louis, March 13, 1862.

I. In compliance with the orders of the President of the United States the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of the Mississippi, which includes the present Department of Kansas and the Missouri and the Department of the Ohio and country west of a north and south line drawn through Knoxville, Tenn., and east of the western boundaries of the States of Missouri and Arkansas.

Headquarters of the Department of the Mississippi will remain, until further orders, at Saint Louis, Mo.

* * * * *

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARCH 18, 1862.

General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

My advanced division is at Columbia. The heavy rains and the destruction of bridges by the enemy will of course retard our progress somewhat. I am carrying the telegraph along. I am told the communication with Island No. 10 is kept up across the bend of the river only 3 miles. We are without money, and both our credit and efficiency are suffering in consequence.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Insert in the dispatch to General Halleck, if it is not started, "The force moving toward Savannah is said to number 26,000."

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 7. Saint Louis, March 19, 1862.

I. So much of the recent Department of the Ohio as is included in the present Department of the Mississippi will be designed the District of the Ohio, and will continue to be commanded by Major-General D. C. Buell. The depots of prisoners of war at Columbus and Indianapolis, and such others as may hereafter be established, will be expected from this arrangement, and the commanding officers of these depots will report directly to these headquarters. All other officers, of whatever rank or corps, will report to General Buell as heretofore.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

