
infantry, in three brigades; three field batteries; one regiment cavalry; three companies of engineers.

Second Division, Brigadier-General McCook commanding: Eleven regiments volunteers and three battalion (nineteen companies) regular infantry, in three brigades; one regiment and two detached companies of cavalry; three batteries; three companies of engineers.

Third Division, Brigadier-General Mitchel commanding: Twelve regiments infantry, in three brigades; one regiment cavalry; three field batteries; two companies of engineers.

Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Nelson commanding: Eleven regiments infantry, in three brigades; one regiment and two independent companies of cavalry; three field batteries;two companies engineers.

Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Crittenden commanding: Seven regiments infantry, in two brigades; one regiment of cavalry; two field batteries.

Sixth Division, Brigadier-General Wood commanding: Twelve regiments infantry, in three brigades; one regiment cavalry; three field batteries.

These divisions are now advancing toward the Tennessee River or taking up positions between here and there. The equalization of divisions and brigades has been disturbed by the withdrawal of troops from them by General Halleck as they were ascending the Cumberland.

A column of five regiments of infantry, five companies of cavalry, and one field battery is now at Cumberland Ford, where it has been and still is detained by high water and the difficulties of supplying it over still is detained by high water and the difficulties of supplying it over a long line of bad road. It had orders to advance on Cumberland Gap, and for its further progress be governed by circumstances in East Tennessee or further orders.

A column composed of five regiments of infantry and eight companies of cavalry has been operating during the winter against the rebel force under Humphrey Marshall in the valley of the Big Sandy. Marshall has been defeated and driven out of the State, and I have ordered all that force except two regiments of infantry and two companies stationed for the present at Piketon to Bardstown.

I anticipate that it many be desirable or necessary to employ it by the time it can arrive in strengthening the column against Cumberland Gap. If not, it will be needed in Tennessee. There is one regiment at Somerset. I leave it there at present with the same view. One regiment on the Lexington and Covington Railroad, which passes through a trouble-some neighborhood and is important for supplying the Cumberland Gap column.

It will be necessary to keep the regiment on that duty for the present. Three regiments of infantry on the railroad from here to Louisville. I have ordered a regiment of cavalry to Springfield, Ky., with detachments from it on the railroads at and this side of Bowling Green.

The cavalry not accounted for in the above will be employed on the lines of communication of the army this side of the Cumberland. The artillery also unaccounted for is here in reserve and ready to move forward. The whole forces this side of the Cumberland will amount to about 55,000, of which one brigade of infantry, two batteries, and a regiment of cavalry I shall leave here for the present. At least one and perhaps two divisions will have to be left to observe routes which expose this place, leaving four divisions there for actual operations against the point of attack indicated by General Halleck. Every bridge in the route, however small, has to be rebuilt, and this, with swollen

