
condition of the streams from constant heavy rains, retards my progress. My advances is now at Columbia, making a bridge over Duck River.

In the above enumeration of force I have made no mention of eight regiments of infantry of my actual force which was sent to General Halleck during his operations against Fort Donelson, four of which took an active part in the attack, nor of eight regiments which I ordered from Indiana and Ohio for the same object.

It will be observed that the force in Kentucky is reduced to a very low under number. It will be probably necessary to increase the guards on the railroads there when the low water in the Cumberland makes the army in Tennessee dependent on them for supplies. Frequent guards will on every road in Tennessee by which the army draws supplies.

But there of the cavalry regiments are properly armed; some have sabers and rifles, some sabers and muskets, some sabers and a variety of pistols. The ordnance officer is at length beginning to receive carbines, though of various descriptions. The infantry is generally well armed. Regular artillery and cavalry companies are all small. Two cavalry companies have 80 men and in one case two regular artillery companies are united to man one battery and are then insufficient. There is a provost guard of four companies of infantry, and one company of cavalry in Louisiana, which I think it proper to keep there for the present.

A complete return of the troops in the late Department of the Ohio will be forwarded as soon as the records now en route from Louisville arrive.

A return of the troops on this side of the Cumberland will be forwarded in a couple of days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARCH 25, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have concluded to call General Garfield into active service here, and send General Morgan, who has just reported, to Cumberland Ford, Both are good officers, and there are some circumstances which make this arrangement preferable to the one I contemplated first.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

MARCH 25, 1862.

General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Intercepted letters from Corinth dated the 18th and 19th. The estimate of force there varies from 25,000 to 40,000.

Re-enforcements arriving constantly; expect to have 80,000 or 100,000 men. Have a large amount of rolling stock; can concentrate rapidly. Expect a battle at Corinth. I wrote you in detail last night in regard to my dispositions. I start to-morrow. Expect the bridge at Columbia to be ready or nearly so by the time I get there, and shall then move forward rapidly.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

