HEADQUARTERS, April 22, 1862.

General DUMONT, Nashville:

Do not permit the remains of rebels to be passed into Kentucky for interment. Take pains to prevent their getting into the State from any direction where your authority extends.

JAMES B. FRY,Colonel and Chief of Staff.

COLUMBIA, TENN., April 23, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I have just received a letter from General Mitchel of the 21st, the extracts from which will fully explain his wishes.

The bridges between here and Elk River can be quickly rebuilt if you direct it to be done; will put men on the railroad and pike bridges to-morrow. I have ordered wire; 30 coils here now. If we open communication via Decatur advise me as to the troops to guard the road; instruct me fully, if you please.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-The following is extract of letter from General Mitchel:

I be you to telegraph Nashville for a sufficient amount of wire to build the line from Columbia to Decatur. If you have a party who can be set to work putting up wire at your end of the line my party will meet them, and we will thus in a very few days be brought into direct telegraphic communication. My train will be in Columbia very soon after this reaches you. I trust your depot is well filled with supplies. We can bring away at one load about five days' rations for 10,000 men. I shall order my regiments now at Shelbyville and Fayetteville to Wartrace, to join their brigades at Decatur.

I wish it were possible to open the railway by rebuilding the bridges to Elkwater. This would enable me to feed my troops without difficultly.

I have not heard from you in answer to my request to send a regiment to Murfreesborough and one to Shelbyville. I am certain this should be done promptly.

Your obedient servant,

O. M. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Huntsville, April 25, 1862.

Major-General BUELL.

The enemy threatening to surround us at Tuscumbia we have fallen back to Jonesborough, on the hither side of the burnt bridge. We have sent out and brought forward supplies brought by steamers.

Your dispatches by the steamer reached me to-day, and as you attach little importance to the occupying of Tuscumbia and the south side of the river beyond Decatur I have decided quietly to withdraw my troops to the north side of the river, and will then destroy the bridge. This done, I can give by individual attention to Bridgeport. Should it be desirable to join you my division can easily march to Florence in two days from Athens. The great responsibility I have been under and constant activity day and night begin to tell unfavorably on my health.

I have a line of couriers to Shelbyville, but I fear 10 of them have been captured. I send this dispatch by a mounted escort of 10 men.

O. M. MITCHEL.

