
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 21. Camp, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 25, 1862.

The major-general commanding announces with deep regret to the troops of this department the death of Major-General Charles F. Smith, who at 4 o'clock p.m. to-day departed this life at Savannah, on the Tennessee River.

General Smith had been in the service of his country for more than forty years, and had passed through all the military grades from cadet to major-general. He had fought with distinction in nearly all the battles of Mexico, and by his gallantry and skill had gained imperishable laurels at the siege of Fort Donelson. He combined the qualities of a faithful officer, an excellent disciplinarian, an able commander, and a modest and courteous gentleman. In his death the Army has lost one of its brightest ornaments and the country a general whose place it will be difficult to supply.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

AND. C. KEMPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 26, 1862.

Governor JOHNSON, Nashville:

I am anxious to gratify you, but you will see the propriety of making all other considerations yield to that disposition of the troops which is necessary for the security of Nashville and Middle Tennessee.*

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Field of Shiloh, April 26, 1862.

Capt. N. H. McLEAN,Asst. Adjt. Gen. Department of the Mississippi:

SIR: Some plan of recruitment for the regiments now in service is rapidly becoming a matter of vital importance. Very many of the regiments in my command are already by deaths, discharges, and sickness to not more than 500 effective men. Many of them have not 300 men for duty.

Your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

PITTSBURGH, April 27, 1862.

Lieutenant. W. McGUNNIGLE, U. S. N.:

DEAR SIR: The following brief account of my proceedings in the preparation of extempore steam-rams will, I think, enable you to respond to the inquiries contained in Commodore Foote's letter of instructions to you:

I was instructed by the Secretary of War, March 27, to proceed immediately

---------------

*See Stanton to Halleck, p.126; Halleck to Buell, p.128, and Buell to Halleck, p.129.

---------------

