
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 22. Camp, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 28, 1862.

I. As an appropriate tribute of respect to the memory of the late Major-General Charles F. Smith there will be fired at every military post and from every United States armed vessel in this department, on the day after the receipt of this order, thirteen minute guns, commencing at meridian,and the national flag will be displayed at half staff or mast from the same hour until sunset of the same day. The flag of his division will be draped in mourning and the officers of the division will wear the usual badge for thirty days.

II. On the arrival of this body at Saint Louis the commanding officer will make the proper arrangements for his funeral.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

AND. C. KEMPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND FORD, April 29, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The reports of the scouts are very contradictory. Five guns were withdrawn from the Gap and taken toward Knoxville three days ago, doubtless intended for Corinth. Two days before they were removed I arrested a woman who had eluded our pickets and gained the Gap to see her husband. She reports that at that time there were

twenty-seven guns. Morgan's disaffected battalion has been sent to Kingston and is replaced by a Georgia regiment. The enemy is building boats on the Powell, Holston, and Clinch. I doubt the truth of this rumor, but should not be surprised if they had abandoned the Gap. On yesterday I sent out Carter and De Courcy with a considerable force, to enable my acting topographical engineer to make a thorough reconnaissance, take heights, distances, &amp;c. Despite all the obstacles, my preparation are rapidly advancing. In forty-eight hours more a floating bridge will be completed over the Cumberland. The 20-pounders will reach here in seven or eight days, provided the rain does not continue. The late flood carried away the bridges over the little currents; they are rebuilt. Rained all last night.

I appreciate the importance of getting into East Tennessee and will soon do so. I sent a letter to Kirby Smith, signed by Carter, in order to ascertain his locality, but in reply he simply dated this letter "Department of East Tennessee, April 19." I believe that he is at Corinth. It is represented that the enemy has four regiments at Knoxville, two at Morristown, one at Clinton, and a force at Kingston, as well as small parties along the railroad.

MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, May 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

We have now reached that proximity to the enemy that our movements should be conducted with the greatest caution and combined method. I shall therefore make no further advance until I receive your orders. The roads through the country are somewhat numerous,but

