
Government or who are encouraging the rebellion or giving aid and comfort to the enemy must be arrested and sent to Camp Chase. You will not of course acto on mere suspicion in these matters, but must not hesitate when the case is plain. It is possible that you may encounter a minor degree of organization or association among Kentucky rebels, but it is more probable that you will have to deal only with individual secessionists.

Report by telegraph and mail frequently and on receipt of this.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, May 8, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

A furious beating of bass drums is kept up in the right and left corps. It can be heard a distance of 4 or 5 miles; of course betrays our position and progress, and ought to be suppressed. Bass drums are not used with field music in my command at all.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, May 11, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The line which I am occupying is about 2 1/2 miles long, and leaves my old position where two of Thomas' divisions are quite retired and protected. It is desirable, I think, to have my whole force on that line, and if you approve I will move Crittenden over with the rest. He is now in rear of Thomas' troops.

D. C. BUELL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 26. Monterey, Tenn., May 13, 1862.

The following resolutions, passed by the General Assembly of Ohio, having been officially received, are published to the troops engaged in the battles of the 6th and 7th of April at Pittsburg, Tenn.:

Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, That the intelligence just received of the success of our arms in the late important battle at Pittsburg Landing calls for our sincere acknowledgements to the sovereign disposer of events for His interference in our behalf.

Resolved, That the thanks of the State of Ohio are hereby tendered to the gallant officers and men composing our army engaged in this desperate encounter for their valor and endurance, resulting in such glorious success.

Resolved, That while rejoicing at this victory we sympathize with the wounded, mourn for the glorious dead, and will honor and their memories.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, May 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am moving up to Bridge Creek in three columns; Crittenden, with one brigade, its center on the Corinth road, the other brigade in reserve;

40 R R-VOL X, PT II

