
Nelson, with two brigades at the burnt house, in front of his lines, the other brigade in the trenches; McCook, with two brigades and one in reserve, mainly on the right of the Corinth road beyond Seratt's. Wood occupies his lines. As soon as we are in position I shall send forward a force mainly in front of McCook and Nelson to feel the enemy and discover the ground. The density of the woods will render it impossible to use other than light for that service.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, May 228, 1862.

General HALLECK:

My troops are all on the ground, to which they advanced to-day, and are throwing up such intrenchments as the circumstances and time admit of. McCook's division is on the ridge beyond Bridge Creek, and he reports that his skirmishers were at 5 p.m. in sight of the enemy's breastworks. If the enemy should attack, his position is an exposed one; his right is unsupported. He is a mile in advance of General Thomas' intrenchments. If attacked, he should be promptly supported and his right should be covered.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, May 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

His right brigade is about one-half mile in advance of Seratt's and to the right of the Corinth road. His left is more to the rear and to the left of the road.

Our maps must be a good deal at fault in regard to Bridge Creek. I have thought it best not to withdraw any of McCook's troops, and have ordered them to intrench to-night. If attacked in the morning his right ought to be promptly supported.

D. C. BUELL.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In Camp, May 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General NELSON,Commanding Fourth Division:

SIR: It is stated that Captain Bush, commanding a battery of artillery, was arrested by you yesterday morning, and sent to the provost guard-house for supposed disobedience of orders. It seems that the action of Captain Bush arose from conflicting orders received by him and that he was not to blame, and also that he had been relieved by you.

The general commanding desires me to say that the extreme course of placing an officer under guard, or in the guard-house should only be resorted to in cases of manifest or well-established insubordination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

