
LOUISVILLE, May 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

I report in this mode to you under following circumstances:

On my way to join you at Corinth I received at this place a telegraphic order from the Secretary of War to report here and confer with the Military Board and take command of forces in Kentucky. The reason given is that I will be of more advantage to the service here on account of my intimate knowledge of the requirements of the service in my State. I find Colonel Duffield here. Will you give me orders and define our relative positions? Whatever your order I will carry out. Let me hear from you. I will write you fully.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 31, 1862.

Major F. F. FLINT, Louisville:

You have fifteen officers at the barracks. So many cannot be spared for that purpose. You were ordered some time since to send Lieutenant Amann, First Ohio Artillery, to his company. Send him and Lieutenant Styles and Lieutenants McRoberts and Ford,Forty-first Ohio, and Marks, Fortieth Indiana, if they are fit for duty. If not fit, send surgeon's certificates in their cases. You are ordered to arrest and return to their regiments all officers or soldiers of this command found absent without authority from these headquarters, and it is made your duty to find out such.

Let this order be made known to Colonel Duffield, that he may direct the provost-marshal to assist in this duty. Report all officers and men thus arrested and the disposition made of them, that further action may be taken here.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In Camp, June 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Fifth Division:

The general yesterday observed one of the batteries in your division carrying a large flag instead of a guidon, as ordered. The general desire to know why the orders on this subject are not executed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, June 3, 1862.

General MITCHEL, Huntsville:

I will order a steamer to Decatur if one can be found that can get over the shoals. In the mean time to what you can to establish an efficient ferry at that point. We are working rapidly on the road and telegraph from this direction and hope to open communication with you in a week at furthest. You can then get your supplies through Tuscumbia.

D. C. BUELL.

