
2 pairs drawers, 2 pairs socks, 1 jacket or blouse, 1 pair of pants, 1 pair of shoes, and 1 cap or hat. No articles of clothing will be carried in the knapsack except such of the above as are not worn.

All other articles of baggage in possession of soldiers and all unauthorized baggage held by officers will be carefully packed, marked, and turned in to the quartermaster, to be stored in a place to be hereafter designated.

II. Whenever a soldiers is found straggling in rear of his regiment or company his knapsack will be inspected by the rear guard, and every unauthorized article found in it will be thrown out.

III. Division commanders will appoint for each brigade special inspectors to see to the execution of this order. The inspector will report the compliance or non-compliance with the order, and their reports will be forwarded to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Buell;

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, June 4, 1862.

Major-General D. C. BUELL:

You will have to get guides from General Pope's command on their road to Danville.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 4, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

Pope's forces are nearly all past Danville and I suppose now are near Baldwin. He expects an engagement to-day. I think you will find the road clear of Pope's troops. Lieutenant North will report to you as a guide this morning and General Pope will send others to meet you.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., [June 4, 1862].

Major-General BUELL:

I directed General Wood to push forward a brigade to Tuscumbia and Florence to receive the locomotives and cars from Paducah and Saint Louis now coming up the Tennessee.

He telegraphed to Colonel Kelton that he has orders from you not to pass Bear Creek. See that is made right.

Time with us now is everything. Not a moment must be lost in opening communication to Mitchel.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, June 4, 1862.

Col. J. B. FRY:

There is an order issued by you that none except officers on duty in this camp, not with troops, shall occupy houses in this city. It is violated

