HEADQUARTERS, NEAR BOONEVILLE, June 6, 1862.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis:

Investigation in case of Forty-ninth Indiana is being made, and action will be taken as soon as practicable and you will be informed.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS, CAMP NEAR BOONEVILLE, June 6, 1862.

Captain GREENE, Nashville:

General Buell orders that all officers on duty with troops in camp live in camp with them. This order to have no exception. He directs that you communicate to all concerned for prompt compliance. Tell Bingham not to send the steamer W. A. Baird at present.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, NEAR BOONEVILLE, June 6, 1862.

General MORGAN, Cumberland Ford:

Governor Morton reports the Forty-ninth Indiana, Colonel Ray, in a deplorable condition, on account of sickness and want of supplies, and desires it to be ordered to Lexington; says you recommend it. Report on the state of the regiment, the cause of its unusual sickness and sufferings, and whether a change of location is necessary.

JAMES B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, June 6, 1862.

Col. J. B. FRY:

Brig. General J. T. Boyle will to-day relieve me of this command by virtue of the following order:

WASHINGTON, May 27, 1862.

General J. T. BOYLE, Danville:

You are relieved from the command of your brigade before Corinth, and are directed to report to the Military Board of Kentucky to take command of the forces in Kentucky. You will also acknowledge the receipt of this order.

The Department, in making this order, believes that your presence in Kentucky for the specified purpose will be of more advantage to the service than if you were to return to your command before Corinth, on account of your intimate knowledge of the requirements of the service in your State and your experience and discretion.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

[Secretary of War.]

General Boyle has published his first general order, assuming the command, dated June 4, 1862, but I did not receive a copy of the order which he acts upon until to-day, and no formal transfer has yet been made to him. He informed me that report tri-monthly to the War Department and not to yourself. On being released I will at this point await your orders.

Have reported more fully by mail to-day.

W. W. DUFFILED,

Colonel, Commanding.

