
personal relations which have always existed between us. It is my wish to maintain those relations if possible; but you must be aware that I cannot long do so unless you act toward me in the same spirit of frankness in which my letter of yesterday was written. It will afford me real satisfaction upon the receipt of the copy of the report attributed to me in the dispatch in question, accompanied by such an explanation as a spirit of frankness and candor would dictate, to recall and destroy this letter. Such explanation is, however, due to me, and I trust sincerely that you will not leave Now York, where I understand you are to remain three weeks, without making the brief examination of your files necessary to a full explanation of the subject.

I send the original of this to you by the hands of Major Scott, your staff officer, and a copy by mail to the care of John C. Hamilton, esq.

I will leave for Saint Louis Friday, the 7th instant, at which place any communication will reach me.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES, Camp on Battle Creek, August 11, 1862.

Col. J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I forward you herewith, by messenger, one package official papers brought to our lines by flag of truce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, August 6, 1862.

Major-General D. C. BUELL,Commanding U. S. Forces, Middle Tennessee:

GENERAL: The inclosed papers were some time since captured on the person of one Major-General Mitchel's couriers.

I have the honor to request that they be forwarded to Washington City for the information of the War Department.*

I remain, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Comdg. Confederate Forces, Dept. East Tenn.

[Sub-inclosures.]

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., May 4, 1862.

SAMUEL SHARP, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: I am down here in Dixie a good ways at present. Our division has got 125 miles of railroad in possession at this time. Huntsville is a fine town. I think it is about a place here as can be found. It is not very large, perhaps 5,000 inhabitants.

Our division has had three small battles within the last eight days, and we had 200 men taken prisoners that was coming through to us.

---------------

*See pp.290-295. These documents were not forwarded to the War Department until 1882.

---------------

