
of Government (Southern Confederacy) bacon is stored. You will get it and return.

Nichols' Landing is 10 miles below Clifton. Mr. H. Gibbs, of Clifton, will accompany you to that place, and furnish a guide there, who will show you where the bacon is. You will avoid all delay, but remain until your expedition has completed the object for which it is sent. Private property is on no account to be molested nor citizens annoyed. The troops under your command should be impressed with the idea that the neighborhood where they are going is almost entirely Union. It was a citizen of the country, or rather a delegation of citizens, who gave the information of the bacon being where it is and of its ownership.

No large bodies of troops are supposed to be near where you are going, but small bodies of cavalry are known to be there. You will therefore keep your men from straggling, and at all times keep a guard at the boat to prevent accident there.

You are to be particularly cautious against engaging an enemy of your own or superior numbers. You are not going to fight the enemy, but for a different object, where nothing could be gained by a small victory, which would cost us a single man. Should the enemy therefore appear in sufficient force to make a stand, return, and a large number of men will be sent.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 24, 1862.

General BUELL, Nashville:

It is reported that Jackson and Humboldt have been evacuated and that the enemy has concentrated his forces at Corinth, with the intention to give battle. A battle should be avoided for the present and until we can concentrate a larger army against him; but, if possible without a very serious engagement, the railroad at Jackson and Humboldt should be cut.

Please send copy of this to General Grant, as he can be reached sooner from Columbia than from Fort Henry.

H. W. HALLECK.

NASHVILLE, March 24, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of to-day this movement received. I will instantly search for the dispatches, and repeat my answers if they were received.

For fear not, please have them repeated. I have answered every dispatch received from you.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, March 24, 1862-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Intercepted letters from Corinth dated 18th and 19th. The estimate of force there varies from 25,000 to 40,000. Re-enforcements arriving constantly. Expect to have 80,000 or 100,000 men. Have a large

