
HUNTSVILLE, ALA., May 5, 1862.

T. COMSTOCK, Saint Cloud Hotel, Nashville, Tenn.:

I have full approval and co-operation of General Mitchel. Good Southern funds will buy to any extent.

Wait for particulars by letter to-day.

J. H. CLARK,

General Mitchel's Headquarters.

[Across the face:]

Approved.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General.

Mr. FULLER, Telegraph Operator, Shelbyville, Tenn.:

Please send through the above dispatch at earliest moment. By permission of General Mitchell all letters or dispatches for me you will please send through by his couriers to his headquarters. My letters are directed to your care at Shelbyville.

Very truly, yours,

J. H. CLARK.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Camp Taylor, Huntsville, May 5, 1862.

W. B. HOOK, Esq., Nashville, Tenn.:

I fear you are again losing a most favorable opportunity to commence the purchase of cotton. John Morgan's raid has brought down the price and gives to buyers a chance which will not probably return again soon. Purchasers are here in advance of you and are making contracts this very day, and to them I offer the same facilities that I have offered to you, and will do so until you arrive.

The cotton first purchased will be first transported by me on the Government trains, and it is the bold man who wins. I have no personal interest in this matter,as you very well know, and had you come forward promptly on reaching Nashville this whole matter would have been in your own hands.

Ned will be exchanged for Lieutenant Morgan, the brother of the colonel.

Very truly and affectionately,O. M. MITCHEL.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

APRIL 18, 1862.

PROCLAMATION.

The major-general commanding this department, charged with the enforcement of martial law, believing that many of its citizens have been misled into the commission of treasonable acts through ignorance of their duties and obligations to their State, and that many have actually fled across the mountains and joined our enemies under the persuasion and misguidance of supposed friends but designing enemies, hereby proclaims:

