SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,No. 41. Corinth, Miss., April 26, 1862.

I. The following rearrangement and transfers of general officers and regiments will take place immediately:

1st. Brigadier-General Donelson will report to Major-General Polk with the two regiments of Tennessee volunteers now under his command.

2nd. Brigadier-General Trapier will be relieved from duty with the First Corps and will report to General Bragg.

3rd. Brigadier-General Hawes and Helm will report for duty to

Major-General Breckinridge.

4th. Blythe's regiment Mississippi and Marks' Eleventh Louisiana Volunteers are transferred from the First to the Second Army Corps.

5th. Robertson's regiment Alabama Volunteers, instead of being consolidated with the Sixteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers, is transferred to Major-General Breckinridge's command, with its present organization.

6th. The Seventh Kentucky and Sixth Mississippi Volunteers are transferred to the reserve.

II. The chief of artillery, Colonel Gill, will inspect the batteries of this army and organize them forthwith as follows:

1st. One battery of four guns to each brigade, each battery to consist either of our rifled guns or four smooth-bore guns, two of which shall be howitzers, expect that 12-pounder batteries shall remain as now organized.

2nd. Six horses shall be furnished for each gun.

3rd. Any extra horses shall be distributed to these batteries of the same division or to other divisions, as may be required.

4th. Any deficiency of horses will be supplied by selection from the cavalry; to which end Brigadier-General Beall, when required, will dismounted from suitable horses as many troops, with the least prejudice practicable to his arm of the service, as may be necessary to supply said deficiency.

5th. All men thus dismounted will be paid the assessed value of their horses without delay, and they will be attached to regiments of infantry of their own selection, ten days being given for selection.

6th. Supernumeraries, if any, of light batteries, after organization as prescribed in these orders, may select whether to serve in other light batteries or to serve with siege guns or guns in position, it being understood that all such supernumeraries in the event of a battle shall be held in reserve to replace casualties in light batteries in action.

7th. Vaiden (Bain's) artillery company will report at once to General Bragg to be assigned according to the needs of the service, their guns to be turned in to the Ordnance Departments.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

