
amount of rolling stock; can concentrate rapidly. Expect a battle at Corinth.

I wrote you in detail last night in regard to my disposition. I start to-morrow. Expect the bridge at Columbia to be ready, or nearly so, by the time I get there, and shall then move forward rapidly.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 24, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Nashville:

I have directed General Rosecrans not to interfere with Garfield and to suspend any orders he has given, because I desire Garfield to carry out your instructions. I cannot think General Rosecrans has given any orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Shiloh, 3 miles back of Pittsburg Landing, March 24, 1862.

General W. K. STRONG:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am on the point of mounting my horse to start on a strong reconnaissance to Pea Ridge, half way to Corinth-the new Manassas of this region; and before starting must express to you my thanks for your very kind letter received a few days since. Most assuredly our cause has received a tremendous lift since we paced the piazza at Benton Barracks, and Halleck has been the directing genius. I wish him all honor and glory; and in my heart I yield to whomsoever has merit and talents to devote to so worthy a cause. We all play our parts, and whilst I have my heart a memory for many, very many, kind and courteous acts of families in Louisiana, I dream that I may still one day sit by their firesides, and hear them admit their rebellion was the result of bad counsels and want of information.

I hope we may meet in Memphis. Here we are on its latitude, and you have its longitude. Draw our parallels, and we breakfast at the "Gayosa," whither let us God speed, and then rejoice once more at the progress of our cause.

Believe me, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Piketon, Ky., March 24, 1862.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER:

GENERAL: Yours of the 20th instant is just received. I have just received orders to go down the Ohio to Louisville, and thence to Bardstown, with three regiments. I shall leave here in two or three days. I shall, however, leave an adequate force here to protect the frontier.

On the 16th instant I attacked and drove from the Pound Gap 500, who were fortified there. I had thus opened the way into Virginia in expectation of orders to march to your assistance.

From a number of letters found in the rebel camp at the Pound Gap I am led to believe the force at Cumberland is not so large as I had

5 R R-VOL X, PT II

