
 [CHAP. XXII.
supposed. I hope General McClellan's advance may soon draw your enemy back.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, March 25, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The only dispatch of the 13th I can find was in regard to the strength of my command. It was answered at once, and the answer repeated. It was also answered by letter, and I now send a copy of the letter by mail.

The dispatch of the 18th was in regard to gunboats; that also was answered immediately. I have learned since that there still remained one gunboat here. I have given directions this evening for her to report to General Grant. If other dispatches of the 13th and 18th are sent please have them repeated.

I leave here to-morrow.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

SAVANNAH, March 25, 1862 (via Fort Henry.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Oxen can be got here, though we may be obliged to go far in the country for the number that will be required. There are surplus mules enough here to partly supply a siege battery. Sixteenth Wisconsin, Fifty-third Indiana, and Michigan battery arrived.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 26, 1862-1 p.m.

General BUELL, Nashville:

Your letter of the 14th is this moment received. It is perfectly satisfactory. We agree in every respect as to plan of campaign, except perhaps the column on the diverging line to Stevenson. I doubt its expediency. If made very strong, it divides your forces too much. It seems to me better to threaten Decatur by way of Pulaski. Your columns would then be near enough together to co-operate. I am inclined to believe the enemy will make his stand at or near Corinth. If so, your eastern column would be too distant to render us any assistance. I propose to join you as soon as you reach the Tennessee. I think all your available forces, not necessary to hold your positions on the railroads, should be concentrated on the Tennessee, in the vicinity of Savannah or Eastport.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

