
SAVANNAH, March 26, 1862.

(Via PADUCAH, March 27.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

My scouts are just in with a letter from General Buell. The three divisions coming this way are yet on east side of Duck River, detained bridge building. Rebel cavalry are scattered through from here to Nashville gathering supplies. Through some citizens I learn that a large quantity of pork for the Southern army is in store 40 miles below here. I have boat and detail now getting it. No news from Corinth.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Numbers 36. Savannah, Tenn., March 26, 1862.

1. Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss having reported for duty in this military district, he is assigned to the command of the unattached troops at Pittsburg, Tenn. As fast as troops arrive they will be brigaded and brigades formed into a division, which will be known as the Sixth Division, and commanded by General Prentiss.

* * * * * * * *

6. Major General C. F. Smith, the senior officer at Pittsburg, is hereby appointed to command that post during the continuance of headquarters of the district at this place or until properly relieved. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JNumbers A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Piketon, Ky., March 26, 1862.

Colonel JONATHAN CRANOR,

Commanding Fortieth Ohio Volunteers:

DEAR SIR: By Special Orders, Numbers 69, from the general commanding the Department of the Ohio, you are placed in command of that portion of the Eighteenth Brigade which is for the present left in the valley of the Big Sandy. The forces under your command will be the Fortieth Ohio, Colonel Cranor commanding; Sixteenth Kentucky, Colonel C. A. Marshall; First Squadron Ohio Cavalry, Major William McLaughlin.

You will remain at this post until April 9, 1862, unless different orders should be sooner given. At that date, or as soon thereafter as the state of the weather will permit, you will move your whole force, together with camp equipage and stores, and take post at Prestonburg, Ky. Except for very urgent reasons you will allow no soldier or officer to be quartered in any house or other building. You are charged with the duty of keeping up regimental lines and guards in accordance with Brigade General Orders, Numbers 12, and also to keep up such picket, grand guard, and police as shall be sufficient for the ample protection of your command from enemies without and disorder within. You will see that company and battalion drills are regularly kept up throughout the whole command.

You are particularly charged with protection of the rights and per-

