
sons of citizens. Nothing but a rigorous discipline and severe punishment of those who commit outrages can prevent our army from falling into disgrace. You will use every effort to put down the band of robbers and marauders which infest this country. I have offered rewards for some of the most notorious of the leaders.

In regard to citizens who have been disloyal I desire to have the policy continued and rebellion against the Government must promptly be put down, it must also be remembered that the people in this valley are to live together as fellow-citizens and neighbors after the war is over. All that we can do to enaugurate peace and concord among them while the army is here should be done.

The people in this valley are, in the main, very ignorant, and completely under the control of their party leaders. If those leaders in the different precincts can be placed under bonds for their future loyalty and peaceable conduct, and will take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States, they will probably be efficient in keeping the country quiet and loyal.

You will also see that intoxicating liquors are not sold to the soldiers. Commandants of regiments left in the valley will send consolidated morning reports to me at Bardstown, Ky., until further orders.

I desire you to report to me frequently concerning the condition of the valley and of your command.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS,, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Numbers 12. Nashville, Tenn., March 26, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. The troops at or in the vicinity of Cumberland Gap, under command of Acting Brigadier-General Carter, together with the troops under Brigadier-General Garfield now on the march to Bardstown, Ky. (the Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers), the Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers, and Foster's Wisconsin battery), will constitute the Seventh Division of the Army of the Ohio, under command of Brigadier General George W. Morgan, U. S. Volunteers.

General Morgan is authorized to make such disposition of regiments in his division in the promotion [formation] of brigades as will be for the best interests of the service.

V. Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to the general commanding this army, at his headquarters in the field.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 26, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT OF THE BOARD OF TRADE,

Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, New Albany:

This Department desires the immediate aid of your association in the following particulars:

