
including one battery of light artillery at this place, excepting those designated for garrison duty.

Instead of 150,000, as per directions this morning, you will place on board steamers to proceed up river 300,000 rations.

Land transportation will be limited as per General Orders, Numbers 17.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 5, 1862.

Major-General GRANT,

Fort Henry:

It is exceedingly important that there should be no delay in destroying the bridge at Corinth or Bear Creek. Don't delay the matter moment. If successful, the expedition will not return to Paris, but will encamp at Savannah, unless threatened by superior numbers. Prepare everything to re-enforce him there. Dismount the water batteries at Henry and Donelson, and remove all stores, except for a small garrison at Donelson. Travelers can pass to Nashville, but one will be permitted to land at the forts, except in extreme cases. None must be allowed to go up the Tennessee. See to this. What we do there must not be communicated to the public.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, March 5, 1862.

General HALLECK:

General Cullum says Pope has been re-enforced with 5,000 men. I can send 5,000 from Paducah. Shall they be sent to Pope or General Smith? General Cullum estimates General Pope's forces at 18,000 men. That number must be all he wants, only there should be an attack or even demonstration on Island Numbers 10 at once.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, March 5, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I learn the gunboats are not prepared to attack Island Numbers 10. Could not the same end be attained by shelling the island with ten of the mortar boats, with one gunboat to command-say 5,000 infantry at hand. [?] General Cullum insists that General Pope is sufficiently re-enforced; that two regiments and one battalion of cavalry is enough for Columbus. This leaves the Paducah force of ten regiments ready for Columbus. This leaves the Paducah force of ten regiments ready for orders. I will have them ready to embark at short notice for the Tennessee or the Mississippi, as you or General Cullum may order.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.

