
 [CHAP. XXII.
byville or at Columbia or Pulaski; or, still farther in advance, at Huntsville or Decatur. These points are of more or less importance in consequence of the routes they command, and some of them are on streams-Duck River and Elk River-which in high water would have some strength as defensive lines; though in the dry seasons they are fordable at many points. Fayetteville is also important, as affording by the branch railroad from Decherd a good depot for operations against any position south of it on your line.

I do not think it necessary to do more than suggest these general features to you. You will understand well how to take advantage of them or guard against them, according to circumstances.

Move one of your brigades, with a battery and the principal part of your cavalry, at once to Shelbyville, to which point it is desirable to complete your railroad transportation. As soon as the bridges you are at work on are so far advanced that you can leave them, carry forward the principal part of your division to that point, and throw a brigade and strong force of cavalry forward to Fayetteville. From this position the railroad at or beyond Decherd must be carefully watched, and so must all the routes in front of you. Endeavor, in connection with these movements, to secure some of the stock on the roads north of Decherd by a rapid movement of cavalry through Manchester to that point. Inform yourself by all possible means of the position, movements, and strength of the enemy.

Preserve thorough discipline and instruction in your command and keep it in readiness at all times for any service. Purchase your supplies in the country as far as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, March 28, 1862.

Colonel SYMINGTON,

U. S. Arsenal, Pittsburgh:

General Halleck desires that the 323-pounders and the 10-inch shell guns be not shipped down the river. You will therefore not ship them, but will forward the other large guns.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 28, 1862.

The columbiads and rifled guns, with carriages and ammunition, now at Fort Donelson, will be immediately removed to Columbus, and mounted in position best for iron-clad gunboats; also heavy guns, if any, to be removed to same place. Several columbiads and rifled guns are on the way from Pittsburg to Cairo. They will be sent to Columbus and mounted. Colonel Callender is preparating carriages for them. This must be done without delay. The quartermaster will afford all facilities.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

