
the last eight days and concentrating at Corinth. I give this for what it is worth. One of the gunboats makes daily trips as far down the river as Perryville, the point on the river where there is the most probability of a battery being established to annoy our transports.

The conduct of the Twenty-first Missouri on their way up here has been reported to me as infamous. A constant fire was kept up all the way on the trip, and in some instances the citizens on shore were fired at. I caused charges to be preferred against the colonel, and the court is now in session trying him.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Forts Henry and Heiman, March 28, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of West Tennessee, Savannah:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this [post] of a gentleman who left Memphis on the morning of the 26th instant. He brings some information with reference to the position and movements of the rebel troops that may be of service to the general commanding. He says that there were not more than eight regular regiments in the vicinity of Island Numbers 10, and that the people of Memphis had no hopes of being able to hold the place any length [of time]; in fact, they looked for the city itself to be taken in the course of a week or ten days. From all the information he could gather he comes to the conclusion that they are bringing all their energies to the concentration of a larger force at Corinth, where they expect to make a desperate stand. They are even bringing to that point some forces from Virginia. Beauregard is in command.

Since my last communication the scouting parties of my regiment have captured 15 additional prisoners. Among them are lieutenants. Citizens continue to arrive here daily from the interior to avoid imprisonment. It is likely to prove very unhealthy, now that the water is falling rapidly, inside the post of Fort Henry. I should like permission to move the companies now there to the Fort Heiman side, sending over daily a sufficient guard. Several citizens here wish to ship tobacco and other articles down the river. From whom can the license be obtained? Will you be kind enough to furnish me with a copy of Department General Orders, Numbers 3, series 61, with accompanying orders based thereon from district headquarters?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR COLUMBIA, TENN.,

March 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have received your dispatch of the 26th. The failure of a telegram twice repeated, and of my letter of the 14th, giving information in regard to the strength and disposition of my command, is so remarkable, that I think it deserving of investigation, and I telegraphed to the post-office agent and the assistant manager of the telegraph on the subject.

