
I mailed another copy of my detailed report to you on the 25th, and have given the same information to the Secretary of War. Shall I repeat it to you by telegraph? It may be advisable not to do so.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR COLUMBIA, TENN., March 28-1.30 p.m.

(Via NASHVILLE, March 28, 1862.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I have received your dispatch of the 26th. My letter of the 23rd explains more in detail the dispositions I have made. I have studied pretty much every contingency, and have kept the object of concentration, wherever necessary, constantly in view.

Fayetteville is on as good a line for Decatur as Columbia is, and at the same time guards the route to Nashville from the East.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp near Columbia, March 28, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: I have assigned you to the command of the column in front of Cumberland Gap, with an increase of force, which will be organized into a division of three brigades. Three regiments of this force have just returned from active service in Eastern Kentucky, and are now at Bardstown. They will require some fitting up with clothing and equipments to make them efficient.

Go first to Louisville and inspect them, and see them put in preparation for active service; then join the force at Cumberland Ford as soon as possible; take command; inform yourself of the strength, position, and plans of the enemy; get your command there in condition for efficient service, and call up your re-enforcements in such order as you may think advisable.

The additional battery is at Louisville, one regiment is at Somerset, and one at Lexington. The conduct of disorderly and mischievous men may make it necessary to retain that regiment at Lexington; at least a portion of it must be kept there to guard your depot. Most of your stores will be drawn from there; by you may sometimes find it convenient to draw from Nicholasville or Louisville through Lebanon.

The original orders to this column were to take Cumberland Gap, and for its further progress be governed by circumstances in East Tennessee. The strength of the enemy there, it is pretty well ascertained, has since been increased, but the object is the same, and you are of course expected to pursue it with zeal and discretion, or hold the enemy in check if your force should be insufficient to advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

