SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE OHIO,Numbers 1. Nashville, Tenn. March 28, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. The Sixth Division, Brigadier-General Wood commanding, will put itself en route on the Columbia turnpike to-morrow, the 29th instant. Colonel Barnett, with the reserve artillery, will report at once to Brigadier-General Wood, and will accompany the Sixth Division.

III. The Seventh Brigade, Brigadier-General Negley commanding, will move to-morrow, the 29th instant, at sunrise, to take its position as indicated in Special Orders, Numbers 8, from these headquarters, of 22nd instant.

IV. The Twenty-third Brigade, Colonel Duffield commanding, will march to-morrow, the 29th instant, to take its position as indicated in Special Orders, Numbers 8, from these headquarters, March 22.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 28, 1862.

CHARLES ELLET, Jr., Esq.,

Monongahela House, Pittsburgh:

Unless for imperative reasons, do not confine your work to one locality. Give a portion to Cincinnati and New Albany, so as to avoid the imputation of local favoritism, and also to bring out the whole mechanical energy of the Ohio Valley. Proceed as speedily as you can to Cincinnati. The Board of Trade there are ready to act energetically Cincinnati. The Board of Trade there are ready to act energetically with you. Confer with Mr. Butler, the president of the board, at Cincinnati, with whom I am in communication. Report daily to me.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, March 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

This place, as I conceived, has almost been left defenseless by General Buell. There are a few regiments left in detached positions without on single piece of artillery. There are one or two regiments at Camp Chase, Ohio, and one at Lexington, Ky., that might be forwarded to this point. In addition to the forces here there should be one brigade complete. In this opinion Brigadier-General Dumont, left in command, most fully concurs.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

CAIRO, ILL., March 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Columbus must be fortified, to provide any mishap at points below. Ten heavy columbiads and ten Dahlgren rifles should be sent

