
tion whatever as to number of your troops advancing on the Tennessee. Your report says 90,000 troops of the Cumberland, but I have no information as to their disposition. Of course Nashville must be properly secured. This under no circumstances must be neglected. There must be some defect in mail arrangements. Yours of the 14th received; 26th and 23rd yet received. Please number your telegrams and give hour of starting.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Savannah, March 30, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Some half dozen deserters from Corinth came into Pittsburg to-day. One represents the number of troops there at seventy-five regiments, and the others say the whole number is usually represented at 80,000 men. They describe the discontent as being very great among the troops and rations short. Many men will desert if an opportunity occurs. The rebels are burning cotton and gins, without regard to the proclivities of owners on the Union question. I permitted some 40 bales to be shipped to Louisville to-day on account of owners, 17 of which are the property of a secessionist. There is no evidence, however, of his having given aid and comfort to the enemy, and he now pledges himself nod to do so. The majority belongs to a Mr. Cherry, a prominent citizen, and one who has taken a prominent stand for the Union from the start. The secessionists have already burned some 60 bales for him, and will likely burn much more, as the greater part of it is some 8 miles west of the river and below here. Under the instructions I have, I could not give all the protection to this species of property that seems needful.

The health of this command is materially improving under a genial sun and influence of good water. I would respectfully ask for instructions as to privilege to be allowed citizens in shipping their produce North. If I have done wrong in this matter the necessary correction can be made, as this will or should reach Saint Louis before the cotton arrives at Louisville. The cotton was shipped on the steamer John Raine.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CAIRO, March 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I wrote you last evening, but no mail leaves until to-morrow morning. Your orders respecting the fortifications at Columbus going on expeditiously under the immediate charge of Lieutenant Lyford, who has gone down to Columbus to-day to commence preliminary work there. Good deal of heaving about of the enemy in the rear of Columbus and Hickman. Their force at Union City supposed to be 3,000 or 4,000. Have ordered a battalion of cavalry to go by land to-day from Paducah across to Columbus. Have instructed Colonel Buford to keep his force on hand, ready for any emergency. There should be another regiment of infantry at Columbus well armed. The one now there is

