
poorly armed and badly disciplined. I have sent General Pope this morning two more light-draught steamers, making seven boats in all now there for his use, besides three or four barges. Everything he has ordered has been promptly supplied. Colonel Scott came up this morning from Numbers 10; no news. Heavy cannonading heard in the neighborhood of New Madrid.

WM. K. STRONG,

Brigadier-General.

[MARCH 30, 1862.-For Halleck's summary of the strength of his command, see Series I, Vol. VIII, p. 649.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Columbia:

It is necessary, to determine operations here, that this Department should know: 1st. What operations are designed for Morgan's (late Garfield's) and the force in that command. 2nd. Whether you intend to occupy any, and what, point on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, and at what time that object will be accomplished. Please answer without delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 31, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Columbia:

I am anxiously waiting your answer to my questions of yesterday. Disposition of forces here is depending upon your contemplated movements. Time is urgent.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, TENN., March 31, 1862-11 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The force assigned to General Morgan consists of ten regiments of infantry, two batteries, and five companies of cavalry, besides two regiments of Tennesseeans, now about organized and received by General Carter. Further re-enforcements will no doubt be obtained in the same way. He has orders to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy; to advance upon him, and penetrate East Tennessee if his force is sufficient, and, if not, to hold the enemy in check, and take advantage of the first opportunity. The superior facilities of the enemy for re-enforcing in East Tennessee render it impossible to give more positive instructions with the force we have in Kentucky. Two regiments of infantry and two companies of cavalry at

-----

are intended to guard

6 R R-VOL X, PT II

