
against incursions from Virginia into Eastern Kentucky. Morgan's force is the only one at present whose operations look to the occupation of the Tennessee and Virginia Railroad. The movements of the enemy, and in fact the plans of General Halleck, require every man that can be had for Middle Tennessee and the Tennessee River.

D. C. BUELL,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 31, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding on Tennessee River:

The question of rank between General Smith and McClernand has been referred to the Secretary of War, and will probably be answered to-morrow. I know nothing about it, except that General McClellan directed me to place General Smith in command of the expedition until you were ordered to join it.

I hope to get most of the troops fitted out and forwarded so as to reach you about the time Buell's main force gets within supporting distance. Give me more information about enemy's number and positions. Your scouts and spies ought by this time to have given you something approximating to the facts of the case. A pontoon train will probably be shipped to-morrow or the day after. A number of regiments have been sent without the usual means of transportation. It is supposed that you may be able to supply them there from those sent from Cincinnati. If not, they will serve to guard the depot till transportation can be sent from here. We have completely exhausted present supply.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Savannah, March 31, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Two soldiers from the head of General McCook's column came in this evening, bearing General Halleck's dispatch of the 24th instant,* but no other message. Some of the command crossed Duck River on the 29th, and established guards 8 miles out that night. This is the sum and substance of information collected from the messengers sent. The telegraph will probably the through from here to Columbia this week. This is what the superintendent says. The armored gunboat from Nashville arrived here this evening. I have ordered her, with the two others, up the Tennessee to-morrow, to take and destroy the batteries established near Chickasaw. General Sherman accompanies, with one regiment of infantry, two companies of cavalry, and one section of artillery. General Sherman's instructions are not to engage any force that would likely make a stand against him, but if the batteries ar unsupported by other than artillery troops, to take or destroy them.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

*To Buell.

