HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,April 1, 1862.

General J. S. NEGLEY,

Commanding at Columbia:

GENERAL: Your command extends to all troops in and about this place and Mount Pleasant.

Post two regiments of infantry, two pieces of artillery, and two companies of cavalry near Mount Pleasant under your most reliable officer; one company at the bridges at this place to guard and keep them in order; one company in the town as a provost guard, and one company where the cars come to the river.

Establish the rest of your command about 2 miles out, between the Mount Pleasant and Pulaski roads. The convalescents at the barracks will be organized into companies and battalions under officers and non-commissioned officers; will be required to drill from one to three hours a day, according to their condition; perform regular guard duty and observe all the requirements of a regular garrison; and will be employed for defense in case of an attack.

No officer or soldier will, under any circumstances, be allowed to enter the town or leave their camp ground or barracks except on duty, and any one so offending will immediately be arrested and tried.

Keep out strong advance guards and observe the strictest vigilance and precaution against an attack. Inform yourself carefully of every movement of the enemy. If threatened by a greatly superior force, concentrate your whole force at this place to meet an attack, and if your are still not strong enough to resist, advise General Mitchel and General Dumont for your situation.

Enforce the strictest discipline and attention to duty in every part of your command. I shall hope to hear of no depredations upon the persons and property of citizens, and if any occur, I shall expect to hear that they have been dealt with in the most prompt and rigorous manner. The efficiency and discipline of your command cannot otherwise be preserved. Your position is a very important one, and will require the utmost vigilance and discretion.

Send back to Nashville in the cars all the sick that can be moved and are not likely to be fit for duty soon. The convalescents are to be sent forward to their regiments when called for or when a force is required to move over the road for any purpose. Keep open the communication with the advance both by courier and by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 2, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

Your letter of 23rd March just received. Something wrong in mails. It is said that there are troops still at Camp Chase; if so, why not bring them to Nashville? Your disposition for defense of that place seems judicious. I leave the matter entirely to your own judgment. I have sent twenty pontoons to General Grant. Will send more if required.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

