HEADQUARTERS SHERMAN'S DIVISION,April 2, 1862.

Colonel STUART,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: I wish you to send Colonel Smith's regiment to-night, under cover of darkness, along up Lick Creek to the vicinity of Greer's; to keep well under cover, and to take prisoners all they encounter, especially all who would give notice of them being there. Let them be careful to take a good guide, and not return by the road they go.

I will order out a cavalry force, whose direction will drive any of the enemy's pickets down in that direction. They must keep close and not straggle and be at Greer's at daylight; if nothing happens, to return after the sun is an hour high.

Send me word back when they return.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SHERMAN'S DIVISION,April 2, 1862.

Colonel TAYLOR:

SIR: I want you to start about midnight as strong a party as you can mount to go out the Corinth road about 6 miles, and there turn to the left or south, to drive any of the enemy's pickets toward Greer's. Don't cross Lick Creek unless in pursuit. I send an infantry regiment, under cover of night, to Greer's to catch any party, they may find.

Bring in every suspicious person. Order the officer in charge to return, unless he encounters some party, when the sun is an hour high.

The movements must be rapid. I send an aide to explain.

I am, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 33. Savannah, April 2, 1862.

The artillery and cavalry of this command will hereafter from a part of divisions and not be attached to brigades. The following assignments are hereby made:

To the First Division, Major General J. A. McClernand commanding, four independent companies of cavalry, one battalion of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, Schwartz's, McAllister's, Burrows', and Dresser's batteries.

To the Second Division, Major General C. F. Smith commanding, two companies regular cavalry, two companies of Second Illinois Cavalry, and third battalion of Fifth Ohio Cavalry, Willard's battery, and three Missouri batteries under Major Cavender.

To the Third Division, Major General L. Wallace commanding, Bulliss', Thompson's, Stone's, and Markgraf's batteries, and the third battalion of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry.

Tot the Fourth Division, Brigadier General S. A. Hurlbut commanding, Mann's, Myers', and Ross' batteries, and the first and second battalions Fifth Ohio Cavalry.

