SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GEN.'S OFFICE,Numbers 47. Washington, March 5, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty in the Department of the Ohio, and will report to Brigadier-General Buell.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 5, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

Have just received report from Garfield, 24th ultimo. Arrived at Piketon on 22d. That night river rose 60 feet and destroyed nearly all his stores. Has with him Twenty-second Kentucky, Fortieth and Forty-second Ohio. On his approach to Piketon, Humphrey Marshall retreated from Whitesburg through Sounding Gap, and has fortified on the Cumberland Ridge; said to be in considerable force. Garfield will push forward as soon as he can retrieve his losses. His scouts have been out 18 miles without finding an enemy. I send a copy of his letter by today's mail.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Camp Brownlow, March 5, 1862.

Captain DANIEL GARRARD,

Twenty-second Kentucky Volunteers:

DEAR SIR: You will proceed to-morrow morning with the force placed under your command, by the shortest route, to the point where the main road to the Pound Gap intersects the Elkhorn Creek. You will proceed thence down the Elkhorn to its mouth, scouting the valley thoroughly, and thence return to this place.

The object of your expedition is to capture or drive out a predatory band of rebels under the command of Captain Menifee, who is also acting as scout for Marshall. You are ordered to take possession of all arms of active secessionists in the vicinity through which you pass, and also capture and bring to these headquarters all who are found in arms or actively aiding the rebellion.

I particularly desire you to gather all the information in your power of the whereabouts of General Marshall or any force in the vicinity of Pound Gap. You are specially charged to keep your men from committing any outrages upon the persons or property of citizens. Make thorough work of it, and return within four days. On your return you will make a full report to me in writing.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

FORT HENRY, March 6, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

All the transports here will be loaded and off to-day if the gunboats

