HEADQUARTERS SHERMAN'S DIVISION,Camp Shiloh, April 3, 1862.

Captain JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Steamboat Tigress:

SIR: I inclose herewith report of Colonel Taylor of his scout last night,* and send, in charge of a guard, with one of my aides, Captain Taylor, the two prisoners-one prisoner of the First Alabama Cavalry, and the other a citizen, Dr. Parkes. Colonel Taylor is a most intelligent officer, and is fully impressed with General Grant's views relative to the unjust arrest of citizens. My orders to him were to molest no citizen, farmer, or mechanic he found at home or engaged in his usual legitimate pursuits. But this Dr. Parkes he found at a farmhouse on his way out, and afterward found him beyond with attending circumstances to show he had given the other pickets warning whom I expected near Greer's.

My plan was to post in ambush Colonel Smith's regiment of Zouaves at Greer's, on Lick Creek. They started at 8 o'clock p.m. last night, with two excellent guides. The cavalry of Colonel Taylor was to make the Corinth road and turn toward Greer's.

He executed his orders, capturing one of the enemy's pickets, whom I send forthwith for General Grant to question, as he is pretty intelligent. The Dr. Parkes I also advise should be held prisoner for having given important information to the enemy.

I have yet no reports from Colonel Smith, and expect him back momentarily, when I will communicate the result of his scout.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Camp Shiloh, April 3, 1862.

Colonel BUCKLAND,

Commanding Fourth Brigade:

SIR: You may march your entire brigade to-day forward on the Corinth road about 3 miles, by way of drill and instructions. When you reach the hill, send companies as skirmishers to the right and left a mile or so.

Do not molest people quietly at their usual occupation as farmers, mechanics, but all persons armed, uniformed, or suspicious bring in as prisoners.

Keep your men together unless detached as companies, and allow no firing unless you encounter an enemy.

I am, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Crump's Landing, April 4, 1862.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General:

The news of the re-enforcement of the rebel troops at Purdy is confirmed. There are now eight regiments of infantry and 1,200 cavalry

---------------

*See Part I, p. 86.

---------------

