
at that town, with an equal if not larger body at Bethel, 4 miles back of it. The object of the movements is not known. As a measure of precaution I would respectfully ask the general to hasten down to me the batteries newly assigned to my division, to wit, Stone's and Markgraf's.

Be pleased also to send me such blanks of every description as you can conveniently spare.

LEW. WALLACE,

General, Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Pittsburg, April 4, 1862.

Brigadier General W. H. L. WALLACE,

Commanding Second Division:

Please send out order immediately to have Stone's and Markgraf's batteries join Major General L. Wallace's command at Crump's Landing at an early hour to-morrow.

These are new batteries that have been sent up recently and I do not know where they have been temporarily assigned. It is believed that the enemy are re-enforcing at Purdy, and it may be necessary to re-enforce General Wallace to avoid his being attacked by a superior force. Should you find danger of this sort, re-enforce him at once with your entire division.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Pittsburg, April 4, 1862.

General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifth Division:

Information just received would indicate that the enemy are sending in a force to Purdy and it may be with a view to attack General Wallace at Crump's Landing. I have directed General W. H. L. Wallace, commanding Second Division temporarily, to re-enforce General L. Wallace in case of an attack with his entire division, although I look for nothing of the kind, but it is best to be prepared.

I would direct, therefore, that you advise your advance guards to keep a sharp lookout for any movement in that direction, and should such a thing be attempted, give all the support of your division and General Hurlbut's, if necessary. I will return to Pittsburg at an early hour to-morrow, and will ride out to your camp.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP THREE MILES WEST OF WAYNESBOROUGH,

April 4, 1862.

General GRANT, Savannah:

I shall be in Savannah myself to-morrow with one, perhaps two, divisions. Can I meet you there? Have you any information for me that should affect my movements? What of your enemy and your

