
 [CHAP. XXII.
relative positions; what force at Florence or Corinth? We will require forage as soon as we arrive and provisions in two or three days after.

Has a steamer arrived with a bridge for me?

D. C. BUELL,

Commanding.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Numbers 19 April 4, 1862.

I. In case of alarm, night or day, regiments and brigades should form promptly on their parade grounds and await orders. Of course, if attacked, the immediate commanders present must give the necessary orders for defense.

II. In case of an attack on the advance pickets they should fire and fall back on the guard posted between them and the main brigade guard. This guard should hold their ground, and, if necessary, be re-enforced from the nearest regiment by the brigadier; but in no event should a brigadier go beyond his advance pickets without orders of the division commander. By being thus drawn forward we lose the advantage of position and artillery. The brigade commander should remain with his brigade and direct its movements.

III. The regiment to-day went out in gray flannel shirts, which at a distance of 100 yards resemble the secession uniform. Commanders of regiments must never leave their camps for action unless their men wear the blue coat, jacket, or blouse.

IV., Detachments should be made as seldom as possible, and then chiefly to guard points along a plain road. There is more danger in sending a single company off to the right or left of a marching column than in receiving the fire of a regiment. These conclusions were illustrated by the events of to-day.

By order of Brigadier General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH DIV., ARMY IN THE FIELD,Numbers 18. April 4, 1862.

In pursuance to Orders, Numbers 33, Headquarters District of West Tennessee, April 2, 1862, the following changes are made in this division:

1. All batteries and detachments of cavalry now attached to this division or hereafter to be attached will not be reported with brigades, but will make separate morning reports direct to division headquarters.

2. Colonel Taylor, commanding Fifth Ohio Cavalry, now attached to this division, having been transferred to the Fourth Division, will report his command to Brigadier-General Hurlbut.

3. Captain Emil Munch, Minnesota battery, having been assigned to the Sixth Division, will report forthwith to Brigadier-General Prentiss.

4. Captain Stone, commanding battery in the Second Brigade, will report forthwith to his immediate commander, Major Cavender, and through him to Major-General Smith, commanding Second Division.

Taylor's and Waterhouse's batteries, Morton's Indiana battery, and two battalions of Fourth Illinois Cavalry, having been assigned to this division, will constitute separate commands, under the charge of the

