
directed that if the enemy are found retreating, information will be at once sent to Generals McClernand and Sherman, who will immediately advance with a portion of their force in support of the reconnaissance. It will not be practicable to move artillery. If the enemy are retreating, and can be made to hasten across the low lands between here and Pea Ridge, they will probably be forced to abandon their artillery and baggage. Will you be good enough to order your cavalry to follow on the Corinth road and give two or three of your fresh brigades to follow in support.

P. S.-Information has just reached me that the enemy have retreated.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, April 8, 1862-1 p.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

General Pope has crossed the river. Captured all enemy's works, including Island Numbers 10, which is now in our possession, and also the enemy's large floating (14-gun) battery. Our victory is complete. No details yet received. I leave to join you to-morrow. Send this to General Buell.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

(Similar dispatch to Buell.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: My telegram of to-day will have informed you of the capture of Island Numbers 10 and the enemy's batteries in that vicinity. This opens the Mississippi River to Randolph, and General Pope is of opinion that he can land and take that place, and then proceed to Memphis. Whether this plan will be adopted, or whether General Pope's main force will be transferred to the Tennessee River, cannot be decided till I can obtain better information as to the enemy's strength in the vicinity of Corinth. General Grant's dispatches [do not] give me any satisfactory information. I am now of opinion that General Pope, by moving on Memphis, will produce a powerful diversion in favor of our attack on Corinth, and I shall therefore have transports prepared to move General Pope's army down the river, changing its destination to the Tennessee, if I find it necessary on my arrival there.

Van Dorn's force at last account was at Yellville, moving on Jacksonport or Pocahontas, and Price's army was marching from Dover in same direction. General Curtis was following on their flank in direction of Salem, Ark. General Steele has been halted at Pitman's Ferry, and directed to hold himself in readiness to co-operate with Curtis. Their joint forces are about 30,000. Those of the enemy are estimated at from 35,000 to 40,000. Many of their troops have been pressed into service and are not very willing to fight. I therefore think that, with the troops scattered through the different counties, Missouri may be regarded as safe, or at least not seriously threatened. If we take Mem-

