
Number 31.

Report of Brigadier General Stephen D. Lee, c. S. Army, commanding SECOND Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, Stevenson'S DIVISION, Demopolis, ALA., July 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the battle of Baker's Creek, on May 16, by the Alabama brigade-SECOND Brigade, Stevenson's DIVISION-consisting of the following commands, viz: Twentieth Alabama Regiment, colonel I. W. Garrott, twenty-THIRD Alabama Regiment, colonel F. K. Beck; Thirtieth Alabama Regiment, Harrington; Forty-sixth Alabama Regiment, lieutenant Colonel T. M. Arrington; Forty-sixth Alabama Regiment, colonel M. L. Woods, and Waddell's battery, captain J. F. Waddell. On the evening of May 15, the army, under the command of Lieutenant-General Pemberton, commenced moving toward the enemy from Edwards Depot in the direction of Raymond, my brigade occupying in the line of march the SECOND position from the rear. The army marched during the greater part of the night, halting a short time before daylight at a point about 6 miles from Edwards Depot. Soon after daylight on the 16th, the army commenced retrograde movement over the same route it had taken on the preceding night, for the purpose of forming a junction on the north side of the railroad with the forces under command of General Joseph E. Johnston, general Johnson having evacuated Jackson and moved toward Canton. About 6 a. m. Major-General Stevenson ordered me to move rapidly with MAY brigade and relieve Colonel [A. W.]Reynolds' brigade on the Edwards Depot and Clinton road, which was done at about 7. 30 a. m. ; skirmishers from Reynolds' brigade being at that time engaged with those of the enemy on two roads, one leading from Clinton and the other from Raymond. By 8 o'clock my brigade was in line of battle and skirmishing on both roads, the position occupied by the brigade being on the extreme left of our line. At about 9 o'clock it was discovered that the enemy was massing troops on the left, evidently for the purpose of turning our left flank and getting between our army and Edwards Depot. My brigade was at once marched (under fire) by the left flank for the purpose of checking the enemy, and information of his movements and the corresponding change of my line was immediately sent to the major-general commanding, with the request that the gap on my right should be filled by the other troops. Similar movements on my part were frequently made commanding being in each case notified of my change of position, and of the continued efforts of the enemy to turn our left. Captain Waddell's battery, which had been placed in position on the Raymond road, and a section of Johnston's battery, which had been posted on the Clinton road, had during the earlier part of the day been supported by my these guns were left to the right of my brigade, and were subsequently supported by General Cumming's brigade. As early as 10 o'clock in the morning it became evident that the enemy was in heavy force and determined on battle, as his skirmishers were bold and aggressive, and several DIVISION of his troops were visible in front of our left. At about 2 p. m. he advanced in force on my center and left, but was

