
on the Clinton road, and support the cavalry at that point under command of Colonel [Wirt] Adams; but before arriving there I found that the enemy already held the bridge with a large force, and I accordingly retreated toward the Big Black Brigade, where the brigade arrived about 10 p. m. Notwithstanding the defeat at Baker's Creek, there were many exhibition of personal bravery on the part of officers and men of my command. I would particularly mention the conduct of Colonels Garrott, beck, Shelley, and Woods; of Lieutenant-Colonels Kyle (Forty-sixth Alabama),[E. W.]Pettus,(Twentieth Alabama), and [J. B] Smith (Thirtieth Alabama); Majors Handley (Forty-sixth Alabama), and [Thomas H.]Patterson (Thirtieth Alabama); Captains Waddell and [J. W.] Johnston (commanding batters), and [David M.]Anderson (Thirtieth Alabama Regiment) also particularly attracted my attention. The above names are those of the person who came under my personal observation. Other instances of gallantry are mentioned in the reports which are inclosed. Of my personal staff I would particularly mentioned Cap. William Elliot, my assistant adjutant-general, for his conspicuous gallantry. During the latter part of the day he bore the colors of the Thirty-fourth Georgia, which he brought out of the action, the gallant color-bearer having been killed. Colonel D. S. Stith acted with coolness and gallantry; also Lieutenant H. N. Martin, acting aide-de-camp, and Captain J. R. Curell and Lieutenant [S. M] Underhill, volunteer aides-de-camp. List of casualties has already been sent in.

Yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stevenson's DIVISION.

Number 32. Report of Brigadier General A. Cumming, c. S. Army, commanding THIRD Brigade. HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Stevenson'S DIVISION, enterprise, July 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade, commencing with the battle of Baker's Creek and terminating with the capitulation of Vicksburg: On the afternoon of May 15, the brigade left the line of battle for the two days previous established in front of Edwards Depot, and proceeded in the direction of Raymond, crossing Baker's Creek at the brigade over that stream. A short distance beyond the brigade the line of march led from the Raymond road into a neighborhood rad passing to the right, and at about a mile distant from the point of separation on the two roads the brigades of the DIVISION, no line of battle being here established. Shortly after sunrise on the morning of May 16, orders were given to this DIVISION by Major-General Stevenson to re-traverse a portion of

