
Barton's brigade, originally on my right, had in the mean time been moved toward the extreme left, thus leaving my right entirely exposed. This compelled the two right regiments, when they finally fell back, to proceed as far as the farm house in front of our first position before commencing their reorganization. The other regiments of the brigade fell back and reformed on the Raymond road, the two left regiments(the Thirty-NINTH and Thirty-fourth Georgia) making no stand till they reached that road. Here portions of my three left regiments, and a line lied, together with portions of one or more of Lee's regiments, and a line was formed along this road. While engaged in forming this line we were not pressed by the enemy, who would seem to have been similarly occupied. About this time a Missouri brigade approached the battle-field from the right, and went in on the ground previously occupied by the extreme right of my brigade. As soon as they had completed their reorganization, the FIFTY-seventh Georgia Regiment, and shortly afterward the FIFTY-sixth, now commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [T. J.]Slaughter, accompanied this movement, and went in on the right of the Missourians. These regiments here hotly engaged the enemy, and, particularly beyond the line on which drove him for a time, advanced considerably beyond the line on which they had first encountered him in the morning. They only withdrew on the general order being given to this effect. The three regiments which formed on the Raymond road as their SECOND line having been brought into some kind of order, and Barton's brigade, on the left, having gone in and engaged the enemy, these regiments immediately thereupon advanced into the wood in their front, and formed abreast with Barton, engaging the enemy on ground near that originally held by Lee. The contest here was sharp and severe for a time, but of short duration. The enemy, flushed with his previous success, and in number much superior to ours, drove our men apparently along the whole DIVISION front; slowly a first, afterwards more rapidly, till on reaching the road the flight became precipitate. On this occasion scattered bands of them crossed the road in close pursuit of the fugitives. After this it became impossible to rally them again, though strenuous efforts were made to do so several hundred yards from the road. In this, as in the first and more successful effort to rally, I was greatly assisted by Captain Johnston, whose battery was lost in the first action. The flight was continued toward the lower bridge and reported to General Barton, whom I found there. Remaining there until nearly sunset, the bridge was then destroyed, or portions of two brigades assembled, the enemy's advanced was held in check till the train was destroyed and the army had nearly passed the depot by the other road. We then continued the retreat unmolested to the other side of Big Black. I received valuable assistance from the members of my staff, who were all at different times in hottest parts of the fight. The regimental commanders and field officers, though their efcessful, without an exception acted with great courage and judgment, as did also, as a general thing, the company officers. The list of casualties has hitherto been given. To recapitulate, I make the following statement: The brigade went into action about 2,500 strong. Its losses are as

