
follows: Killed, 142; wounded, 314; MISSING, 539; total, 995. Of the numbers reported MISSING it is probable about 200 were killed of wounded. This brigade took no part in the battle of Big Black. Leaving Bovina os Sunday, it entered Vicksburg the same evening (MAY 17.)On the morning of the 18th, it moved into the trenches, where it remained without relief for forty-seven days, until the capitulation of the city on July 4. Its right rested on and included the Hall's Ferry road, its left extending to the square fort held by General Lee's right. No assault was made by the enemy along the brigade front during the continuation of the siege. An almost unremitting fire of sharpshooters was kept up during all hours of daylight during the whole time, varied by occasional brisk cannonading. The enemy's rifle-pits in time were so extended as to almost entirely envelop the brigade front, and were generally about 150 yards distant. At the redoubts on the Halls Ferry road, however, they had approached much neared, and were in possession of the foot of the slope on which one of the redoubts was constructed, about 70 yards distant, at which point they were shielded by the configuration of the ground from the fire of the work. Sorties were made upon this point at two different times. Lieutenant-Colonel [C. S] Guyton, FIFTY-seventh Georgia, commanding on each occasion, and on each a degree of success was attained, in the SECOND the enemy being badly beaten, leaving 8 or 10 dead on the field, and losing about the same number (one a lieutenant-colonel) in prisoners. It was finally deemed advisable, however, to leave the point to be occupied by them. At the time of the capitulation they had commenced to mine at this point, as also at another in front of the FIFTY-sixth Georgia. At the first named of these points we were constructing a counter-mine. The list of casualties has been herefore given. They are as follows: Total killed and wounded, were killed.

Respectfully submitted.

A. Cumming, brigadier-General, commanding THIRD Brigade.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Stevenson's DIVISION.

Number 33. Report of Colonel A. W. Reynolds. C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade. HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, Demopolis, Ala., July 27, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions from the headquarters of Major-General Stevenson, commanding DIVISION, to report the part taken by my brigade in the action at Baker's Creek and siege of Vicksburg, I have the honor respectfully to report as follows: My brigade-consisting of the Forty-THIRD Tennessee Regiment, colonel [J. W.]Gillespie; Thirty-first Tennessee Regiment, colonel [W. M.]Bradford; THIRD Tennessee Regiment [P. A.], colonel [N. J.]Lillard; FIFTY-NINTH Tennessee Regiment, colonel [W. L.]Eakin, and the THIRD Maryland Battery, captain F. O. Claiborne-left Edwards Depot, on the Southern of Jackson Railroad, at 12 o'clock on the night of May 15, as the rear guard of the army commanded by Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton, the marching in the direction of Raymond. The rear of the train and my command reached the junction of the Clinton and Raymond roads about daylight on the morning of the 16th,

