
In the mean time the enemy were rapidly advancing on the right, in order of battle almost perpendicular to our own, and I was thus forced to withdraw, which was done in good order. Retreating to and crossing in position, so as to protect the crossing and enable General Loring's DIVISION to cross over, and then to move on to Big Black. While delaying here, the enemy, having crossed the creek above us, advanced and placed a battery in position to command the road from this crossing to Edwards Depot, and immediately a brisk fire was opened from this battery. A short time after this battery began to fire, I heard commands given to troops at the crossing, indicating that they were marching back. I immediately hastened to the crossing, and found Major-General Stevenson and staff and Colonel [T. M] Scott's Twelfth Louisiana Regiment going back with the belief that the enemy had gained the road and cut them off. I informed General Stevenson that this brigade was there and what my orders were. He and Colonel Scott's regiment immediately crossed over, and Colonel Scott moved . After this regiments passed, seeing no other troops coming to cross (not even stragglers), and believing that the enemy probably occupied the road to Edwards Depot, I moved the brigade, leaving the road to Edwards Depot to my right, and after marching under cover of darkness through plantations, along and across ravines, and leaving Edwards Depot to my right, I intersected the road from Edwards Depot to Big Black, and then marched inside, and by direction of Brigadier-General Vaughn bivouacked in rear of the defenses south of the railroad, soon after leaving my position at the crossing of Baker's Creek, I saw Colonel Scott's regiment marching back, and was informed that General Loring had ordered this batteries of this brigade not to halt at the crossing, but move rapidly to Big Black, and not a gun was lost. In this battle this brigade suffered heavy losses in killed, wounded, and MISSING, as will appear by the following statement:

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

1st Missouri	 29	 94	 52	 175

2nd Missouri	 10	 35	 38	 83

3rd Missouri	 13	 63	 44	 120

5th Missouri	 4	 49	 37	 90

6th Missouri	 5	 49	 67	 121

Wade Battery	 ---	 2	 2	 4

Landis' battery	 4	 1	 ---	 5

Guibor's battery	 ---	 ---	 2	 2

Total	 65	 293	 242	 600

Among the killed and wounded were many of our best officers. All the killed fell at their post in the full and fearless discharge of their whole duty. Among the slain of this well-embattled field must ever be held in lively remembrance the brave and fearless Captains [W. C. P.]Carrington and [Norval] Spangler and Lieutenant [T. J] Dobyns, of the First Missouri Infantry, and Captain [William P.]McIlvane, of the THIRD Missouri Infantry; and among the wounded (who afterward died), lieutenant Colonel F. L. Hubbell, of the THIRD Missouri, commanding five companies

