
of skirmishers, and Captain [H. G.]McKinney, of the FIFTH Missouri Infantry, and Lieutenant [R. S.]Ranking, of the First Missouri Infantry. I cannot speak with too much praise of the gallantry, coolness, and dashing, fearless, and even reckless impetuosity shown by the officers and soldiers of this brigade in forming their line of battle under heavy fire, with the troops on their right and left falling back past them in disorder and confusion, and an enemy greatly outnumbering them rapidly advancing, cheering and flushed with their hitherto successful charges and their capture of the guns, and then, in the midst of these, in throwing themselves into the breach with continued cheers, and driving the enemy back 500 to 600 yards, and recapturing Captain Waddell's battery and a battery of the enemy. With special commendation I mention the names of Colonel Riley and Lieutenant-Colonel [Hugh A.]Garland, of the First Missouri Infantry, and Lieutenant -Colonel [Pembroke S.]Sentey and Major [T. M.]Carter, of the SECOND Missouri Infantry, and Colonel [W. R.]Gause and Major [J. K.]McDowell, of the THIRD Missouri Infantry, and Colonel McCown, lieutenant-Colonel [R. S.]Bevier, and Major [O. A.]Waddell, of the FIFTH Missouri Infantry, and Major [Stephen] Cooper, commanding the Sixth Missouri Infantry. Captain Upton M. Young, acting with me, was severely wounded at the post of duty and danger. My acting adjutant (J. M. Flanagan)and my acting aide (r. L. Maupin) merit special mention for their coolness and discretion amid dangers.

BATTLE OF BIG BLACK.

On the morning of MAY, 17, I received an order from General Bowen that his DIVISION would remain on the east side of Big Black. I communicated with, and reported to Brigadier-General Vaugh, and, by his direction, I relieved all that portion of his line or brigade in the rifle pits south of the railroad and as far toward our right as the bayou. This was early in the morning, and the brigade was at once placed in this line. Brigadier-General Vaughn and Green occupied the rifle-pits north of the railroad, general Green's brigade being on the left. The battery horses on my line were sent so far to the rear I do not know. The enemy soon appeared in my front, advancing a line of skirmishers and opening on us with two batteries, and soon a line of the enemy's infantry began to move toward my lin, when the batteries opened on them and drove them back in confusion. After a lively skirmish fire had been kept u; p for some time along our whole front, I saw the line between the railroad and the first skirt of timber north of the railroad beginning to give way, and the running in disorder. I watched this disorderly falling back a few moments, when I saw the enemy had possession of the trenches north of the railroad, and were rapidly advancing toward the bridge, our only crossing and way of escape, the enemy now being the bridge, our only crossing and way of escape, the enemy now being nearer this crossing than my line. I therefore ordered the brigade to fall back, and, moving rapidly, gained the bridge, crossed over, and reformed on the WEST bank of the river north of the railroad. A portion of my command being cut off from the bridge, swam the river and rejoined their command. In crossing the bridge I lost 2 men killed by the enemy's shell. Captains Guibor's and Lieutenant Walsh's batteries were necessarily abandoned. Lieutenant Langan's battery not being in the trenches, was

8 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

