
wing, and over which we retreated that evening after our defeat, general Stevenson's DIVISION having been driven from the bridge referred to on his left. After about one hour's cannonading between the cavalry and enemy above referred to, this cavalry retired through my line, and about 10 a. m. a line of the enemy appeared in my front, distant about half a mile, and I opened on them with two of my batteries, and soon engaged and drove away a battery of the enemy. This was the first cannonading between our lines and the enemy, except the cavalry skirmish referred to, and, in fact, the opening of the battle. The enemy never advanced farther in my front. Between 11 and 12 o'clock the firing began of General Stevenson's front, skirmishing and cannonading as I judged from the sound, and I suppose it was nearly 12 m. Before General Stevenson's line became hotly engaged. About 1 p. m. I was ordered to his support. After the defeat we crossed over Baker's Creek at the ford referred to, general Tilghman's brigade holding the enemy in check on our right till we crossed Loring's DIVISION excepted. After the defeat our army(except Loring's DIVISION)crossed over Baker's Creek, and I would say that, in my opinion, our whole army could safety have crossed back over Baker's Creek after the cannonading between the cavalry referred to and even after the engagement between my batteries and the enemy referred to. After crossing Baker's Creek, there could have been, in my opinion, no trouble in reaching Edwards Depot (only a short distance), and with Baker's Creek then between us and the enemy. I had no official information as to the nearness of the enemy on the evening of the 5th instant (the evening before the battle), and can only given my own observations. As to the time the battle began, I only speak from recollection, but think I am very nearly correct; and as to whether the army could have reached Edwards Depot by returning as soon as the pnemy was discovered, I can only give my own opinion from my knowledge of the position of our own lines and the two crossings referred to.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. COCKRELL, brigadier-General.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 35. Report of Colonel Thomas P. Dockery, nineteenth Arkansas Infantry SECOND Brigade. HEADQUARTERS, Enterprise, MISS, July 29, 1863.

SIR: Although not the ranking officer, yet, in obedience to the order of the lieutenant-general commanding, I submit the following as the report of the action of the SECOND Brigade, Bowen's DIVISION, in the battle of Champion's Hill, or Baker's Creek, on MAY last: On May 12, the brigade was ordered into position in the ditches at Big Black, colonel [Elijah] Gates, with his regiment (the First Missouri Cavalry) and section of artillery, being on picket near Edwards Depot.

