
At 3 a. m. on the 13th, the brigade was ordered to move to Edwards Depot, and take a strong position about a mile from town, on the Port Gibson road, and hold it to the last. Accordingly, the brigade moved the Port Gibson road. After marching about 2. 1/2 miles, general Bowen joined General Green. At this point the First Battalion Arkansas Cavalry (dismounted), sharpshooters, was deployed as skirmisher, and the brigade ordered to countermarch. It moved back about three-quarters of a mile, and formed in line of battle on the left of the Port Gibson road. About noon General Loring sent an order to General Green to advance his skirmishers and feel of the enemy. The skirmishers and pickets were thrown forward, and soon engaged those of the enemy near Fourteen-Mile Creek. After a few minutes' skirmishing, the enemy fell back. All attempts to draw him out from the creek to move in the direction of Raymond, on the military road. The brigade moved back to Edwards Depot; from thence across Baker's Creek on the Clinton road. After crossing the creek, the brigade moved on a right-hand road, crossing a plantation, and about 11 p. m. bivouacked for the night in line of battle, the right of the brigade resting on the Raymond road. About sunrise on the morning of the 16th, the pickets being engaged, the brigade was ordered to move back about 200 yards to the crest of the hill, and there form line of battle. After remaining in this position about three-quarters of an hour, general Buford took the ground occupied by the DIVISION, and the brigade, was ordered to move to the rear, to be held in reserve. Accordingly, it was moved in line of battle about three-quarters of a mile, when the line was again formed. As soon as done, the brigade was ordered to advance, bearing to the left flank to its support. After moving about a mile, the DIVISION of Major-General Stevenson was met, having been repulsed, and closely pursued by the enemy. The troops were formed between our retreating force and the advancing foe, and charged the enemy. The fighting now became desperate. The enemy finally gave way. The formation of the country was such that the troops could scarcely advance faster than a walk, and many of the hills were ascended with great difficulty; notwithstanding, the command pushed impetuously forward, driving back in confusion the many fresh lines formed to meet our gallant troops. The enemy had been driven over a mile, all the artillery captured from Major-General Stevenson's DIVISION recaptured, and several pieces taken from the enemy. I notified General Green, commanding brigade, that my ammunition was about exhausted. He replied that the ordnance train had been ordered from the field, and it would be impossible to refill the cartridge-boxes; that the men must use the ammunition of our and the enemy's killed and wounded; that the enemy must be driven as long as it were possible to advance the lines, if it had to be done with empty guns. About this time the enemy began to flank us one the right. A battery soon opened upon them. Here I would mention and most favorably recommend to the notice of the lieutenant-colonel commanding Sergt. R. H. G. Gaines, of Company K, twenty-THIRD Alabama Infantry, of General [S. D.]Lee's brigade, who, unassisted, used with good effect a 12-pounder howitzer on the flanking column. This sergeant alone fired about 12 or 15 rounds, when,

