
being noticed by General Green, 4 volunteers were obtained from the regiment supporting a battery a little to the right(I think it was a Georgia regiment), who gallantly assisted Sergeant Gaines in working the piece, causing the enemy to stop their advance on that particular point. The volunteers (whose names I have not been able to learn)deserve great credit for their bravery. The enemy continued the flank movement, bearing father to the right. Captain [W. B.]Pittman, assistant adjutant-general. Was sent to the lieutenant-general commanding to notify him of the movement and ask for re-enforcements to check it, and also to strengthen the right of the brigade. The Twelfth Louisiana was sent to the support of the right. No troops having been sent to oppose the flanking force, the movement was completed, and the brigade, when it was driving everything in its front from right to left, and was within 400 or 500 yards of the enemy's ordnance train, was ordered to fall back to prevent being entirely cut off. Slowly and reluctantly, although terribly cut to pieces, the brigade fell back, and moved to the ford on Baker's Creek, leaving our dead and wounded on the field, the ambulances and many of the surgeons having been ordered off previous to the commencement of the battle. At Baker's Creed General Bowen directed that the troops take position and hold the crossing until the other troops had crossed. Before the troops could get into position or be supplied with ammunition, the enemy crossed the creek above the ford with a battery and an infantry force, and opened a heavy fire upon us with the artillery, at the same time moving the infantry toward the road, threatening to cu off the command from Edwards Depot. The THIRD Missouri Cavalry (dismounted) was deployed as skirmishers on the creek. General Green moved the brigade as rapidly as possible toward Edwards Depot, leaving the road to the right and going around the force attempting to cut him off. The enemy's infantry came down between the brigade and the THIRD Missouri Cavalry and cut in off, with the exception of one company and a few stragglers finding himself cut off, made his way to Major-general Loring. The command reached Edwards [Depot] at dusk, and proceeded to the camp at Big Black, where it arrived about midnight, completely exhausted, and at daylight next morning was ordered into the trenches at Big Black Bridge, the report of which engagement was forwarded by Brigadier-General Green previous to his death. Lieutenant-Colonel [William H.]Dismukes, of the Nineteenth Arkansas, and Lieutenant-Colonel [H. G.]Robertson, of the Twentieth Arkansas Infantry, fell while gallantly charging the enemy's batteries, the former mortally wounded and the latter killed. I desire to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to the pre-eminently gallant conduct of Private Pudic, of the Nineteenth Arkansas, who during the entire engaged, although frequently recalled by his company commander as well as, kept at least 20 or 30 yards in advance of his regiment, using his gun with good effect. I have as yet been unable to procure accurate lists of the killed and wounded. They will be forward as soon as obtained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TOM P. DOCKERY,

Colonel 19th Arkansas Infty.,2nd Brigadier,2nd Div. . Army of MISS.

Major [R. W.]MEMMINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, dept. Of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

