
arm, I told my men to swim the river. They all took the river except about 90 officers and men. One or two my men were drowned in trying to swim the river. The officers and men who could not swim please so hard for me to stay with them that I gave way to them and we were all captured. I remained with the enemy three days and made my escape. I cannot give any account of anything that transpired after this until after the fall of Vicksburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIJAH GATES,

Colonel First Missouri Cavalry.

Major [R. W.]MEMMINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

GAINESVILLE, ALA., August 15, 1863.

SIR: The number killed, wounded, and MISSING of Bowen's DIVISION I as follows: At Baker's Creek: Killed 16, officers and 115 enlisted men; wounded 64 officers and 336 enlisted men; MISSING, 7 officers and 300 enlisted men. At Big Black Bridge: Killed, 1 officer and 2 enlisted men; wounded, 9 enlisted men; MISSING 46 officers and 427 enlisted men. At Vicksburg: Killed 24, officers and 166 enlisted men; wounded,35 officers and 469 enlisted men; MISSING 74 enlisted men. The report of the Twenty-first Arkansas (SECOND Brigade) cannot be found; supposed to have been destroyed with other papers at the time of the surrender. All field and most of line officers captured at Big Black, which makes about 50 officers and 480 enlisted men MISSING at that place.

ELIJAH GATES.

Colonel, commanding DIVISION.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

Number 37. Statements of Confederate staff officers. DEMOPOLIS, ALA., August 20, 1863.

SIR: Your telegram has been received. In compliance with your request, namely, that I shall give you a written statement of the orders carried by me in the battle of Baker's Creek, I make the following statement: The first ordered I carried to Major-General Loring in the forenoon was that you had not given any orders in relation to his ordnance wagons. The SECOND, to Major-=General Loring, was later in the day, about 1 p. m., as well as I could judge. The order was that he (Loring) should hold himself in readiness to re-enforce Stevenson. The THIRD order carried by me was at the time that you had rallied the FIFTY-sixth and FIFTY-seventh Georgia Regiments, who were in the corn-cribs, and you were leading them into action. This order was that I should go and bring Loring to that point; that Stevenson's right was very hard pressed, and to hurry up as soon as possible. On my way to his headquarters, I met General Buford on his way to the front. To my inquiries as to the whereabouts of Loring, I was told he was in the rear. When quite near his headquarters, I was informed that he had gone on, and that I must have met him; whereupon I retraced by steps. In

