
We succeeded, however, and I joined you at Edwards Depot. After making the necessary arrangements to protect your rear, you then returned to the intrenchments in front of the railroad bridge, and after remaining there, awaiting General Loring, for several hours, making the necessary dispositions for the contemplated attack the next day, at a late hour of the night we reached Bovina. The next day (Sunday 17th) we returned to Vicksburg when immediately the different portions of the fortifications were manned by our troops. Being near your person throughout three several days of trial, I was struck with admiration at the prompt manner in which you discharged every duty devolved upon you in your responsible position.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. THOMPSON,

[Assistant] Inspector-General.

Lieutenant Genl. J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Demopolis, ALA., July 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the part taken by myself in the battle of Baker's Creek, on May 16. Soon after the skirmishing commenced near Mrs. Ellison's house, I was ordered to report to General Loring that you had been informed that a large column of the enemy were approaching on his right. About an hour after this I was ordered to direct General Loring to collect all the spades and pickets and cut down the sides of the banks of the ford at Baker's Creek, on the road leading from Mrs. Ellison's to Colonel Withers' plantation. About 10 or 11 a. m. I was directed by you to order General Stevenson to halt his command until further orders, I found General Stevenson at the house about 200 yards to the left of you headquarters in the field, and the order was immediately executed. Soon after skirmishing began in front of General [S. D.]Lee, I was sent forward to ascertain if he could maintain his position, or if he needed re-enforcements, his reply was,"he thought he could hold his position for the present. "His skirmishers were at that time falling back, but soon afterward went forward again. Soon after this o order up one brigade of General Bowen's DIVISION to reenforce General Stevenson. Just before the command was ordered to fall back, and just after you had seen General Stevenson, where the battle was raging most terribly, I was directed by you to indicate the line of battle for Brigadier-General Buford, who came up with his brigade. I directed him to go forward to the road in which you saw General Stevenson at the time he informed you there were between 60,000 and 80. 000 men in his front. When you and staff were retiring from the field, your ordered me to direct General Tilghman to halt his command, and I ; had just given the order when you rode up. I gave no more orders until you and staff arrived at the bridge which crosses the railroad at Edwards Depot, where you were informed by Major [Howell] Webb, adjutant and inspector general to Major-General Stevenson, that two brigades were approaching Edwards Depot, on the road running parallel with the railroad from Edwards Depot (the road taken by the command in marching out toward Clinton), one of these commanded by Brigadier-General Barton; the other commander I do not remember. You then directed me to order General Barton to form a line of battle, with his right resting on the railroad in such a manner as to protect the depot. Immediately after you left for the intrenchments at Big

