
to tempt an attack from the enemy. He therefore returned, rejoining the brigade in the afternoon of the day he started. MAY 7, the brigade marched for Big Sandy Creek, 4 miles beyond Rocky Springs, on the Jackson road, arriving there by 10 p. m. We immediately took position in a cleared field on the hills above the creek, on the right of the main road and on the left of the First Brigade, throwing out a strong picket force, and making every preparation for an attack. Here we remained in camp until 10 o'clock May 10, when we abandoned our position on Big Sandy, and marched for Five-Mile Creek, on the Cayuga road, arriving there at noon of that day. We encamped and remained until May 12. May 12, we moved to Fourteen-Mile Creek, on the Auburn and Edwards Station road, arriving shortly after the pickets and a small party of the enemy's cavalry had been routed by the advance of Hovey's DIVISION, and driven over that stream. In anticipation of an attack from the enemy in force, we went into position on the left, of our line, in the edge of the cleared field next the creek, which position we held undisturbed during the night. On the 13th, making a flank movement to the right, we marched toward Raymond, encamping for the night within 4 miles of that place, and near the battle-field of the day previous. May 14, we moved through Raymond to within 7 miles of Jackson, MISS. May 15, Jackson having been occupied by our troops the evening before, we countermarched through Raymond, in the rear of Edwards Station, halting and occupying a strong position for the night at Hawkins' plantation, 3 miles this side of Raymond, where we held ourselves in readiness to march to the support of Osterhaus' DIVISION in case it should be attacked, of which there was some apprehension. Nothing unusual, however, occurred, and on the 16th, early in the morning, the brigade resumed his march for Edwards Station. This day our army fought and won the battle of Champion's Hill. I submit below the official report of the SECOND Brigade Carr's DIVISION was posted as a reserve, close column by DIVISION, a few hundred yards to the rear in the same field; Benton's brigade on the right, and my brigade on the left of the road. Here we remained, resting on our arms during the forenoon and until 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when orders were received to move up to the corner of the field, leaving one regiment, the Eleventh Wisconsin Volunteers, as a support to the First Wisconsin and Seventh Indiana [Michigan] Batteries, which were in position in the center of the clearing. Shortly after this I was ordered to move forward my command and occupy the ground between the left of the First Brigade and General Smith's right, my right resting at the forks of the road. Instructions were given me to open communication with General Smith, keep it open during the engagement, and to anticipate any movement the enemy might make with a view to turn our left. To communicate with General Smith a company of skirmishers were sent forward, who soon succeeded in reaching his right.

