
Shortly afterward, the enemy engaged the SIXTEENTH Kentucky[?]and one other regiment, belonging to Osterhaus' DIVISION, which had been sent out as skirmishers in advanc The firing was spirited from both artillery and infantry, and compelled these regiments to give way and fall back toward a small field on our extreme left. To support these regiments and to check the enemy's advance, I moved my whole command down to the field, sending forward the Twenty-SECOND Iowa)Colonel Stone) in the advance to annoy the was getting into position. As we emerged from the woods into the posted on a hill near the farm-house, subsequently used as a hospital, bursting several shells in close proximity to the head of the column, but doing no damage. The Peoria Battery was quickly brought forward to the rising ground in the center of the field, and, having opened on the enemy, soon silenced his battery and compelled him to withdraw it in haste. An advance of my whole line was then made, upon which the rebels broke and fled, pressed by the brigade as rapidly and closely as a proper precaution and the conformation of the ground would permit. The two skirmishing companies of the Twenty-SECOND Iowa, and those also of the Twenty-first and Twenty-THIRD Iowa Regiments, succeeded in capturing and bringing in large numbers of prisoners and small-=arms in abundance. The enemy, after his flight commenced, did not attempt to make any determined stand; but while our skirmishers were advancing through the cleared field in the rear of the hospital, he opened fire upon them with two pieces of artillery, posted on a high hill to our left and in General Smith's front. Immediately ordering up the Peoria Battery, it took position in the field, and opened a fire on the rebel guns so accurate and severe that if again silenced them, killing the horses of one piece, and as our advance was close upon them, they were compelled to abandon it, and it was soon after take possession of by the Eight Illinois, Stevenson's brigade, Logan's DIVISION. We continued in pursuit, with out further incident of importance, until we received orders from you to abandon it and move up on the Edwards Station road to join the First Brigade, which we did, overtaking it at the station, and going into camp there for the night. Although my brigade was not permitted to take a very prominent part in the battle of Champion's Hill, still, enough was done to enable me to prove my men and satisfy thoroughly of their valor and soldierly qualities. Lieutenant Fenton, of the Peoria Battery, and his men deserve credit for the good service they rendered in twice silencing the enemy's guns. On the morning of the 17th, by 3. 30 a. m., Carr's DIVISION was again on the road in pursuit of the enemy, Benton's brigade having the advance. We came upon the enemy at Big Black Bridge, strongly posted behind skillfully constructed rifle-pits, extending across a neck of land formed by the big Black River, his flanks were protected by this stream, and having in his front, in addition to the riffle-pits, a bayou filled with brush and fallen trees. This, combined with the fact that there were cleared fields of from 400 to 600 yards in width along his whole front from bend to bend of the stream rendered his position really formidable and difficult of approach, subjecting a clearing party, it would seem, to almost certain destruction at the commencement of the contest.

