
I cannot, of course, make mention of all those who distinguished themselves on that battle-field, as that would be to copy the roll of all present. Major S. G. Van Anda received the highest credit for the coolness and bravery with which he conducted the charge, the left being in front, through the storm of leaden hail. Much of the success of the charge is owing to his gallant conduct and daring example. Captain Harrison was one of the first officers on the enemy's works. Captain Swivel, Voorhees, Watson, Boardman, and Crooke behaved with great coolness. Lieutenants Roberts, Childs, and Dolson received the praise of all who saw their bravery. Lieutenant Howard, of Company B, acting adjutant, received a mortal wound while gallantly performing his part in this gallant charge. We lost many of our bravest men, but it was a great undertaking, and the object accomplished was the most important of the war. To Captain Wilson and Lieutenant Jackson, of the staff, too much praise cannot be given. Their conduct was brave and noble, and they are held in the highest respect by every officer and soldier of the command for the faithful manner in which they performed their duties.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

C. W. DUNLAP,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-first Iowa.

Captain WILSON, assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 17, 1863. -Skirmish near Bridgeport MISS.

Report of Colonel Clark Wright, sixth Missouri Cavalry.

BRIDGEPORT, MISS, May 17, 1863.

COLONEL: I engaged General [A. W.]Reynolds this morning 3 miles from this place. H e had one brigade and two batteries. In my first charge his lines broke and he retreated precipitately forward this place, when I came up and fought him three hours, until General Blair came up. He succeeded in getting most of his command across, I captured some 160 prisoners, two wagons and teams with provisions, and a number of mules. General Blair relieved me, and I sent the command out to first plantation to feed men and horses, they having had nothing since yesterday morning. General Sherman has arrived here. As soon as I rest, I will cross at this point and join you at the earliest opportunity.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel. W. T. CLARK, colonel and Asst. Adjt. General SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

MAY 18, 1863. -Skirmish near Island Number 82. Above Greenville, MISS.

Report of Brigadier General Jacob G. Lauman, u. S. Army.

HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

On Board Steamer Luminary, May 19, 1863.

COLONEL: When we arrived within 15 miles of Greenville by was of river, and 7 across the land, our advance boat, the Crescent City, was

