
fired into several times from the Mississippi side, wounding 9 men seriously and 5 slightly of the THIRD Iowa. We immediately landed all of our troops, and pushed forward our cavalry to the point from which we noticed the battery had been planted, but when the cavalry came up the battery had field. We immediately started in pursuit, and chased them about 9 miles, but could not keep up with them, not knowing the country as well as they did, and finally were compelled to give up the chase without accomplishing the purpose of our landing. There are several points above Greenville which the enemy have pierced, making embrasures, and from one of these he made his attack on us. If a strong force of cavalry could be sent to land above Greenville, I think there would be no difficulty in taking this battery, but they are so well mounted that it is folly for infantry to pursue them. They had four pieces of artillery. We have just arrived at Young's Point, and are awaiting orders. We are now proceeding to Grand Gulf.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. G. LAUMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 18, 1863. -Skirmish on Horn Lake Creek, Tenn.

Report of Captain Arthur M. Sherman, SECOND Wisconsin Cavalry,

May 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit this my report of the result of the expedition under my command, which left our camp at 1 p. m. to report to brigade commander, colonel Moore, twenty-first Missouri Infantry. I received instructions to proceed up the Hermando road 10 or 12 miles with 75 men, and dispatch 25 men by the Pigeon Roods road to intersect the Hernando road and form a junction with me again, and if the enemy were discovered in any force, to hold them in check, and report the fact to brigade headquarters. After proceeding some 4 miles beyond Nonconnah, the advance discovered two pickets and gave chase. After running half a mile, one of them abandoned a United States horse and saddle and field into the woods, the horse falling into our hands. We proceeded then near unto Horn Lake Creek, and discovered a picket of some 8 or 10 men, who seemed reluctant to abandon their post; whereupon I halted my command, without showing its strength, and advanced Lieutenant Showalter, with 20 men, for the purpose of charging them, after becoming convinced they had no reserve to support them; but if such should be the case, to feint being unsupported, and fall back and draw them out. He advanced upon them they retreating beyond Horn Lake Creek. He discovered at this time a squad on his right and left, which he immediately engaged, they as soon giving way, and returning into the timber. He immediately communicated to me the facts of his engagement, whereupon I advanced with one-half of the 50 men I had left, the

