
25 sent by the Pigeon Roost road not yet having overtaken us. About the time or a little before my arrival to the front, the enemy had all field and abandoned their post. It being now nearly dark, and my men without either food or blankets, I decided to return to camp. All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. S. SHERMAN,

Captain, commanding Company, l, SECOND Wisconsin Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel LEVI STERLING.

P. S. -I met one of our spies coming in from Hertnando, who reported General Chalmers' presence there with 400 men, and that Major [G. L.]Blythe is this side with 300 men.

MAY 19, 1863. -Scouts from La Grange, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIDGE,La Grange, Tenn., May 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding directs me to say that he has the honor to submit the following report from the scouts this day: One company SECOND Iowa Cavalry found of Ripley road, 10 miles south of this, a party of rebel cavalry of 60 to 100 men. Had quite a sharp skirmish, in which two of our men were quite severely wounded. Rebel loss unknown, but supposed to be much greater than ours. The rebels retired to the southwest. Patrols followed but a short distance farther. One company (SECOND Iowa Cavalry) found about 70 of the rebels supposed to be Mitchell's men, drawn up in line of battle in a field on the right and three-fourths of a mile distant from the road, 13 miles from this place, on Salem road, 2 miles this side of Salem. On our men deploying as skirmishers, the rebels withdrew at the trot, not firing a shot, in a westerly direction. The officer in command of this company reports sending to you headquarters a prisoner just from Jackson. About 100 of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry went to Mount Pleasant by the way of Early Grove. They saw nothing. Heard of 6 men passing one hour in advance of them through Early Grove, but found or heard nothing of them at Mount Pleasant. They got rumors of 200 rebels at Alexander's Mills, on the Coldwater, south of Mount Pleasant, but nothing reliable. No other forces or movements of the enemy are reported.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT BELDEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain HARLAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, first DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

10 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

