
called, on May 19, from which time to he 22nd instant every effort was made to determine by reconnaissances the weakest points of the enemy's line, and to obtain as accurate information of the ground as possible. On the 22nd instant, the Thirteenth Army Corps made an assault on the enemy's line, the salients B and C being the principal points of attack. The storming parties succeeded in scaling the parapet of C, it having been battered considerably by the fire from the 30-pounder battery, near the crossing of the wagon road over the railroad. The assault failed and on the 23rd, instant it was announced in orders from a siege by regular approaches commenced. I immediately had as accurate a survey of the ground in front made as was possible with the assistance at hand. The salients B, c, and D were selected as the points of attack, one point of attack for each DIVISION of the corps, and proceeded to open the first parallel and establish enfilading and counter batteries. I had previously, on the night of the 19th, selected the hill near the crossing of the railroad and wagon road for a battery of two 30-pounders and two 20-pounders, and on the 21st the other 30-pounders on the right of the road. A small parapet was thrown up in front of each gun to protect the cannoneers from the enemy's riflemen. This battery, which was commanded by Major Maloney, of the First 	Infantry, u. S. Army, was increased in caliber during the latter part of the siege by mounting two 8-inch Dahlgren guns, procured from Admiral Porker's fleet, in the river, and moving the 20-pounders closer to the works and the chief of artillery for the necessary intrenching tools, and for proper siege materials, heavy guns, mortals, 7c. Coehorn mortars were needed particularly. No mortars could be obtain, and only three 24-pounders (siege)and two 8-inch Dalgrens, in addition to the three 30-pounder Parrots belonging to the corps. In the latter part of the siege the want of mortars was so severely left that I gave orders to have wooden mortars made, to be used with small charges of powder and light shells (6 and 12 pounds). Some naval hand thrown any considerable distance. Even when the approaches were only 10 feet from the ditch, it required and extraordinarily powerful man to throw one into the works. The week elapsed before any considerable number of intrenching tools could be procured, in the mean time the most was made of the few that could be gathered together around camp and from the pioneers. May 29 and 30. -More tools were procedured and large detail worked. The opening of the first parallel commenced. May 31. -The pioneer corps under Captain Patterson were instructed to make gabions and fascines, and collect them in their camp, in the hollow, about 1,000 yards from the enemy's works. This point will serve as a depot for the trenches. June 1. -A small trench was pushed forward from General Hovey's right, to gain the crest of a hill that is occupied by our sharpshooters during the day, and give them better cover, as well as a passage to the place by daylight. Other details were employed, varying from 200 to 300 men, in strengthening the batteries which had to be thrown up hastily against the artillery fire of the enemy. The parapets of most of the batteries are still very thin. The enemy use artillery very little,

