
sometimes not firing a single shot during the whole day. The 30. Pounders do good service whenever the enemy open an artillery fire. June 2,3,4,5,6, and 7. -Details were employed along the first parallel to finish it, making it wide enough for artillery to pass through. At the same time the approaches to the salients in front of Generals Smith's and Carr's DIVISIONS were commenced, the ravine on the right of the wagon road was taken advantage of as an approach to the salient B, seeing much labor could by this means be avoided. The ground along the road was so hard that to approach by boyaus there would be a difficult piece of work, especially as we have no sappers and depend entirely on the troops of the line for every shovelful of dirt thrown up. The railroad cut affords facilities to approach C that are at once taken advantage f. From the bottom of the ravine to the right of the wagon road a rifle-pit was thrown up for sharpshooters some days ago. This has been widened to a regular trench. It is intended to connect this with the SECOND parallel of Carr's DIVISION as soon as he reaches the hill on the opposite side of the ravine, in his front. In General Hovey's front two 24-pounder siege guns were mounted (Battery Number 5). In front of General Carr's DIVISION, a two gun battery (Number 6)was constructed for the 20-pounder Parrots to the left of the wagon road and about 300 yards from B. The battery in intended to counter B and enfilade the left face of C, at least what appears to be the left face of C. The exact from of the work from this battery is so short that blinds had to be arranged in the embrasures to protect the cannoneers from the enemy's riflemen. This was done here, as in several other batteries, by a door swung on a horizontal axis at the throat of the embrasure. In some cases a bag stuffed tightly with cotton has been tried, and proved to be effectual resistance to a Minie ball at from 300 to 400 yards, in other cases a heavy wooden collar has been used around the breach of the gun, with a narrow, vertical opening in it, the opening in the collar being parallel and close to the vertical opening in the pendulum house, causing no inconvenience in sighting the gun, in general Smith's front two were mounted in Battery Number 7, on the extreme right, also two more in the ravine, to sweep the two ravines in front, in case the enemy made a sortie in that direction. These guns were not put here by my instructions. In General Carr's front a two gun battery. (Number 8.) was constructed and guns mounted. The position is a commanding one, and the fire of the guns can enfilade the right face of C. There has been but little firing along the enemy's line the last few days from their artillery. June 8. -An important advance was made in General Smith's front, to the right of the ravine that runs parallel to the road. A battery (Number 9) was commenced for two guns on the right of the ravine. It has an enfilading view of one of the faces of B; 12-pounder howitzer will be mounted there, to use small charges of powder, with high degrees of elevation. No mortars can be obtained, and the want of them is severely felt. Other guns have been mounted near the road, on the hill once occupied by a dwelling-house, commonly known as the "burn chimneys". Captain Jackson, of General Hovey's DIVISION, has a detail employed in building magazines; one a general supply magazine the others for the batteries. June 9. -On the right as detail was employed to work on the SECOND parallel, but does not progress so rapidly as desirable. The ground is very hard, and complaints already begin to be made of being worked

