
hard. The weather is very warm. This retards the work more than anything else. The men cannot work at all during the middle of the day. General Carr's detail were at work pushing forward the railroad approach, and the other to the left of Battery Number 8. General Hovey's details still work at widening of the trenches and making the batteries in his front stronger. The 24-pounders have been moved farther to the right of Battery Number 10. They are used daily in trying to destroy the mill, where it is said, the enemy grind all their corn. June 10,11, and 12. -Owing to the heavy rain on the 11th, no work was done that night. In front of General Smith I made a reconnaissance placed a detail at work at 75 yards from B. They only worked at night, however. The ravine will be used itself as an approach. The boyaus to the left of Battery Number 8 have nearly reached the bottom of the ravine, after which they will be under perfect cover. A detail was also employed in throwing up Battery Number 11 for two 30-pounder Parrotts, to be moved from their present position as soon as the two 8-inch. Dahlgrens arrive, which are daily expected, and will take their place. June 13. -The approach that was started from the head of the ravine, near B, was run a short distance last night. The enemy allow us to work at night, but not during the day. The approach had a branch started to the right. On the left of the road an underground arrangement has been pushed forward some 80 or 90 feet. The enemy allow us to work at night, but not during the day. The approach had a branch started to the right. On the left of the road and underground arrangement has been pushed forward some 80 or 90 feet. The approach had a branch started to the right. On the left of the road an underground arrangement has been pushed forward some 80 or 90 feet. The boyaus to the left of Battery. Number 8. Reached the bottom of the ravine, in front of General Carr. General Hovey's advanced trenches are still being worked at, I gave directions fro sapping materials to be prepared and be ready when the approaches cannot be made without cover. June 14. -General Smith continues his work on the advanced sap at the head of the ravine. A demi-parallel has been partially completed to the right of it. A detail was employed also in arranging loop-holes on the top of the parapet with sand-bags, to enable our riflemen to keep down those of the enemy without exposure. The left approach in General Carr's front was advanced across the ravine and up the hill a short distance. June 15. -The advanced trenches were pushed forward along the whole line. General Smith in now so close that every movement has to be made with the greatest caution. The ground in his front is still too rough to use a saproller. This morning the enemy opened one gun from the work on the right, to test the strength of the parapet. They did no damage whatever, their shells passing through the parapet, scarcely leaving a trace in it of their passage. General Carr's advance reached the top of the hill nearest the enemy's works. General Hovey has advanced his left some 200 yards and opened a SECOND parallel. On General Smith's right a new battery (Number 12). Was constructed. June 16,17, and 18. -General Smith'; s approaches to Fort B were advanced a short distance; the one on the left of the ravine reached the opposite side of the road. The ground is very hard, however, general Smith had detail at work farther to the right, finishing up his advanced trenches at that point. In front of General Carr's DIVISION the railroad approach was pushed forward some 50 yards. From the left boyaus the SECOND parallel has been commenced, which will run along the ridge near the enemy's line, and join the SECOND parallel of General Smith's across the railroad. General Hovey, in addition to the advances he is making, is preparing furnaces for heating shot for the 24-pounders, to burn the mill. June 19. -Very little firing to-day. They gave a few rounds from a

