
in through, wedding itself as it were cutting comparatively few canes. A great many canes have been cut, however, by Minie bullets. The artillery fire caused the workmen all to leave, but they were returned at once. No one was hurt. June 24. -Battery (Number 14) to the left of the 20-pounder battery, for the purpose of demolishing a bridge across the railroad cut, in the rear of the enemy's works. It is their only means of communication along the front line of works, and in case of an assault it will be of service to destroy ti, as it will cause any-re-enforcements to either side of the railroad to pass by a much longer and circuitous route. General Hovey has completed his SECOND parallel, and commenced his approaches to Fort D. The enemy's pickets were pushed back some distance and an advance of 90 feet made. Empty barrels are used to revet the interior slope of the trenches. Battery Number 15. Was also built. June 25. -In General Smith's front both saps were advanced a short distance. The one on the right of the road works much easier than the other. The latter passes over ground almost like rock. Other details were employed in arranging loop-holes, with sand-bags alone the top of the parapet. Many of the batteries need repairs also. The siege battery (Number 1) has been nicely reveted with sand-bags. In General Carr's front a saw was started from the SECOND parallel of General Smith. June 26,27, and 28. -A battery (N. 16) has been thrown up for two guns, and blinds made to cover the gunners from the enemy's riflemen. The approaches progress slowly; weather very warm. The enemy are mining from the conterscarp of the ditch at B. They are very shy about it, however. On the 28th, they sprung a small mine in front of the sap-roller, doing no damage whatever. June 29 and 30. -In General Smith's front the saps are now about as close as they can get without first clearing the rebel works in front by means of mortar shells. Coehorn mortars would be invaluable at the present time. We now occupy a portion of the crater made by the explosion of the enemy's mine. On the 28th (yesterday), the enemy put two more shots-through the sap-roller on the right. No damage done, however, to the sap-roller. The sap on the left had some five or six shots put through it, bud did not render it useless. We still use it. The left approach of General Smith is now about 15 feet from the ditch. I made a novel reconnaissance of the enemy's ditch this morning, by means of a mirror attached to a pole, being raised above the sap-roller, and a little to the rear, and then inclined forward. A perfect view of the ditch was by this means obtained. The ditch is very narrow, and not more than 6 feet on the bottom, the SECOND parallels have now been joined in front of Generals Smith and Carr, and are now continuos. On this parallel, near the wagon road, I have directed a new battery (Number,17) to be constructed for three guns, two for countering any new batteries the enemy MAY open in the rear of their line and also to Battery B. The other gun enfilades one of the faces of C. The battery in only about 150 yards from nearly competed. This battery will clear the ditch of C, which is sometimes filed with, men, from which they frequently fire. They seem to be at work there, wheeling hand-barrows along the left face, and, from the sounds that are heard, it is highly probable they are running a gallery from the counterscarp of the ditch, for the purpose of

