
from the enemy, and cessation of hostilities till 10 p. m., caused all work to stop. July 4. -All operations ceased; Vicksburg surrendered. The map of the front of the Thirteenth Army Corps will show the position of such batteries as are not mentioned in the report, and the work done in the trenches. In front of the Thirteenth Corps, the nearest approach was only about 10 feet from the ditch; the SECOND about 30 feet, and the THIRD about 35.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. HAINS,

First Lieutenant, u. S. Engineers.

[Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES. Assistant Adjutant General.]

Number 7. Report of Captain William L. B. Jenney, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, acting Engineer Officer Fifteenth 	Army Corps, including operations since MAY 9. HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS. Black River, MISS., September 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engineer works to which I was assigned during the final campaign against Vicksburg. On the evening of MAY 9, received orders from Brigadier-General Sullivan, commanding post of Milliken's Bend and Young's Point, to proceed from Milliken's Bend by steamboat with one regiment of infantry and a small detachment of the pioneer company of the First DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, to Young's Point, and rebuilt the road across the point to Bower's Landing, below the Warrenton batteries, and thus greatly shorten the land transportation. (The road previously used from Milliken's Bend to point opposite Grand Gulf was nearly 40 miles in length). On the next day, at noon, commenced work on the road. On the following morning Major Tweddale reported, with three companies of the Engineer Regiment, and also Captain Ashmead with the pioneer company of the SECOND DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, to assist in building the road, which was so far completed by 10 o'clock on the 12th that a swamp from which the water had just run off sufficiently to render the building of the road practicable, it was necessary either to bridge or corduroy the entire distance, in many places the water being 2 feet deep. Continued work on this road until May 14, when I left with General Ewing's brigade to join the Fifteenth Army Corps, then in the vicinity of Jackson. Reported to General Sherman on the evening of the 18th. On the 19th made reconnaissance for a road to communicate with the Johnston Place Landing, on the Yazoo River, and counteracted the pontoon train to head of Chickasaw Bayou, to cross which would require some 300 feet of bridge.

