
4 or 5 miles from Jackson, received an order from the major-general commanding to report the Seventh Missouri Regiment to its command and report in person to him, which I did, finding the general in Jackson. Accompanied the Sixth Missouri Cavalry about 4 miles out on Canton road.

MAY 15. -Commenced retrograde march at daylight, passing through Clinton. Encamped about 3 miles east of Bolton Station on a branch of Baker's Creek. Made survey and plat of road from Clinton westwardly to this point.

MAY 16. -Examined rods in vicinity of Bolton Station and from said point westwardly, also reconstructed small bridge about 1. 1/2 miles north of Bolton Station, recently burned by General McClernand's command. Commenced, survey of the road from Bolton westwardly, but battle of Champion's Hill commenced. I pushed on and arrived up the field at 10 o'clock. After repulse of Confederate army, accompanied the advance in pursuit, arriving at Edwards Station about 8 p. m. .

MAY 17. -Made a survey of the battle-field, and then accompanied the command to Big Black, arriving there about 2 p. m. Commenced construction of cotton bridge about dark, composed of a frame-work o timber, filed with cotton bales (forty-seven in number), and covered with boards taken from an adjoining cotton-gin. Bridge 110 feet long by 10 feet wide.

MAY 18. -Bridge completed at 8 a. m. Command commenced, moving at same hour. Accompanied the advance. We moved on plantation road due north to Bridgeport road, and then on Bridgeport road westwardly toward Vicksburg. Headquarters about 1 mile from rebel lines.

MAY 19. -Opening attack on Vicksburg. Engaged all night in selecting and throwing up works for protection of batteries.

MAY 20. -Moving up slowly. Artillery doing well; dismounted three of the enemy's funs.

MAY 21. -Engaged all night in throwing up works beyond white house and constructing battery for 30-pounder Parrotts, which were placed in position to-day.

MAY 22. -General assault ordered at 10 a. m. Artillery opened promptly, under cover of which our troops advance, but were repulsed at every point.

MAY 23. -Orders issued for construction of regular approaches.

MAY 24. -Captain Powell placed in charge of approaches on General Ransom's front, and Captain Sands in charge of construction of batteries on General Quinby's front. I have taken personal charge of central approach along Jackson road.

MAY 25. -Flag of truce in, consequence of which we did very little work.

MAY 26. -Commenced on main sap with 300 men. Same number went on and relieved day detail at 7 p. m.

MAY 27. -Three hundred and eighty feet under cover. Same number of men engaged in deepening and widening trench. Made survey of our front. New battery on General Ransom's front completed, and line of riflepits south of Jackson road being pushed rapidly.

MAY 28. -Engaged in making sketch of our front, in accordance with orders received from the major-general commanding. Detail upon main placed a 6-pounder in position of Fort Hill, which was silenced by our guns in about 30 minutes.

MAY 29. -Main trench completed up to a point 750 feet beyond white house, 8 feet wide by 7 feet deep, with beam and parapet.

