
Under the most scorching sun, our men kept their dangerous position all day. Several attempts made to push farther on, and, if possible, reach the enemy's line, only developed more and more the exceedingly difficult task before us. By the result being the same all along the whole line, it was demonstrated that the feasibility of taking the force by assault was more than doubtful. The troops of my DIVISION hold the ground gained, and when night came on were withdrawn, leaving, though, strong pickets and a line of sharpshooters on the most advanced points.

Colonel Cradlebaugh, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Infantry; Major Finley, Sixty-NINTH Indiana; Captain Barber, Forty-SECOND Ohio Infantry, and many other officers and men were wounded or killed on this eventful day. I refer to the list of casualties annexed for the details of losses. *The are heavy.

With May 22, my operations before Vicksburg came to a close, as I received orders on the next day to proceed with a part of my command and some cavalry, temporarily attached, to Big Black River Railroad Bridge, as the enemy were making some efforts to collect a new army, under General Johnston, with the spoken-out intention to raise the siege of Vicksburg.

In recapitulation of the narrative of three weeks' work-from May 2 to May 23-I state that the NINTH DIVISION, most all the time in front and within feeling distance of the enemy, marched over 125 miles, took a prominent part in the great battles of Champion's Hill and Big Black River, and since then was, without being relieved an hour, in the front line of the army investing Vicksburg, and on all these memorable occasions never flinched from their severe duty, but were always ready to strike.

To enumerate those who distinguished themselves is impossible, when every man showed himself willing to die for our cause. In mentioning the names of General Lee and Colonels Lindsey and Keigwin, my brigade commanders, and those of Colonels Bennett, Sixty-NINTH Indiana; Fonda, one hundred and eighteenth Illinois; Spiegel, one hundred and twentieth Ohio; Cradlebaugh, one hundred and fourteenth Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonels Pardee, forty-SECOND Ohio; Monroe, Twenty-SECOND Kentucky; Lucas, seventh Kentucky, and Major Hawke, Forty-NINTH Indiana Infantry, the regimental commanders; Captain Lanphere, seventh Michigan Battery; Lieutenants Nutting and Hackett, of the First Wisconsin Battery, and Captain Campbell, THIRD Illinois Cavalry, I endeavor to express the greatest obligations I feel to them for their great zeal, promptness, and courage exhibited in executing orders. The hearty and brave assistance of these and all secured us victory.

The wounded sufferers were, under the circumstances, promptly and kindly cared for. The arrangements for field hospitals and the ambulance corps, under Lieutenant [Joseph D.] Pomerene and the surgeons of the DIVISION most sincerely.

In conclusion, I am compelled to state that almost all the artillery rifled ammunition was very inferior. At moments of the highest importance the batteries would have to cease firing, for our deficient MISSILES were more dangerous to our own men than to the enemy; also infantry ammunition can bear improvement.

I annex some sketches prepared by the topographical engineer, F. Tunica, attached to the NINTH DIVISION: 1, showing the whole route made by command since leaving Carthage, La., to our position in the

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 161

---------------

