
You will see readily that the above very small force it is utterly impossible to do a great deal of good. I posted vedettes at Bovina and the Bridgeport, hall's and Baldwin's Ferry roads; also a picket on the Edwards Station road; had all these roads patrolled, and in such manner disposed of the whole number of cavalry here without any men left to relieve to-day. If Colonel Wright comes up to-day I will make such arrangements as to keep thoroughly informed of all movements of the enemy in our rear. The town of Raymond was taken yesterday morning by the FIFTH Kentucky and Twentieth Mississippi Regiments. The sick, wounded, and nurses were paroled. From the statements of the paroled, men the enemy is trying to collect a large force at or near Jackson, to operate against us in a very few days. I do not put much credence in such reports; but the fact that the above-named regiments are in the immediate vicinity of our lines makes it necessary that a considerable cavalry force be concentrated here to stop and prevent raids as that into Raymond. There are some Confederate troops at Clinton, and they will undoubtedly visit our hospitals in every direction, in order to swell their numbers of prisoners, by paroling the sick and attendants. In connection with this matter, I beg leave to inquire where the FIFTY-fourth Indiana Infantry is stationed now. They were left at Raymond with the One hundred and twentieth Ohio. The latter regiment came up since, but the whereabouts of the former in not known to me. The regiment is not in Raymond any more, but I would like very much to have it rejoin my command if such be possible. Only two sections (6-pounder brass guns) of the SECOND Ohio Battery are with me, and they are without any ammunition at all except canister, which cannot be used. The section of 12-pounder howitzer, which is the most effective in the present position, is, I believe, with General McArthur's DIVISION. Please have them ordered forward, and also cause Colonel Mather to send us the ammunition for the pieces. I inclose as letter to Lieut. A. Beach. This officer was left at your headquarters to await the arrival of the ammunition for that battery . Could you hasten his return?. I send on order to Colonel Wright at once to join me but not being in possession of an official order assigning him to my DIVISION temporarily, I am in doubt whether he will respect my order or not, and you rarely, I am in doubt whether he will respect my order or not, and you would be very kind by giving this important matter you attention; also, from a man just in, I learn that all negroes are to be collected and sent to Jackson, which place is to be fortified by the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

P. J. OSTERHAUS, brigadier-General, commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES.

Assistant Adjutant-General, THIRTEENTH Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH DIVISION,Big Black River Bridge, Mississippi, May 27, 1863.

COLONEL: Colonel Wright, with 200 men, has reported this a. m., and I have commence executing the instructions received from Generals McClernand and Grant. I have destroyed all the railroad bridges from Big Black to Bolton Station; burned all Confederate stores, railroad cars,&amp;c.,; collected about 300 bales of cotton, 100 head of Confederate

