
Jackson under General Breckinridge, who wither superseded General Loring of is his superior in rank. The people seem to be in high, glee, and sanguine that the rebel will soon be in number strong enough to raise the siege. Of General Johnston, I hear that he is still at Canton, preparing for an attempt to break off our river communications north of Vicksburg. I inclose three letters. They are rather sweet, but at least Number 3 is of some interest. They were intercepted by an orderly of my staff, and opened. I believe they were smuggled out by some member of the Eight Kentucky, and, as appears from one envelope inclosed, directed to Yazoo City. There was rumor near Jackson yesterday that an official telegram from Richmond had arrived, stating that General Lee had crossed the Rappahannock,

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, department of the Tennessee.
HDQRS. NINTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Big Black River Railroad Bridge, MISS., June 7, 1863.

GENERAL: You favor of this morning is received. You will please excuse if the description is not definite enough as to the ground where the attack was made yesterday night. Bayou bridge is across the bayou, in front of the rebel breastworks beyond Big Black, and the bridge burned on the 17th when the enemy evacuated the works was reconstructed by our pioneers, and is situated in the line of the works. From information collected since, it was the Eight Kentucky Mounted infantry grand guard at the above bridge, which post was at once re-enforced by two companies of reserves. The rebels, finding us prepared for them retired, and my cavalry followed them up. At 3 a. m. this day my patrol was at Edwards Station again, and report the Eight Kentucky still falling back, probably for their place of rendezvous near Bolton. This information is substantiated by Lieutenant Foster, the bearer of the flag of truce which I mentioned yesterday. The lieutenant met on his return trip the Eight Kentucky 3 miles east of Edwards. In regard to the result of the expedition of Lieutenant Foster, I have to say that he came within 6 miles of Jackson, where his dispatch was taken from him and forwarded to headquarters of General Loring. After some time, lieutenant Foster got answer that the general commanding DIVISION, as to my request (the removal of the wounded), would be made known to me very soon, and then he was escorted back to our lines, where he arrived a short time ago. Lieutenant Foster met only the FIFTH Kentucky this side of Jackson. He found the people sanguine as to the result of the threatened attack of General Johnston on our army. The latter general is still at Canton, evidently having and collecting a large force. His intention is said to be to break off our river connection north of Vicksburg. There was a rumor at Jackson of an official telegram having been received there yesterday to the effect that General Lee had

