HEADQUARTERS NINTH DIVISION,Big Black River Bridge, MISS., June 10, 1863.

COLONEL: Your dispatch of yesterday was received in due time, and I feel very much obliged for your kind and immediate attention to my request. A small detachment of the THIRD Illinois and one company of the First Indiana(report companies) arrived in the night, and the SECOND Illinois Cavalry is reported in the vicinity; they will be here this evening. Major [Samuel] Montgomery, in command of the Sixth Missouri, sent out in pursuit of a rebel force, returned just now (2 p. M.) and reports that they were the same companies of the Twentieth Mississippi which that they were the same companies of the Twentieth Mississippi which were at Grant's house and in the Oak Ridge, region for some time. After having received the re-enforcements, Major Montgomery advanced and followed up the enemy as far as Birdsong Ferry, at which crossing, or by the fords near by, he lost sight, of them. The major is most positive that there is no rebel left on the WEST side of the river between Birdsong and this point. Of course, I ordered the escort companies mentioned above to return to their respective headquarters, and I feel very certain that, with the addition of the SECOND Illinois, to my cavalry force, and with the detachment of General Washburn's cavalry north of Bridgeport, were are perfectly able to keep the rebels on the other side of the Big Black. The information brought in by Major Montgomery is that General Johnston is not moving, and not even expected to move forward soon; that, on the contrary, some of his forces had been withdrawn, I believe, thought, that this news ought to be received cum grano salis. I inclose a letter brought in by flag of truce. The request seems to me an extraordinary, one, and I refused to grant, it promising, thought to lay it before Major-general commanding the department, for his action. In doing so, I request him to give general should not approve of my denial. By the way, I have to state that this Colonel Lyon is described al overbearing, and toward our wounded at Champion's Hill a very rude character.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Lieutenant Cool. John A. RAWNIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, department of the Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Big Black River Bridge, MISS., June 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I ordered the commander of my picket at Bridgeport this morning to communicate with the cavalry stationed above Bridgeport, in order to perfect the guarding of the river. Captain Morris, sixth Missouri Cavalry, who is in command of the post there, just now reports as follows:

Sergeant [Theodore B.] Robinson, in charge of the patrol, went to the Widow Hill's, 9 miles from this point (Bridgeport picket station). He heard from all that Colonel Swan was there last night, blockading the road, and left about dark, intending to go

to camp at Hayne's Bluff. He has not come back to-day.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

