
repeat a request made some time ago namely to order the Forty-SECOND Ohio and Twenty-SECOND Kentucky, now in the rear of Vicksburg, and the One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Infantry, now at Warrenton, all belonging to the NINTH DIVISION, to join me at this point. From the long line to be guarded, and from the nature of the terrain, the duties for the infantry here are very severe. The regiments being in themselves very small, are daily reduced in number by sickness, and an addition to the effective strength now with me would be very desirable.

I have the honor, general, to be with great respect your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General-Commanding.

Major Colonel E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, Vicksburg,

MISS. BIG BLACK, June 22, 1863.

A dispatch from Bridgeport, come in at this moment, reports that 125 men of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, stationed near Messinger's were attacked by 5400 rebel cavalry and badly cut up, and about 40 men of the Iowa cavalry were either killed, wounded, or captured; also one small gun was taken by the enemy. Our cavalry were blockading the road when they were surprised.

OSTERHAUS.

General GRANT.

BLACK ROVER, June 22, 1863.

The commanders of the different pickets have just reported all quiet on the Jackson road. My patrol found a rebel cavalry squall near Edwards Station; fired at in and drove it to Baker's Creek, where the officer considered it prudent to desist the chase, the woods being reported full of rebels. There in no regular camp this side of Champion's Hill. Yesterday a regiment of rebels passed Edwards Station, going south. It has not yet returned. It is undoubtedly the same troops which were observed by my patrols on the Baldwin; s Ferry road, on east side of river. Nobody living any more between here and Champion's Hill who would give any information; even negroes are secesh.

P. J. Osterhaus.

Major-General GRANT,

(Through General Ord.)

BIG BLACK, June 22, 1863

Colonel. Wright, commanding the Missouri cavalry now opposite

Bridgeport,[reports] in relation to the fight this p. m. as follows:

The fight of the Fourth Iowa was near the junction of Bridgeport and Vicksburg and Jones' Ferry roads. Four companies of Fourth Iowa were blockading Vicksburg and Jones' Ferry road when some 600 or 800 rebels crossed the river at Jones' or Birdsong crossing. My men have reconnoitered 2 miles up the river, and found all quite at present. My impression is that the rebels have recrossed the river. I anticipate no trouble to-night, but may have to-morrow. I shall be on the alert.

15 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

