
6-pounder gun and one-12 pounder howitzer with it. I don't anticipate attack at present. The section of artillery has reported, and is stationed at Bovina.

OSTERHAUS.

General GRANT,

(Through General Ord.)
HDQRS. NINTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Keigwin, June 26, 1863.

GENERAL: IN receipt of your favor of to-day. I fully appreciate your opnion relative to the intentions of General. Johnston, and, notwithstanding there is no sign of an immediate attack, my guards and precautions will be kept up as strictly as possible, to give me timely warning of any change that may take place.

A few minutes ago I returned from Baldwin's Ferry and from the picket beyond, connecting my vedettes there with those at Hall's Ferry. I found everything quiet, and the arrangements there satisfactory. The standing pickets and vedettes are regularly, and at least three times a day and night, visited by a system of patrols along the river bank and the public road. There are three stationary vedettes north of the bridge here to Bridgeport Ferry-at Brooks, Crocker's and Hooker's plantations, and besides a patrol, under a very energetic officer. All these points, and all others on the river, are visited several times in twenty-four hours. The blockade is getting as perfect as it can be made. I instructed Colonel Wright, at Bridgeport Ferry, to make the closet connection with the Fourth Iowa, and gave him a copy os such parts of your kind letters as will enable him to render the fullest co-operation to execute your instructions. If you have a draughtsmen with your headquarters, and would be king enough to have me a copy made of a map exhibiting the roads and principal points in the section north of Bridgeport, it would be a very great help to me, and in an emergency would render my command more effective.

With great respect, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

P. J. Osterhaus,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Major General William T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

JUNE 29, 1863.

General McArthur's [troops] are exchanging shots with rebels across the river at Messinger's Ford, and my pickets at Bridgeport have been also fighting since 10 a. m. No attempt made, as yet, by enemy to cross the river. My pickets are still on thee river bank.

OSTERHAUS.

Major-General GRANT,

(Through General Ord.)

BIG BLACK, July 1, 1863. A mounted infantry patrol, sent out this morning on Edwards Station road, was fired into near that place. Men dismounted and attacked (the enemy was about 50 strong, infantry and some mounted

