
men), and drove them beyond Edwards Station. Lieutenant Sample of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, was severely, and two men, wounded. The enemy's loss not known.

OSTERHAUS.

General GRANT,

(Through General Ord.)

BIG BLACK RIVER, July 3, 1863.

Colonel Wright reports the following:

I caught one of Breckinridge's men to-day, and learn from him that Breckinridge arrived at Bolton last night, with 7,000 troops and large supply train. Johnston is moving from above to form junction with B., the prisoner thinks, in my front, and will arrive at or near the river-to-night. Whitfield's cavalry moved from Bolton last night as Breckinridge arrived. The prisoners thinks they moved to the right, but does not know.

P. J. OSTERHAUS.

General GRANT.
HDQRS. NINTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Big Black, MISS,. July 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I send you the prisoner whom I mentioned in my telegraphic dispatch of this p. m. He was a lieutenant in a Louisiana regiment, and was to be mustered out in consequence of the consolidation of his regiment, and be drafted agin as a private. Such is the story he gives for the cause of his desertion.

He reports Breckinridge 7,000 strong (nine brigades, each with one six-gun battery). Of the whereabouts and strength of Johnston's army he knew nothing reliable. Of the contemplated attack he is also ignorant. With great respect, I am, general, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

General U. S. Grant, commanding Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg.
HDQRS. NINTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Big Black, MISS., July 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I give you, in this inclosure, copy of a dispatch just received from Colonel Wight. *I ordered a picket to remain for this night on the river opposite Crocker's Ferry. There may be a probability that it was that picket which was heard, but I have in means to ascertain as yet. Your command being in the immediate vicinity of Colonel Wright's position, 1 beg leave to request, in case of an emergency, your kind support. I ordered Colonel Wright to apprise you of anything that my transpire on his front, and I will do the same from here. I think Vicksburg will be ours to-morrow morning.]

With great respect, I am, your most obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General John McARTHUR,

Commanding Sixth DIVISION.

---------------

*See Wright's dispatch, above.

---------------

