
Number 14. Report of Captain Charles H. Lanphere, seventh Michigan Battery, including operations May 16 and 17. NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., May 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the batters of May 16,17,19,20,21,22, and 23:

All the battle of Champion's Hill, on the 16th instant, not being able to get a position for my guns, my battery remained in the rear. I therefore have no report to make.

At the battle of Big Black River, at 9. 30 p. m., May 17, I put right and left sections on the right of the road, about 800 yards in front of the enemy's works, where the guns were worked at intervals until the enemy's works were carried. The center section I advanced 300 yards to the front and 50 yards to the left of the right and left sections, where the guns were worked with food effect until the enemy were driven from their works, when I advanced the entire battery no the lagoons in from of the rifle-pits, where for about one and one-half hors we shelled the opposite side of the river. No casualties.

May 19. -Moved forward at 9 p. m. At 11 a. m. arrived within sight of the enemy's works in the rear of Vicksburg. At 2 p. m. put my battery into position upon a bluff 1 mile in front of the enemy's fronts, from which position worked two hours, when I advanced one gun within 800 yards of the enemy, where it was worked with effect until dark, the remaining five guns being worked at the same time from the first position.

May 20. -Had a small breastwork thrown up during the night upon the position occupied by the gun advanced to the front last evening, in which I placed four guns. Here I have the range of twelve of the enemy's fort; worked these guns here to-day with good effect. The right section remained in the position occupied yesterday, firing briskly all day.

May 22. -Enlarged the work upon the hill last night and placed the right section with the balance of the battery. My guns were worked briskly until 12 m., and slowly during the afternoon.

May 23. -Position not charged to-day; guns worked slowly. Up to the present time the enemy's artillery has subjected me to but little inconvenience. No casualties, except the 1 man wounded on the 20th.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

C. H. LANPHERE,

Captain, commanding Seventh Michigan Battery.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, NINTH DIVISION.

Number 15. Report of Lieutenant Oscar F. Nutting, first Wisconsin Battery. CAMP IN REAR OF Vicksburg, MISS., May 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Below I have the honor to report the part taken by the First Wisconsin Battery in the engagements of May 19-23. About 11 a. m. on the 19th, the battery, under the command of Lieutenant

