
port one section of Captain Lanphere's battery. Major Hawke and Adjutant Riddle deserve great credit for their cool and efficient aid rendered me during the day. And my line officers were ever in their places, urging their men to do their duty.

The following is a list of casualties during the day: Killed, 6; wounded, 14; MISSING, 1.

On the morning of the 17th instant, we left our bivouac and marched in the rear of our DIVISION on the road toward Big Black Bridge. We had only marched about 2 miles when the firing commenced in front. We followed on to a point where the NINTH DIVISION turned off the road to the left. At this point I was ordered by General McClernand to move with my regiment on the right of the road, and form a line in the rear of General Lawler's brigade, which was hotly engaged. I remained at this point, when General Carr ordered me to support his DIVISION, which was [engaged] with the enemy in his works at the bridge. I remained at this point for some time, when General Lawler ordered me up to support a charge ne was preparing to make the enemy's works. I had not my line in position when the right regiment of his brigade charged across the open field toward the enemy. The general rode up to me and ordered me to charge at the same time, which I did, and I don't think it was anything but the daring bravery of the officers and men which ended the contest so quickly, for we had within 100 yards of the works a bayou to cross, with a heavy abatis, when the enemy commenced putting cotton on their ramrods and showing a willingness to surrender. My men charged into the bayou, and my regiment was SECOND in the works, although they had farther to charge and deeper water to wade through than three others that started in advance on us.

Captain McConahay, of Company A, was the only man I had wounded in this engagement, which was the poorest fight I ever saw the rebels make. After Captain McConahay fell, Sergt. [Windall, who is one of the bravest of the brave, and always proved himself such in every engagement, led the company in the fight, and was one of the forest in the works. I would recommend him to the commanding general for promotion for the gallant conduct he has displayed in every skirmish and battle the regiment has been engaged in since its organization

JAMES KEIGWIN,

Colonel, commanding.

W. A. JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Lucas, seventh Kentucky Infantry, including engagement at Big Black River Bridge. --- -, 1863.

On the morning of the 16 the of May, 1863, being in command of the Seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, I was ordered to move forward with said regiment to the front of the First Brigade, which was then on the road leading from Raymond, MISS., to Edwards Depot, on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad, about-miles from Raymond. In obedience to said order, I advanced with my regiment as prescribed, preceded by one company of the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, and throwing forward a few vedettes and Companies A and F, of my regiment, as skirmishers, advanced about 2 miles, where the cavalry finding the enemy's

