
Oscar F. Nutting, was ordered into position on the extreme left of the line, coming into battery and opening fire immediately on the works of the enemy, about 1. 1/2 miles to the WEST of us. At 5 p. m. the right section of the battery, under charge of First Sergt. Edward. P. Aylmer, was ordered to move on the right and three-quarters of a mile to the front, where it again opened fire, the other two sections remaining on front, where it again opened fire, the other two sections remaining on the ground they had occupied during the day.

On the 20th, the right section moved again to the front, the center and left sections of the battery moving up also the their front, the center and left sections of the battery moving up also to their front about three quarters of a mile, keeping up a brisk fire until dark.

On the 21st, the center and left sections moved up half a mile and opened fire, the right section remaining in position on the ground it had occupied the previous night, and fired almost without intermission all day. Each of the sections remained in these positions on the 22nd and 23rd instant. The firing was kept up constantly and with great precision, doing fearful execution on the enemy's works.

On the 22nd, the right section succeeded in blowing up one of the enemy's caissons, and on the 23rd, the center and left sections blew up two more. These explosions, taking place within their fortifications, must have caused fearful havoc among their men. We are fortunate enough, I am happy to say, to have no casualties to report. During these five successive days both officers and men behaved nobly. Some of our ammunition was very poor, and worked badly, exploding in the guns; but our present supply appears to be much better.

I remain, captain, your most obedient servant,

O. F. NUTTING,

Lieutenant, commanding First Wisconsin Battery.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 16. Report of Brigadier General Albert L. Lee, u. S. Army, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST BRIG, NINTH DIV., THIRTEENTH A. C., May 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have respectfully to report that on the morning of the 19th instant, in accordance with directions from the commanding officer of the DIVISION, I deployed my brigade in line of battle, facing and distant from the enemy's works near VICKSBURG about three-fourths of a mile. A section of the First Wisconsin Battery was planted on my left, and opened on a fort in plain view. Our line of skirmishers advanced and met with no opposition. I then advanced the line about one-half mile, over a country very much broken in character and difficult for the passage of troops. As our lines passed through a slight guns with shell and canister. Sheltered by the many ravines. We escaped much damage, and rested in a deep ravine. At this time (1 p. M.) received an official copy of order from the corps commander, directing that at 2 p. m. a simultaneous charge be made along our whole line on the enemy's woks. At that hour my men were formed in line

