
of battle and advanced in splendid order. As our line appeared on the brow of the hill and in full view of the enemy, he opened upon us a most murderous and raking fire from his many batteries on our front and flanks. The line steadily advanced, however, but only to find their way anew impeded by step gorges and almost impassable ravines.

So far as possible I sheltered the different regiments behind these irregularities of ground, and continued the advance always under a galting fire. Arrived by slow approaches within 300 or 400 yards of the line of forts, our advance could no longer be regular, but rather in small bodies of skirmishers.

At this point I was, unfortunately, struck by a musket-ball, the ball entering my right cheek, and passing out at the back of my neck. This wounded disabled me and I left the field, turning over the command of the brigade to Colonel Keigwin, of the Forty-NINTH Indiana Regiment.

In conclusion, I can only say that the behavior of the troops of this brigade was fine, and the commanders of regiments particularly deserve from me the highest praise and commendation.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General, commanding First Brigade, NINTH DIVISION.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, NINTH DIVISION.

Number 17. Report of Colonel James Keigwin, forty-NINTH Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE.

May 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the late engagements in the rear of Vicksburg, on the 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd, and 23 instant:

On the 19th, we were formed in line of battle by General Lee, who at that time was commanding the brigade, in the following order: The Forty-NINTH and Sixty-NINTH Indiana, one hundred and eighteenth Illinois, one hundred and twentieth Ohio, and Seventh Kentucky. Each regiment was ordered to deploy one company forward as skirmishers, skirmishers advanced to get as near the enemy's works as possible. Our skirmishers advanced about 500 yards, when the line was ordered.

Our line moved forward as rapidly as possible, the nature of the ground leading us all into one line, which brought all five of the regiments into such a mass that General Lee ordered the regiments on the right of the brigade to move by the right flank, in order once more to get our lines in order.

During this move the enemy poured grape and canister into our front and shell into our flanks, which disabled quite a number of our officers and men.

