
At this point General Lee was wounded, while gallantly leading his brigade in the charge. The Forty-NINTH Indiana moved on as ordered by General Lee, and arrived at the ravine immediately in front of the large work, and the other regiments were moved back or remained got to the point in front of the fort, I ordered the Forty-NINTH Indiana to open fire on the enemy, which resulted in the silencing of the guns from the work.

I remained at this point until after dark, when I posted a company from each regiment to hold the ground already gained during the night, and had the Forty NINTH to retire to the rear for rest.

Agreeably to orders, I moved the brigade forward before daylight next morning to our line of pickets, and remained during the day at this point, skirmishing with the enemy. I ordered a strong picket to remain, and had the brigade to retire for the night for rest and rations.

On the 21st, we were again in line before daylight, and skirmished with the Confederates all day. In the evening left a strong picket; retired, and bivouacked for the night.

On the 22nd, we were ordered to prepare our columns for an assault, which was done in the following order: Colonel Lindsey, with the SECOND Brigade, formed the right column. Immediately on his left I formed the Forty-NINTH and Sixty-NINTH Indiana in column, doubled on the center, which formed the center column of the DIVISION. The left column eighteen Illinois Infantry, doubled on the center, with the One hundred and twentieth Ohio as a reserve.

At the signal the three columns moved, and, judging from their appearance, every officer and soldier seemed confident of success; but as we neared the enemy we found obstacles which were more in our way than the balls of the enemy. The abaits in the ravines between us and the enemy's works were almost impassable. The Forty- NINTH Indiana passed the first abatis and found cover behind a small hill under the works of the enemy. The Sixty-NINTH Indiana, on the left, I ordered to open fire on the enemy, who were concentrating a fire on us from three different points. They opened their fire with telling effect, which materially assisted the Forty-NINTH in crossing the first abatis.

The Seventh Kentucky suffered more severely than any of the rest of the regiments in the command. They were leading the charge on the left, and had to pass over a bare hill, when the enemy poured such a heavy and destructive fire into them that part were forced to retire, and those that did get over the point were forced to remain thee prisoners until dark, when most of them succeeded in making good their escape.

The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois charged over the hill on the right of the Seventh Kentucky, but were forced to retire, as the fire of the enemy was too hot for them to remain, it also being evident that the abatis could not be passed. We remained at the points gained until after nightfall, when I left a strong picket, and retired to our former bivouac.

On the 23rd, I ordered two companies from each regiment to skirmish with the enemy in the front, relieving them regularly during the day.

Inclosed I send you a list of the casualties in the brigade from the 16th instant to the 23rd . *

---------------

*Embodied in revised statements.

---------------

