
In conclusion, I will say that every officer and soldier in the command was ever prompt in obeying all orders that were given by me during the time I was in command.

I am, sir, very respectfully. Your obedient servant,

JAMES KEIGWIN,

Colonel, commanding Brigade.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, NINTH DIVISION.

Number 18. Report of Colonel John G. Fonda, one hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry, including operations May 16 and 17. BIG BLACK RIVER RAILROAD BRIDGE, MISS. May 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, number 94, I have the honor to report a statement of the part the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry took in the engagements of the 16th, 17th, 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd and 23rd .

On the morning of the 16th, the regiment marched in rear of Lanphere's battery. On arriving near where the line of battle was formed, an order was given by General Osterhaus to form line in the road on the hill. Afterward an order was received through an aide to move down the hill and form in the timber, on the left of the Sixty-NINTH Indian, with orders to govern my movements by those of that regiment.

At about 11 a. m. a forward movement was made. My regiment was thrown into a very unfavorable position, and received a heavy fire from the enemy. The company of skirmishers, who steadily advanced, and its captain killed and first lieutenant mortally wounded; the orderly sergeant and one private were also wounded. At the time it was thought the sergeant and one private were also wounded. At the time it was thought the sergeant was mortally wounded, but there is now some hope of his recovery. I secured a more favorable position as speedily as possible, and shortly after the brigade moved forward again. The enemy attacked us here, and seemed to make an effort to break through our lines. They were repulsed and the position held. Shortly there was a was caused by an attack on the extreme right of the brigade. Fearing that it might cause some excitement among my men, I kept them in line until the other regiments had changed front, when I moved my men by companies to the new position, where we remained until 3 o'clock.

The total loss was 2 commissioned officers killed and 3 enlisted men severely wounded. We encamped that night at Edwards Station.

On the 17th, we moved toward Black River, and at 8 o'clock a. m. formed line of the right of the Seventh Kentucky, and moved steadily forward toward the fortifications. AT 12 p. m. we entered the intrenchments.

On the 19th, the regiment was formed in line in sight of the fortifications at Vicksburg, with the Sixty-NINTH Indiana on the right and One hundred and twentieth Ohio on the left, with one company of skirmishers in advance. In this order we moved forward in the direction of the fortifications, and took position in a ravine, and had 5 men wounded. The regiment encamped here for the night.

On the afternoon of the 20th, a forward movement was again made,

