
which secured the last height in front of the rebel works. One man was here killed. At night the regiment was moved back to the camp of the 19th instant.

On the morning of the 21st, moved out to the front and remained there all day, and returned to the same camp at night.

On the 23rd, and order was received to charge the works of the enemy. My regiment was formed in column by DIVISION in the rear of the Seventh Kentucky, with order was received to charge the works of the enemy. My regiment was formed in column by DIVISION in the rear of the Seventh Kentucky, with orders to follow it over the hill. That regiment advanced until about two-THIRDS of it had reached the top of the hill, when the enemy's fire became so severe that those who had not passed broke back and did not pass. No further attempt was made to pass the hill, for the reason that the ground beyond was so cut up with ravines and covered with brush that it was impossible for troops to pass over it.

I remained at the top of the hill with my regiment during the day, skirmishing with the enemy all the time. near night they opened a heavy fire upon us as though they intended to drive us from the hill. A company of the Twenty-SECOND Indiana came promptly to my aid, and they were repulsed. At dark I was ordered to withdraw. The men were much exhausted, having been on constant duty since the morning of the 19th.

The following casualties occurred:*

Very respectfully. Your most obedient servant.

JOHN G. FONDA.

Colonel, comdg. One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry Vols.

Captain W. H. PECKINPAUGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, first Brigade.

Number 19. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Lucas, SIXTEENTH Indiana Infantry, first Brigade, tenth DIVISION, including operations since April 13. CAMP IN FIELD, near Vicksburg, MISS. May 24, 1863.

SIR: On April 13, we received orders to took two day's rations and prepare to march at a movement's notice. The day passed and no further orders until, next morning, the 14th instant, we were order to strike tents and be ready to fall in. My command was formed at 4 o'clock, and took up our line of march on the road leading from Milliken's Bend to Richmond La. We marched out 4 miles, and encamped for the night at a place called Oak Hill.

Next morning, 15th instant we took up our line of march. Traveled all day until we arrived at Holme's plantation, a distance of about 15 miles, where we remained in camp until Saturday evening, April 21, when we again took up our line of march, and arrived at Smith's plantation about 11 p. m., where we remained until 2 p. m. next day, April 22, when we embarked on transports in Bayon-and ran into the Mississippi River opposite New Carthage. We then ran down as far as Perkins' plantation, where we disembarked, and encamped for the night, remaining there until Tuesday, April 26, when we received orders to embark on transports and barges and prepare for the attack on Grand

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 2 officers and 3 enlisted men killed and 15 men wounded.

---------------

