
Big Black, destroyed the railroad bridge, and fell back to within 3 miles of Vicksburg, where their works commenced.

On the morning of the 19th, our skirmishers were ordered to the front, where they remained all night. We had I man killed.

On the morning of May 20, the SIXTEENTH Regiment was ordered out as skirmishers. We advanced within 300 yards of the enemy's works. At night was were relieved by General Benton's brigade, general Carr's DIVISION.

On the 21st, we were ordered to rest.

On the morning of the 22nd, a circular was received from General Burbridge, stating that a simultaneous charge would be made around the while line; that General Benton was to charge the enemy's works at 10 o'clock the same morning, and his brigade was to support mine. Ten o'clock arrived. The troops started according to orders; drove the enemy, inside of the fort, and held them three in check until 6 o'clock in the evening, when General Quinby's DIVISION came up to relieve us. We were ordered to fall back. In doing so enemy came out of their little excitement. Their works could not be crossed. We fell back to our old position held in the morning, and remained for the night.

Our loss in killed and wounded I sent to your headquarters, which amounted to 31 men in all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Colonel, commanding SIXTEENTH Indian Volunteers.

Lieutenant R. CONOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant -General.

Number 20. Report of Colonel Peter J. Sullivan, forty-eight Ohio Infantry, SECOND Brigade, including operations since December 20, 1862. HDQRS. FORTY-EIGHT REGT. Ohio VOL. INFANTRY, Vicksburg, MISS., August 4, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to circular dated July 19, 1863, from Major-General Ord, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Forty-eight Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the ever-memorable and eventful campaign just closed with the fall of Vicksburg and Jackson:

This regiment, formerly in the command of Major General W. T. Sherman, was attached to Brigadier General A. J. Smith's DIVISION by Special Orders, number 21, from Major General S. A. Hurlbut, dated For Pickering, Tenn., December 19, 1862, and by him assigned to said SECOND Brigade, commanded by Colonel W. J. Landram.

About this time, consequent on wounds received in the battle of Shiloh, and a severe fall from my horse near Memphis, fracturing my right arm and wrist, while I was in command of Port Pickering, Tenn., I was placed on detached service by order of Major General W. T. Sherman, and was continued on said service by a subsequent order. (Number 25.) from Major General U. S. Grant, dated January 25, 1863; consequently the command devolved on Lieutenant Colonel Job. R Parker.

On the 20th of December, 1862, in pursuance of orders, this regiment, numbering 379 enlisted men and 213 commissioned officers for duty under command of said Lieutenant Colonel Parker, embarked on board a trans-

