
port at Fort Pickering, Tenn., and accompanied the expedition down the Mississippi River, under command of Major General W. Sherman.

On December 27, 1862 we landed at the mouth of the Yazoo River, and were immediately advanced with the rest of the troops some 6 miles toward Vicksburg, where we had a successful skirmish with the enemy, without loss to this regiment. For several days succeeding, our brigade was placed in reserve, and on January 2, 1863, received orders to embark at 2 a. m., which was duty effected and without loss to the regiment. From the Yazoo River we were conveyed in transports to White River, thence into the Arkansas, and on January 10 were landed at Arkansas Post (Fort Hidman), which was by our forces immediately closely invested by land and water.

January 11, 1863. -The forenoon was occupied in making dispositions of the United States troops preparatory to an attack on the enemy. This regiment was placed in reserve, and we were informed by the brigade commander that he did not much expect to need it. Half an hour after the commencement of the action it became evident that the whole force would be required

The Forty-eight Ohio was then ordered to the right of this brigade, to support Brigadier-General Burbridge's line, which it did with promptness and in good order. On reaching the point designated, brigadier General A. J. Smith, our DIVISION commander, in bold and commanding language, ordered us forward, saying,"Forty-eight Ohio, go right in!"The regiment then marched forward under a galling fire, through tangled brush and fallen tree-tops, to the top of a ridge; thence over a fence to an open field, thence by the right flank about 200 yards; thence by the left flank in line of battle, until we came within 150 yards; thence by main fort and directly in front of it. Here we were ordered to halt and lie down, and immediately afterward to rise up and "forward", which we did until we came within a very short distance of the fort, keeping about 5 p. m., when he hauled down his colors and hoisted the white fort, and ours was the SECOND flag planted on the main fort.

Colonel Landram, our brigade commander, who had fought gallantly by our side, complimented us on the spot, saying the Forty-eight Ohio was the best old regiment out. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Hammond, chief of Major General W. T. Sherman's staff, also complimented the regiment for its usual dashing bravery.

Our loss in this engagement was but 2 killed and 14 wounded; three were no casualties among the commissioned officers, except a slight flesh long range in his left forearm, just as the regiment was marching up to its position and before it was engaged in the action. He immediately retired from the field, and Captain Peterson, of Company K, then took command and led thee regiment into the action. A few days after he was so wounded, lieutenant-Colonel Parker went home on a twenty day's leave of absence, and did not again rejoin his regiment until the 27th of April 1863. Soon after this engagement, captain Peterson resigned, and Captain Lindsey, of Company B, took command of the regiment.

We remained at Arkansas Post until January 17, when we again embarked on board our transports, and the expedition steamed down into the Mississippi River, landing at Young's Point, La., January 23. Here the regiment was engaged for some time in digging the canal. The weather became so wet that our camps were in many places overflowed,

