
and the privations and sickness of our troops in many regiments(became) so serious that the Thirteenth Army Corps was ordered to Milliken's Bend, La., more heatly and drier locality, where we landed March 9.

Here the troops rapidly recovered their health. That of this regiment, I m happy to say, however, had been invariably good since we left Fort Pickering, but one or two deaths from disease having occurred during this time, and the regimental hospital, under the charge of Dr. Willis, never having more than three or four patients in it at a time, notwithstanding the extremely severe privations undergone by the men. This is owing in a great degree to the care which was paid to the cleanliness of the men and the fine sanitary condition of the camp. The credit of this is mainly due to Captain Lindsey, who was then in command of the regiment; to Adjutant McGill and to Dr. Willis, who were indefatigable in their efforts to maintain a proper police and sanitary condition. The company commandants, too, cheerfully aided in this good work.

April 15, in pursuance of orders, we moved from Milliken's Bend to the lower landing below Hard Times, where we arrived April 29, encamping on the way at Richmond, roundaway Bayoun, Holmes's Smith's and Rossel's plantations, Reddel's Bayou, Perkins' and Elliot's plantations, and Hard Times, a distance of 62 miles.

ssed the Mississippi River, landing at Bruinsburg, MISS., and next morning, after a march of 15 miles, we met and engaged the enemy at Magnolia Hills, and kept driving him back all day.

Next day (May 2) we marched, into Port Gibson, a distance of about 2 miles, without meeting the enemy, he having retreated during the night.

From Port Gibson we marched, via Bayone Pierre, willow Springs, rocky Springs, big Sandy, Cayuga Old Auburn, new Auburn, and Raymond, to Champion's Hill, near Edwards Station MISS.

Here there was a severe and bloody engagement with the enemy. During this engagement our regiment was detailed to act in reserve and guard the trains, and, after the enemy was defeated, we moved on the 17th to Black River, crossed it the next day, and marched to within 5 miles of Vicksburg, a distance of 65 miles from Port Gibson and from Milliken's Bend 123 miles.

On the 19th, we advanced and drove the enemy' pickets out of their rifle-pits into their fortifications.

May 22, we engaged in the charge on the enemy's fortifications in rear of Vicksburg, and, after a most sanguinary and bloody engagement, succeeded in planting our bullet-riddled flag, on the enemy's fort nearly in front of us, where it remained till evening, when the enemy massed his forces in vastly superior numbers to ours, and regained possession of the fort. Perceiving his intention, we saved our flag before the charge was made.

At 10 p. m. we were ordered to fall back. The Forty-eight was never driven back from its position near this for until ordered to fall back, as above stated. There were none with our flag while planted on this fort save the color-guard, the regiment being a little to the left of the fort during the time.

Our casualties in this engagement were, so far as I have been able to ascertain, 32 enlisted men killed, wounded, and MISSING; also Major Moats, one of the bravest and truest of men, was mortally wounded, and has since died. Captain Gunsaullus, of Company F, a gallant and deserving officer, was severely wounded, is I am happy to say, fast recovering officer, was severely wounded, but is, I am happy to say, fast recovering. Lieutenant Colonel Job. R. Parker, by some means or other, received a very slight flesh wound on the cheek-bone, merely breaking the skin.

