
He shortly after retired from the field, and on May 31 went home on a twenty day's leave of absence. He has never since returned to his regiment nor reported to these headquarters.

Fired with the determination of aiding in the reduction and capture of Vicksburg, at my own special request I was released from detached service at Memphis, and on the evening of June 22 last I rejoined my regiment, then in rear of Vicksburg, and on the next day resumed command.

Our troops in the mean time were digging their zigzag way up to the enemy's breastworks. Gradually we closed in upon him till July 3, when General Pemberton opened negotiations with Major-General Grant, which ended in the surrender, of this great stronghold to the United Stated force on July 4. Thus, indeed, was a glorious triumph for liberty and humanity.]

Early the next morning we marched, among 50,000 chosen troops, under command of Major General W. T. Sherman, in hot pursuit of General Joe Johnston and his forces, and after four day's march, hungry, thirsty, and sunburned, we came up to him at Jackson, MISS, where we found him strongly intrenched, with formidable breastworks and forts in his front and flanks, and the Pearl River and an impassable swamp in his rear.

During the siege, which lasted eight days, we wee almost continually on the alert, and gradually and steadily advancing upon the enemy until the night of July 16, when, after severe fighting, he stole away and field from the veteran Sherman and his gallant and well-disciplined troops, who love him as a child would a fond father. Our casualties here were but 2 men wounded.

In the memorable campaign just closed with the fall of Vicksburg and Jackson, the Forty-eight, regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry has had but 11 men killed, 38 wounded, and 1 MISSING; in all, 50 including officers and men.

By the circular above alluded to, I am ordered to mention the weakened and chicken-hearted as well as the brave and true officers and men of the regiment. This regiment, with but a very few exceptions. Has been celebrated for its good order and discipline, as well as for its dashing and gallant bravery on the field of battle.

The accompanying paper, marked A,*contains the names of those gallant officers and men who deserve to be kindly remembered and rewarded by their country.

Adj. R. C. McGill, who has just resigned, on account of had health; Drs. Willis and Wiles, surgeons of the regiment, and Captain Lindsey, deserve special mention for their untiring efforts to preserve the good health of the men, and to enforce good order and discipline on all occasions. Those are tried and true men. Lieutenant Lynch, acting quartermaster of the regiment, is also entitled to credit for the execution of his duties.

Those brave fellows, the color-guard., who were in the charge on the enemy in rear of Vicksburg n May 22, ought to be remembered and held up as true heroes by the brave and the true. Their names are David L. Vore, company E, color sergeant; Issac H. Carmin, corporal Company A; Isaac Scott, corporal Company B; Metcalf Bell, corporal Company D; Albert N. Shurmard, corporal Company G; James D. Wolf, private Company K.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

