
The health of the regiment, with but a few exceptions in good.

The strength of the regiment is present and absent 362 enlisted men and 27 commissioned officers. Of this number there are present for duty 269 enlisted men and 17 commissioned officer.

Should time, health and circumstances permit, I will make a more extended an minute report of the part which my regiment has taken in this struggle between liberty and anarchy since its action in the battle of Shiloh up to the fall of Vicksburg and Jackson. My feeble health compels me to abridge this report, yet I trust I have fulfilled all the requirement of the said circular.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER J. SULLIVAN,

Colonel, commanding.

First Lieutenant C. C. TRACY. A. A. A. AG., SECOND Brigadier, tenth Div., thirteenth A, c.

Number 21. Report of Brigadier General Alvin P. Howey, u. S. Army, commanding Twelfth DIVISION. HDQRS. TWELFTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, MISS., July 5, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the forces under my command before Vicksburg.

My first brigade, commanded by Brigadier-General McGinnis, arrived before the outer works of Vicksburg on the 20th day of May. On the 22nd, that the brigade was ordered by Major-General McClernand to support General Osterhaus' DIVISION on the extreme left, in an attack upon the city, which was to be simultaneous along the whole line. I was personally ordered to take charge of the batteries in front of Osterhaus' and my own command. Those placed in battery were Captain Foster's 20-pounder Parrotts (First Wisconsin), Lanphere's 10-pounder Rodmans (Seventh Michigan), and the SECOND Ohio, under command of First Lieutenant Augustus Beach, and SIXTEENTH Ohio Battery, under command of First Lieutenant Twist. During the attack these batteries did admirable execution, and fully sustained their part of the charge, and my brigade, supporting his forces, was not seriously engaged. The brigade at this time, owing to the sickness of General McGinnis, was commanded by Colonel William T. Spicely.

On the 24th of May, my SECOND brigade, under command of Colonel James R. Slack, arrived from Black River Bridge, having been relieved by Brigadier-General Osterhaus. Colonel Lindsey, of the Night DIVISION, with his brigade, was temporarily assigned to my command. At that date I commanded, the extreme left of the continuos line of our forces. Colonel Lindsey's brigade on my right, colonel Slack's in the center, colonel Lindsey's brigade on my right Colonel Slack'; ' in the center and General McGinnis' brigade on the extreme left.

Receiving order on the 23rd to prepare for a siege, my forces commenced the work with spirit, and during the whole period prosecuted their labors with success, pressing our rifle-pits to within a few yards of the enemy's fortifications. During this period, cap. George W.

