
Schofield placed his battery (First Missouri) in position, and with much labor succeeded in procuring four 240 pounder siege guns from Haynes' Bluff, which did great execution during the siege. The strain upon my forces was extreme. For more than forty days they were under constant fire, casualties happening daily in the midst of their camps; men were killed and wounded in their beds, at the table, in the rifle-pits., and yet, during all this long period, there was no murmur, no complaint. They were veterans and determined to succeed.

On the 4th day of July, 1863, the city surrendered, and on the 5th without time for a glimpse at the prize, my DIVISION was ordered by Major General E. O. C. Ord, who has succeeded to the command of the Thirteenth Army Corps, to pursue the retreating forces of General Johnston.

Officers and men displayed great firmness, coolness, and bravely during this ever-memorable siege, and I cannot discriminate among them.

* * * * * * *

Killed, 19, wounded, 76; total 95. No report having been received from Colonel Lindsey, I am unable to report his casualties.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant.

ALVIN P. HOVEY.

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES. Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 22. Report of Major Salue G. Van Anda Twenty -first Iowa Infantry, SECOND Brigade, fourteenth DIVISION. BATTLE-FIELD, near Vicksburg MISS., may 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the action taken by the Twenty-first Regiment Iowa Volunteers in the battle on the 22nd of May, 1863 in the rear of Vicksburg.

The Twenty-first Regiment received orders to be ready to charge on the enemy's works at 10 a. m. . At the hour precisely, I formed the regiment in the rear of the gallant Twenty-SECOND Iowa, within 20 rods of the enemy's rifle by the hill immediately in front of their works. I then gave orders to fix bayonets, and charge by the left flank over the hill and into the enemy's rifle-pits. During this charge, the fire of the enemy from both flanks, as well as the front, was terrific. Many of our officers and men fell on every side, but with a determination that knew no fear, the enemy's works were gained, and they were routed from their stronghold. This position we held till after dark, pouring continually a destructive fire into their ranks. Being unable t hold our position longer, we withdrew under cover of darkness, carrying with us many of our killed and wounded. The loss of our regiment in this terrible struggle was severe; many of our officers were killed of wounded. An official report is herewith furnished you*. Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Dunlap was shot through the head and instantly killed. He was wounded at the battle of Port Gibson and was unable

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 161.

---------------

16 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

