
to keep up with the regiment, but fame up after the charge. In the death of this brave soldier and gallant officer the regiment has sustained an irreparable loss. Our total loss is 12 killed, 80 wounded, and 13-missing-supposed to be killed or taken prisoner. Of the officers and men of my command in this terrible charge, I can only say that every man did his duty. Cap; J. M. Harrison, of Company C, was seriously wounded while at the head of his company, cheering on his men. Lieutn. W. A. Roberts, acting adjutant, was dangerously wounded while driving the enemy from their works. Lieutenant S. Bates, company I, was left on the field, and has since been taken prisoner. Captain D. Greaves was seriously wounded while leading his company being on the right. Many other officers were wounded. How any man ever returned alive from that terrible fire I cannot imagine. Company A, captain Jones, and Company B, captain Crooke, were sent out as sharpshooters, and did effective service. Hopping the conduct of the Twenty-first Regiment Iowa Volunteers in this battle will meet the approbation of the general commanding the brigade, I remain, captain, your obedient servant,

S. G. VAN ANDA.

Major, commanding Twenty-first Regiment.

Captain B. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General SECOND Brigade, fourteenth DIVISION.

Number 23. Report of Major Joseph B. Atherton, twenty-SECOND Iowa Infantry. IN THE FIELD, near Vicksburg, MISS., May 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the action of the Twenty-SECOND Regiment Iowa Volunteers in the memorable contest with the enemy upon their defenses in the rear of Vicksburg on the 22nd instant.

At 4 a. m. the regiment took position opposite the enemy's works preparatory to the charge, where we were sheltered by the crest of a hill, and Companies A and B deployed as skirmishers. We lay upon our arms until 10 a. Am. the appointed hour for the charge, when we formed in line of battle on the summit of the hill and immediately pressed forward.

From our first appearance upon the hill we were exposed to a terrible fire from the enemy, concealed within their forts and rifle-pits. The men maintained their line and advanced like veterans to the ravine in front of the enemy's works, and made a charge upon the fort situated to our right.

While here, we were exposed to a murderous fire from the front and an enfilading fire from the right and left, the enemy's works being so constructed as to effect this result. The column pressed forward stormed the fort, took possession of the same and its inmates, and held in until dark.

We maintained our position during the day, receiving and returning the fire, they concealed in their forts and other defenses, we in a great measure without any shelter. A continuance of the contest was deemed unadvisable, and we retired under cover of the night.

