
All the officers and men engaged behaved like true American patriots, and displayed so much gallantly that it might seem infectious for me to mention any in particular, yet I cannot refrain from mentioning the daring exploit to Sergt. J. E. Griffith, of Company I, who with 12 men scaled the enemy's works, entered the fort, and killed or captured all the enemy within, and then escaped, the only survivor of the daring fear. I present his conduct for your consideration, and earnestly recommend his promotion as a reward for his valor.

Our loss in killed is severe, and I have to regret the loss of Captain James Robertson and Lieutenant M. A. Robb, who fell while gallantly leading their men to the charge.

All discharged their duty well and proved themselves worthy of being called defenders of our Union, and entitled to the gratitude of the county. Unsuccessful through no fault of theirs, they shoved themselves patriots, obeyed orders with alacrity, and rushed into the storm of deadly MISSILES without faltering.

Colonel W. M. Stoner was wounded in the early part of the charge, and Lieutenant-Colonel Graham taken prisoner about dark, when the enemy retook the fort. I have, therefore, the honor of making this report.]

A list of the killed and wounded in hereto attached. *

Very respectfully,

J. B. ATHERTON,

Major-Commanding Regiment.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 24. Report of Captain Charles N. Lee, twenty-SECOND Iowa Infantry, including operations since May 1. HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND IOWA, Vicksburg MISS, August 3, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-SECOND Regiment Iowa Infantry in the late campaign in this State:

In the battle of Port Gibson, on May 1, the Twenty-SECOND Iowa played a conspicuous part throughout the entire engagement, and retired from the field on the evening of the same day, after a hard-fought battle of twenty hours under a burning sun, throughout which time they were exposed to the fire of the enemy and notwithstanding the fatigues to which then men were subjected the day previous, and the loss of sleep during the whole night, hey unflinchingly bore the hardships, and gave true evidence to the world of their gallantry, endurance, and bravery on the field of duty. When it was announced that the enemy were retreating and falling back in the direction of Vicksburg, the Twenty SECOND Iowa was among the first to march forward in pursuit. After a long and tedious march through dust, mud, rain, and the extreme heat, for several days in rapid succession, we came in contact with the enemy, posted in a strong position on Champion's Hill, where on that memorable day was fought the bloodiest battle of the war, ending in the most dis-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 161.

---------------

