
of half a mile, to within 20 feet of the rebel works, and began mining. We could no advance much farther without bringing on a general engagement, which the rebel army avoided by an unconditional surrender to General Grant on June 4.

In this siege the Twenty-SECOND Iowa, by their great endurance and undaunted courage, have won the brightest name on record. Their works in the rear of the Gibraltar of the Southern Confederacy will stand not as the monument of human ambition, but of never-daylight fame, to the brave soldiers of Iowa.

On July 5, we marched in pursuit of Johnston's army, at Jackson MISS., and after a siege of nearly two weeks of that place, the enemy evacuated, and we returned to Vicksburg.

Thus end the most brilliant campaign in modern times; the most important in its results. The opening of the Mississippi-the Father of Waters -from its source to the Balize to the commerce of the world will infuse confidence and strength in the American people that will one day hurl like a mighty avalanche against the abettors of this cursed rebellion, and their gated emblem of treason will train in the dust.

Respectfully submitted.

C. N. LEE, captain,

Commanding Regiment.

Colonel W. M. STONE.

Number 25. Reports of Major General William T. Sherman. U. S. Army, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps. At McCall's, June 23, 1863_11 a. m.

DEAR GENERAL: Parek, with Smith's DIVISION and one brigade of his Yankee troops, in on the river road from Neily's to Post Oak Ridge, with orders to feel forward to the bridge across Bear Creek 6 miles beyond Post Oak Ridge. My cavalry in now down at Little Bear Creek, on the Birdsong road. Tuttle's DIVISION in close up to the cavalry, and McArthur's is near here, and we are waiting for this troops to come up. I will put them on the Birdsong road. Parke and I can communicate by the ridge from McCall's to Neily's . After nooning,. I propose to go forward to the Big Black. I hear nothing of Johnston at all; no trace of him or signs of his approach. The country is ill-adapted to large masses. It is cut up my impracticable ravines, and all the roads re on narrow ridges, where a regiment will find difficulty in forming a front. A small force can oppose to this side of Big Black, I thing it cannot be done. If he crosses Big Black and comes by any road, I shall, of course, meet him and opposes him, calling for all the help I may deem necessary. Order Osterhaus to be ceratin to blockade all roads from Big Black toward Vicksburg, between Clear Creek and this road. After over, I will communicate the fact; but no matter what his strength, he must come by narrow roads, and I have as many men as can be handed on such grounds. If I conclude he does not design to come in

---------------

*See also the Jackson campaign, Sherman's report of July 28,

pp. 532-542.

---------------

