
Everybody still reports a few rebel force at Mechanicsburg. Vernon, Brownsville, and Bolton. Militia collecting at Jackson. Johnston vibrating between Jackson and Calton.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

General GRANT.

OAK RIDGE, July 2, 1863.

I do not believe Johnston will come in by Hankinson', but will be ready to move in that direction on short notice. My scout to Auburn will develop the truth, and I had him made speed.

SHERMAN.

Major-General.

General GRATIN.

OAK RIDGE, July 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have you dispatch. I have sent forces to make a bridge at Messinger's as soon as the surrender is certain. Order my corps to march by the Bridgeport road to Griffin, ord's corps to the railroad crossing at railroad bridge, and I will order Palre's corps to cross at Birdsong, all to concentrate north of Bolton, to move direct on Johnston, wherever he may be. The Railroad should be broken east to Meridian and north to Grenada. Order all troops to move lightly, with ten days' rations of bread, salt, sugar and coffee. If Rawlins will send J. Condit Smith an approximate return of the troops, I think he will have the rations provided and hauled. I will concentrate at Bolton and strike from there.

Pemberton will probably have advised Johnston of his purpose to surrender. The enemy's pickets on the other side are shy, but are there. I propose to bridge at once to-night. The move will only made in force when I known own corps and Ord's are crossing.

W. R. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

General Grant.

Number 26. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Simeon D. Swan, fourth Iowa Cavalry, Fifteenth Army Corps. CAMP near Vicksburg, MISS. May 22, 1863.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your orders, I proceeded with my command, on the afternoon of the 19th instant, toward and within 3 miles of Hayne's Bluff, and sent forward Captain J. H. Peters, with 25 men, to reconnoiter.

Arriving there at 4 p. m. found the position evacuated, with the exception of 7 men, who were posted as guards over a magazine. He took them prisoners, with their arms, and signaled the gunboat De Kalb, which was about 2 miles below the Bluff, she came up, and he placed the prisoners aboard. On arriving at the Bluff, lieutenant, Clark, company B, was dispatch below the Bluff, to signal the gunboat. His signal was not observed by those on board. On his return

