
marched in the rear of First, Brigade, in the following order: One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, twenty-SECOND Kentucky, first Wisconsin Battery, SIXTEENTH and Forty-SECOND Ohio. After moving some 3 or 4 miles on the road leading from Mrs. Jones' to Edwards Station, I was notified that the enemy was in our front. I was then ordered by the general commanding DIVISION to send four companies-two deployed as skirmishers, and the other two as their support-into the woods on the right, to press the enemy, and, if possible, ascertain their position and strength. the execution of this order to place the remainder of the brigade, with the First Wisconsin and two sections of the Seventh Michigan Battery, in position to repel an attack, my front and flanks to be well protected by skirmishers. Having executed this order, we soon heard the skirmishers of the One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, and the First Brigade opened upon the enemy, who apparently gave way. In this position we remained something like one and a half hours, when I was ordered to advance two regiments, leave one in column on the road at a point where a plantation road turns off to the left, and with the other to turn off upon the last-mentioned road, and advance until the regiment in column should reach the opposite edge of the woods, immediately in front of my first position, and from there throw skirmishers to the front. The One hundred and fourteenth Ohio was left at the point above mentioned in the road, the four companies under Major Lynch having been previously ordered in, and the Twenty-SECOND Kentucky of our line on my right that I would soon receive the order to advance the Twenty-SECOND Kentucky, I asked to be allowed to strengthen it by either the Forty-SECOND or One hundred and fourteenth Ohio. Lieutenant [Jacob] Swigert, one of my aides-de-camp, returned with the information that both of the regiments sent for had been ordered by General Osterhaus into action on the right, but that the SIXTEENTH Ohio would report to me in front immediately, and that a brigade from General Carr's DIVISION would advance with me.

As soon as the SIXTEENTH could move to the front, the two small regiments there under my command, numbering--men, companies from each having been left with the artillery, were formed in line, awaiting the advance of the brigade on our right, they had formed some distance to our right and rear, and also the order for me to move forward. The latter soon came, to the effect that I should move forward and take the woods to our right and front, which had the appearance of being a point at which the enemy were rallying and re-forming such of his broken columns as had been driven back on the right.

At command the line moved forward in very good order, until it came to a very large drain, running through the open field one which we were moving. Here they became somewhat broken; but the fire of the enemy was so severe that I did not deem it prudent to halt sufficiently long to reform entirely, but, as soon as the bulk of the men were over, ordered them to advance. From this point to the woods we moved very rapidly, the SIXTEENTH Ohio moving, however, to far to the left to reach the woods in time for the Twenty-SECOND. The latter regiment went into the skirt of the woods, but was very soon driven back a little over the brow of the hill. Here they were halted by Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, commanding, and the SIXTEENTH coming up, both regiments again charged into the woods.

This position, which we held for about half an hour, we were com-

