
to the Bluff, captain Peters hoisted a signal, and the boat moved up the river. He also proceeded to Snyder's Bluff, and found the place evacuated. The enemy left nine large gun's, all of them dismounted, and a considerable amount of fixed ammunition. The magazine were not disturbed. He also found a hospital this side the Bluff, containing about 50 sick. Most of the enemy'; s tents were left of the ground.

Very respectfully,

SIMEON D. SWAN.

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN.

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

Number 27. Report of Co. Charles R. Woods, seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding SECOND Bridge, first DIVISION, including operations since May 2. WALNUT HILLS, MISS. Near Vicksburg, May 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the brigade under my command left Grand Guff, MISS., on the 8th instant, and marched with the rest to the DIVISION to Hankinson's Ferry, a distance of 28 miles, where we took position to cover the ferry, and remained until 12 m. On the 10th instant, during which time the pioneer corps of the DIVISION destroyed the boat bridge across Big Black. Encamped on the night of the 10th instant on Big SANDY.

About 10 o'clock on the 11th, reached the crossing of Fourteen-Mile Creek, where the cavalry ran into an ambuscade, and lost several men, killed and wounded. Immediately, by order of Major-General Sherman, moved up with my brigade, five regiments of infantry and the First Missouri Flying Battery, and took position in front of the cavalry. After throwing five or six shells into the woods, I ordered the SEVENTEENTH Regiment Missouri Volunteers, major Francis Romer commanding, to cross the creek in line of battle, preceded by two companies as skirmishers on the right of the road, and the THIRD Regiment Missouri Volunteers, lieutenant-Colonel Neumann commanding, and Thirty first Regiment Iowa Volunteers, colonel William Smyth commanding, on the left of the road. About twenty minutes were consumed in getting the regiment skirmishers of the SEVENTEENTH Missouri were hotly engaged with the enemy, who were concealed in the dense underbrush. The Twelfth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, co. Hugo Wangelin, commanding was ordered across on the right of the SEVENTEENTH Missouri, to support it. The skirmish lasted about half an hour, only the skirmishers of the SEVENTEENTH Missouri being engaged.

Loss of the SEVENTEENTH Missouri 4 killed and 5 wounded, as per inclosed list; Thirty-first Iowa, Christian Jehl, wounded; Landgraeber's Flying Battery, John Bower killed, making 5 killed and 6 wounded. Of the enemy 2 killed and 1 wounded were left on the field. Encamped about 2 miles from the crossing of Fourteenth Mile Creek

On the 13th, passed 4 or 5 miles beyond Raymond, and encamped on the Jackson road.

On the 14th, entered Jackson, MISS, and encamped on the edge of the city.

