
Colonel Stone commanding, being in the advance, suffered severely, but as soon as it gained the ravine one wing was thrown forward as skirmishers, and succeeded in great measure in keeping down the fire of the enemy.

In the mean time, however, the Twelfth Missouri crossed into the ravine, and lost heavily in killed and wounded. The other regiments lost but few. So soon as the troops could be got in position, the charge was ordered, the Twelfth Missouri leading, preceded by the THIRD Brigade in line. The ground being broken and obstructed by ravines, brush, and logs, it was impossible to move forward with any regularity. The Twelfth Missouri, colonel Hugo Qangelin commanding, moved forward over the crest of the hill in gallant style, exposed to a withering fire but were repulsed before the other regiments of the brigade could reach the top of the hill. The four right companies, having more favorable ground to move upon, reached a covered position near the foot of the enemy's breastworks, and were obliged to remain until dark before they could be recalled. Company F, on the left wing, had all but 9 men killed and wounded. The regiment went into the charge about 360 strong, and lost 11 officers and 97 men killed and wounded during the day. The Twenty FIFTH Iowa, deployed as skirmishers, did good execution and lost severely. Inclosed I send a consolidated list of killed and wounded, taken from the regimental reports ; up to the 25th instant. * It wounded, taken from the regimental reports up to the 25 instant. * It is due to the men of this brigade to say that during all the hardships of the long and tedious march from Grand Gulf to Jackson, and thence to our position in rear of Vicksburg, they were cheerful, and did their duty well although a great portion of the time they ions, and had to live on meat alone, as a considerable portion of the hard bread issued on the road proved to me moldy and unfit to eat. The officers and men, during all the skirmishes on which they have been engaged have done their duty well and faithfully, and deserve the highest praise.

I have to regret the loss of Major-Lightfoot, twentieth Missouri, killed in the charge of the 22nd, whilst gallantly leading his men into action Major Lightfoot was a gentleman of high attainments, and a brave, gallant, and faithful officers. Captain Denny Captain Ande. Adjutant Kastne, and Lieutenant Eggart, of the same regiment all brave and gallant men, fell whilst in the discharge of their duty.

Left Milliken's Bend, May 2, and reached Hard Times Landing, 1 p. m. on the 6th instant. Crossed over to Grand Gulf, MISS., on same evening, where we remained during the 7th, and left for Jackson and Vicksburg as above stated. Nothing of importance occurred on the march from Milliken's Bend to Grand Gulf.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Colonel, commanding BRIGADE.

Major J. W. PADDOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WALNUT HILLS, MISS., June 15, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that about 11 o'clock last night a fleet of skiffs passed up from Vicksburg around the point. Owing to the darkness, it was impossible to tell how many there were. As soon as it was reported to me, I sent 50 additional men over to the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statements.

---------------

