
gunboat Cincinnati, and opened with a 12-pounder howitzer on the point opposite, with spherical case and shell, supposing that those on watch at the gunboat and mortars, seeing the direction of my fire to cease. After waiting about ten minutes five shots. I ordered the fire to cease. After waiting about ten minutes, a working party of the Twenty-FIFTH Iowa, near the river, commenced firing with musketry. I then ordered the entire battery of Landgraeber to fire, colonel Stone from near the river directing the fire, which was kept up until the boats gon out of reach on the direction of Vicksburg.

Whatever the enemy's intention was, they were foiled, as they evidently turned round as soon as I commenced firing. I think the object of the expedition was to blow up the Cincinnati, as the enemy kept up a continuos fire from one heavy gun on the Cincinnati from 3 o'clock in the afternoon until about 11 o'clock, at which time the skiffs left Vicksburg, and then turned their fire on the mortar-boats. Hereafter I will throw shell in the direction of the point of land, as a signal for the Navy to be on the lookout.

Since the foregoing was written, a lieutenant of the 50 men sent to the Cincinnati last night reports that the officer of the guard there informed him that three large boats came up near the gunboat, when, being hailed, the reply was that "they belonged to the mortar-boats"; that the boats thereupon kept the gunboat between them and the guard, and stuck out into the middle of the river and in the direction of Vicksburg. The tug had been near the gunboat earlier in the evening, but had some time before approach of these three boats gone up the river.

I am, major, very respectfully, obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Colonel, commanding SECOND Brigade.

Major J. W. PADDOCK.

P. S. -I shall order the guards at the Cincinnati to fire hereafter at all boats approaching at night, except the tug.

Number 28. Report of Colonel David Carskaddon, NINTH Iowa Infantry, THIRD Brigade, including operation since December 29, 1862. BIG BLACK RIVER BRIDGE, MISS. August 11, 1863.

I have the honor, in compliance with General Orders, number 64, dated Headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, August 1, 1863, to report:

That since the first attack upon the defense of Vicksburg by this army in December, 1862, the NINTH-Iowa Infantry has participated in but three of its many hard-fought battles, viz Chickasaw Bayou, MISS., December 29, 1862; Arkansas Post Ark., January 11, 1863, and Vicksburg, MISS., May 18 to July 3, 1863. If by official proof to substantiate these is meant complimentary orders issued by immediate commanders, none, so far as I know, have been received in either case.

Official reports of these battles, by brigade and DIVISION commanders(General Thayer and Steele), have never been seen. To these, if they are attainable, I would respectfully refer.

Further, at Vicksburg, between the 18th of May, when the regiment

