
was first engaged, till July 3, our loss was: Officers killed, 5; severely wounded, 4; enlisted men killed. 35 wounded, 75 total killed and wounded, 119. Out of less than 300 engaged, 78 of this number fell in failed to wave from the enemy's fort only after the last one of the four color guards had fallen, either killed or severely wounded, in the heroic attempt to plant and maintain it there.

At Chickasaw Bayou, December 29, 1862, the regiment was ordered by General Thayer, commanding the brigade, to advance and take position to the left of the line which had just charged the enemy's works and were falling slowly back. My regiment moved up, passing them until considerably in advance of the other troops, entirely unsupported, and suffering from a severe and raking fire from the enemy's artillery. Finding it ceratin annihilation to advance farther alone, or to remain, we retired a few rods, under cover of some logs and trees, where we continued picking off the enemy's guards and sharpshooters whenever they appeared, until ordered back to bivouac for the night, the assault having been given up. Our loss, fortunately, in the engagement was inconsiderable, there being but 9 wounded.

At Arkansas Post, the regiment was placed in very much the same circumstances. Being held in reserve at first, it was afterward moved up near the enemy's intrenchments, formed in line, together with several other r of skirmishers, preparatory to a final and determined assault, the regiment having been ordered for this purpose to fix bayonets and reserve its fire; but, before the word "forward" was given, the white flag from the enemy's fort proclaimed that the battle was won. Here also our loss was not heavy, though larger than before.

Such I deem to be, in brief the facts. My report must necessarily be meager and destitute of evidence, not having been in command of the regiment at either of these battles, though each time present. Of those who were in command, one was mortally wounded while leading the regiment in the assault of May 22, 1863, and the other is now beyond the limits of the department. This much I known, that the officers and men of the regiment have always, on every occasion, to the best of their knowledge and abilities, obeyed every order and done their whole duty.

Very respectfully. Your obedient servant,

DAVID CARSKADDON,

Colonel, commanding NINTH Iowa.

The PRESIDENT BOARD OF OFFICERS,&amp;C.

Number 29. Report of Major General Frank P. Blair, Jr., u. S. Army, commanding SECOND DIVISION, including operations since May 7. HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 24, 1863.

GENERAL: On the return of my DIVISION from the Yazoo River, on May 2, after making the feigned attack upon Haynes' Bluff, I was ordered to remain at Milliken's Bend, to guard. that post, and to construct a new road across the peninsula for the transportation of supplies to Grand Gulf, until relieved by other troops from Memphis. I remained

