
at Milliken's Bend with my DIVISION, performing the duties assigned me, until the morning of May 7, when I received your obedient to march with two brigades of my DIVISION to Grand Gulf, and join your corps, then marching against Jackson MISS.

I commenced the march on the morning of the 7th, with the First and SECOND Brigade, commanded by Colonel Gilles A. Smith of the Eight Missouri, and Colonel Thomas Kilby Smith, of the FIFTY-fourth Ohio, and left the THIRD Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General Hug Ewing, to garrison Milliken's Bend and to complete the new road from Young's Point across the peninsula to a point on the river below Warrenton.

I arrived at Hard Times, opposite Grand Gulf, at 1 o'clock on May 10, a distance, by the road, of 63 miles. I had great difficulty in procuring transportation across the river, but succeeded in crossing both brigades by 10 o'clock on the night of the 11th, and took up my line of march on the morning of the 12th for Jackson.

I was ordered to escort a large supply train, consisting of 200 wagons, and this, with my own train, delayed my march, and I did not reach Raymond until the evening of the 15th. I marched, under your instructions, from Grand Gulf, by the road to Willow Spring's Rocky Springs, commissioner's Creek, and Auburn to Raymond.

On the evening of my arrival at Raymond, I received orders from General Grant to move, with General A. J. Smith, commanding a DIVISION in General McClernand's corps, on the lower road to Edwards Depot, on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad, where it was expected that we should meet the enemy in force. General McClernand order General Smith to take the advance.

On the morning of the 16th, I moved with my DIVISION, at the hour named, on the line indicated, and, when a short distance from Raymond, heard the report of General Smith's guns, who had come in contact with the enemy. I immediately pressed forward to his support. Both DIVISION then pushed forward against the enemy, who was in considerable force in our front and on the right, from which point he opened on us with a battery of heavy guns, to which we replied from a section of 10. Pounder Parrot guns, belonging to General Smith's command.

At this moment an order reached me from General Depot, on my immediate right. On receiving this order, my own DIVISION and that of General Smith were immediately disposed on high and commanding ground on the right and left of the road; buon was hardly the right, indicating a severe engagement, and upon consultation with General A. J. Smith, it was resolved to move forward to the support of the DIVISION engaged.

As troops were being put in motion, a staff officer arrived from General McClernand, informing me that General Hovey, on his extreme right, was heavily engaged with the enemy, and ordering me to throw out one brigade to the right to connect with General Osterhaus' left, and to move forward the other brigade in supporting distance of General A. J. Smith, who was ordered to move forward, by the road. This order was executed by throwing out the First Brigade, colonel Giles A. Smith, to the right, while the SECOND Brigade, colonel Thomas Kilby Smith, moved with the column of General A. J. Smith.

As soon as the right of my First Brigade reached the left of General

