
every inequality of ground which afforded them shelter, and every effort of General Ewing and Lieutenant Colonel Louis. Von Blessinight to rally them and urge them forward proved of no avail. Both of these officers exposed themselves very much in the effort to encourage this regiment, and they were SECONDED in their efforts by the officers of the regiment.

Lieutenant A. C. Fisk, aide-de-camp to General Hugh Ewing, was conspicuous in his efforts to encourage and animate them to go forward to the assistance of their gallant comrades, who could be seen already upon the very-intrenchments of the enemy, and Sergt. Major Louis Sebastian, thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, went along the whole line of the regiment, exposing himself to the heaviest fire of the enemy, exhorting and remonstrating with the men and urging them forward; but it was all in vain. They refused to move, and remained in the road, blocking the way to the other regiment behind, and I was finally compelled to recoil and shelter themselves, and which was less than 150 yards from the bastion, I ordered the brigade Colonel Giles A. Smith forward by the same route, while it was better covered from the fire of the enemy. Led through ravines made almost impassable with abatis of fallen timer, and did not admit of anything like a charge. I therefore directed Co. Giles A. Smith to go forward as rapidly as the nature of the ground would admit, and to assault whenever he found it practicable to do so, and directed Colonel Thomas Kilby Smith to follow close up and support any movement Colonel Giles A. Smith should make. Colonel Giles A. Smith pushed forward, following the ravine to the left of the position of General Ewing, and reached a ridge about 100 yards from the enemy's intrenchments.

At this point he found General Ransom, commanding a brigade of the DIVISION of General McPherson's corps, who had approached by a ravine from the left of my position, and who, from the nature of the ground, was able to advance his brigade under cover still near to the enemy's works than that Colonel Smith. General Ransom and Colonel Smith communicated with each other, and determined to make a simultaneous assault. It was late in the afternoon before these brigades were able to reach the position which I have referred to, so difficult and toilsome more so by the abatis and artificial entanglement thrown across it by given to advance, and the sharpshooter from Ewing's brigade and our artillery opened upon the enemy at the same time with considerable effect; but after reaching the face of the works of the enemy, they encountered a most fatal and deadly enfilading fire from the ethe left, which came crashing through the ranks, while in front it was found impossible to advance. Both brigades, however, maintained pertinaciously the ground they had won, and Colonel Giles A. Smith's since given by you the position has been materially strengthened and advanced.

