
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,Camp Walnut Hills, MISS, June 6, 1863/

In reviewing and submitting the report of General Blair, I can only say the facts are so fully and clearly stated that morning can be added. I take great pleasure in indorsing all he says of the conduct of his position on both days, I had this DIVISION in full view. If any troops could have carried and held the intrenchments of Vicksburg these would,

I recommend to the notice of the President the names enumerated by General Blair as worthy of promotion in their line of profession and the storming party that volunteered to scale the works,, and did do so, and remain on the exterior slope amid that fierce conflict, merit not only the medal of honor, but more substantial reward.

In justice to Colonel T. Kilby Smith, who commanded the SECOND Brigade, the absence, of whose report is noticed by General Blair, I explain that I know he prepared a report, and showed it to me about May 24, at the time General Blair was absent, detached toward Yazoo City, and, now that General Blair has returned Colonel Smith happens on detached duty at Milliken's Bend, y order of General Grant. His report will be sent in to department headquarters with this, if, colonel Smith can be heard from, and the officers and men named by him as worthy those of the other brigades.

In making special mention of Colonel Giles A. Smith, commanding First Brigade, I but repeat former expression of praise. An officer who is always present with his command, who carries a severe wound without a flinch or the loss of a minute's duty, and who takes a pride in studying his chosen profession, deserves the special notice of his commanders, without a just cause for the envy of any other. Being in command of a bridge, and worthy of it, he should have the rank.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, commanding.

Number 30. Report of Captain Samuel E. Barrett, battery B, first Illinois Light Artillery. HDQRS. COMPANY B, FIRST ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTILLERY, Walnut Hills, MISS May 25, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I herewith respectfully submit to you the part taken by my command in the series of engagements lately undertaken for the reduction of Vicksburg.

My battery left Milliken's Bend La. (marching with the SECOND Brigade, SECOND DIVISION), on the 7th instant arriving at Hard Times Landing, La., on the 11th, and crossing the same afternoon to Grand Gulf, MISS.

On the 12th instant, we took up a line of march, making Raymond, MISS., on the 15th, and, proceeding toward the Big Black River, on the 16th were in position on the left of the line of battle, engaged in action at or near Chapel Hill. Toward evening of this day I

