
was ordered by Major General F. P. Blair, Jr. Commanding DIVISION to report to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding Tenth DIVISION, THIRTEENTH Army Corps, with my battery but was not brought into action.

On the 17th, the pursuit of the enemy was commenced at an early hour, and we crossed the Big Black at dusk, encamping about 2 miles WEST of that stream that night.

Marching early on the morning of the 18th, we came in sight of the enemy's works about Vicksburg at 4 p. m., and immediately opened upon them with three guns, firing but a few rounds.

On the 20th, I was ordered to put two of my pieces in position on the right of the Vicksburg road, the rest of the battery (four pieces) remaining in the position occupied on the previous day. Firing was kept up at intervals during the day, mostly directed at the enemy's or opposite us. My loss on this day was 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

May 21. -During the forenoon my piece remained in same position as on the 20th, at noon the two pieces on the right of the Vicksburg rad rejoining the balance, of the battery to the left, firing during a part of the day. Casualties, 3 horses wounded.

At 3 a. m. of the 22nd, in obedience to orders from Major-General Sherman, I moved my battery to the next ridge in our front, distant from the enemy's works about 400 yards. We intrenched ourselves as well as possible, and during the day were engaged in action for a large portion of the time. Twice during this day the works of the enemy were unsuccessfully stormed by our infantry, and my practice was in a great measure directed by its movements. My loss this day was 1 man killed by the enemy's sharpshooters.

May 23 and 24 remaining in same position, improving our defenses, and firing a few rounds at nightfall of each day. During the series of engagements before Vicksburg, my battery expected 1,400 rounds of fixed ammunition. My casualties thus far are 2 men killed, 1 wounded, and 3 artillery horses disabled by the enemy's fire. The behavior of my officers and men under fire and during the fatiguing labors of the past few days merits, without exception, y entire approbation.

Very respectfully. Your obedient servant,

SAMUEL E. BARRETT,

Captain, comdg. Company B. FIRST Regiment Illinois Light Artillery.

Lieutenant G. MOODIE WHITE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, SECOND Brigadier SECOND Div., Fifteenth A. C.

No 31.

Report of Colonel Giles A. Smith, FIFTH Missouri Infantry, commanding First Brigade, including operations since May 16.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., Fifteenth A. C.

Walnut Hill, MISS., May 26, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the brigade under my command in the different actions near Vicksburg from the 16th to the 22nd instant:

The brigade being most of this time under you own, eye, I shall but

