
Sixth Missouri Infantry, lieutenant-Colonel Boutell, on the right; the First Battalion Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, captain Washington, on the left; the One hundred and Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, colonel Hoge, on the right center, and the One hundred and SIXTEENTH Illinois Infantry, colonel Tupper, on the left center, with the Eight Missouri which I had to move to reach the enemy's intrenchments was a success man was directed to open a heavy fire from the crest of the hill next to the enemy's works, while the other regiment were crossing the ravine in his front.
My line then advance under a heavy fire over almost impassable ground, many pushing themselves up under the parapets of the enemy's works, while others, becoming entangled in the brush and fallen timber, took such shelter as the ridges, stumps, and logs afforded, and persistently held their ground until darkness closed the engagement.

The 20th and 21st were occupied in advancing my line, throwing forward sharpshooters, with instructions to intrench themselves as they gained ground. Desultory skirmishing was thus kept up until 10 a. m. of the 22nd, when my brigade, with the other brigades of your DIVISION, was massed in a ravine near the road, several hundred yards to the left of our former position, the THIRD Brigade, general Ewing, being in the advance. FIFTY men from my command, with two officers, lieutenant George H. Stockman, sixth Missouri Infantry, and Lieutenant Nicholas Genschwind, of the one hundred and SIXTEENTH Illinois Infantry, volunteered, with annual number from each of the other brigades of your DIVISION, as a storming party.

Captain P. P. Wood Company A. First Illinois Light Artillery, having placed his battery on the summit of a hill near the enemy's works, rendered great assistance by opening a heavy fire to cover our movements. At the signal given the storming party gallantly advanced to the works, but found it impossible to surmount them. I was then ordered to form my brigade on the left of General Ewing's and try the strength of theiroint. In conjunction with Brigadier-General Ransom, commanding a brigade on my left, I again advanced, but met so severe it absolutely necessary to order the brigade to fall back behind the crest of the hill, which was done slowly and in order, and where we still remain.

My command officers and men exhibited the greatest daring and bravery, and behaved themselves during these engagements with a spirit and courage that called forth my highest admiration. As I have not received the reports from the different regiments, I will only cite such acts of individual gallantry and bravery as came under my own observation.

Captain Washington, commanding first Battalion Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, was twice wounded while gallantly leading his men to the assault, the command then devolved upon Captain Charles Ewing, who carried the color-bearers had been successively either killed or wounded. He was himself slightly wounded in the hand and received another bullet through his hat. Captain Washington in a prisoner in the hands of the enemy. I earnestly recommend both these officers for promotion for gallantry on the field as well as their eminent fitness for higher commands.

Colonel George B. Hoge, commanding One hundred and THIRTEENTH Illinois

