
Colonel N. W. Tupper, commanding One hundred and SIXTEENTH Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Coleman, commanding Eight Missouri, and Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd, of the One hundred and SIXTEENTH Illinois, were wounded during the assault, the three former slightly and the latter seriously., they were all conspicuous for their gallantry throughout. Two color-bearers of the One hundred and SIXTEENTH Illinois were killed, 2 of the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois were wounded one instantly after the other-and 1, of THE EIGHTH Missouri, killed, and Sergt. A. E. Hilton, of the same regiment wounded, after which the colors of the Eighth Missouri were borne by Major D. T. Kirby, whose conduct deserves especial mention.

Lieutenant-Colonel Boutell, commanding the Sixth Missouri, led his regiment with great credit. Major Clarke, one hundred and thirteenth Illinois, and Major Forman, one hundred and SIXTEENTH Illinois, were Lieutenant Grenswind, of the One hundred and SIXTEENTH Illinois, in and were both wounded. Private Howel G. Trogde, eight Missouri one of the storming party, was appointed color-beaver, and planted his brought off by him being perfectly riddled with bullets. Lieutenant Isaac B. Halsey, my acting assistant quartermaster, voluntarily came on the field, displaying a total disregard of danger, and rendered me the greatest assistance. He was twice severely wounded, refusing to leave the field until receiving the SECOND shot. I earnestly recommend his promotion to assistant quartermaster, a position he is in every way competent to fill, as a reward for his distinguished service.

Appended you will find a list of the casualties in my command during the engagements I have mentioned.

I am respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Colonel 8th Mo. VOL. Infty., comdg. 1ST Brigadier 2nd Div.,15th Army Corps.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Commanding SECOND DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Number 32. Report of Colonel Thomas Kilby, smith FIFTY-fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade, including operations since May 6. HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier SECOND DIV. Fifteenth A. C.

MAJOR: IN compliance with order of even date, I have the honor to make the following report:

The SECOND Brigade is composed of the FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois, commanded by Colonel Oscar Malmborg; FIFTY-fourth Ohio, lieutenant Colonel C. W. Fisher; FIFTY-seventh Ohio, co. Americus V. Rice, Eighty-THIRD Indiana, colonel Benjamin J. Spooner, one hundred and twenty seventh Illinois, colonel H. N. Eldridge, and Company B, first Illinois Light Artillery, captain S. E. Barrett, a battery of four 6-pounder brass field pieces and two 12-pounder howitzer. On the 6th instant, at Milliken's Bend I received an order from

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, embraced in revised statements.

---------------

