
the Eight Missouri, and communicated with Colonel Giles A. Smith in person. His report will suffice for the operations of that afternoon.

I maintained the position till 10 o'clock the following morning, when, by intimation from Colonel Giles A. Smith that orders had been issued to report in person to General Blair for further orders.

I shall make ne apology for undue length of my report nor stint with measured praise the meed of the officers and men of the SECOND Brigade. I only regret my own inability in language to do them full justice. With Colonel Malmborg, of the FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois, I have been side by side in seven battles; have stood with him literally amid heaps of slain. He is always cool, prudent, and of dauntless courage, and in the recent engagement, although wounded twice, and, by strange fatality, first in the right and next in the left eye, displayed these qualities with the ardor and cheer so necessary in a charge.

Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler and Major Heffernan, of the smer regiment, were constantly in the front ranks, doing their full duty with high, bearing, setting a brave example for their men.

Colonel Rice maintained his position exactly and handled his regiment as he would upon review clam, collected, but full of daring. Should his severe wounded prove fatal, as is feared, the service will suffer irreparable loss.

Colonel Spooner had displayed in this campaign soldierly qualities of the highest order. Indefatigable in his zeal for the welfare of his men, he fight them as the handles them upon the march. Always alert and ready, he can well shred with them his own laurels, what I have said of Colonel Spooner equally applies to Lieutenant-Colonel Myers; both scorn danger and both have skill to apply their courage.

Colonel Eldridge won fro himself a conspicuous place. Among so many heroes it is hard to be distinguished, yet he was first with the foremost. The richest honors of a grateful country should be showered upon him.

The following list of line officers I make special mention of for courage, and not only for courage, but patient fortitude and endurance of horrible heat in the ravines and hillsides, and fatigue; exposed by night and day on pickets and with advanced companies of skirmishers, unmurmuring, uncompelling, only careful that their soldiers should suffer as little as possible, I make special mention of Major Frank S. CURTIS, of the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, who exhibited courage and great zeal during the first assault particularly. He was ever in the foremost ranks, and even exceeded his duty in assisting soldiers with their guns when from frequent firing they became foul; also of Captain Barret and his admirable battery. His guns were splendidly served. He and his company are veterans, and have won imperishable honor on many a hard-fought field. His discipline and drill are perfect.

Lieutenant Colonel Samuel R. Moot took command of the FIFTY-seventh Ohio after Colonel Rice had been carried wounded from the field. He handled his regiment with consummate skill and daring, proving that he was well worthy of his recent promotion.

I desire to compliment Captain G. M. White, my acting assistant adjutant-general, and my aides-de-camp, lieutenant John Enoch, of the FIFTY fourth Ohio, and Edward E. Roof, of the FIFTY-seventh Ohio, and to express my obligations to Captain Gillett, of the One hundred and

