
twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, and Lieutenant Dorchester, of Thielemann's cavalry, who were my volunteer aides. Each one of these discharged his duty with the utmost promptness and gallantry. Each one is intelligent, brave, and meritorious. I have to regret that I do not possess the power to advance them, but earnestly recommend their promotion, and ask that the commanding general secure it. I also mention the names of my orderlies, James S. Sherer and Henry Leibrandt, as worthy of great commendation fro faithfulness and courage.

Herewith I submit a list of the casualties in battle, and with a request to hereafter make a supplementary report, inasmuch as commanding officers of regiments and batteries composing my brigade, having been ordered from the battle-field upon the march, have had no opportunity to make formal report, and respectfully calling attention the reports of commanding officers of the storming party, colonel Malmborg, lieutenant-Colonels Mott and Fisher, now filed.

I have the honor to be, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

THOS, Kilby SMITH,

Colonel Comdg. SECOND Brigadier SECOND Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 33. Report of Colonel Oscar Malmborg, FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois Infantry, including operations since May 5.

IN THE FIELD, before Vicksburg, MISS.

May 25, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the FIFTY-FIFTH Regiment Illinois Volunteers in the operations against Vicksburg since leaving Milliken's Bend La.:

May 5, the regiment marched 6 miles to plantation, where it remained in bivouac thirty-six hours. Thence it marched, having been joined by the rest of the brigade May 7, to Hard Times Landing, where it arrived May, 10; crossed the river to Grand Gulf in the afternoon of May 11, and resumed the march on the Jackson road the next day. It reached Raymond, MISS. May 15, and in the battle of Champion's Hill on the 16th maneuvered with the brigade, being for a short time under fire of the enemy and excepting no loss.

May 17, the regiment crossed the Big Black on the pontoon bridge, and, leading the brigade on the following day marched to the vicinity of the first line of fortifications around Vicksburg, skirmishers being throw forward, who engaged the enemy in front.

A general assault having been ordered on May 19, at 2 p. m. the regiment advanced in line under a heavy fire to within 30 or 40 yards of the enemy's works when the FIFTY-fourth and FIFTY-seventh Ohio Volunteers, being the only regiments in the line with me, were halted by command of the brigadier. In this position they held their ground, keeping up a constant fire until dark. At 3 a. m. of May 20 they were withdraw by order to their original position.

May 22, the regiment again took part in the assault, supporting the First Brigade, and remaining in position near the enemy's rifle-pits until ordered back, on the morning of May 23. Since that time the regiment has remained in bivouac in its present position. The whole number of

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, embraced in revised statements.

---------------

