
casualties in both actions was 42, full report of which has been before forwarded to the brigade headquarters.

With three of our exemptions, which will hereafter be reported, the regiment has, during its recent marches, fatigues, and assaults upon the enemy's works, fully sustained its well-earned reputation. I feel, nevertheless, constrained to mention a few particular cases of skill and bravery on the part of officers and men of my command.

Major James J. Heffernan, who especially during both assaults, displayed all the coolness, bravery, and capacity required of a field officer on such important occasions.

Cap. Jacob M. Augustin, who during all our advances upon the enemy, and especially during these assaults, with coolness, skill, and discretion covered our advance with his company.

Captain Francis H. Shaw, who during the protracted action before the enemy's works on the 19th, did all and officer could do to encourage the men and increase the effect of their fire. In regard to Captain N. S. Aagessen, I can make the same report.

Sergt. Major Joseph Hartsook deserves especial praise for bravery and constant effort to encourage the men during action.

The following non-commissioned officers and privates I have also to report as especially deserving honorable mention:

Serg. W. H. Burnaugh, color-beared; Corpl. Joseph Corbly, James Gay, and Henry Hart, of the color-guard; Corpl. Frank Fisher, of Company B; Corpls. Amos Sandord and Jacob Sandord, of Company F; Corpls. John Warden, John Smith(wounded), and Christian Leibungart, of Company E; Sergt. J. W. Larabee, of Company I (wounded); Corpls. Robert M. Cox, Robert A. Lower, and Jerome Morford, of Company K, volunteers in the storming party.

A full report of the conduct and casualties of the 12 men composing the contribution of the FIFTY-FIFTH to the storming party of the 22nd has already been submitted by its brave and daring leader, lieutenant Porter, company E. Whose valuable services I need but allude to here.

Among the killed who distinguished themselves in the two assaults, I feel it my duty to the friends and relatives of the deceased to make particular mention of Liet. Levi Hill, orderly Sergt. John C. Glass, and Sergt. John Burns, of Company A; Corpls. Michael Ainsbury and R. S. Hamer, of Company C; Corpl. James W. Curry, of Company D; Sergt. Richard Haney and David A. Sulivan (my orderly, killed at my side in the charge of May 22), of Company F. Milton Belwood and James Donehued, of Company K.

The wounds I received on the 19th and 22 being of a slight nature I have remained with and in command of the regiment without interruption.

O. Malmborg,

Colonel, commanding FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois Volunteers.

Captain G. MOODIE WHITE,

Actg. Asst. Adjut. General, SECOND Brigadier SECOND Div., Fifteenth A. C.

Number 34. Report of Lieutenant William C. Porter, FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois Infantry. IN THE FIELD, before Vicksburg ILLINOIS INFANTRY.

SIR: A call for volunteer was made, to act as a storming party in our recent charge on the enemy's works. The call was made in our

