
The report of casualties in not complete, as it was almost impossible to get through the ravine and hills to where the regiments were.

Hopping our services and effort are appreciated by our commanding officers, I remain, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM C. PORTER,

SECOND Lieutenant FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois Infantry, company E. Captain

G. MOODIE WHITE.

Assistant Adjutant -General.

P. S. -I forgot to mention that the lieutenant of the one hundred and twenty seventh Illinois Infantry kept back from the assailing party 10 men, who remained where he did during the entire day on the road.

Number 35. Report of Colonel Hamilton N. Eldridge, one hundred and twenty seventh Illinois Infantry. HDQRS. 127TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Chickasaw Bayou, MISS. May 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instruction form you, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment since crossing the Big Black River on the 17th of the present month:

On the morning of May 18, my regiment was ordered to march on the main road to Vicksburg, which was said to be about 16 miles distant.

About 3 o'clock in the afternoon, musketry, apparently from skirmishers, was heard in the advance, and soon after I was ordered to halt and throw out two companies of skirmishers, to connect with the line of skirmishers of other regiments of the brigade. I immediately detached Companies H and I, and, under the direction of Adjutant Keyes, they made the connection as above ordered, and moved about 600 yards, in advance of the main body, at which point the timber was cut away, and the skirmishers were in plain view of the enemy, his works some 300 yards ahead. Having a good position to night, acting as a picket.

On the 19th, about noon, orders were received for an advance, with the intention of charging and carrying the enemy's works by about 1 o'clock the skirmishers were called in, and at 2. 30 the advanced was ordered in line of battle on the double-quick, my regiment following the Eighty-THIRD Indiana. In crossing the brow of the hill just beyond the point form which we started, we received a murderous unevenness of the ground, added to the fact that it was thickly covered considerable extend the men. The most of them, however, worked their way up close under the enemy's works, where the regiment's colors were planted. We maintained our position, under a galling fire, until after dark, when orders were received for us to fall back, which I did without losing a man.

I had 14 officers and 202 enlisted men when I advanced one company of 36 men, which had been out skirmishing, not having returned in time to advance with us and out of these 8 were killed and 30 wounded.

