
Among the killed I have to regret the loss of First Lieutenant Hiram McClinton, of Company H, a brave and meritorious officer, who man killed about 2,30 o'clock in the afternoon, and Sergeant Curran, of Company E, a young man of great promise, and one of the most competent non-commissioned officers in the regiment. First Sergeant Newby, of Company H. Has since died of his wounds, another brave and excellent officer. Captain J. S. Riddle, of Company G; First Sergeant Mason, of Company B; First Sergeant Douglass, company I, and Color-Sergt. F. S. Shemmerhorn are among the wounded.

On Friday, the 22nd, another advanced was order. Before falling in for the advance, volunteers to the number of 11 were called fro from my regiment, to form a part of the storming party which was to precede the main body and be the first to scale the works of the enemy. I would have been an easy matter to have raised quadruple the number of service to their country. The names of these brave volunteers I have already forwarded to you in another report, and I would most earnestly forwarded to you in another report, and I would most earnestly suggest, what I have no doubt will be done, that suitable notice be taken of their gallant action.

At 2. 20 the order came for us to advance; this time by the right flank, we following the FIFTY-seventh Ohio. We advanced this time to the left of the Vicksburg road, and then around through a sheltered ravine to a hill to a hill to the left and close to the enemy's works, where we lay until the morning of the 23rd, when we were ordered to Chickasaw Bayoun, to guard the commissary stores and furnish details for unloading boats. My loss in the engagement on the 22nd was slight 3 men killed and 8 wounded.

In both engagements officers and men, with very few exceptions, behaved with great coolness and courage, and I, think, fully sustained their reputation as Illinois volunteers. Where all did so well, it is impossible to discriminate.

I have the honor to be, with great respect. Your obedient servant,

H. N. ELDRIDGE,

Colonel, commanding.

Captain G. MOODLIE WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, SECOND Brigade.

Number 36. Report of Liet. Colonel Cyrus W. Fisher FIFTY-fourth Ohio Infantry, including operation since May 6. HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH REGT. Ohio VOLUNTARY.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Colonel Smith's circular of to-day, calling for a report of the movements of the FIFTY-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry since it left Milliken's Bend La, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the evening of the 6th instant, while in camp at Milliken's Bend. La, I received an order from Colonel T. K. Smith, commanding SECOND Brigade, SECOND DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, to break up camp, and with two day's cooked rations in haversacks and eight days' rations in wagons, to march on the 7th on the road to New Carthage.

