
According, at 7 a. m. on the morning of the 7th, the regiment was the road.

On the evening of the 10th, we arrived at Hard Times Landing on the Mississippi River, having marched 63 miles in four days.

On the afternoon of the 11th, we crossed the Mississippi River to Grand Gulf on the gunboat Louisville. Laid in bivouac that night.

The next morning we were again on the march on the road to Auburn, MISS, arriving at the latter place on the afternoon of the 15th instant, having marched 53 miles in three days and half.

On the morning of the 16th, I was ordered by Colonel Smith to follow the One hundred and twenty-seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteers on the road leading to Bolton, bringing up the rear of the brigade. Between 8 and 9 a. m. we heard heavy skirmishing in front and soon afterward the discharge of artillery. About 12 m. I received an order from Colonel Smith to deploy regiment on the right side of the road we were then marching on my left resting on the road, in which position we remained an hour, when I received an order to march on the road as before, except that I should keep ; to the right of the road, marching by the felt flank, and holding the regiment in readiness to change front the left flank, and holding the regiment in readiness to change front forward on the left company and at moment's notice. In this order I marched the regiment perhaps three-fourth of a mile, passing on the road a brigade belonging to General A. J. Smith's DIVISION, when one of the enemy's batteries fired upon us at a range of 800 to 1,000 yards to the right of the road. COLONEL Smith ordered me to halt, march back, and assume the position I had left on the road before the order to move by the left flank.

When I had reached the point where my left should rest, by order, I crossed the road and formed the line perpendicular to, and the right by order of Colonel Smith, I again moved down the road, by the left, flank, about 1. 1/2 miles, when we came upon the DIVISION of General A. J. Smith deployed in line of battle and under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. I immediately formed in line of battle, my left resting on the road, and ordered the men to lie down until I should receive further orders from 	Colonel Smith. A short time afterward Colonel Smith ordered me to move by the right flank, and then forward until the left cordingly executed, a strong line of skirmishers having been in the ordered the regiment to lie down in line of battle on their arms. Here we remained during the night.

In the morning the enemy had disappeared from the front. At an early hour on the 17th, we were again on the march, bringing up the rear of the brigade. About 10 a. m. we crossed the Jackson Railroad at Edwards Station, and took the road to Bridgeport, where we arrived at 12 m. At 8 p. m. we crossed Big Black River upon a pontoon bridge, marched 2 miles on the Vicksburg road, and filed into an open field, stacked arms, and lay down for the night, no fires being allowed until daydawn.

At an early on the morning of the 18th, the regiment was on the march, bringing up the rear of the brigade, on the main road to Vicksburg. Arrived near the works before which we are now lying late in the afternoon. The regiment was ordered to form line of battle on the left of the road and on the left of the brigade. Soon after the regiment was in line, I received an ordef skirmishers, and at dusk Colonel Smith sent an order that the regiment be deployed as

