
skirmishers, and extend the left until the right of General McPherson's line should be found.

The regiment was deployed, but I could not find the line sought for until early in the morning of the 19th; they were then joined. I was then ordered to advance the line as far as possible, which was accordingly done, the whole line resting within easy musket range of the right of thee regiment, which being accomplished, I was ordered to form in line the regiment, which being accomplished, I was ordered to form in line of battle on he left of the FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois Volunteers, supporting Battery B. First Illinois Artillery. The ammunition, having been nearly expended in skirmishing, cartridges were furnished, but found too large, though the boxes were marked . 69 caliber.

About 2 p. m. You came to me yourself and said on order was to "forward". I so instructed the color-bearer, and when the FIFTY-FIFTH COMMENCED MOVING, the FIFTY-FOURTH PROMPTLY MOVED WITH them, and kept with them during the engagement. I had no previous notice of the forward movement, or an idea that the regiment was the front of at least four ravines, very steep and difficult to pass over under the most auspicious circumstances. The line halted under the brown of a hill 150 or 200 yards from the enemy's works, breathless, but kept up a brisk fire on the parapet for a short time,, when the company commanders reported to me that the cartridges were nearly expended. I ordered ammunition could be sent, or we should be relieved. I sent Adjutant Saxon to Colonel Smith to make the proper statement. Soon afterward the FIFTY-seventh Ohio Regiment came forward and relieved the to lie down until ammunition could be furnished. Lieutenant Bell, of the FIFTY-fourth Regiment, in charge of the ammunition train, upon notice, promptly supplied us. The firing soon subsisted into mere skirmishing, and we lay down upon our arms.

A 2 a. m. Lieutenant Colonel Rice, FIFTY-seventh Ohio, came to me and said Colonel Smith had ordered him to order the regiment out of there, and that the FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois had already-gone, the FIFTY-seventh would move out immediately, and the FIFTY-fourth would follow, and regain our position before the charge. The order was obeyed by sending out one company at a time.

The regiment lost in the engagement of the 19th 1 killed and 13 wounded.

On the morning of the 20th, I received an order to move to the left, and form line with the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, supporting two guns of Hart's battery.

Placing the men under cover, we lay here until the morning of the 22nd, when notice was given that the enemy's works were again to be assaulted. The regiment was called upon for seven volunteers to go with the storming party leading the head of the column. Eleven men offered their services. I think if fit that the names of such daring, gallant fellows should be named in the official report. Their names were: First Sergt. James Jardine, company F; Corpl William Kinsley, company H; and Privates William Radtke, company A; David Jones, company C; Edward Welsh, company D; Samuel Croks, company E; Edward McGinn, company F; John Gardner, company F; Henry Buhrman, company H; Martin Ford, company H, and Jacob Sweiheimer, company I. Every volunteer who accompanied the storming

