
party from the FIFTY-fourth Regiment, except Burhrman, whose gun us broken in two by a grape-shot, reached the top of the enemy's works. William Radke was killed, Edward McGinn, severely wounded, as many as three bullets striking him in the head, and four others passing through his hat. I received a circular from Colonel Smith, instructing the FIFTY-fourth Regiment to march by the right flank, and follow the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers. Some time after 11 o'clock I put the regiment in motion, keeping close upon the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois. Filling through a ravine, we neared the crest of the hill immediately in front of the enemy's works, and over which a perfect storm of lead and iron was passing.

I halted the regiment, and ran to the top of the hill to see where we were going. In thee ravine 50, yards below, I saw the other regiments of the brigade lying down, and, as I thought, in confusion, to increase which I did not desire to rush my regiments among them. I so reported to Colonel Smith, who was standing under the brow of the hill. He replied that I was mistaken; that there was not a man in the ravine below. I returned to the brow and agin saw the regiments as before and again reported to Colonel Smith, who gave no answer, but gave the order to rush over the hill, which the regiment did in good order. As soon as we were over, I discovered that the enemy had a battery opposite the mouth of the ravine, completely enfilading the position in which we were lying.

I sent such word to Colonel Smith by Lieutenant Fisk, aide-de-camp on General Ewing's staff, but I think he did not get it. Fortunately for the regiment and brigade, the enemy'; s fire was inaccurate, and passed over us, doing no damage. In a few minutes the regiments filed down over us, doing no damage. In a few minutes thee regiments filed down the ravine by the left flank, in the same order as indicated in Colonel Smith'; s circular of that morning, i. E. FIFTY-fourth Oho Volunteers following the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteer until we were within a very short distance of the enemy's works, when Colonel Smith ordered me to form the regiment in line of battle immediately behind the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, on the side of a very steep hill.

In this position we lay until about 2 o'clock in the morning of the 23rd, when I received an order to withdraw by the left flank down the ravine, filling up another about 100 yards to our left, and to continue up that ravine until we should pass the rear of the First Brigade, moved the regiment to the ground now occupied by the regiment.

While taking the position in the rear of the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, private William R. McKibbin, company D, was killed, and Corporal Coddington wounded, which were the only casualties the regiment met with during the day.

I desire here to mention the names of Assistant Surgeon Baggs, who accompanied all our movements, and was most assiduous in the care of the wounded and in having them cared for at the earliest moment passible, never leaving his post of a moment, and Adjutant Saxton, who was constantly at his position the discharge of his duty.

Of the company officers I will only say that they did all brave men are expected to do i, e, obeying all orders promptly and energetically.

In detailing the event of the engagement of the 19 instant, I omitted to mention the fact that Sergt. Alexander Kuhl, color-bearer of the regiment, was the first man of the brow of the hill, where the regiment was halted. In every engagement he has been eagerly anxious to do all he was called on to do. I hope Colonel Smith will mention him in

