
his official report, and recommend his promotion; he is worthily and competent.

Colonel T. Kilby Smith was on the field in both engagements, and displayed the same reckless personal bravery for which he has long since distinguished himself.

Accompanying this report you will please find a list of the killed and wounded since the morning of the 19th instant.

I am, sir, respectfully,&amp;c. Ac.

C. W. FISHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding FIFTY-fourth Ohio Volunteers.

Captain G. MOODIE WHITE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,2nd Brigadier,2nd Div.,15th Army Corps.

Number 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel R. Mott, FIFTY SEVENTH Ohio Infantry, including operations since May 4. HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT Ohio VOL. INFANTRY.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Colonel T. K. Smith's circular to -day, calling for a report of the movements of the FIFTY-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry since it left Milliken's Bend, La., I have the honor, in the absence of Liet. Colonel A. V. Rice, then commanding the regiment (since wounded in an assault upon the enemy's works before Vicksburg on the 22nd instant), to submit the following report:

On the morning of the 4th instant, while in camped at Milliken's Bend, the colonel received and order from Colonel T. K. Smith, commanding SECOND Brigade, SECOND DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, to move to Richaverscale and three day's rations in wagons, there to await orders.

On the afternoon of the 7th, at 3 o'clock, the brigade coming up we were ordered to move froward to New Carthage, and on the road we received orders to leave New Carthage to our left and proceed to Hard Times Landing, on the Mississippi River, at which place we arrived on the evening of the 10th, having marched a distance of 51 miles in three days and a half.

On the evening of the 11th, we crossed the Mississippi River to Grand Gulf on the steamer Forest Queen. Laid in bivouac that night.

The next morning we were again on the march to Auburn; from thence we marched to Raymond, MISS, arriving at the latter place on the afternoon of the 15th instant, having marched 53 miles in three days and a half.

On the morning of the 16th, we were ordered to follow Captain Barrett's battery on the road leading to Bolton. Between 8 and 9 a. m. we heard heavy skirmishing in front, ans soon after the discharge of artillery.

About 12 m. We were ordered to form line of battle, with the right resting on the Eighty-THIRD Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

At 1 p. m. the regiment was ordered to march by the left, flank, file right, and move perpendicular form the line of battle. Having moved half a mile, we came in contact with a masked battery of the enemy's.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, embodied in revised statements.

---------------

