
vine, and the remaining regiments of the First Brigade to form the left column, and to move over the ridge upon the left. The SIXTEENTH Ohio was deployed as skirmishers to cover the front of the three columns.

At the appointed hour the advance was made; we crossed the abatis on the right, under fire from the right, left, and front. Here finding shelter, I ordered a halt to rest the men. On examining the ground, I found it utterly impossible to reach the enemy's works at the point I was ordered to, and so reported to the general. We maintained this position, frequently relieving the lines of skirmishers, who were actively engaged in keeping the enemy's artillery silent, until night, when we were ordered to retire, holding the advance made by a strong picket.

The casualties were as follows: Killed-Sixteenth Ohio, 4; Twenty-SECOND Kentucky, 3; Forty-SECOND Ohio, 1, and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, 6. Total, 14. Wounded-Sixteenth Ohio, 5; Twenty-SECOND Kentucky, 14; Forty-SECOND Ohio, 21, and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, 23. Total, 63.

May 23. -Before daylight, advanced the brigade to position occupied the evening previous; skirmishers engaged rather actively on the right of my line; retired to bivouac after dark to avoid drawing the enemy's fire.

The casualties were as follows: Wounded-Sixteenth Ohio, 3; Twenty-SECOND Kentucky, 2; Forty-SECOND Ohio, 1, and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, 6. Total, 12.

My entire command, both officers and men, have exhibited an alacrity and promptness in the execution of all duties assigned them truly gratifying to me. Although worn down and but scantily fed during the period embraced by this report, each and every one of them has my sincere thanks.

I cannot close this report without stating my obligations to my staff, captain G. W. Stein, acting assistant adjutant general, and Lieuts. O. C. Risdon and Jacob Swigert, aides-de-camp, for their untiring zeal at all times in carrying my instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. LINDSEY,

Colonel, commanding SECOND Brigade.

Captain J. W THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, NINTH DIVISION.

Numbers 6. Report of Cap. John L. Campbell, THIRD Illinois Cavalry. CAMP, DETACHMENT THIRD ILLINOIS CAVALRY,

NINTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 26, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor of reporting that at 9 a. m. on the 16th instant my little command, consisting of Companies A, e, and K, THIRD Illinois Cavalry, the former commanded by Lieutenant Pierce; Company E by Lieutenant Thomas B. Vaughn, and Company K by Lieutenant Zimmerman, comprising some 90 men, met the enemy's vedettes and drove them back to their skirmishers, where I dis mounted a portion of my command and skirmished with them, driving them over 1 mile along the back brow of Champion's Hill. The road was enfiladed by deep canons, heavily timbered. The enemy yielded their ground with great reluc-

