
We were then ordered to fall back to where our line of battle had previously been, and support Captain Barrett's battery, in which position we remained until sundown, when we were ordered to rejoin the brigade, which we did, our left resting on the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, where we bivouacked for the night, the men lying on their arms, the enemy re from our front during the night.

On the morning of the 17th, we resumed our march for Big Black River, about 10 a. m. we crossed Big Black River the pontoon bridge, marched 2 miles on the Vicksburg road, and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 17th, we resumed our march for Big Black River. About 10 p. m. we crossed the Jackson Railroad at Edwards Station, and took the road to Bridgeport, where we arrived at 12 m.

At 8 p. m. we crossed Big Black River on the pontoon bridge,, marched 2 miles on the Vicksburg road, and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 19th, we received orders to assault the enemy's works, which was promptly executed at 2 p. m. FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois Volunteer Infantry leading, followed by FIFTY-=fourth and FIFTY-seventh Ohio, volunteers. The charge was made over steep hills and deep ravines, which are difficult to pass under the most auspicious circumstances. The line halted under the brow of a hill 100 or 150 yards from the enemy's works. The FIFTY -fourth Ohio Volunteers having expended their ammunition, were ordered to relieve them, which was immediately done, and kept up a brisk fire upon the enemy' parapets for some time, when the firing subsisted into mere skirmishing.

At 2 a. m. of the morning of the 20th, we received an order to retire to the position we had advanced rom to make the assault. This order was obeyed by sending out one company at a time. The regiment lost in the engagement of the 19th, 5 killed and 12 wounded.

After retaking our position of the previous morning, we agin formed lien, our right resting on the Eighty-THIRD Indian Volunteer Infantry, where we remained until the morning of the 22nd instant, receiving an order that there was to be a SECOND attack on the enemy's works, and with the order a coll for 9 men, volunteers, to go with a storming party in advance of the attacking force. Fourteen men at once responded to the call. As but 9 men could be taken, the first that reported were accepted until the number was completed. I believe it to be prudent in me to give the names of these men, and but an act of justice to them that I should be done. Their names are as follows:

Company A, Sergt. David Ayers, and Private Marion D. Tate; Company D, privates, Joseph Mitchell and David Daay, company G. Sergt. Ezra Hipsher and Corpl. John H. McKinley. O of the number which accompanied the storming party 2, were killed and 2 wounded. Sergt. Ezra Hipsher and Corpl. John H. McKinley were wounded. The other five, by the aid of Divine Providence returned to their comrades and regiment.

At 10 a. m. we were ordered to fall in and follow the Eighty-THIRD Indiana Volunteer Infantry, marching by the flank left in front, which was done promptly. When we had advanced 50 yards we were compelled to halt for a moment, the ravine through which we had to pass

