
being blocked up by the troops in out front. While here, the gallant Colonel Rice received a severe wound from one of the enemy's sharpshooters. He was in a half sitting position at the time he was struck, the ball entering below the knee ranging upward. Lodging near the abdomen, thereby rendering it impossible for him longer to command his regiment; consequently I assumed the command of the same. We were again ordered forward, moving as before the enemy pouring into us a most terrific fire of shot and shell. When within easy range of the works, we were halted an ordered to return the fire of the enemy, which we did, remaining there in line until the following morning. When we were ordered into the position we now hold.

The regiment lost in this assault 15 in killed and wounded 3-killed and 12-wounded.

Of the conduct of officers and men I can but say they did all that officers and soldiers could to their whole duty.

I have the honor, to be most respectfully, your obedient servant.

S. R. MOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Comdg. FIFTY-seventh Reg. Ohio VOL. Infantry Captain

G. MOODLE WHITE.

A. A. A. G., SECOND Brigadier, SECOND Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

Number 38. Report of Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, u. S. Army commanding THIRD Brigade. HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier SECOND DIV. Fifteenth A. C.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the march of my brigade from Milliken's Bend to this field,, together with the part taken by it in the late actions:

We moved to Sherman's Landing the 9th, assisted in making a road form thence to Bower's Landing, finished it within two days, and on the 13th, being relieved by fresh troops, marched to the lower landing; reached Grand Gulf the evening of the 15th, and encamped on the Raymond road.

On the 17th, at noon, at the junction of the Gibson road, we took 203 prisoners, captured partly by the head of my column, chiefly by several gentlemen of General Sherman's staff, cols. J. Condit Smith, Morton, and others. Twenty were stragglers of Loring's DIVISION,, which had taken the Gibson road during the night. Here receiving orders from General Sherman, we took cross-rads for Bolton and again on falling into the track of our army, changed our course for Edwards Station, camping at night on the battle-field of the day before. During the night of the 18th we rejoined our DIVISION.

On the morning of the 19th, we took position on the right of the DIVISION, resting of General Steel's left, and, at the signal. At 2 p. m. charged the works of the enemy in line of battle, the Thirty-seventh Ohio on the right, the Forty-seventh Ohio and the left, the Fourth West Virginia in the center, and the Thirtieth Ohio in reserve. The left of our line, under Colonels Parry and Dayton, reached the enemy's intrenchments, and the colors of the regiments waved near them until evening. The right, on account of obstacles. Was unable to cross the ravine, but

