
covered the left in its advanced position by a heavy fire. Later, the remaining regiments were moved to the left, on the brow of the hill, prepared, on the agreed signal from the brigade on our left, to move over the track of the preceding portion of the brigade, and joining them, renew the assault. I instructed the artillery to open on the works when our line began to ascend the opposite hill. They however, opened posing the signal not being given, the charge was not renewed. From this to the 22nd, my front skirmished along the enemy's intrenchment.

At 10. 04 a. m. of the 22nd, a storming party, composed of 50-volunteers from each brigade of the DIVISION, bearing the colors of my headquarters,, and followed by my troops in column, charged down a narrow, deep-cut road upon a bastion of the enemy's works. They were instructed to bear to the left, and cross the curtain if the ditch at the salient could not be bridged. They made a foot-path at the salient, by which Captain Groce, commanding, lieutenant O'Neal, trodden the color-bearer, and other, crossing, climbed halfway up the exterior slope, and planted the flag upon it unfurled. The Thirteenth Ohio, next in order, moved close upon the storming party, until their progress was arrested by a front and double flank, fire, and the dead and wounded which blocked the defile. The SECOND company forced its way over the remains of the first, and THIRD over those of the preceding, but, their perseverance served only further to encumber the impassable way. The Thirty-seventh Ohio came next, its left breaking the column where the road first debouched, upon a deadly fire. After the check, a few passed on, but were mostly shot. They fell back, and, with the remainder of the brigade and DIVISION, came over a better route.

I formed my troops as they came up on the brow of the hill running from the road to the left, parallel to and 70 yards from the intrenchments. Here we protected our advanced men and wounded until they were gradually withdrawn, and, with a heavy and well-directed and sustained fie, covered the after attempt to charge over the intrenchments made down the same road by the brigade of General Mower.

At night the wounded, dead, and colors were brought 70 yards back to the hill, where the brigade remains, intrenching an skirmishing with the enemy.

I have tho honor to call your attention to the accompanying reports of regiment commanders, and bear testimony to the bravery of the following-officers, in addition to those mentioned therein: Colonel Parry and Dayton, of the Forty-seventh Ohio and Fourth WEST Virginia; Lieutenant-Colonels von Blessingh and Hildt, of the Thirty-seventh and Thirtieth Ohio, and Major Hipp, of the Thirty-seventh.

Lieutenants Brooks and Davis, of the Thirteenth Ohio, badly wounded in the charge of the 22nd, deserve especial mention and promotion.

Captain Hayes, of the Thirtieth, killed near the intrenchments at the head of his men, was the model of a Christina soldier. He fell in the front rank of honor, where he lived and still lives.

I inclose a list of the volunteers storming party and was wounded on the parapet, and Lieutenant O'Neal, who charged by his side and was likewise wounded, receive such high promotion as their gallantry merits.

I recommend that First Lieutenant J. H. Ralston, of the Fourth WEST Virginia Infantry, be reduced to the ranks, for absence without cause

