
on the day of battle, and that Corporals Clendenin or Boley, who saved their colors, be commissioned in his stead.

Dr. Potter, brigade surgeon, earned high commendation by uniting attention to the wounded.

Captain Voges, was completely successful in forwarding ammunition and supplies.

Captain Lofland, lieutenants Fisk McIntyre, and Odell discharged their duties with gallantry and energy.

The brigade reached the field from Grand Gulf, a forced march of 85 miles in three days, the midnight before the battle.

The troops bore themselves through with gallantry and spirit. Their general commanding believes that nothing but the broken and entangled nature of the ground over which they charged, with a want fully entering the enemy's works. Our loss in killed and wounded as follows*.

Engagements	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Battle of 19th	 50	 190	 6	 246

Battle of 22nd	 24	 116	 ---	 140

Total	 74	 306	 6	 386

A complete list of the killed, wounded, and MISSING in action, by name, company, and regiment, is herewith inclosed.

I have the honor to be sir, very respectfully your obedient servant,

HUGH EWING.

Brigadier-General.

Major W. D. GREEN.

Number 39. Report of Major Charles Hipp, thirty seventh Ohio Infantry. HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH OHO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY. May 23. 1863.

SIR: The regiment went into position on the right of the brigade on the morning of the 19th day of May 1863, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Louis von Blessingh. There companies, major Charles Hipp commanding, were previously detached to reconnoiter on the right flank and form connection with the left of General Steel's DIVISION, near the evacuated barracks of the enemy. Major Hipp, with his detachment, rejoined the regiment at the opening of the FIFTH, when the assault on the enemy's works was in progress. The regiment was then formed for the assault, with skirmishers in front, who, by order of the general commanding, moved forward slowly. When the Fourth WEST Virginia and Forty-seventh Ohio Regiments rushed forward, carrying with them some

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

