
of our skirmishers and others on the left of the regiment. The three companies then arriving, with Major Hipp, were ordered to deploy on the crest of the hill, the balance being already over, and all were ordered to halt and open fire on the enemy. Regiment remained in the same position the whole day, constantly firing, withdrawing after night. The loss of the regiment THIRD day was 8 killed and 36 wounded.

At noon of the 20th, the regiment opened fire again from the crest of the until night, when it was relieved by the Fourth WEST Virginia. The loss this day was 3 killed, amongst whom were 2 officers, and 3 wounded.

On the 21st, the regiment had 1 wounded; since dead.

The night following, two companies of the regiment were on picket on right of the brigade ground, joining the left of General Steele's DIVISION, and Company D and Company F on fatigue. Leaving these, with the exception of Company C, to occupy the enemy on the right, the rest of the regiment marched with the brigade, being the SECOND in front, to the assault of the enemy's works on the left of our former position, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Louis von Blessingh. The progress was soon retarded by some of our men of the first three companies blocking up the way with some men of the previously advanced regiment. The following companies forced their way over them, newt to the enemy's works, and opened fire on them, wich was kept up during most of the day. Lieutenant Colonel Luis von Blessing was here wounded and the command of the regiment devolved on Major Charles Hipp. Our loss on this day was 8 killed and 31 wounded.

The gallant conduct of the 13 men who volunteer for the storming party deserves particular mention. Several of them were among the first to the enemy's works.

The conduct of the officers was, without any exception, praiseworthy and brave, and they,. As well as the non-commissioned officers and men, have done their duty to my entire satisfaction.

CHARLES HIPP,

Major, comdg. Thirty SEVENTH REGIMENT Ohio VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

Lieutenant H. J. VOTTELER,

Acting Adjutant Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Number 40. Report of Lieutenant Joseph R. Reed, SECOND Iowa Battery, THIRD DIVISION. HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA BATTERY.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the SECOND Iowa Battery in the campaign just ended

On May 2, I left my encamped at Duckport, La., and marched with the SECOND Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, to which I was then attached, to Grand Gulf, where I crossed the river and moved with the brigade toward Jackson, MISS. On approaching that place, on May 14, being near the head of the column, I was ordered by General Mower to move to the front and engage a battery of the enemy, which had opened from a position commanding a brigade and its approach. I succeeded in getting a commanding position, and engaged the enemy briskly for twenty minutes, when he withdrew his

