
battery. Advancing immediately in rear of the line of infantry, I was ordered to place the battery in position near a house on the right of the road, and from this position I opened a brisk fire in the direction of the town of Jackson, which I continue but for a few moments, when I ceased, by order of General Tuttle, I soon afterward moved forward with the DIVISION to the town, where I remained until the 16th instant. In this affair my loss was 1 man severely wounded.

On the 16th instant, I moved back with the DIVISION in the direction of Vicksburg, and on the 20th instant I occupied a position near the when I was advance to another, much nearer the enemy's lines.

On May 21,22, and 23, from our first position a vigorous fire was kept up on the enemy's lines. At one time on the 22nd I was ordered by Major Taylor, chief of artillery, Fifteenth Corps, to advance two of the guns to a position outside of the intrenchments. For timely and vigorous to a position outside of the intrenchments. I am indebted to Colonel Judy, of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry, who gallantly came to my assistance with a squad of his men at a time when my own men were almost exhausted with their exertions. Soon discovering that the position was very much exposed, ant that I could accomplish nothing by holding it, I asked and obtained permission to withdraw may guns.

On the night of May 23, by order of Major Ezra Taylor, chief of artillery Fifteenth Army Corps, I detached SECOND Lieutenant Charles F. Reed, with one section of the battery, to accompany the brigade of General Moer on the expedition to Mechanicsville. He was absent until June 3.

On May 27, major Taylor turned over to me and ordered me to man one 30-pounder Parrot gun. With this gun I was enabled to do a great deed and very effective service. I worked it until June 22, when, with the DIVISION I moved to the vicinity of Big Bear Creek, where I remained until July 4, when with the DIVISION I moved again toward Jackson.

In the siege of that place I took no very active part, as I only got into position on the night of the evacuation by the enemy. I append a list of casualties in the battery during the whole campaign-1 killed, and 6 wounded.

J. R. REED,

First Lieutenant, commanding SECOND Iowa Battery.

Lieutenant N. E. DUNCAN,

Number 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback, ninety-FIFTH Ohio Infantry, first Brigade.

CAMP near Vicksburg, MISS., June 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations last night on the picket line in front of your brigade: I had under my command four companies, two from the Seventy

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

