
did not advance. At the same time the advancing picket of the NINETY-THIRD Indiana was fired on, near the turn of the road from their left and front, and compelled to fall back on the road to the reserve.

After this firing, I passed along my line to assure myself of the then position of my command. The Ninety-THIRD Indiana advanced its picket up the road, but not so far as the turn in the road. It was surmised that the enemy had fallen back to or beyond the road and brick and board after delivering their first fire. Captain Snyder, with 5 or 6 men, was then directed to advance cautiously up the spur to, and if practicable beyond, the large green tree, to reconnoiter and ascertain whether the enemy still occupied the ground just beyond the crest. The captain and two or three of his men reached the tree and crawled a six feet beyond, very nearly to a point from which a view of the ground sloping beyond could be commanded, when a number of the enemy rose up to their left and front, and, advancing rapidly, delivered, at they came, a volley. The captain could only reply with three of four muskets, and, being largely outnumbered, removed his men a six feet down below the brow of the hill, under cover,, where they remained. From the nature of the ground near the large green three, and to the left in the road, it was impracticable for me to bring enough of my small command into action at these points to dislodge the enemy, and I determined to make a demonstration on the next spur on my left, where the ground was more favorable for advancing a number of men, so that they could co-operative in attack of defense.

Up to this point none of the men under my command had been harmed, though I regret to state that Major McClure, of General Tutlie's staff, while seconding and aiding the various operations, was wounded. I then collected Captain Stansbury's company and a portion of Captain Snyder's on the spur on my left, just under the brow of the hill, in line. The whole lin, in loose order, with bayonets fixed, was then advanced, the men moving forward on their hands and knees. My object was to turn the position of the enemy if possible, and, after receiving their fire, if they confronted us in line, to return it and charge of there was any prospect of success. My men, without opposition, got to, and some on, the crest; but at this point the enemy rose up in line a few feet in front, the light rise before us and the corn having concealed them before that from view, and in numbers apparently exceeding my force. Each side fired a volley very nearly at the same instant. The fire of the enemy, delivered a short range-the muzzle of opposing guns in some instances nearly or while crossing each other told with terrible effect on my small force. My men were ordered to which my attention was turned to the wounded, who were all removed sufficient force to take the top of the hill and advance my line to the front as far as ordered. I held Captain Stansbury's and Snyder's men under the brow of the hill, and at no time did they descend to the foot of the smaue until ordered so to do.

During these operations officers and men under my command acted with great coolness, courage, and bravery, and they have my thanks for the hearty manner in which they carried out my orders. A very few panic-stricken straggler, s perhaps, passed to the rear, where they put in circulation, it may be, such exaggerated reports as only this class can during an encounter between hostile forces.

During these operations I kept upon the road a guard taken from the Indiana company a short distance from the base of the hill, and the

