
commanding officer of the reserve was always advised of my where abouts and contemplated movements.

About 3 o'clock the bulk of my command was called back, only a very few men remaining under the brow of the hill, because they did not-by reason of being missed by the messenger receive the order to fall back, when the artillery threw a few shells at the enemy.

The list of casualties is as far as I can now ascertain of state, as follows: Eight wounded, 2 badly, and 1 MISSING (it is feared killed) in Captain Stansbury's company; 2 wounded, 1 severely, in Captain Snyder's company. From cries as of wounded men on the side of the enemy, it is supposed that they also suffered, but how much it si impossible to guess.

I am, general, very respectfully. Your obedient servant,

J. BRUMBACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Officer of the Day, June 19. Brigadier General

R. P. BUCKLAND.

Number 42. Report of Colonel James L. Geddes, eight Iowa Infantry, THIRD Brigade. IN CAMP near Vicksburg, MISS. May 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the brigade, the number of casualties in the Eight Iowa Infantry from the 6th up to the 23rd of May 1863, including the taking of Jackson, MISS., and the assault on the rebel works in the rear of wounded in left arm slightly; Corpl. Thomas Harris, company B, wounded in left his severely, and Corpl. Amos L. Graves, company K, wounded in left arm slightly. The cool, unflinching behavior of both at the taking of Jackson and during, the assault on the 22nd, was witnessed by our commanding general; I shall, consequently, make no remarks on the subject, but, trusting to his just appreciation of what constitutes good soldiers, I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. L. GEDDES,

Colonel Eight Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant N. E. DUNCAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 43. Reports of Brigadier General Jacob G. Lauman, u. S. Army, commanding Fourth DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps. HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Vicksburg, July 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to forward list of casualties in my command on the night of 23rd,24th, and 25th ultimo, when the enemy came out of his works and attempted to drive our working party

---------------

*See revised statements of casualties.

---------------

