
tance, contesting every inch of it. Company E had the advance on this occasion, and of course, had to bear the brunt of the enemy's fire.

While waiting for the infantry to press the enemy, orders came for the cavalry to charge them, which was promptly executed. Company E was led by Lieutenant Vaughn, supported by Lieutenant Hargrove. Companies A and K were gallantly led by their company commanders in support of Company E.

The head of the column passed through the enemy's skirmishers and reached a point within 75 yards of the enemy, drawn up in three lines of battle on each side of the road, with a battery in the road directly in our front. They poured into us a galling enfilading fire from their small-arms and a plundering fire from their battery. As no cavalry could long in this fire, a retreat was ordered and promptly executed.

Lieutenant W. B. Hagrave, of Company E, was wounded in the right arm sightly; 3 horses were killed and 4 wounded in the charge.

I am happy to be able to say that the entire command did their duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. CAMPBELL,

Captain, commanding DETACHMENT THIRD Illinois Cavalry.

Brigadier General PETER J. OSTERHAUS,

Comdg. NINTH Div., THIRTEENTH A. C., DEPT. Of the Tennessee.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Charles B. Kimball, First Wisconsin Battery, including engagement at Big Black River Bridge. HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN BATTERY, May 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken in the two engagements of May 16 and 17 by the First Wisconsin Battery, under my command:

May 16, coming upon the enemy strongly posted in thick timber of Champion's Hill, I placed my battery in line of battle, which was formed in the following order: One section I caused to be placed in

battery to the front, covering order: One section I caused to be placed in battery to the front, covering also a deep ravine in front and to the right of our line. The front, and also a deep ravine in front and to the right of our line. The remaining two sections of the battery I ; back in position covering the front, and also a deep ravine on the left of our line, the whole being supported by three regiments of infantry of the SECOND Brigade. In this position, with but slight change, I remained until 3 p. m. Without firing a single round, when I was ordered to move forward and join the First Brigade at Edwards Depot, where it had halted for the night, after pursuing the enemy until a late hour. I did so arriving at 11 p. m., where I also encamped for the remaining hours of the night.

May 17, moved forward at 4 a. m., coming upon the enemy at 9 a. m., strongly intrenched near Big Black. Captain Foster being present, ordered the center section, under Lieutenant Hackett, into position on the WEST side of the railroad, where it soon opened fire upon the enemy, but was shortly after relieved by the right section, on account of one of its pieces being partially disabled by the explosion of the timber chest. The left section I placed in position on the right of the line, in which position it did some execution; but, as the enemy soon after retreated, but a few rounds were fired.

