
but a short distance, when I discovered a body of troops moving rapidly along a skirt of timber toward the river, which proved to be rebel soldiers. Owing to the extended line of pickets, I had only men enough to hold that portion of the line east of the Warrenton road.

Unable to hear anything form the picketers on the WEST side of the road, and fearing some disaster had befallen them, I immediately deployed skirmishers along the Warrenton road, which afforded them a full view of the ground between it and the river bluff, in order to guard against a flank movement of the enemy with a view to cut us ff and capture us. At the earliest opportunity I notified the brigade commanders Colonel Hall and Colonel McCown, commanding brigades in General McArthur's DIVISION, who both rendered my prompt assistance. For more full and complete particular, I refer you to the reports of officers of my command inclosed herewith.

As so the degree of vigilance exercised by the officers and men of my command, I can only speak of those under my own control, with met with me entire approbation; and from the know character of the officers in charge of the captured portion of the regiment, with possible one exception, which I have not yet sufficient information to repor disaster to be more attributable to the injudicious posting of the pickets than a lack of vigilance. Very respectfully. Your obedient servant,

B. DORNGLASER,

Colonel, commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant L. P. BOURGUIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 46. Report of Major Charles HJ. Stolband, SECOND Illinois Light Artillery Chief of Artillery THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps. Vicksburg, MISS, July 16, 1863.

MAJOR: IN obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the siege of Vicksburg form the 19th day of May, when it commenced, until the 4th of July, when it terminated in the capitulation of the garrison and the city:

To follow and state the different movements and stations occupied by my command and parts thereof during the forty-seventh days mentioned would be a very laborious task, which I presume is, neither necessary nor expected. I shall, therefore, confine myself to a few of the most important facts. At about 3 'clock of May, 19, I had placed in position the THIRD Ohio Battery, captain W. S. Williams commanding, the Eight Michigan Battery, captain Samuel De Goyer commanding, and Battery L, SECOND Regiment Illinois Light Artillery, captain William H. Bolton commanding, at about 2,500 yards distant from the rebel works. The batteries opened fire, and soon thereafter the rebel artillery in their works modified and materially slackened fire. About two hours afterward, having previously reconnoitered the ground, and received Major-General Logan's assent, I directed Captain De Golyers's two howitzer to advance about 1, 8000 yards to the line subsequently occupied by all the light batteries. Fire was immediately opened with good effect, vigorously though not very effectively replied to by the rebel artillery for a short space of time. At dark, however these pieces were withdrawn about 500 yards to the rear, owing to the fact that no infantry support came up with the pieces. In the morning of the 20th,

