
White in the discharge of this duty, a mine was opened at the mouth of the main trench, penetrating the enemy's fort, known as For Hill, and on the 25th of June I was ordered to hold my command in readiness to charge and take said Fort Hill as soon as the mine should be sprung, to hold the breach made by the explosion at all hazards, and if practicable, to charge over and drive the enemy from his works.

At 3. 30. p. m. of said day command was in readiness, the Forty-brigade, and Lieutenant H. C. Foster, of the Twenty-THIRD Indiana, with 100 men, being placed in the left-hands sap before spoken of with orders to charge with the Forty-FIFTH Illinois, provided they attempted to cross the enemy's works. At 4. 30 o'clock the mine was sprung, and before the dirt and smoke was cleared away the Forty-FIFTH Illinois had filled the gap made by the explosion and were were pouring deadly volleys into the enemy's works. As soon as possible, loop-hole timber was placed upon the works of the sharpshooters, but the enemy opened a piece of artillery at very close range on that point, and the splintering timbers killed and wounded more men that did balls, and I ordered the timbers to be removed. Hand-grenades were then freely used by the enemy, which made sad a havoc amongst my men for being in the crater of the exploded mine, the sides of which were covered by the men, scarcely a grenade was thrown without doing damage, and in most instances horribly mangling those they happened to strike. The Forty-FIFTH Illinois, after holding the position and fighting desperately until their guns were too hot for further use, were relieved by the Twentieth Illinois. During this Lazarus, of Company I. First U. S. Infantry, being detailed for that duty. The Twentieth Illinois was relieved by the Thirty-first Illinois, and they in turn by the FIFTY-sixth Illinois, of the THIRD Brigade, but their ammunition being by the Twenty-THIRD Indian. The SEVENTEENTH and the Thirty-first Illinois relieving orders to withdraw to the left-hand gap, where I maintained the position until the surrender on the 4th of July, when I maintained the position until the surrender on the 4th of Forty-FIFTH Illinois, was honored with the privilege of being the first to enter the garrison, and the flag of the Forty-FIFTH the first to float over the conquered city.

The troops under my command, though for forty-eight days and night under a harassing fire of musketry and artillery, and constantly subject to duty the most exhausting and fatiguing bore, their part with a courage and patience and persistent energy never excelled.

I might with just and truth name many instances of great personal bravery upon the part of officers and men, but I should not know where to stop naming when all did their duty so bravely.

It is proper, perhaps, that I should especially name Lieut. J. W. Miller, of the Forty-FIFTH Illinois, who, as one of my staff, was assigned to the immediate command of the pickets and sharpshooters, and in the discharge of this responsible duty was, during the whole siege, in the most exposed position, almost without sleep or rest, exhibiting a pre-

