
sonal courage and physical endurance seldom asked for or found in any officer. Inclosed find a tabular list of the killed and wounded. I have the satisfaction or reporting none MISSING. Very respectfully,

M. D. GEGGETT. Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Aggregate

20th Illinois	 2	 7	 9

31st Illinois	 6	 23	 29

45th Illinois	 7	 61	 68

124th Illinois	 5	 47	 52

23rd Indiana	 7	 24	 31

Total	 27	 162	 189

No 48. Report of Colonel Manning F. Force, twentieth Ohio Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. SECOND BRIG, THIRD DIV., SEVENTEENTH A. C, Vicksburg, MISS, August 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the SECOND Brigade, then under command of Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, took position on front of Vicksburg on May 19.

In the morning of the assault of May 22, the Twentieth and Seventy eight Ohio were ordered to march in reserve to the First Brigade, the Sixty-eight Ohio and Thirtieth Illinois in reserve to the THIRD Brigade.

In the afternoon, the Twentieth and Sixty eight Ohio and Thirtieth Illinois were ordered to march in reserve to the First Brigade, to rush into the works if the assault should succeed, and, if it failed, to keep a firm front, and hold the enemy at bay until the First Brigade should be withdrawn.

The companies of the Twentieth Ohio in turn were told that upon entering the enemy's works a lien of troops. Or a SECOND line of works, would be found close at hand, which must be promptly charged. They all earnestly promised to keep closed ranks and make the charge. The other regiments, by their conduct, manifested the same spirit. We remained on Fort Hill, close to the parapets, nearly in the road leading by the white house, until dusk, when the force was withdrawn.

At 12 p. m. of May 26, the brigade set out upon an expedition, under command of Major-General Blair to Mechanicsburg was reached, and a small force of the enemy departed on the 29th.

Next day we began the return by way of Satartia, reaching Snyder's Bluff the SECOND day. After a halt of a few days, the brigade marched to the old position in rear of Vicksburg, June 4.]

General Leggett was that day transferred to the command of the First Brigade and I appointed to command the SECOND.

On June 22, at 10 p. m. / the brigade moved out in a DIVISION commanded by General McArthur, to take parti in the force under Major-

