
charge. The enemy had in the mean time massed troops behind their woks in our front, and poured-into my ranks one continuous blaze of musketry, while the artillery on my left threw enfilading shot and shell into my columns with deadly effect. Almost at the first fire two of my leading colonels fell, colonel Nevis, of the Eleventh Illinois, killed, and Colonel Humphrey, of the Ninety-FIFTH Illinois, stunned by the concussion of a shell.

Fearing that the loss of their leaders might prove disastrous, I redoubled my efforts to press my column forward, ably assisted by Captain Dickey and the other officers of my staff. They moved onward, and planted four stand of colors near the base of the earthworks.

The Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry moved with the greatest rapidity, approached nearest the works, planted the first flag near them and held the position with a determination which entitles this little band and its gallant commander to a most prominent notice in the recorded history of this contest. The contest there was desperate for perhaps twenty- minutes, when, finding that I was not sufficiently supported to enter superior force of the enemy, massed behind their works in my front, I placed the SEVENTEENTH Wisconsin Infantry position to cover my movements, and removed my command in perfect order to the cover of the ravine about 40 yards to the rear, except six companies of the Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, which occupied a position of comparative safety directly under cover of the night.

Under the direction of General McPherson . Leaving a strong picket on the ground, I withdrew my command to the position I now occupy bringing most of my dead and all of my wounded from the field under cover of the night.

On the 19th instant, two companies of the Eleventh Illinois Infantry, one company of the Ninety-FIFTH Illinois Infantry, one company of the Ninety-FIFTH Illinois, and one company of the SEVENTEENTH Wisconsin, under command of Captain McKee, of the Eleventh Illinois Infantry, were detached as skirmishers and sharpshooters, and as we, occupied the heights in front of the large white house to my left, commanding the large fort in front of General Logan's DIVISION, until the morning of the 22nd, instant, and successfully kept the guns of that formidable work almost silent during that time. These companies rejoined their regiments just in time to participate in the charge of the 22nd instant.

I desire to mention in terms of high commendation the soldierly conduct of the troops of my command. Straggling and skulking were almost unknown. Both officers and men in every regiment of my command moved as cooly and obeyed orders with the same promptness and alacrity under fire as in ordinary drill; and in this connection I wish especially to mention Colonel Nevins' Eleventh Illinois; Captain L. D. Waddell, eleventh Illinois Infantry, colonel Humphrey, ninety-FIFTH Illinois, lieutenant-Colonel Wright, major Stockton, and Adjutant White, seventy-SECOND Illinois; Colonel Ward and Captain Smith, fourteenth Wisconsin; Lieutenant-Colonel McMahon and Captain McCauley, SEVENTEENTH Wisconsin, major Worden Fourteenth Wisconsin acting aide, who, on every occasion, regardless of personal danger, pre-eminently distinguished themselves and rendered much valuable serviced.

Captain Dickey, lieutenant Davis, and Lieutenant Doane, aides, performed their whole duty.

