
At 2 p. m.,torious, I got my command together near the enemy's works, where I remained until 6 p. m., when I received orders to encamp for the night. During the engagement the piece of which William McKeith is gunner, and had had its limber-chest blown up by one of the enemy's shells bursting in it early in the engagement, was successful in dismounting one 24 -pounder gun for the enemy.

List of casualties during the day-was as follows: One limber-chest and contents, including 45 rounds of 20-pounder ammunition, completely destroyed by being blown up by one of the enemy's shells bursting in it; Captain Jacob T. Foster, wounded in the left shoulder; Cannoneer Charles Withes seriously wounded by being burned and bruised by explosion of limber-chest; and Drivers Dedrick and J. Castles slightly wounded by being thrown from their horses and afterward run over.

Hoping this may be satisfactory to you, I remain, captain, your obedient servant,

CHAS. B. KIMBALL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding First Wisconsin Battery.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, tenth DIVISION, including operations April 13-May 24. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, TENTH DIV., THIRTEENTH A. C., Camp, rear of Vicksburg, MISS., May, 24, 1863.

In compliance with an order from DIVISION headquarters, I herewith submit the following report of the proceedings of my brigade since leaving Milliken's Bend, LA:

On April 13, I received orders to have my brigade prepare two day's cooked rations and be ready to march at a moment's notice.

On the morning of the 14th received orders to march, and by 4 p. m. was ready for the road, and marched to Oak Grove plantation, where we encamped until next morning.

On the 15th, resumed our line of march, and proceeded as far as Holmes's plantation, about 15 miles from last camp. Here we remained until Friday evening, April 24, when we moved to SMITH's plantation, distant about 7 miles, arriving there about 11 p. m., and remained there until about 2 p. m. On Sunday, the 26th, when we embarked on board transports in Roundaway Bayou, the course of which we followed until we finally entered the Mississippi River opposite Carthage; thence proceeded down the river to Perkins' plantation, arriving there about 9 p. m., during a very severe storm.

On Tuesday, April 28, I received orders to embark four my regiments and the SEVENTEENTH Ohio Battery on transports and barges, to proceed to a point as near Grand Gulf as practicable, to act under Brigadier-General Osterhaus, commanding NINTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH Army Corps, and as a reserve to his DIVISION. I accordingly took with me the SIXTEENTH and Sixty-seventh Indiana, eighty-THIRD Ohio, and Twenty-THIRD Wisconsin Regiments, and embarked upon barges and transports, leaving transports, leaving transportation of every description, even my own and field officers' horses, and proceeded to Hard Times Landing, oppo-

