
the signal of the volleys uncertain, and as the SEVENTEENTH Wisconsin had started on what Lieutenant-Colonel McMahon deemed correct time, I deemed it my duty so support him, and ordering my command forward, we charged across the first ravine, over an almost impassable abaits of felled timber, exposed to a direct and concentrate fire of musketry and a murderous enfilading fire from the enemy's batteries of the redan on our right front, and the heavy works on the Jackson road on our left. Being unsupported, I deemed it rashness to proceed faster but held my position with colors planted within 100 yards of the enemy's line.

Informing the general of my position, I received the following dispatch:
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, Sixth DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 19, 1863.

Colonel HUMPHREY:

COLONEL: You have done well, nobly. I desire that you hold your position. Do not expose your men or waste ammunition. I occupy the rear of the ridge back of you. Will move forward as soon as we can be supported on the right and left. I expect to hear from General McPherson.

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

I accordingly held my position until ordered to fall back, wich I did in good order at 4 a. m. May 20.

My loss was, killed, 7 wounded, 54. TOTAL CASUALTIES, 61-65 PERCENT OF ALL ENGAGED. May 22, in accordance with orders from Brigadier-General Ransom, I formed my command at 9 a. m. moving by the right flank, in company with the balance of the brigade, through a network of ravines until within 100 yards of the enemy's works, where, under the partial cover of a ridge, I formed column by DIVISION closed in mall.

This position was obtained without loss at 11 a. m. . The Eleventh Illinois was similarly formed on ly left, the Fourteenth Wisconsin on my right, and the Seventy-SECOND Illinois till farther to the right, with the SEVENTEENTH Wisconsin held in reserve. The brigade remained in nearly this position, awaiting support on the right and left, until 2,15 p. m., meantime the enemy had massed under cover of their breastworks in our front, and within short convergent range of a force superior to the assaulting column.

At 2. 15 p. m. the order was given "SECOND Brigade forward. " My command simultaneously advanced to the crest of the ridge, when the ever exposed. In vain did those brave men rally to charge; to advance was but to meet certain death. All who made the effort, save two, three, four, and even five did the work, until, out of 367 officers and men in the column, upward of 100 men were rendered hors de combat.

Colonel Humphrey was so far in advance of his regiment as to be unable to return or render his command any assistance. Major William Avery was severely wounded, captain Cornwell, company K, and Manter, company C, were killed; Captain Cook, company D, mortally wounded, since died.

June 12. -Lieutenant Sponable, company A; Lieutenant Pierce, company I, and Lieutenant Smith, company C. Wounded; being 36 percent of the commissioned officers and 28 percent of the enlisted men disabled. I cannot speak too highly in commendation of the conduct of

