
the officers and men of my command during those trying scenes; not a single instance of fear or cowardice was manifest; prompt and deliberate obedience to orders was the characteristic of the day.

All of which in most respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

T. W. HUMPHREY,

Colonel, commanding Regiment.

Number 51. Report of Colonel William Hall, eleventh Iowa Infantry, commanding THIRD BRIGADE. HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SIXTH DIVISION. Vicksburg, MISS. August 1863.

SIR: In accordance with Special Orders, number 159, August 4, 1863, from Headquarters SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the THIRD Brigade, Sixth DIVISION, from the commencement of the siege of Vicksburg to the date of its fall, July 4:

The THIRD Brigade, composed of the Eleventh Thirteenth, Fifteenth and SIXTEENTH Iowa Volunteers, and being then as now under my command, was at the time of the investment of Vicksburg stationed at Grand Gulf, as the temporary garrison of that post, where it performed much efficient service in forwarding supplies to the army then investing Vicksburg. While command of that post I also caused an important bridge over the Big Black River to be destroyed in order to prevent any sudden incursion of the enemy front that point. This duty was executed by the Eleventh Iowa Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Abercrombie, assisted by the gunboat Louisville.

My command, previous to its forming the temporary garrison of Grand Gulf, had ben engaged in guarding a portion of the road from Milliken's Bend to Hard Times Landing.

In compliance with orders received rom Brigadier-General McArthur, commanding the Sixth DIVISION, at 10 p. m. of May 19, I embarked my command on transports at midnight of the same day and preceded at once up the river.

On the afternoon of the 20th, I disembarked at a landing on the Louisiana shore, 2 miles below Vicksburg, and marched to Young's Point, 4 miles distant, where the command was immediately embarked on two transports.

Early in the morning of the 21st, I proceeded to Hayne's Bluff. Remaining there a few hours in obedience to orders General McArthur, I returned to Young's Point. Disembarking here, and being hastily supplied with tow days' rations, I returned to the landing below Vicksburg previously mentioned. From thence I proceeded by transports to Warrenton; disembarked, marched 4 miles on the road toward Vicksburg, and bivouacked for the night.

Early on the 22nd, I moved forward, and at about 9 a. m. discovered the enemy's pickets on the extreme of their defenses. Five companies of the SIXTEENTH Iowa Volunteers, under the command of Captain Smith, were detached to drive, them in, which was successfully accomplished, the companies remaining in front of the enemy's batteries

