
and being engaged with their skirmishers during the entire day. At the same time I sent the remaining five companies of the Sixteenth, under the command of Major Purcell, to the right, to core the entire front of my advance, and proceeded along the direct road from Warrenton to Vicksburg, which runs nearly parallel with the rebel line of defenses.

About 11 a. m. I took up my position within range of four rebel batteries on the right of the enemy's works. Here I remained during the day under fore form the batteries, and with companies from the Eleventh Thirteenth and SIXTEENTH Iowa Volunteers engaged constantly along the lines with the enemy's sharpshooters. There I succeeded in driving them to the protection of their works, my skirmishers getting within 40 yards of the batteries.

he same day, in consequence of orders received, I abandoned the position, marched 4 miles toward the center of our lines, and bivouacked for the night.

Early on the 23rd, moved nearer to the center, and at noon halted near the headquarters for the night.

On the afternoon of the same day returned to the position on the left which I had occupied on the 22nd. Here I performed picket duty until the 26th, in a position much exposed to the fire I again moved toward the center, and the same evening bivouacked near the headquarters of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

Early on the morning of the 27th, the brigade being assigned a position in the Black River Expeditionary Corps, under command of Major General F. P. Blair, the line of march was taken up, and I joined, the expedition at Benton's Cross-Roads. On the morning of the 29th, arriving at Mechanicsburg, which haj just been engaged my the enemy and driven into town. Passing through he town, I placed three regiments (the Eleventh, thirteenth, and Fifteenth Iowa) in line of battle(the SIXTEENTH Iowa being held in reserve), and, with skirmishers thrown out on the front and flanks, advanced up the hill held by the enemy, who after a few shots, fell back. The entire brigade pursued them for 2 miles beyond Mechanicsburg, the enemy making repeated stands, but always giving way as soon as a regiment was thrown into lint of battle to attack them. Having once opened on them and caused them to retreat very rapidly. Having no cavalry we pursued them no farther, but bivouacked on the field that night.

At 7 a. m. on the 30th, the march back to the main army was commenced, and, taking the Yazoo Valley road, I reached Snyder's Bluff late in the evening of the 31st, after an extemely fatiguing and severe march.

On June 4, I moved to a point near the headquarters of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, and there, on June 6, colonel Alexander Chambers SIXTEENTH Iowa, Volunteers (having returned to the command from leave of absence), assumed command of the brigade. The command being encamped in an inconvenient locality, was, on the 11th, moved back about a mile, where it remained until the 23rd, sending heavy details of both fatigue men and sharpshooters into the trenches both night and

