
Number 52. Report of Major Charles Foster, eleventh Iowa Infantry. CAMP ELEVENTH IOWA INFANTRY, Near Fox's Plantation, June 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the following report of the action of my command this day at Messinger's Ferry:

In accordance with your orders and instructions, received of Colonel Alexander Chambers I marched at 10 a. m. with four companies Eleventh Iowa Infantry, viz companies F, g. H, and I; a small squad of the and two pieces of the Tenth Ohio Battery, under Lieutenant Newcomb, to Big Black River, near the old Messinger's Ferry. On our arrival we found the enemy's cavalry pickets posted behind an old corn-crib near the crossing on the eastern side of the river, and also in the timber beyond and to the left of the corn-crib, in numbers nearly equal to our own force. Our cavalry and Company F, of the infantry, were deployed as skirmishers at once near the bank of the river, and our artillery planted on the hill, about one-THIRD of a mile to the rear of the infantry, and after some skirmishing, with the aid of well-directed shots form the nothing of them after 4 p. m. At 5 p. m. I sent back all our force, save two companies of infantry, to induce the enemy to cross over to us if possible, having first, concealed the two companies, but in vain. At 6 p. m. we returned to camp without any loss. The officers and men of my command all behaved well.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES. FORESTER,

Major, commanding.

Lieutenant OLD. KINSMAN,

Number 53. Report of Major William A. Walker, thirteenth Iowa Infantry. CAMP THIRTEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY. Fox's Plantation, MISS. July 1, 1863.

SIR: As commander of the detachment sent out by ordered of Colonel Cambers to Messinger's Ferry, at Big Black Ferry, at Big Black River, on the morning of June 30, I beg leave to make the following report,&amp;c;

The detachment consisted of four companies of the Thirteenth Iowa viz, a, b, f, and H, and a section of the Tenth Ohio Battery, under command of Lieutenant Zane, and proceeded as follows: An advance guard of 20 men from Company A, under Lieutenant Planter, and a rear guard of 15 men from the same company, under command of Lieutenant KEPLER.

We left camp at 1 a. m. After passing our advance pickets, we moved very cautiously, expecting to find the enemy at any moment, and arrived on the hill about 150 yards beyond the SECOND creek we passed. I ordered the advance guard to deploy as skirmishers to the left of the road, with their right their left on road and connecting with skirmishers on the left, the battery remaining at this point to prevent the

