
rebels from hearing us, had there been any. The rear guard also remained with artillery. The skirmishers moved forward slowly, with the main force following at a proper distance, until we arrived on the bluff overlooking the river, and about 500 yards from it, and halted while the skirmishers moved, on the banks of the river. I sent Company H, to of the rebels from the direction of Jones' Ford. The battery was now mile or more above and below the ford. All things being now arranged, and it just getting daylight, we proceeded, in accordance with from, with three embrasures, with rifle-pits extending from each flank about 4 or 5 roads each.

Could see nothing of the enemy until about noon, when a small squad made their appearance on the hill beyond the river, the distance of 1. 1/2 miles from us, and them disappeared, tot making any demonstration whatever toward us. We saw nothing more of them until about sundown, when we could see two or three watching us from an old cabin beyond the river. There was no firing done all day, not being in so small a squad. We remained until after dark, and then withdrew without accident.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. WALER,

Major Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding Detachment.

Number 54. Reports of Colonel William W. Belknap, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry. HDQRS. Fifteenth IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp near Fox's Plantation, June 28, 1863

SIR: In obedience to orders received from Colonel Alexander Chambers, SIXTEENTH Iowa Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade, I proceeded, on the morning of the 27th, with the Fifteenth Regiment Iowa Infantry, to Messinger's Ferry, on Black River, with instructions to obstruct the ford at that point and, also to remove within our lines Mrs. Messinger and family, together with all other persons upon the place not too ill to be moved. On arriving at Messinger's Brigadier-General McPherson, who with Colonel Chambers was with the expedition, sent a portion of his escort company,, under Lieutenant Tripp, across the river to examine the country and disperse a squad of rebel cavalry wich was observed on the opposite side, the crossing being protected by two companies of the regiment Company K, captain Hedrick, being at the same time sent distance down the river. The few rebels, some 15 or 20 as far as could be seen, immediately disappeared, and on the return of Lieutenant Tripp, company G. First Lieutenant Bye, was ordered to obstruct the ford, company I, captain REID, being detailed to protect the working party. The bot 20 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

