
tom of the river being extremely soft, and there being no tress of any size for some distance to be used for the purpose, the obstruction at that point was deemed impracticable, especially as it was found that for a long distance the river could be crossed with little difficulty, and the working party was withdrawn.

Mrs. Messinger and family, together with four other families of white persons on the place, numbering in all 14 persons, and the colored people, were removed and brought within our lines, the rear guard, under Captain Edwards, leaving there only 3 black persons, who were unable to travel; four wagon loads of property being also brought.

On the departure of the regiment for camp, which we reached about 8 p. m., a small squad of rebels again made their appearance on the opposite side.

In addition to this report, I inclose herewith, for the information of the brigade commander, a slip from the Vicksburg Sun, may 4, 1861, which paper was found at the residence of Colonel Messinger, with the extract inclosed marked.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Colonel Fifteenth Iowa, commanding expedition.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General THIRD Brigadier Sixth Div. SEVENTEENTH A. C.

[Inclosure. -Extract.]

LIBERAL PATRIOTISM. Colonel -George Messinger a citizen of Warren County, had contributed $5,000 to uniform and equip our volunteer companies, and says that this whole estate, worth $1,000,000 if necessary, will be expended to maintain. Southern rights, honor, and independence. This is what we call showing a man's "faith by his works. " There are a numbers of others in our midst who will do likewise, among whom we may mention the name of another millionaire, who resides within a few miles of our city. Stephen Barefield. With such partios as Captain success in all needful financial aid for the South.

CITIZEN.

CAMP near Vicksburg, MISS,

August 7, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with Special Orders, number 7. Headquarters THIRD Brigade, I submitted the following report as to the operations of the Fifteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry form the commencement of the siege of Vicksburg to July 4:

On April 26, the regiment moved from Milliken's Bend to Holmes' plantation, Louisiana, the march being an exceedingly disagreeable one, across the river and encamped at Grand Gulf, remaining there until the night of May 19, where we ordered to proceed immediately to Young's Point, which we regiment, embarked on the Crescent City, and arrived at Haynes' Bluff on the 21st, remaining there until 3 p. m., when we returned to Young's Point, and marching to a point nearly opposite Warrenton, embarked for that place, upon at about 10 a. m. on the 22nd we arrived in front of the rebels works, some distance to the left of the position occupied by the Thirteenth Army Corps.

