
Here we were severely shelled by the enemy, without loss on our part, and that night moved toward position occupied by the larger portion of Major-General McPherson's corps, and on the 23rd, were ordered to resume the old position on the left.

After picketing here in an exposed position for several days, on the 26th the Fifteenth was relieved by a regiment of General Lauman's DIVISION, and was marched to General McPherson's headquarters, form which on the morning of the 27th, it moved as a part of the expedition of General Blair, which was ordered to sour the country in the direction of Yazoo City.

Mechanicsburg was reached at noon on the 29th, where we were deployed in line of battle to meet the enemy, who opposed our progress. The enemy retreating the regiment bivouacked about 1. 1/2 miles beyond the town, and at 7 a. m. on the 30th, we moved toward Haynes' Bluff, arriving there on the night of May 31, after a wearisome and extremely severe march.

On Jule 4, we were moved to a point near Major-General McPherson's headquarters, where we remained until the 23rd, furnishing heavy details for fatigue parties to dig rifle-pits and erect fortifications, and every evening sending a detachment of sharpshooters to the front, who frequently sending a detachment of sharpshooters to the front, who frequently engaged portions of the enemy with much effect.

On the 23rd, we were moved 12 miles to the rear, an on the 27th to Fox's plantation. This regiment, immediately on its arrival, being sent on a scout to Messinger's Ferry, was stationed near the ferry and Black River, in view of Johnston's army at the time of the surrender of Vicksburg on July 4.

The men of this regiment have endured the hardships of these severe marches and the trials of the campaign without a murmur. Whether at work in the trenches or acting as sharpshooter, they have evinced an alacrity, zeal courage which deserves full commendation, and in every movement I have had the full co operation of every officer of the command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Colonel, commanding Fifteenth Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

A. A. A. G. THIRD Brigadier Sixth Div. SEVENTEENTH A. C.

Number 55. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John M. Hedrick, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry. CAMP Fifteenth IOWA, THIRD BRIGADE, SIXTH DIV., Near Big Black River, MISS., July 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders from Cool. A Chambers, SIXTEENTH Iowa Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade, SIXTH DIVISION, I took four companies from the Fifteenth Iowa Infantry, at 5 p. m. the 3rd instant, went to the fortifications on the hill near Messinger's Ford, finding Company G. Fifteenth Iowa Infantry, on duty guarding or picketing this point. From there moved to Messinger's house, the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry, colonel Judy commanding, arriving at the same time. From there patrolled the road up to a point at or near Bear Creak Ford. Darkness overtaking us there I returned with the command by way of Messinger's and

