
the fortifications, relieving Company G, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry, and taking them with my command, reported to my regiment at Bear Creek, en route to Messinger's Front at 9. 30 p. m. same evening, not having seen any indications of the enemy on the entire route.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HEDRICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifteenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant O. D. KINSMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, THIRD Brigade.

Number 56. Report of Captain Romulus L. Hanks, Fifteenth Iowa Infantry. CAMP Fifteenth IOWA INFANTRY, Near Messinger's Ford MISS.

July 4, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of an order received rom Colonel Chambers, commanding the THIRD Brigade, on July 2, I left camp at 11. 30 p. m. With my company and one piece of the Tenth Ohio Battery, and preceded out on the Messinger's Ford road about 3 miles, to within one half mile the ford, and found the enemy's pickets and scouts on ; the opposite bank. I ordered the gun to give them a shell. The shell had the desired effect, sending men and horses flying-men in one direction and horses in another.

The piece being order back at about 10 p. m. on yesterday, at about 3 a. m. the enemy, about 100 strong, passed up the river on the opposite bank, but not while in range of our muskets. We remained here until dark, and then returned, in accordance with orders, to the regiment.

Very respectfully,

R. L. HANKS,

Captain Company G. Fifteenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant OD. KINSMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 57. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Addison H. Sanders, SIXTEENTH Iowa Infantry. CAMP near Vicksburg, August 7, 1863.

SIR; In compliance with Special Orders, number 7, demanding a report of the operations of this regiment "from the commencement of the siege of Vicksburg to the date of its fall, July 4, 1863," I have the honor to make the following report:

When Vicksburg was first invested by our troops in May, the SIXTEENTH Regiment Iowa Volunteer was with its brigade at Grand Gulf.

May 19, we received orders to embark on transports to go up the river, our supposed destination Vicksburg, and the embarkation was made that night. At this time Colonel Chambers was absent and I was sick in bed. The regiment started off under the command of Major Purcell. It went to Haynes' Bluff, and afterward returned to Warrenton, below Vicksburg, where it disembarked on the night of May 21.

On the 22nd, it moved out and occupied a position on the left of the

