
investing line. That day the regiment was engaged in continuous skirmishing with the enemy, and was complimented on having performed brave and efficient services, fortunately without any loss of men on our part.

On the 23rd, I joined the regiment, finding in near the center of the line, and at once took command. That afternoon the brigade was moved to the left, at one time on the march subject to the fire of a rebel battery.

We remained in this position until the 26th instant, always expecting and ready for action, but never called upon.

On the morning of May 26, the brigade started toward the center again, and that evening encamped near General McPherson's SEVENTEENTH Army Corps headquarters.

Early the 27th, we started for Mechanicsburg with the understood object of intercepting the rebel General Johnston. The march was hot and dusty.

On the morning of the 29th, we arrived at Mechanicsburg, the enemy being reported a short distance beyond. The sixteenth Regiment being in the rear in this day's march it was left for a time at Mechanicsburg as a reserve, while the other regiments preceded on . We were soon order to join them, and eventually, with them, thrown into line of battle, but no enemy appearing, changed our position and went into camp 2 or 3 miles from Mechanicsburg, where we remained till next morning.

On the 30th, we started on our return, marching through the Yazzo Valley, and arriving at Hayne's Bluff afternoon of the 31st. Went into camp several miles beyond; toward Vicksburg.

Remained in this camp till June 4, when we proceeded to join our corps, at the center of the investing forces, encamping that afternoon on a ridge covered with a dense canebrake.

This camp proved unhealthy, and on the 12th, we were moved about a mile farther back to better quarters. During this interval our regiment did heavy fatigued duty, much of it at night in the works. All calls upon the regiment were not only promptly but cded to, officers and men exhibiting hearty and patriotic enthusiasm in the great object of taking Vicksburg. But they were not called on while in this camp, or at any other time during the investment, on actually engage with the enemy.

We remained in the rear camp till June 23, employed as before, at times on heavy fatigue duty.

On the 20th, a general bombardment being made on Vicksburg, we were marched to the front, and took a position near General Ranson's brigade but our service not being called for, we returned to our camp that p. m.

On the morning June 23, we started on a march in the direction of Big Black River, as part of a force to repel any attempted rebel reenforcements to Vicksburg. March hot and dusty, but men in excellent spirits.

Remained in the camp we made that evening till the 27th, when we moved a few miles farther on, and encamped near Fox's plantation, about 4 miles form Messinger's Ford, on Black River.

On the 28th, our regiment was ordered to proceed to Jones' Ferry, a couple of miles above Messinger's to destroy the ford, 7c. The had a little skirmish with a small body of rebels, supposed to be outposts of a larger force across the river, and returned that evening.

On the night of July, 3 the brigade was moved to Messinger's Ford.

