
site and above Grand Gulf, and remained during the unsuccessful attempt of the gunboats to reduce Grand Gulf on Wednesday, April 29.

Being personally on the gunboat General Price, which had in tow a transport containing two of my regiments, we stood out in the stream in constant readiness to avail ourselves of any advantage which might be gained by the gunboats.

The attempt to reduce the principal batteries proving a failure, we disembarked and marched across the Bend, to a point below Grand Gulf, where we encamped for the night.

On the 30th, we re-embarked(the gunboats and transports having run the blockade during the night)and proceeded to Bruinsburg, where we drew six days(two-THIRDS) rations, and about 11 p. m. stood up our line of march for Port Gibson, MISS. Marched steadily all night, and about sunrise heard heavy and rapid cannonading in front, and shortly afterward learned that our advance was warmly engaged with the enemy.

Pressing vigorously on, we reached the scene of the engagements about 7 o'clock, when I immediately formed in line of battle in rear of General Horey's DIVISION, our DIVISION constituting the reserve.

The part taken by my brigade in the battle of that day, while it did not lead to much loss, was very exhausting from the necessity of rapidly shifting ground with a part or the whole of the brigade, as the weak points of our lines successively presented themselves.

I continued thus supporting the line until ordered with my brigade father to the left, to relieve the SECOND Brigade, under Colonel Landram, who had fought desperately through the day, when we advanced farther to the front than any other troops, driving the enemy form the hill. Night putting an end to that day's fight, our men sank exhausted upon the ground. They had marched all night and fought all day under a burning sun, and without having had a mouthful to eat since the previous evening.

Next morning, May 2, by order of General McClernand, I took the advance with my brigade, and proceeded cautiously into Port Gibson, where I had the pleasure of raising the Stars and Stripes to their wonted place of honor. The rear guard of the enemy were retreating out of town, having fired the bridge over South Fork of Little Bayou Pierre. I had the SEVENTEENTH Ohio Battery to open upon them, but they succeeded in making good their retreat, as we had no means of pursuit.

We remained at Port Gibson until the morning of the 3rd instant, when I was ordered to take my brigade to the hills back of the town, as there were symptoms of the enemy coming in on our rear. Remaining in that position until I was satisfied there was no enemy near, I took up my line of march toward Willow Springs. Late in the afternoon we crossed Big Bayou Piere and went into camp at this place until the morning of the 7th instant, when we marched to a point half a mile beyond Cayuga, where we remained until the morning of the 12th instant, when we countermarched to Cayuga ; thence bearing left in a westerly direction for about 10 miles, where we encamped for the night in line of battle near Fourteen-Mile Creek, 6 miles from Edwards Station.

Next morning(13th)we marched back to the Jackson road, a distance of about 6 miles.

Here we remained until the 15th, when, following General Blair's DIVISION, we marched to Raymond, about 15 miles, getting into camp at 9 p. m.

At daylight on the 16th, we marched out on the Vicksburg road toward Edwards Station, my brigade being in the advance. About 6

