
I gave orders to return to camp, where we arrived at 6 p. m. / Justice to my command makes it my duty to report to you that parties form other commands, under command of commissioned officers, did, during the day, enter the MESSINGER'S house and take articles of furniture and clothing. Having had orders not to allow my command to disturb anything on this place, I thought it best to inform you of this so, that you would be able to find out, if necessary, those who are guilty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. . SMITH,

Captain Commanding SIXTEENTH Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel ALEXANDER CHAMBERS.

Commanding THIRD Brigade, SIXTH DIVISION.

Number 59. Report of Major Edward. J. Wood, FORTY-EIGHT Indiana Infantry, FIRST Brigade Seventh DIVISION. HEADQUARTERS FORTY EIGHT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, August 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special ORDERS, number 31. Headquarters First Brigade, I have the honor to report that the Forty-eight Indiana, under command of Colonel Norman Eddy, participated in all the labors and duties also made the march with the brigade on the Black River expedition form the rear of Vicksburg from May 22 to July 4. The regiment also made the march with the brigade on the Black River expedition form the rear of Vicksburg to Mechanicsburg, MISS, leaving their position in the investing line on May 26 and returning on June 4 without loss or casualty.

I have the honor to report the following list of casualties on the skirmish line during the siege: May 24-killed, private Nathan J. Smith, company D. June 13-wounded, corpl. James Anderson, company F; Private Elijah B. Brown, company D.

The regiment not having been under my command during any of this time, must be any apology for the brevity of this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

EDWARD J. WOOD.

Major-Commanding Forty-eight Indian.

Captain John E. SIMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 60. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Tourtellotte, fourth Minnesota Infantry. HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MINNESOTA Volunteers Camp in Vicksburg MISS, August 1, 18673.

SIR: I have the report in obedience to Special Orders Number 31, of date July 27, 1863, from you headquarters, that on May 26 we moved rom our position in front of the enemy's works around Vicksburg, and proceeded on the road to Mechanicsburg, which place we reached May 29. Thence we marched down, the valley of the Yazzo River, passing near Saratia, via Haynes' Bluff, to Snyder's Bluff, when we bivouacked and remained three days.

