
June 4, we marched into a ravine near our first position in front of the enemy's fortifications around Vicksburg.

Here we remained until after the surrender of Vicksburg, when on July, 6 my regiment moved inside of the rebels breastwork.

On July 25, my regiment was ordered to report to General John E. Smith for post duty in, which duty we still remain.

After our return from the expedition to MECHANICSBURG, the following named persons were wounded while on duty on front of the rebel works, viz: Lieutenant IN. Morrill, company K, slightly; Private Orlando Lidersmith, company E, slightly; Private B. V. Robinson, company C, slightly; and Private R. A. Wheller, company D, slightly Summary; 1 officer and 3 enlisted men wounded; total 4. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TOURTELLOTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

Captain John E. SIMPSON,

A. A. A. G. First Brigadier Seventh Div. SEVENTEENTH A. C.

Number 61. Report of Colonel Green B. Raum, FIFTY-SIXTH Illinois Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. Vicksburg, MISS, August 11, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with extract 7, special Orders, number 159, from your headquarters, I have the honor to report that this brigade (except the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers took position as part of the besieging force against Vicksburg on the 20th day of May, 1863.)

During the assault on the morning of the 22nd, of that mount, this brigade was in the reserve, and was not immediately engaged with the that day the brigade was ordered to report to General Osterhaus, to support him in a movement upon the enemy. The day being far spent, the position to which he assigned the brigade was not taken until the morning of the 23rd . At 1 p. m. of that day, the brigade, in pursuance of orders, returned to its encampment with the DIVISION.

On the 4th day of June the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers rejoined the brigade, having been detached to escort prisoners to Memphis. From the 23rd day of May until the capituation the brigade furnished the advance line of pickets and skirmishers every alternate forty-eight hours. Heavy details for fatigue duty were made from time to time for the construction of earthworks, rifle-pits roads &amp; C.

On the 25th of June, in pursuance of directions from General Smith, commanding the DIVISION, I had the SEVENTEENTH Iowa and FIFTY-SIXTH Illinois Volunteers, under command of Colonel Clark R. Wever, to report two regiments occupied the partial breach made in the enemy's works by the explosion. The two regiments lost 54 officers and men killed and wounded on that occasion, and the FIFTY-SIXTH Illinois Volunteers, Eighth Ohio Volunteers, and two companies of the Tenth Missouri Volunteers, on the night of that day, composed a part of the guard along the rebel works.

