
In conclusion, I will add that during the siege on all occasions, the officers and soldiers of this brigade conducted themselves with just determination, and have reflected credit upon themselves, our common country, and the cause which we have espoused.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUN,

Colonel, commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 62. Report of Major John E. Walden, seventeenth Iowa Infantry. BEFORE Vicksburg, MISS. June 26, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the SEVENTEENTH Iowa Infantry in front of the rebel fort (Hill) on Jackson road, on the night of the 25th, of June 1863;

At 3 o'clock of that day I was directed by Colonel Clark Wever, commanding detached regiments, to place my regiment in the gap running parallel with the enemy's line, which I accordingly did, and remained in this position till 10. 30 p. m. when I received an order from Colonel Wever to relieve a detail of the FIFTY-SIXTH Illinois Volunteer Infantry, then occupying through the gap that ran from the while house to the breach, and halted when my right was within a few yards of its entrance. I made the necessary detail of 70 men, and relieved a small detachment of men from the Thirty-seventh and FIFTY-SIXTH Illinois Regiments. It was then 11 o'clock and I could only judge of the position constantly thrown over the broken parapet by the enemy, and behind which he seemed safety lodged. I put as many men as could fire to advantage upon the broken wall that separated me from the enemy, and directed the balance of my men to load for them. In this way we were enabled to keep up a constant fire. I relieved this detail in an hour with another relief of 70 men, and he, in their turn, were relieved.

During the three hours that the Seventeenth Iowa occupied the breach, the entire battalion by relief were engaged in successfully foiling, with musketry alone, the rebels in their attempts to occupy the crater of the brown up fort, whilst they were incessantly throwing grenades in our midst, which, instead of intimidating our men, served to make them fire more rapidly and with greater determination. Inclosed find list of casualties. *

Very respectfully,

J. F. WALDEN,

Major, commanding SEVENTEENTH Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant M. MICHELSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, SECOND Brigadier, THIRD Div., Fifteenth A. C.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 3 men killed, and 3 offices and 31 men wounded.

---------------

