
effect we received orders to maintain our position until after dark, and return to our original position under cover of the first range of hills, which was accordingly done. In this advance I have to report a loss of 2 killed and 17 wounded, out of an aggregate of 250.

On the 23rd, we were ordered back to our former position with our own army corps, where we still remain.

I cannot close this report without bearing testimony to the uncomplaining and self-sacrificing spirit that has continually manifested itself among the men of my command during all of our marches, trials, and sufferings. Many of them without shoes, all frequently without provisions, except sugar and meat, pushed forward through rain and sunshine, without as murmur or complaint, willing to endure every hardship and peril for the success of their cause.

Hoping that they may be abundantly rewarded for their sacrifices and labors, I beg leave to subscribe myself, very respectfully your obedient servant,

E. S. SAMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel commanding FIFTH Iowa Infantry.

ROBERT C. CROWELL,

Captain and Asst. Adjt. General THIRD Brigade, seventh DIVISION.

Number 64. Reports of Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army commanding DIVISION. JUNE 22, 1863.

Have pushed my left farther up, and occupy a position within 200 yards of their left works. Have taken two rifle-pits and 10 prisoners alive and 1 wounded. No loss on our side.

HERRON,

Major-General.

General GRANT.

HERRON'S,

June 23, 1863-2 a. m.

Have just taken another rifle-pits and 13 prisoners in moving up my right line of skirmishers. Will be ready for your final orders to move. I believe I can go into the enemy's works from this position to-morrow night.

HERRON,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT.

HERRON'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 24, 1863.

Nothing of special importance has occurred on my front since yesterday. I am still working up my sharpshooters, having them within 150 yards of the heavy works. We are constructing deep rifle-pits at every advance, to make the positions perfectly safe. To night I will finish a heavy battery within 400 yards of the works.

F. J. HERRON.

Major-General GRANT.

