
HERRON'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 24, 1863.

We had a sharp little skirmishing this evening while moving farther, but succeeded in gaining the desired position, and captured a Lieutenant and 9 men. Our loss, 1 killed and 1 wounded. Several of the enemy were killed and wounded, in addition to those captured. The enemy used light artillery and musketry from their first line of works.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-GENERAL.

Major-General GRANT.

HERRON'S,

July 1, 1863.

Nothing especially new on my front to-day. I opened this morning with my advanced battery of 42-pounder rifle-pits guns, and used the enemy's works badly. The enemy's mortar was fatally brought to bear on the battery and exploded one shell between the two guns, killing 2 and badly wounding 4 men, but not interfering with the further work of battery.

F. J HERRON.

HERRON'S,

July 1, 1863.

Colonel Logan, commanding at Warrenton, informs me by messenger that Major Wilson, commanding cavalry pickets on Big Black River, has just come in, and reports that he was attacked by 60 of the enemy's cavalry, and fourth them some time, when a force of about 200 infantry attempted to flank him, and he fell back. The rebel cavalry crossed at Hankinson's Ferry, and negroes report a force of 2,000 men with cavalry sent to examine the crossings between Hankinson's Ferry and Grand Gulf have arrived, and report no sings of enemy below. Colonel Logan desired to have this forwarded to General Ord, and I also send copy to you.

F. J. HERRON.

General Grant.
HEADQUARTERS HERRON'S DIVISION,Vicksburg, MISS.

July 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since coming into this department.

On the 2nd of June last, I received orders from Major-General Schofield, commanding Department of the Missouri, to prepare the infantry and artillery of the SECOND and THIRD divisions of the Army of the Frontier, then under my command, for immediate transportation to Vicksburg. The THIRD DIVISION was encamped some 10 miles form the railroad, at Rolla, MO., and the SECOND DIVISION at Pilot Knob. The latter was troops of the THIRD DIVISION, after marching to Rolla, went to Saint Louis by rail.

During the night of the 4th of June, all troops were embarked on transport, and at once started down the river. At New Madrid I was joined by the Thirty-eight Iowa Infantry. My command then consisted of the First Brigade(Twenty-SIXTH Indiana, Thirty-seventh Illinois, twentieth, thirty-fourth, and Thirty-eight Iowa Infantry, with Batteries E and F, first Missouri Light Artillery), commanded by Brigadier-General Vandever, and the SECOND Brigade (Twentieth Wisconsin, nineteenth Iowa, and Ninety-fourth Illinois Infantry, with Battery

