
Number 65. Report of Colonel George W. Clark Thirty-fourth Infantry, first Brigade. Vicksburg, MISS. July 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-fourth in the late siege of Vicksburg:

Arrived on the line of encampment below the city on day of June, 1863. Details were made at once for fatigue and picked duty. In these details form day to day consisted the principal work performed by all the time, and not unfrequently I was compelled, in order to fill the details, to send men who had just been relieved, this keeping the same complaingly, and from the uniform accounts I have had of their conduct, they behaved well on picket, and worked faithfully on fatigue. Unaccustomed as they were to such duty and such a climate, and having to use water of inferior quality, I think they have exhibited on fatigue. Unaccustomed as they were to such duty and such a climate, and having to use water. I think they have exhibited powers of endurance seldom surpassed my men under any circumstances. Sergeant Finley, of Company E, than whom I never saw a better soldier this morning. Many other were overcome by heat and heavy duty, resulting in fever and other diseases, form which they have not yet recovered. My regiment as such, was not engage in action during the siege, but was frequently taken to the front to support batteries and prevent sorties from the enemy.

On the 29th of June, by order of Major-General Herron, I moved my regiment around on the levee, to a point immediately on the bank of the river, 3 miles below the city, and took charge of the picket line between the river and the Big Bayou. Rebel deserters were brought in every day in large numbers by my pickets and sent at once to brigade headquarters. My casualties during the siege were killed and 1 officer and 5 enlisted men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. CLARK,

Colonel, commanding Thirty-fourth Iowa Infantry.

Major WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 66. Report of Colonel John McNutt, ninety-fourth Illinois Infantry SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Camp Vicksburg, MISS, July 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I respectfully offer the following report of the part taken by my command in the siege of Vicksburg.

We marched from camp, Lake Springs, Dent County, Missouri to Rolla, a distance of 13 miles, on June 3, and embarked on board of a train on the Pacific Railroad, and staged for Saint Louis at 10 a. m. the same day, and arrived at Saint Louis on the 4th, at noon.

