
We embarked on board the steamer Minnehaha May 5, and moved off from the wharf at 7 p. m.

Arrived at Youngs' Point at 6 p. m. June 12; marched across the Point, and crossed the river on board the steamer J. W Cheeseman of the 13th, and encamped at Warrenton, MISS, that night.

Marched up near the enemy works on the 14th, and went into camp south-south WEST of the court house, and went on duty June 15, by relieving the Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry form picket duty, and six companies were on duty every THIRD day, and 75 men on fatigue twelve hours out of each Thirty-SIXTH during the remainder of the siege, and in addition to which was detail for making gabions, camp guards, and fatigue parties for digging riffle-pits and shelter for the pickets and reserves, and other duties that were very laborious.

My command was relieved on the morning of July 4, when it was marched to this camp.

The officers and men of my command behaved with great courage and coolness throughout, and some of them performed some very gallant little feats, among which was the taking of a rifle-pits on the afternoon of June 24, by Captain William H. Mann and 10 men, which act you witnessed. Another was the taking of a very troublesome work of the enemy which was afterward used to place the new position of Captain Foust's heavy guns, and known as the"Came Pit". It was taken with the bayonet on the ; night of June 15, by a volunteer party of 31 men, under command of Lieutenant James Butler, of company d, accompanied BY Lieutenant DAVID Moore, of Company H. They worked their way between the enemy's forts and rifle-pits, and took one of the latter, with 4 prisoners, without firing a shot.

The enemy made frequent and determined efforts to dislodge us by shot and shell from the advanced positions we had gained, and before the completion of the rifle-pits. My command, withstood this fire with only such shelter as they could by logs and irregularities in the ground, but never lost an inch of ground that was once gained.

On June 24, during one of these shellings, we lost a brave soldier, who chose rather to die at his post than to leave it. Frederick SCHAGEL, of Company A, was struck by a piece of shell, which tore away his fully, killed a good soldier and a brave men. Corpl. William Clark, of Company A, was upon this post, and again displayed that courage for which I took occasion to mention his name in my report of the last battle. I herewith give the casualties of my command form June 15 to July 4 inclusive; Killed, 1, wounded 7. Total 8.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. McNULTA,

Colonel, commanding Ninety-Fourth Illinois.

Number 67. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Kenth, ninth Iowa Infantry. July 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by my regiment in the late siege of Vicksburg.

We landed below Young's Point, La., on the 11th day of June, 1863;

21 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

