
marched across the Point crossed the river to Warrenton, MISS, on the 12th.

On the 13th, we marched out 3 miles and bivouacked for the night. On the 14th, we were assigned position on the right of our (General Herron's) DIVISION, and in front of the enemy's works, since that time we have been actively engaged in flinging details for picket and fatigue duty. Our picket duty was mostly performed from rifle-pits, and there was constant skirmishing between our advance and that of the enemy in his rifle-pits. Under over of the night we advance our lines, and prior to the surrender we had driven the enemy from his advance lines and occupied them.

Our fatigue duty consisted in digging rifle-pits plaiting batteries and siege under to bear upon the enemy's works. This was continued and unremitting (well named fatigue duty) until the morning of the ever-glorious Fourth Day, of July when the glad news came to us that Vicksburg and surrendered. We were then ordered to join in the march of the triumphant army, which we did, and now occupy a part of the enemy's works.

There being no general engagement our casualties were few. Private Thomas Pender, of Company I, received a slight flesh wound in the thigh.

The promptness and fidelity with which the officers and men of my command performed their duties, which were indeed onerous in worthy of commendation, especially Major Bruce, whose constant and untiring energy is worthy of emulation.

I have, general the honor to be, your obedient servant.

D. KENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General W. W. ORME.

Comdg. Orme's Brigade, Left DIVISION, Army of the Tennessee.

Number 68. Report of Colonel Henry Bertram, twentieth Wisconsin Infantry. HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, number 10. Dated Headquarters Herron's DIVISION's, July 7, I have the honor to report that, on June 15, the Twentieth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers took its place in line of investment in front of Vicksburg, on the right of this DIVISION, and took active part with the balance, of the DIVISION in picket duty and throwing up intrenchments, erecting batteries, 7C.

On the night of June 22, while six companies of this regiment were on picket, captain Gillet, of Company D, with about 12 men of companies D and B charged upon a rifle-pits of the rebels in front, and captured 13 and killed 1. The casualties of the regiment during the investment are 2 wounded. I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BERTRAM,

Colonel Commanding Twentieth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Brigadier General W. W. ORME,

Commanding Brigade.

