
Number 69. Report of Captain Martin Welfley, battery, b, first Missouri Light Artillery. CAMP, BATTERY B, FIRST Missouri LIGHT ARTILLERY, Vicksburg, MISS., July 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of General Orders, number 10. DIVISION Headquarters, I hereby transmit to you a brief report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the siege of Vicksburg and encamped on a hill on the main road leading from Warrenton to Vicksburg.

On the 16th, a position was selected for one of the 12-pounder guns of the battery, and on the coming night under shelter of intense darkness, a breastwork was thrown up., the gun was in position at 2 a. m. and fire opened at daybreak. The position was such that the gun could no be brought to bear on more that one of the rebel shorts, armed with one siege gun. At the SECOND shot from our piece this rebel gun was withdrawn without having fired.]

As soon as the enemy ascertained our position, which was hidden from view by tress and batteries, without doing any execution. Not being able to bear on any of these batteries, our fire was discontinued after the Fifteenth round, the 12-pounder remaining in its position.

On June 18, a more favorable position was selected on a hill about 800 yards from the nearest rebel battery. A fatigue party was immediately set to work digging out places for two 12-pounders and one 32-pounders gun, thereby making the below of the hill a natural breastwork for the pieces.

On the morning of June 21, the two 12-pounder guns of the battery including the one above mentioned and one 32-pounder fun from the gunboat Benton, were in position, ready for action. Meantime one of the 12-pounder howitzer of the battery had been placed in the position before occupied by the 12-pounder gun,

At daybreak I opened fire with the four pieces in position under my charge, five of the enemy's forts and batteries being within range. The enemy first replied with vigor, but was finally silenced.

From this time on I always awaited orders from headquarters of the fire of the enemy before opening with my guns, and in the latter was generally successful in silencing the rebel pieces. Although the enemy's hot and shell fell very close, the latter generally exploding in our immediate front, none of my men were struck and no damage done to the pieces.

On the morning of July 4, the welcome intelligence of the surrender of Vicksburg was received, and in the course of the day the pieces were withdrawn to the camp of the battery.

The total under of rounds of ammunition fired by the piexeds under my charge is 910. The coolness and energy of the officers and men under my command deserve, my highest compliments.

I am, sire very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. WELFLEY,

Captain, comdg. Battery B, first Regiment Missouri Light Artillery.

Captain BURR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

