
their assistants, and none more steadily and cheerfully endured all that their duty imposed upon them, or more fitfully discharged every obligation demanded by the difficulties of our situation.

Captain D. Winter deserves especial in and around Vicksburg, always active, intelligent, and full of enemy, as the result of his labor fully testifies. I most respectfully urge that be he recommended to the War his company E. McMahon, f. Gilloly, and William O. Flyn, who have been his assistants-deserve great credit for the service they have performed.

Captain Robinson and his assistants-Captain J. J. Conway, captain James M. Couper, acting Lieuts. A. W. Gloser and Southard-during the whole siege were always at their posts, and for forty-eight days and nights were seldom off duty more than six hours out of the twenty four.

Captain James Hogane and Acting Lieutenant S. McD. Vernon were equally as tireless and full of zeal.

Acting Lieutenant Blessing was wounded while examining the enemy's approaches, and was continually hazarding his life in attempting to discover the enemy's intentions, and was ever active in his endeavors to thwart them. I would also especially mention Private St. Vigne, of Captain Winter's company, who was more than once distinguished for gallantry, and in addition to performing his duties as sapper and miner, served as an artillerist and sharpshooter until his ceaseless exertions had made him sick.

My office assistants-Lieutenant George Donnellan, Mr. Ginder, and Mr. Brower, my clerk-all deserve mention for their strict performance of every duty imposed upon them. Mr. Brower asked and received my permission to take every spare opportunity to go into the trenches, and did fine execution as a sharpshooter.

I have the honor to be major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL H. LOCKETT,

Major, and Chief Engineer Dept. Of Mississippi and East La.

Major R. W. MENNINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, dept. of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

P. S. -The following officers deserve particular notice, and I hope will be rewarded for their meritorious conduct and the valuable services they have performed;

Captain D. Wintter, commanding company sappers and miners; First Liet. E. McMahon, company sappers and miners, SECOND Lieutenant William O. Flyn, company sappers and miners, captain James M. Couper, formerly commissary Fourteenth Mississippi, acting SECOND Lieutenant Blessing, employed as assistant engineer, private ST. Vingne, of Captain Winter's company and Private George C. Brower, with Adams' cavalry.

I also beg leave to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding particularly to the services of Colonel D. H. Huyett, assistant engineer, who, on the night of May 17, succeeded in passing through the enemy's lines, and carried safety to the Engineer Bureau all my most important maps and papers.

