
An engagement took place, with repulsed in the complete repulsed of the enemy, and the sinking of the Cincinnati in front of our guns, after an action of thirty minutes.

Great credit is due to Captains Lynch and Johnston, of the First Lieutenant Artillery, for the handsome manner in which their guns were handled during the engagement.

The enemy's loss was severe, many of their men being killed in the port-holes by our sharpshooters. As the river fell, attempts were made by the enemy to recover the guns of the CINCINNATI by working at night to prevent which fire was opened on the sunken boat every night from one or two of my guns during the siege.

On the 28th, the 18-pounder rifled gun was sent to the rear lines, in charge of Captain L. B. Haynes' company, first Regiment Louisiana Artillery. At daylight on the 31st a tremendous fire was opened on the city from the enemy's funs in the rear, which did some damage to the works of the upper batteries. A battery of two small Parrot guns which opened upon my left at the same time was silenced by Captain Caper's 10-inch columbiad.

June 1, a large fire broke out in the city. Close upon the magazine of the Whig Office battery, which was at one time in great danger. The ammunition was taken our and placed in a more secure position. All the men of my command that could be spared form the guns were ordered out immediately to assist in arresting the progress of the conflagration.

From June 2 to 8, the enemy kept up an incessant fire from the mortar flats on the city and batteries, ane each day the gunboats below shelled the woods and lower batteries. Two of the field pieces in my command were turned over to Major General M. L. Smith be placed in the rear defense.

June 9 and 10, the fire from the mortars continued at irregular intervals. The enemy succeeded in placing sharpshooters in the woods on the Louisiana shore opposite the city, but the were driven off by a few well directed shots from one of the light field pieces of Major Ognde's command.

On the morning of June 11, the enemy opened fire from a 10-inch gun placed in Major General Forney's line. It was manned by a detachment of men from Company G, first Louisiana Artillery, under Liet. C. A. Conrad.]

June 13 to 15, a 30-pounder Parrot gun opened on the up-per batteries from the same position as the 10-inch gun mentioned previously Several of the mortars dropped down the river some 500 yards, and opened a heavy fire on the upper batteries. The two Parrot guns opened again on Captain Capers, but sheer silenced after five shots.

June 16, enemy opened fire on Captain Lynch's battery from a new work between Edward's negro quarters and the river, doing considerable damage to the parapets, traverses,&amp;c. But not injuring any of our men or guns.

June 17,18 and 19, mortars still keeping up an irregular fire. The guns on the Louisiana shore fired very rapidly in the morning and evening. Our batteries replied slowly. The Parrot battery opened again on Captain Capers, but never fired after our guns opened. Since the

