
surrender it has been ascertained that those two guns were totally disabled by Captain Caper's fire.

June 20, about 3 a. m. the enemy opened a heavy fire form both front and rear upon the city and batteries. Firing ceased at 7. 30 a. m.

June 21, mortars ceased firing. The enemy mounted a 100-pounder about 500 yards above the mortar-boats. It opened upon the city during the evening doing a great deal of damage. Captain Bond, in the lower batteries, opened fire with his 10-inch columbiad and 32-pounder rifled gun, when, after a few shots, the enemy's gun ceased firing.

June 22 to 27, firing from the guns on the Louisiana shore was kept up on the city and batteries with great vigor. Our guns replied slowly and with deliberation, but in consequence of the timber of the Louisiana shore affording ample means of masking batteries, it was very difficult to arrive at any satisfactory results.

On the 26th, the mortars resumed their fire upon the city, and on the same day numbers of the enemy's sharpshooters opened upon the city from the brushwood on the Louisiana shore.

June 28, firing still kept up. The 10-inch Brooks gun in the upper batteries burks one of the bands and also at the breech. At 4 p. m. the 100-pounder Parrot gun and two mortars opened upon the lower batteries.

June 29 and 30, heavy firing all along the river front. The gunboats shelled the woods around Captain Caper's battery. The mortar was brought from the rear, and remounted in its old position in the redoubt on the extreme left of my line. It was very successfully used in guns on the Louisiana shore, the enemy opened to small Parrot guns close to the bank in front of the city. Their fire was very slow and at irregular intervals.

July 1, the enemy opened fire on the mortar redoubt from his lines. Our works were somewhat damaged by it. The mortar replied, and almost immediately afterward the enemy's fire ceases.

July 2 and 3, heavy firing from all points. At 4 p. m. on the 3rd, I opened fire all along my lines, and at 5 p. m. the last gun was fired by the river batteries in defenses of Vicksburg. JULY 4, the city capitulated.

During this long and tedious siege, I am happy to say that the officers and men under my command discharged their duty faithfully and with alacrity. Owing to the weakness of our infantry force, they were called upon to perform other duties than those of fighting their guns. They formed a portion of the city guard, discharged the duties of fire nightly under arms as infantry in the tenches.

I have not yet received the surgeon's report of our 100 in killed and wounded. It will probably not amount to more that 30. Among the killed was Major F. W. Hoad the first Tennessee Heavy Artillery, who commanded the upper water battery. This battery was exposed constantly to an unceasing fire of mortars, parrots, and sharpshooters. The gallant major was always at his post, and fell with his face to the foe, struck in the breast by a fragment of a shell.

The officers who most distinguished themselves by their gallantry and unceasing vigilance during the siege were: Colonel Jackson, first Tennessee Artillery, who with his gallantry regiment, bore the brunt of the labors and dangers of the siege, ready, day or night for any duty to which the might be called; Lieutenant-Colonel [Robert]

