
Sterling Captains Lynch and Johnston, of the same regiment, major F. N. Ogden, Eighth Louisiana Artillery Battalion, and Captains McCroy and Grandepre, of the same battalion, Capts. W. C. Capers, r. C. Bond, and R. J. Bruce, Lieuts. R. Agaerr, e. D. Woodlief, and C. A. Conrad, first Louisiana Artillery. Captain W. C. Caspers, by his strict and indefatigable attention to his duties and gallant bearing won my admiration. Lieutenant C. A. Conrad, in command of the 10-inch mortar, behaved with great gallantry. Lieutenant W. T. Mumford, adjutant of the command, lieutenant W. M. Brigades, inspector-general, lieutenant w. YERGER, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant B G. Knight, volunttera ide-de-camp and Lieutenant W. O. Flyn, engineer officer, discharged their duties to my satisfaction.

It is but an act of simple justice before closing this report to make known the good conduct of Serge. Thomas Lynch, of the First Louisiana Artillery, who was in command of the picket boats and chief of the river police. By his ceaseless energy and his close attention to this very arduous duties, he made himself almost invaluable, and I trust the Government will reward his faithfulness. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

EDWARD HIGGINS,

Colonel of Artillery, c. S. Army,

Late in command of River Batteries, Vicksburg.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISS, and EAST La., Vicksburg,may 27, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD HIGGINS.

Commanding River batteries in front of Vicksburg.

COLONEL: It affords me pleasure to offer to you, and through you to your gallant artillerists, my grateful acknowledgments of your signal services against the enemy this day on the Mississippi River. In the assurance of his power, the enemy threatened our city of Vicksburg with five of his monster iron-clad gunboats, and seven of his powerful mortar batteries. You manfully worked your agents of the upper batteries against his force, nas by your skill sank one of his vaunted champions of the rive the gunboat. Cincinnati, carrying fourteenth guns, to the distant shore in discomfiture. You, drove, too, from their selected point of attack, by our lower batteries, four other iron-claded vessels, and soon after you caused silence to reign around the shore of our to the garland of Vicksburg's victories another bright chaplet. May God sped you in your good work.

You friend and commander,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

July 3.

Having no hope of General Johnston's relieving the garrison, and believing that we are unable to cu our way out, I think the terms of General Grant, as modified, are the best we can hope to obtain.

EDWARD HIGGINS,

Colonel, commanding River Batteries.

