HEADQUARTERS ON THE RIGHT,Vicksburg,

June 13, 1863.

MAJOR: An effort was made last night by about two regiments of Feds to take our picket line on the Hall's Ferry road. They were gallantly met and repulsed by the pickets of Cumming's right and Reynolds' left, and driven back. That line in now held by a strong force of pickets. A scout ordered out from my extreme right reports the enemy's line complete and compact, and that it was impossible for them to get through it.

Respectfully,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

Major MEMMINGER,

A. A. G., dept. Mississippi and East Louisiana, Vicksburg.
HEADQUARTERS,June 17, 1863.

The enemy made several efforts on yesterday to drive the pickets from General Barton's front. The finally concentrated on those of the Fortieth Georgia and drove them. I ordered the post to be retaken last night.

The within is the reply thereto. They have placed some guns in our battery opposite the canal, near the gin-house. The house was burned on yesterday.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Lieutenant general commanding.

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT,June 17, 1863-7. 30 a. m.

MAJOR: An effort was made last night to retake the picket posts in front of the Fortieth Georgia, but the enemy was found in so great have been out of proportion to the value gained. It was, therefore abandoned, and other posts established, which, it is through, till render the first untenable by the enemy. This proves to be the case. A dash was made on the extreme outpost of the Forty-second Georgia last night, and the post and 4 men captured. The post has been retaken this morning. An effort was also made to establish a battery opposite the Fifteenth SECOND Georgia, but was defeated.

S. M. BARTON,

Brigadier-General.

[J. J. REEVE.]
HEADQUARTERS FORCES ON THE RIGHT,June 24, 1863.

MAJOR: The firing of the enemy on General Barton has been very sever-to-day. They kept up a fire with nine pieces, and this evening drove in one of his pickets, capturing 7 men. General Barton seems

