
to apprehend an attack on his right, and states that the enemy in much greater force there than therefore. I have sent him two regiments. To night the enemy opened with grape and canister on the position recently taken from them by General Cumming's brigade, and moving up a force,, succeeded in recapturing it. Our pickets were consequently withdrawn to the immediate front of the works. I have one regiment in reserve in rear of Cumming's and can spare no more men for the rive front, as the loss of the work on the Halls' Ferry road renders that position very weak, and I may have to recall one of the regiments, sent to the river front.

I am major, respectfully your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-Commanding -General.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant General.

P. S. -I am just about starting for the lines myself
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,Demopolis, ALA,

July 29, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the nor to submit the following report of the operations of my DIVISION from its advance from Vicksburg to the capitation of the city. It had been delayed to this time by the constant occupation of myself and my subordinate commanders during the siege of Vicksburg and by the march which followed its capitulation. *

* * * * * * *

At bout 10 a. m., I received orders to take command of the army, and conduct its retreat to the fortifications around Vicksburg. The brigade of Brigadier-General Baldwin, of Smith's DIVISION, was assigned to the duty of bringing up the rear. Just before getting into the works, I was joined by the brigade of Colonel Reynolds, to whom, as I before stated, and been intrusted the charge of the trains of the whole army. He had crossed the Big Black after much difficulty and delay, occasioned by the absence of any facilities for so doing, at Bridgeport.

By mistake in the transmition of the order, the regiment of Colonel Beck remained at the river, resisted the attempts of the enemy to cross until 11 o'clock that night, and on., y withdrew upon the receipt of a peremptory order.

The retreat was conducted in a leisurely and orderly manner, and the troops entered the line of fortifications at about 6:30 p. m. +

* * * * * * *

On the morning of May, 18 the position to be held by each of the different DIVISION were assigned by the lieutenant-general himself. The portion of the line of defense wich was assigned to my DIVISION included the river front and the works south of the city from the river to the Railroad, a aline of about 5 miles in length. Baton occupied the

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see battle of Champion's Hill, pp. 93-99.

+For portion here omitted, see pp. 97,98.

---------------

