
salves, but from time to time as opportunities offered, and the enemy effect lodgments too close to our works, they were made with spirit and success. Among them, I may particularize a night sally made under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Guyton, of the FIFTY-forth THIRD Tennessee, the former of Cumming's the latter of Regiment points on and to the left of the Hall's Ferry road. The command sallied out, charged their works with admirable gallantry, and took them, with considerable loss to the enemy, who were in greatly superior force.

On the lines occupied by General Barton and Colonel Reynolds, the configurations of the ground favoring it, the enemy were prevented from series of attacks, and although they sometimes succeeded by force obsessed by the gaining favorable positions, they were invariably dispossessed by the daring sallies of the garrisons. A reconnaissance made resulted in the capture of 107 of the enemy's pickets. The reconnaissance was conducted in a manner which reflect credit of that able officers.

I cannot find works sufficiently strong to express the pride and gratification afforded me by the dauntless spirit which officers and men encouraged all the dangers, and by the unmurmuring endurance with they bore up for-forty-seven sleepless night and days, under all the hardships incident to their position. Confined, without a moment's relief from the very day of their entrance into the fortifications to that of the capitulation of the city, to the narrow trenches; exposed without shelter to the broiling sun and drenching rains; subsisting on rations till dark, and often during the night, in one ceaseless conflict with the confidence to relief, bore up bravery under every privation saw fortitude that adorns the soldier and the spirit that becomes the patriot who battles in a holy cause.

It was thus that the true and gifted patriot, colonel Garrott, of the Twentieth Alabama, died, as did the brave Captain Caliborne, of the artillery, and may other whose names I cannot mention without extending this report to too large a length. The regiment of Colonel Garrott was fortunate in having for his successor Lieutenant -Colonel Garrott was fortunate in having for his successor Lieutenant-Colonel Pettus, an officer who deserves and is completent to fill a higher position.

On July, 1, I received the accompanying confidential communication, marked a, from the lieutenant-general commanding. I immediately addressed a circular to my brigade commanders requiring the opinions of the commanding general having on the points suggested writing(copies of which were appended, marked B, c, d, e), I submitted the following reply to the lieutenant-GENERAL:
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,Vicksburg,

July 2, 1863.

GENERAL: Your confidential note of yesterday, requesting me to inform you as to the condition of my troops and their ability to make the marches and undergo the fatigues necessary to accomplish a successful evacuation of this city, was duly received, and I have the honor to state, in reply thereto, that my men are very cheerful, but from long confinement in the trenches and short rations are necessarily much enfeebled, and a

