
[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Stevenson'S DIVISION.

July 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communications, inclosing copy of a note from the lieutenant-general commanding, of the instant, in the former of which I am directed to give my opinion, as far as concerns my brigade, on several points raised in the latter.

As to the general fact that the troops of this brigade are in condition of great physical disability and weakness, in needs but see them in, or on their short beats to and from, the trenches, to be able to bear testimony to it.

Everything beyond this assertion of the general fact must, of course, be mare matter of opinion and conjecture. After much reflection upon the subject, based upon my own observations and the remarks, casual and incidental, of the regimental commanders, I would state the following as the conclusions at which I have arrived:

From shortness of rations, and greatly more from a confinement of forty-five days to the trenches, under the summer sun of a delighting climate, few if any, of the regimental commanders, I would state the following as the conclusion at which I have arrived:

I am disposed to believe that perhaps one in five of those now reported for"duty in the trenches" would, under different and favorable circumstances, be receiving medical treatment, and I have less hesitation in declaring it as my opinion that of this number, for"duty in the trenches",50 percent would on trial be found until, to encounter the fatigues incident to the line of the soldier in the field.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. Cumming,

Brigadier-General.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding,&amp;C.

[Inclosure D.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, Stevenson'S DIVISION.

Trenches,July 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note, inclosing a copy of one from General Pemberton, relative to supplies,&c., and on the two points involved, as far as my brigade is concerned they are weak from forty-five day's confinement in the trenches on scant diet, still, I consider them equal to undergoing the fatigue which would be incident to our evacuation of this city, taking in view its importance and the interest of our Condeferacy.

Yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding DIVISION.

[Inclosure E.]
HEADQUARTERS fourth BRIGADE,July 1, 1863.

GENERAL: In reply to your inquires as to the condition of my troops and their ability to make the marches and undergo the fatigue necessary to accomplish a successful evacuation, I have the honor to report that the condition of my troops in not good. Owing to reduced quantity past, to their close confinement in the trenches, constant exposure to

