
now night, and hostilities for the most part ceased. Withdrew off our men, after having maintained the ground for nearly ten hours' continuos fighting.

I am of the opinion that, had we been re-enforced at 12., or the demonstration kept up along the line to our right, thus preventing the enemy from massing directly in our front, we could have gained a lodgment in the enemy's works.

Since that time to the present date(May 24), nothing has transpired, the men quietly resting on the days succeeding the fight.

The SEVENTEENTH Ohio Battery, attached to my brigade, in the actions of the 20th and 22nd was almost entirely detached

from my infantry, and hence they have not been hitherto mentioned as frequently, perhaps, as was their due, and I take this opportunity to bear willing testimony to the brilliancy of their work. Being frequently at the batteries with them, I repeatedly observed the unwavering assiduity with which the officers watched for a chance to injure the enemy and the promptitude and enthusiasm with which the men responded to every call made upon them.

I cannot close without commending with highest praise the gallantry of my staff officers-Lieutenant Conover, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Keigwin and Lieutenant [Thomas J.]Elliott, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant [George W.] Richardson, acting inspector-general-who, through this long series of actions, have rendered efficient aid and service in the fatiguing duties of the field, or the more dangerous scenes of the battle.

Lieutenant [Joshua W.] Tolford, acting ordnance officer, with untiring energy kept not only my brigade but the whole DIVISION fully supplied with ammunition, and has since received merited promotion. Lieutenant [George W.]Friedley filled the double capacity of acting quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence with entire satisfaction, even in those places where it was difficult, almost impossible, to obtain supplies.

Where every officer and man acted with such bravery, it is difficult to particularize, and I can only mention some instances of individual gallantry which came under my personal observation. Colonel Lucas SIXTEENTH Indiana, showed distinguished courage in all the fights, more particularly on the 22nd, when notwithstanding he was wounded three times, he continued to cheer on his men with unabated vigor. For cool, resolute courage, major Redfield, of the SIXTEENTH Indiana, has stood conspicuous throughout the campaign. Colonel Guppery, twenty-THIRD Wisconsin, worked with the skill of a thorough soldier and the bravery of a man who does not know fear. Lieutenant-Colonel Buehler, Sixty-seventh Indiana, remained with his men in the hottest of the fierce carnage of the 22nd, and in fact, the officers of all the regiments heroically did their duty. I am largely indebted to Major Montgomery and Captain De Gress, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, the latter of whom was wounded while carrying messages for me during the assault of the 22nd; also Lieutenant Kensler, SIXTEENTH Indiana, wounded while acting aide-de-camp on the day.

I have had the honor heretofore to forward a report of the killed and wounded of my brigade, a copy of which is appended as part of this report* also a report of the prisoners captured during this campaign. +

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier General, comdg. First Brigadier, tenth Div., THIRTEENTH A. C.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, tenth DIVISION.

---------------

*Not found; but see revised statement, p. 161

+Omitted.

---------------

