
At about 10 p. m. on the 22nd, a gallant assault was made upon our works from the right of my position to the extreme left of our line of the river. The assault upon my front was a determined one, but was handsomely repulsed, with a considerable loss to the enemy. They succeeded, however, in carrying an angle of the work immediately to the right of the Railroad, and in planting two colors upon the parapet, which remained there for several hours. The angle was finally assaulted and carried by a gallant band of Waul's Texas Legion, under the command of the intrepid Lieutenant Colonel E. W. Pettus, twentieth Alabama Regiment. This brave officer, assisted by Major Steele and Captain Bradley, of the Legion,, and the heroic Texas, captured the colors of the enemy and about 50 prisoner, including a lieutenant-colonel. A more daring fear has not been performed during the war, and too much praise cannot be awarded to every one engaged in ti.

All the troops under my command behaved well during the assault, and inflicted severe loss upon the enemy was Texas Legion particularly distinguished itself, under its brave colonel, by its coolness and gallantry as did also a portion of Colonel Dockery's Arkansans regiment. The Twentieth Twenty-THIRD, and Thirty-first Alabama Regiments attracted my attention by their good conduct during the day. The above mentioned commands are those within particularly came under my personal observation during the assault.

From May 22, the enemy seemed to have abandoned the idea of carrying our works by assault, and from that time commenced pushing their works gradually, but industriously, toward ours, on to July 4, when the city was surrendered, at which time their trenches at several points on my line were within 30 feet of our works. As each of their ditches was completed, in was filled with sharpshooters, who kept up a continuos fire upon our lines. The enemy had also from fifteen to Thirty pieces of artillery in front of my line, which kept up a heavy fire during both night and day. The fire from their small-arms commenced Generally about half an hour before daylight, and continued until about dark in the evening. There was no relief whatever to our men, who were confined for forty-seven days in their narrow tenches without fact rain of Minie balls, which prevented any one from showing the least portion of his body, while at night, in consequence of the proximity of the enemy, it was impossible for the men to leave their positions for any length of time. After about the tenth day of the siege the men lived an about one-half rations, and on even less than that toward its close.

During the whole time the troops under my command exhibited cheerfulness and good spirit, feeling confident that they would finally be released. Physically they w ere much weakened by their arduous duties and poor rations, and at the time of the surrender I did not consider more than one-half of my men able to undergo the fatigues of the field.

The officers who particularly attracted my attention were: Colonel Garrott, twentieth Alabama, the pure patriot and gallant soldier, who was killed on June 17, while in the fearless discharge of his duties. Respected and loved by all who knew him, a more attentive and vigilant officer was not in our service. Cool. T. N. Waul, commanding Texas Legion, by his dashing gallantry and coolness, inspired everyone around him with confidence, and handled his Legion with skill. Colonels Beck and Shelley were particulary brave and vigilant. Colonel Pettus, twentieth Alabama, won the admiration of every

