
one by his daring on My 22, and by his uniform good conduct during the remainder of the siege. Lieutenant-Colonels Smith, thirtieth Alabama, Arrington, thirty-first Alabama, Timmins and of Wauls, legion, major Mathieson, thirty-first Alabama, captains Francis, thirtieth Alabama, and Brewer, forty-SIXTH Alabama, and Captains Waddell and Haynes, and Lieutenants Duncan and Collins, commanding batteries and sections of artillery, were gallant and vigilant.

Major John J. Reeve, assistant adjutant-general of the DIVISION, was with me on the lines upon several occasions, and particularly attracted my attention by his daring and coolness during the assault on the 22nd. Captain Conway, the engineer in charge of the works on my line was active and energetic in the discharge of his duties, and was unceasing in his efforts during night and as to check the approach of the enemy.

Of my personal staff I would mention the uniform cool and gallantry during the siege.

I would also mention Mr. West, who was serving on my staff, my orderly (L. B. Murphy, forty-SIXTH Alabama Regiment), and my couriers (Hill and J. M. Simpson), who were always gallant and at their posts.

A correct list of the casualties in the different regiments and companies cannot yet be furnished, as the reports have not been received from their commands.

Very respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General Stevenson's DIVISION.

ADDENDA.

Vicksburg,

July 3, 1863.

I do not think it is time to surrender this garrison and post yet. Nor do I thing it practicable to cut our way out. When it is time to surrender, the terms proposed by Grant are as good as we can expect.

I still have hopes of Johnston relieving the garrison.

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

Number 79. Report of Captain A. C. Roberts. Twenty-THIRD Alabama Infantry. ENTERPRISE, MISS. July 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on May 17, the Twenty-THIRD Alabama was ordered to take position on either side of the railroad on WEST bank of Big Black River, and hold the enemy in check should they attempt to cross. At this time the brigade was burning. Owing to the fact that the regiment did not receive the order to fall

