
back when the rest of the army retreated toward Vicksburg, colonel Beck, commanding Twenty-THIRD Alabama, held his position during the whole of the 17 under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters, which we returned with effect.

At 1 a. m. of May 18, we took up the line of march, and consequently did not reach Vicksburg until late inn the morning of the 18th. In the afternoon we were ordered to take our position in the trenches with the rest of our brigade, the Twentieth Alabama OCCUPYING OR RIGHT AND THE position assigned it during the siege under an incessant fire from the enemy in our front. The artillery fire was severe during the whole siege, with occasional brief intermissions. At times it was excessively heavy. During the while time the men and officers discharged their duty with firmness and steadiness. The fire from our trenches upon the enemy was slow and deliberate. We did not waste our powder, but no Abolitionist could show his head without danger form ball of buck at night heavy and wearing, but the men, with a noble devotion to the cause in which their hearts are enlisted, stood to their posts with patience and cheerfulness. The enemy, much to the regret of the men, made on direct attack on the trenches with the Twenty-THIRD Alabama held, but they received a heavy and effective fire from us as they came into range of our guns in their attempts on the left and right of our brigade.

Owing to Colonel Beck's having his leg badly broken by a kick from a horse on the march from Vicksburg to this place, the duty had devolved on me, as the senior with the regiment during the siege, to make this report. I regret this, as our gallant colonel would doublets have had a more extended report to make. I trust he will see fit to make an additional report when able, that honor my be given to whom honor is due.

Below you will find a statement of the casualties in this regiment from May 17 to July 4, inclusive. Casualties in Twenty-THIRD Alabama during the siege of Vicksburg: Killed 17, wounded, 15

Lieutenant M. A. Cobb, and efficient and gallant officer, was severely but it is hoped not dangerously wounded in the head. Two of those included in the wounded have since died of their wounds.

Yours, very respectfully,

A. C. ROBERTS,

Captain Company C, twenty-THIRD Alabama.

Captain WILLIAM ELLIOTT, Asst. Adjt. SECOND Brigade. Stevenson's DIVISION.

Number 80. Report of Major George W. Mathieson, thirty-FIRST Alabama Infantry. ENTERPRISE, MISS., July 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with a circular issued from brigade headquarters this evening requiring regimental commanders to furnish a report of the part taken during the siege of Vicksburg by their respective commands, and as I was commanding the Thirty-first Alabama Regi-

23 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

