
ment the great portion of the time, I have the honor, very respectfully, to forward you this as my report.

On May 18, we took our position in the trenches on the brigade of the railroad, occupying the THIRD redoubt, with Colonel Beck's regiment (Twenty-THIRD Alabama) ON MY RIGHT AND COLONEL SHELLEY'S (Thirtieth Alabama) on my left. Nothing occurred during that day and night to interrupt us.

On the 19th, about 12 o'clock the enemy began to take a position in my front, and opened a severe fire from his sharpshooters., during the following night he planted several pieces of artillery, and on the morning of the 20th began a heavy cannonade, which continued throughout the day and a portion of the ensuing night. It annoyed us very much, but did very little damage. A continuous fire was kept up by his sharpshooters and cannoneers until their day of May 22, when a heavy column of infantry appeared in front, and attempted to charge my position. The men of my command poured a heavy fire into their ranks for about an hour. When the main body retired, but continued the sharpshooting and cannonading until dark. His killed and wounded lay thick on the field, and he was evidently badly crippled. I do not know the precise amount of his loss, but think it must have been 150 or 200 in killed and wounded. Our loss was very small. We had 1 man killed near the redoubt. In the redoubt we had one 12-pounder howitzer, which did good service during the charge. The enemy permitted his dead and wounded to remain of the field until the evening of the 25th, when there was a truce of a few hours to allow his dead to be buried. A constant fire was a truce of a few hors to allow his dead to be buried. A constant fire was continued from day until the morning of July 4, when the city was surrendered.,

The officers and men of my command submitted to the hardship and privations of the siege with great endurance and patience. The strength of the regiment during the time we remained in the trenches ranged form 220 to 250 men.

Below, I give you a list of the killed an wounded in the command; Killed, 21, wounded 37.

Respectfully submitted.

G. W. MATHESON,

Major-Commanding Thirty-first Alabama.

Captain WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, SECOND Brigade.

Number 81. Report of CAPTAIN George E. Brewer, forty-SIXTH Alabama Infantry. PAROLE CAMP, On march, July 21, 1863.

Report of siege of Vicksburg of the Forty-SIXTH Regiment Alabama Volunteers from May 18 to July 4. After the defeat at Champion's Hill (alias Baker's Creek)during which fight the field officers and part of the staff of the regiment were either killed or captured the regiment with the army fell back to Vicksburg, where they were closely besieged by the enemy.

The regiment entered the trenches on May 18, and were steadily under

