
fire both form small=-arms and artillery from May 19, till July 4, the day of the surrender. their position was in rear of the redoubt upon the immediate right bank of and in the Railroad, and upon the left of the position held by Major-General Stevenson's DIVISION., the regiment was commanded during part of the siege by Captain George E. Brewer, senior captain, and the remainder of the time by Lieutenant-Colonel Pettus, of the Twentieth Alabama, until the death of Colonel Garrott, of the Twentieth Alabama, until the death of Colonel Isham W. Garrott, of the Twentieth Alabama, when Captain Brewer again returned to the command.

The enemy made a severe assault on May 22, upon the portion of the works habitually held by the regiment, but which had been previously temporarily relieved from duty in the trenches, but were brought up during the charge of re-enforced those which occupied their places.

Lieutenant-Colonel Pettus, who commanded at the time, greatly distinguished himself by his gallantry. The enemy were successfully repulsed. The regiment, without any display of peculiar bravery, behaved itself well and endured the privations of the siege with laudable patience.

The following is a list of the casualties in the different companies composing the regiment during to the siege. *

The above is respectfully submitted.

GEO. E. BREWER.

Captain, commanding Forty-SIXTH Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Number 82. Report of Colonel A. W. Reynold, c. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade. SIEGE OF Vicksburg.

On the morning of May 18, my BRIGADE WAS assigned its position on the line of intrenchments, on the left of General Barton, whose brigade occupied the extreme right, my left resting on the Hall's Ferry road, and on the right of General Cumming. The Thirty -first Tennessee, FIFTY-NINTH, and five companies of the THIRD Tennessee Regiment, we was assigned to the ditches; the Forty-THIRD Regiment and five companies of the THIRD Tennessee Regiment held as a reserve. The artillery, consisting of five light pieces, under Captain Claiborne, were posted in the center and right center-one piece, under Captain Corput, on the left center-one section, under Lieutenant Bower, on the right, one piece under Sergeant Harriston, on the right center and one 18-pounder siege piece on the left center, under Lieutenant Crane.

In taking my position I found the works so weak and easily enfiladed that it was necessary to fill up some of the trenches and dig others, consequently I did so, and erected new redoubts on the line for my artillery.

On the night of the 18th, I threw out a line of skirmishers or pickets about half a mile in front of my works. Each officer and soldier was assigned his place in the rifle-pits, and my reserve in proper position.

---------------

*Nominal list shows 2 officers and 13 men killed, 1 officer and 44

men wounded, and 19 officers and 298 men surrendered.

---------------

