
Number 83. Report of Colonel T. N. Waul, Texas Legion. HEADQUARTERS WAULT'S Texas LEGION, Demopolis, July 30, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding, I have the honor to report the part taken by Waults Texas Legion in the defense of the city of Vicksburg.

The portion of the Legion, which entered the city on May 1, was present during the siege, consisted of eleven companies of infantry, one company of artillery, a detachment of mounted scours, and a battalion of Zouaves, attached to the command. Captain Wall's battery of artillery was ordered to report to General Forney, under whose command it remained until the capitulation, the rest of the command, placed in reserve by order of the lieutenant-general, were present on the 18th and 19th at the different points on General Smith's and Forney's line assaulted by the enemy, or where an attack seemed imminent.

In the afternoon of the 19th, ordered to report to General Stevenson, the command was placed in the rear of General Lee's brigade it being the most assailable and threatened point of General Stevenson's line.

On the morning of May 22, the enemy opened with a fierce and incessant fire of artillery, which continued for two hors. After the cannonading ceased, the enemy moved in distinct and separate columns against each of the salient points in General Lesws's front, their forces massed in the rear. The advance and supporting columns started as at a double quick, with DIVISION front. Two companies of the Legion, under the command of Major Steele, were sent to support the garrison in the left redoubt. The remainder were ordered to the front, and too an active part in the defense of the line and the repulse of the enemy. Unprotected by breastworks, they were subjected to the most galling fire and well they sustained the noble cause for which they fought, never relaxing, but with increased ardor, until the last of the enemy was prostrated or driven from their sight. The loss was severe sever, particularly so in officers, every officer of the staff present being either killed or seriously wounded. Assistant Adjutant-General Papendieck and Aide-de-Camp Simmons, after exhibiting the most gallant and daring conduct in extending orders under the incessant stream of shell and Minie balls, fell, leaving and undying record of their courage and dauntless berating.

After the repulse of the advance columns of the enemy, it was perceived that a party more daring had crossed the ditch of the redoubt on the left, planted two flags upon the parapet, entered a breach made by their artillery, taking a few prisoners and driving the garrison from the angle of the fort. Alive to the importance of the position, general Lee issued and reiterated orders to Colonel Shelly, commanding the Thirtieth Alabama, who occupied the fort, to retake it at all hazard, offering the flags to the command capturing them. After several vain attempts, they refused to volunteer, nor could the most strenuous efforts of their chivalric commanders urge or incite them to the assault. General Lee then directed the colonel of the Legion to have the fort taken. General Lee then directed the colonel of the Legion to have the fort taken. He immediately went, taking with him one battalion of the Legion to aid or support the assailants, if necessary, informing Captain Bradley and Lieutenant Hogne, who re-

