
I desire to acknowledge to both officers and men for their prompt and willing obedience to every order. The ordinary camp murmuring against commissaries and quartermasters were hushed. Scant reactions were received with more pleasure than the most abundant herefore. They entered fully into the wiles of the lieutenant general to extend over the greatest length of time the provision on hand. Actuated by the sole desire to hold the city and defeat the enemy, they were ready to obey, and with eagerness, any command that prudence or desperation might require.

In addition to those already mentioned, major OF. Stelle greatly assisted, by his vigilance and promptness, in sustaining discipline and holding the command prepared for the most sudden emergence. Captain H. Wickeland's extensive military acquirements, his labors in addition to the command of his company him as a valuable officer.

Captain J. B. Fleitas, of the First Louisiana Zouaves, prompt and fearless, with his brave command, rendered essential support to eh Legion, through the eventual progress of the siege.

I am, respectfully,

T. N. WAUL,

Colonel, commanding Waul's Texas Legion.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 84. Reports of Major General John H. Forney, C. S. Army, commanding DIVISION. Headquarters FORNEY'S DIVISION. May 19, 1863.

GENERAL: Three regiments and one battalion of General Hebert, brigade repelled the attack of the enemy to-day, commencing at 2. 230 p. m. advancing in three lines. They succeeded in getting immediately under the parapet of the battery, in position of the Graveyard road. Two colors were left within 10 feet of the works, but were not taken, on account of the very severe fire of the enemy's sharpshooter, and were either destroyed or taken away after dark.

Three attacks were made. In the first they were driven back, in the SECOND the same result, and in the third they reached the parapet, as stated above. About 50 will cover the lossed in front of this position, and perhaps one-fourth of these fatally.

Six batteries of theirs are now bearing immediately on the work on the Jackson road, and others on the Baldwin's Ferry road, one at the Ferguson house; another this side of the Ferguson house, and on the right of the railroad. I thing they are moving artillery between the two roads. These batteries have kept up continuous fire all day upon the works between the roads. Our losses among the troops between the roads, will amount to about 37.

Their pickets to-night are advancing to the right of the Jackson road, and within 200 yards of our lines, and a line of battle was discovered late this evening in rear of these skirmishers. Our pickets, concealed heard them say. They would be in our line in five hours". I have just recalled the Fortieth MISSISSIPPI, sent to Grayerad Hill this morning, and will place it in its old position.

