
Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Frederick W. K MOORE, Eighty-THIRD Ohio Infantry, including operations April 14-May 22. HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD Regiment Ohio VOL. INFANTRY, Camp before Vicksburg, MISS.,

May 25, 1863.

SIR; I have the honor to submit, according to instruction of this date, a condensed statement of the movements of my command since its last departure from Milliken's Bend, La.

On April 14, the Eighty-THIRD Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with the remainder of the First Brigade, marched from Milliken's Bend to Oak Grove plantation.

On the 15th, marched through Richmond, La., to Holmes' plantation, and went into camp at that point on the 16th.

On the 22nd, this regiment proceeded, under special orders, to SMITH's plantation (15 miles farther south), and reported to Major General John A. McClernand, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps. Was there employed on provost and police duty until April 27, when it rejoined the First Brigade, and was transported to Perkins' plantation, 8 miles below New Carthage, La.

On the 28th, re-embarked, and moved down the Mississippi River within sight of Grand Gulf, bivouacking on the Louisiana shore.

On the 29th, marched bu land below Grand Gulf, after the failure of the gunboats to silence the batteries at that point.

On the 30th, were transported by gunboat to the Mississippi shore, below Bayou Pierre, and shortly after midnight marched toward Port Gibson without halting. Took post for action to support the right wing of the THIRTEENTH Army Corps.

May 1, maneuvered all day without getting under fire until near 2 p. m., when Companies A and F, as skirmishers, supported by the remainder of the regiment in line, drove the FIFTH Missouri (rebel)Regiment from a wooded hill in our front, and made a demonstration on a heavy howitzer battery, which turned its fire upon them for about two hours without inflicting any damage. For want of support on the right, the regiment(and the brigade at the same time) afterward fell back, having sustained no greater loss than 3 men very slightly wounded, and having taken 10 or 12 prisoners, who were immediately sent to the rear.

On the 2nd, at daybreak, I advanced skirmishers, the regiment following in line on the left of the SIXTEENTH Indiana, and entered the town of Port Gibson without resistance.

On the 2nd, advanced to the bridge over Bayou Pierre, near Willow Springs, on the Vicksburg road.

On the 7th, advanced beyond Rocky Springs.

On the 9th, advanced to Big Sandy Creek.

On the 10th, advanced beyond Cayuga, MISS.

On the 12th, made a detour to the left, and drove in the enemy's pickets on Fourteen-Mile Creek, about 6 miles from Edwards Depot.

On the 13th, moved again to the right, and bivouacked on Burrows' plantation, about 8 miles from Utica.

On the 15th, marched toward Raymond, and maneuvered in the direction of Edwards Depot until about 9 a. m. of May 16, when the enemy appeared in force at Midway Hill.

My regiment immediately formed line on the left of the SIXTEENTH Indiana, on a commanding eminence, supporting Blount's (SEVENTEENTH

