
have sent him the SEVENTEENTH Louisiana and half of Twenty-eight Louisiana, sent me by General Smith. We have also had hard fighting on my left, and on Jackson road. All quiet at these points now.

Very truly,

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

Major MEMMINGER.

[P. S.]-General Moore is again hotly engaged.

Headquarters DIVISION,

May 23, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor ro report yesterday's operations. their sharpshooters and artillery of the enemy opened on y entire front early in the morning, and kept up an incessant fire during the whole day. Serious attacks were made and repulsed at three points on the line, namely:

1. On my extreme right General Moore, and extending toward General Lee's front; two attacks, the first at 11 a. m. and the SECOND at 5 p. m.

The enemy succeeded in getting in the ditch of the work on right of Baldwin's Ferry road. Shell with five second fuses were thrown over on them. They did not, however, retire till after dark. The SECOND Texas Colonel Ashbel Smith) held this work, and captured a stand of colors, with the color beared. The orad in front of this position was left covered with the dead bodies of the enemy. This position was most vigorously assailed, and the last assault was of longer duration than the assaults at the other points.

2. The works immediately on right and left of the Jackson road General Hebert, were twice assailed. The troops making the assault were apparently of the Irish nation, as they carried the green flag, with golden harp and border, of that people. They advanced in platoon front, wich scaling ladders. The enemy also succeeded in getting into the ditch in front of the work here, but were soon driven out. The enemy's loss way very heavy, and ours, also was quite severe, particularly among the cannoneers.

3. On my left General Hebert, and extending to General Smith's right, on the Graveyard road, thee distinct and serious assaults were made. Each time the enemy was repulsed with great loss. The enemy advanced in three or more lines of battle. The first advanced as sharpshooters. This line kept up a constant fire over the parapets, under cover of which the SECOND and third lines advanced.

The fire of the enemy's artillery has damaged our works at all three of these points considerably. Two of the 20-pounder Parrot, guns on this line are disabled, and the 24-pounder Parrot guns on this line are disabled, and the 24-pounder siege gun on the Baldwin's Ferry road was disabled, early yesterday morning. At the work on the right of the Baldwin's Ferry road the guns have been removed and the embrasure filled up. It is with great difficulty that we can procure shads and shovels to repair the damage done during the day. New Yorks will request that spades and shovels be sent. The enemy remains in force opposite these three points.

The following are the casualties reported: In Moore's brigade-killed, 21; wounded 56. In Hebert's brigade-killed, mayor Yates, thirty-Sixth Mississippi Regiment; Captain Ryan, twenty-first Louisiana Regiment;

