
Lieutenant Lehman, twenty-THIRD Louisiana Regiment, and 18 ENLISTED men. Wounded 2 lieutenants and 37 enlisted men. Total in the DIVISION killed, 42, wounded, 117.

Everything is unusually quiet along the lines this morning the enemy only firing occasionally with artillery and a few sharpshooters.

I am major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant General.

P. S. -The troops on the entire are in fine spirits. Their work will be well done.
HEADQUARTERS FORNEY'S DIVISION.

May 24, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following as the result of yesterday's operations along my lines:

On my right everything was unusually quiet. On the left there was occasional artillery firing and some sharpshooting, which was somewhat annoying and injuries. The enemy seem to be posting been batteries both on the Baldwin's Ferry and Jackson roads, form which they will probably soon open a heavy fire on our works.

The following are the casualties reported: In Moore's brigade-2 killed and 10 wounded. In Hebert brigade -killed, captain Graves, thirty-eight Mississippi Regiment, lieutenant Murrell, thirty-Sixth Thirty-eight Regiment, and 4 enlisted men. Wounded, captain Baylis, seventh Mississippi Battalion, lieutenant Randolph, THIRD Louisiana, and 20 enlisted men. Total in division -killed 8, wounded, 32.

I am, major very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNumber H FORNEY,

Major-General.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters DIVISION,

MAY 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report briefly the operations of yesterday along my line.

At dawn the enemy commenced his usual sharpshooters, hand a little later opened from his batteries also; there fire from both, however, was much reduced. On the left, the enemy was busy throwing up intrenchments, and in front of the works on the Jackson road, they pushed a sap to within 20 feet of the works. A few hand-grenades made them desist. The SECOND Texas Regiment, of Moore's brigade had up to the morning of the 24th collected from its front eighty three stand of arms, and the Forty-SECOND Alabama five. Most of them were Enlisted rifles. They also obtained about 9,000 rounds of cartridges and 1,500 corps. Casualties-In Moore's brigade wounded 8 enlisted men. In Heberts brigade-killed 2, enlisted men; wounded 1, officer and 1 enlisted men.

I am, major, very respectfully,

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General, commanding.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant General.

