HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,May 27, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on yesterday the enemy continued his usual sharpshooting and artillery firing. Casualties in the DIVISION, 1 killed and 7 wounded. The enemy is making gradual approaches upon our works by digging trenches and throwing up breastworks and traverses. In this they are strongly supported by columns of infantry, and I do not see that it is practicable for us to attempt to stop them. We need at least one more regiment to be laced in the road. There is a space along three now unoccupied by troops, the two regiments intended as a reserve for that point having been removed. This in my opinion, a matter of moment and I wish the attention of the commanding general particulary called to it. We have now no reserve for General Hebert position, and, indeed, none of General Moore's the Seventeenth Louisiana although held in reserve, being in point of fact guarding two points now occupied by troops. General Moore reports his men much worn in the trenches, and recommends that a portion of them be withdrawn during the day to a short distance form the trenches for rest. I would concur in this recommendation were it not that the enemy is so close at hand.

I ma, major, very respectfully,

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Near Vicksburg,

May 28, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report yesterday's proceedings along my line. Before the works on Jackson road the enemy continues to work on this breastworks and trenches. We think, however he, had discontinued the work on the sap or mine within 20 feet of the work on Jackson road. I inclose report of General Moore, in relation to the works of the enemy on his right. Three regiments from General Bowen's DIVISION arrived yesterday evening, and are posted as follows, viz: One in the trenches along the Jackson road, and between the main works, on either side of that road. The other in reserve in Magazine ravine, between Jackson and Baldwin's Ferry roads. The sharpshooting and artillery firing of the enemy slightly slackened. Casualties. -killed, 2 enlisted, wounded, 8 enlisted men, all Hebert's brigade.

I am, major, very respectfully., your obedient savant,

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 380.

---------------

