
were throw against the roller, but the officer threw over a loaded shell wrapped in cotton, saturated with turpentine, which exploded the moment the enemy seized it. After this the roller was soon burned. The other sap-roller had been previously burned by Lieutenant Burt, of Wither's artillery, who shot a piece of fuse into if from a musket. Since the burning of the sap-rollers the enemy seems to have a given up extending his lines left of the Baldwin's Ferry road, and have begun what appears to be mound, at which he is working industriously

Yesterday they opened again from their trenches a brisk musketry fire, object not know. On General Hebert's line at 1. 30. p. m. yesterday, as the lieutenant-general is already informed the enemy exploded a mine, perhaps two simultaneously, under the redan on the left of the Jackson road. The work was at the time defended by the Sixth Missouri Regiment. The enemy made no attempt to charge after the explosion. Perphas he only wished to destroy lefe and weaken the position. In this he has succeeded but too well. The redan itself is entirely gone, and the interior line considerably weakened.

Immediately after the explosion, the enemy opened his batteries upon the point minded, doing considerable damage. He also opened from what is supposed to be Cohorn mortar, which thrown its MISSILES among the men with great accuracy, killing and wounding many, and tending much to dishearten the men. At the time of the explosion, w white man sapper and 8 negroes are reported to have been countermining in the redan, who were, of course lost. Besides these, 1 man, was killed and 20 wounded by the explosion in the THIRD Indian which was on the left of the Sixth Missouri. Also 4 men of William T. Raffin's battery wounded. The casualties in the Missouri regiment must have been numerous. They were not reported to me.

The sap-roller in front of the Thirty- eight Mississippi Regiment, on the Jackson road, was burned last night by Captain 	L. B. Taylor, of General Hebert's staff, by means of fire-balls, in the same manner as the one on Baldwin's Ferry road. Yesterday bodies of infantry and artillery were observed from the Jackson road, moving to our right. There was nothing to indicate their destination.

I am, major very respectfully,

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER, assistant Adjutant General.

DIVISION Headquarters,

Enterprise, MISS.

July 21, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with instruction from the lieutenant-general commanding, of this date, calling for report of battle of Baker's Creek and Big Black River, and also of the operations during the siege of Vicksburg, I have report that, in or about May 4, I relieved Major General Stevenson, in command of the Second Military District, headquarters at Vicksburg.

During the battle of Baker's Creek on May 16, my command consisted of the following troops, viz, my own DIVISION proper Hebert's and Moore's brigades. Major-General M. L. Smith's DIVISION State troops, under General Harris, colonel T. N. Wuls' Texas Legion, and the heavy artillery, colonel Higgins commanding posted as follows General Hebert, with his brigade, occupied the line along the Yazoo

