
River, from Hayne's Bluff to Mississippi River, general Moore, 30th his brigade and the State troops attached, guarding river front at Warrenton and the approaches from the lower ferries on Big Black River. One brigade of General Smith's DIVISION was posted in the city, guarding the river front. With the other two brigades of his DIVISION, with Waul's Legion attached, general Smith guarded the approaches to the city from the Hall's Ferry road around to the railroad bridge, on the Big Black River; the heavy artillery at the batteries in town. Beside these troops thus posted in the vicinity of Vicksburg, there was also under my orders Colonel Ferguson, on the Upper Deer Creek and Sunflower River, with a few companies of infantry, a section of artillery, and a small force of cavalry. None of these troops were engaged in the battle of Baker's Creek. A portion of General Smith's command was engaged in the battle of Big Black Bridge. The part taken by them in that engagement will doubtless be reported through General Smith.

SIEGE OF Vicksburg.

On the morning of May 17, while the main body of the army was falling back to the intrenchments around Vicksburg, I resumed command of my DIVISION proper, and, in pursuance of instructions from the Lieutenant-general commanding, directed General Hebert to prepare to evacuate the post of Snyder's Mill, and to hurry into Vicksburg all commissary stores possible. For this purpose all available wagons were sent to him. In the afternoon of the same day, I was directed to place was brought at once from its position near Warrenton, and placed in the Intrenchments on either side of the Baldwin's Ferry road. General Hebert was directed to march his troops to Vicksburg, bringing with him all ordnance and ordnance stores he could; to send up the Yazoo all boats at Haynes' Bluff, with orders that they should be fired rather than allowed to fall into the hands of the enemy; to send mounted and to leave behind, at Snyder's a few companies to keep up a show of property (previously prepared for destruction) whenever it would become evident the place would fall into the possession of the enemy, and then to make the best of their way to Vicksburg, or endeavor to escape across the Yazoo. A report of the proceedings of his detachment has, I presume, ben made to the lieutenant-general commanding, by Colonel I. W. Patton, who was by him sent back to attend to the matter.

The detachment rejoined its command in Vicksburg on the morning of the 18th. General Hebert arrived in Vicksburg, with his command, before daylight on the morning of the 18th, having succeeded in bringing with him, from Snyder's besides all the light pieces. Two 20-pounder Parrotts and 	Whitworth gun. His troops were soon in the intrenchments on either side of the Jackson road. In bringing my troops form their former position, I directed them to drive inside of the fortifications all the beef-cattle, hogs, and sheep that had been collected from the surrounding country, and squads of mounted men had previously been sent out for this purpose.

On May 18, at about 1 p. m., brigadier-General Shoup, of general Smith's DIVISION reported the enemy advancing on his position, and, by direction of the lieutenant-general, two of General Hebert's regiments were sent from his right to re-enforce his left. The whole of the DIVISION (the effective strength of which was about 4,700) was now in the trenches,

