
12-pounder howitzer is disabled, through it may yet fire as few shots. Damages will be repaired as far as practicable to-night.

Casualties. Killed: Captain Gomez, twenty-THIRD Louisiana Infantry; Captains Chrisman and Tatom Thirty-Sixth, Mississippi, and 3 enlisted men. Wounded: Captain C. A. Brusle, aide-de-camp, and 12 enlisted men.

Respectfully submitted.

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.

Major S. CROM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters HEBERT BRIGADE.

June 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, for two days before, the enemy had been advancing their works on the Jackson road, under the cover of cotton bales placed on a car, which car was moved along at will. Yesterday I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Russell, of the ; THIRD Louisiana Regiment, to make an attempt to destroy this cotton, and if necessary, I would order some volunteers to dahs forward and fire ; the cotton. The lieutenant-colonel, however, invented a safer and a much simpler course. He procured spirits of turpentine and tow, and keeping his musket-balls with the same, fired them, with light charges, into the cotton bales. His attempt succeeded admirable. The cotton was soon burning and our sharpshooter, having been we instructed prevented the fire from being extinguished or the cotton rolled away. Lieutenant-Colonel Russell reports that the car and over twenty bales of cotton on it were destroyed. He says that the car was composed of the platform o freight railroad car, and the wheels apparently iron. The car was at a distance of some 75 yards from our works when destroyed, at 10 p. m. yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Russell deserves commendation for his success.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-GENERAL.

Major S. CROM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

DIVISION Headquarters'S BRIGADE.

June 9, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded fro the information of the lieutenant-general commanding. This report was not made until after my return from Vicksburg this morning.

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

Headquarters HEBERT'S BRIGADE,

June 26, 1863.

MAJOR: Kept out at the trenches during the entire night, and afflicted to day-with a fever, I have failed to this time to hand in my usual daily report.

The night of the 24th passed off with little firing on my line, and no change was visible, except the near approach of saps and the addition of newly thrown up earth at several points.

