
During the 25th, the enemy continued his labors, but no movements of troops were seen. The skirmishing was as usual. At 5 p. m. rapid musketry firing on our right seemed to indicate an attack on the Baldwin's Ferry road and farther to the right. Up to about 5. 30 p. m. there was no indication of a projected attack on the Jackson road. At that hour the enemy sprang his mine under the main redan, on the left of the road, and advanced to the assault. His attempt was a feeble one, and was easily defeated, but few of this men could be brought to mount the breach and with the exception of one officer supposed to be a field officer, leading the forlorn hope, evinced determination. He mounted the parapet, waved and called his men forward, but was instantly shot down. After his repulse, the enemy occupied the outer slope of our works, and from there commenced, accompanied by musketry fire, a terrific shower of hand-grenades upon our men. We replied with grenades and sharpshooters, and this species of combat is still going on this morning. Everything indicates that during the nigh the enemy did a great deal of work, and is likely to have started new mines. At any rate, he has given shelter in our outer ditch to his men by throwing up sand-bags,&amp;c. He is now in position to appear in our works at any instant. As soon as any indication of an attack became apparent, colonel Eugene Erwin moved his reserve regiment the SIXTH Missouri Infantry to the line. At the assault, he gallantly attempted to lead some of his men to follow him over the parapet. Whilst on the top he was instantly killed. In him the army has lost a true and distinguished soldier-one who promised to gain high rank and position. After the first charge, the enemy attempted to advance by covering himself with logs and pieces of timber. He was made to fall back several times by the rapid and well-directed fire of a piece of our artillery commanded by Lieutenant Scoot. He has, however, in the night succeeded in covering his men.

Three regimental flags alone were seen at any time, and it is my belief that the enemy never contemplated but an assault to secure the Redan, and there hold. This he undoubtedly through of doing during the confusion that would exist, as he conceived, in our troops. He was however, quite mistaken, as the explosion created no dismay or panic among our brave officers and soldiers, and every one was ready for the force before the appeared.

At the time of the explosion, 6 enlisted men of the Forty-THIRD Mississippi Regiment were at work in the shaft, which our engineers were digging in the redan to meet the enemy's line. These soldiers were necessary lost. Not another man was injured by the explosion. This is attributable to the shaft in question, which served as a vent upward to the force of the blast, and thus confined the breaking up of the soil to a shorter distance in the direction of the perpendicular of the redan.

At 10 p. m. Colonel James McCown, with his FIFTH Missouri Regiment infantry, reported as re-enforcement. He was ordered my me to take the rear of the THIRD Louisiana.

Colonel Cockrell, however, soon appeared in the trenches as commanded of the two Missouri regiments, and at once brought the FIFTH to the line, generously reliving three companies of the fatigued THIRD Louisiana. The brave MISSOURIANS have added laurels to her already glorious renown. As to my own troops, I have but to say that they have done their duty nobly.

In the list of casualties, I deem it proper to include the Sixth and FIFTH Missouri.

