
along my from, on the Jackson and Graveyard roads, and his strong line of sharpshooters was within easy musket range of our works. He had also commenced his line of works, and, so far as my front was concerned, he may be said to have completed his investment. The peremptory orders to draw in our skirmishers, not to use our artillery except against advancing columns of infantry, or against artillery being placed in battery all to save ammunition, allowed the enemy to at once make his investment a close one, and to commence his trenches, saps,&amp;c., in close proximity to our works. From that time our entire line became subject to a murderous fire, and nearly every cannon on my line was in time either dismounted or otherwise injured.

At about 10 a. m. on May 19, an attack was made on the Graveyard road, extending along the front of Major-General Smith's right and the front of my two regiments and battalion on my left. Seeing the advancing columns, I directed Lieutenant Bates' 20-pounder Parrott and a 3-inch rifle piece of the Appeal Battery in the work on the Jackson road to ope upon them. This was done with very good effect. The enemy, however. Several times pressed on to the assault, but were as often repulsed, notwithstanding the effort of the officers. Before long he fell back discomfited, having suffered severely.

On the 22nd, he again advanced to the assault, and apparently with serious and strong determination. On my line his points of attack were the Jackson and Graveyard roads. He charged three times on the Graveyard road and twice on the Jackson road, but was as often repulsed with very heavy loss. A small number only-succeeded in reaching our exterior ditch. At the redan of the Twenty-first Louisiana, a few scaling ladders reached the outer ditch, but were not planted. By dark the enemy had fallen back, severely punished and discomfited. From that time ; he seemed to abandon all hope of taking our works by assault, and applied himself assiduously to the reduction of our line by regular and systematic approach.

On June 2, other troops having been ordered to occupy the works held by my left, I moved the Thirty-eight along the Jackson road, between the THIRD and Twenty-first Louisiana; and the Thirty-Sixth Regiment on the right of the battalion, having massed the THIRD Sixth Regiment on the right of the battalion, having massed the THIRD and Twenty-eight Mississippi and THIRD Louisiana.

On this day (June 25), at about 5. 30 p. m., and before the Sixth Missouri entered the trenches, the enemy sprang his first mine under the redan of the THIRD Louisiana, and made an effort to storm the breach effected. He was promptly met and signally repulsed. He however, occupied our exterior slope and ditch, and till late in the night a brisk fight with sharpshooting and hand-grenades was kept up on both sides. At the time the mine was exploded, 6 enlisted men of the Forty-THIRD Mississippi were at work in a shaft sunk in the terr-plain of the redan for the purpose of countermining. These men were all buried and lost. Colonel Eugene Erwin sprang on the parapet to lead a charge against the

