
enemy in the exterior ditch. He was shot and instantly killed, the service thus losing a brave, accomplished, and distinguished officer.

In the mean time, before June 25,, the enemy had placed heavy guns in very close range on the Jackson road and had demolished a large amount of our parapet. He had also, by erecting daily new batteries, approaching and elevating his sharpshooters, compelled us to work incessantly night and day repairing our parapets, constructing new lines, digging new pits,&amp;c. He had also commenced shelling, with serious effect, from a mortar on the Jackson road.

From June 25 to July, 1 he pressed forward his works and continued his telling fire on our line. On this last day, at about 1. 30 p. m. he sprang his SECOND mine under the main redan, on the left of the Jackson road. He, however, made no attempt to storm the breach, to the disappointment of our brave soldiers, who though for a moment stunned by the fearful shock they sustained, were instantly ready to meet the foe and once more teach him that he could not take our works by assault.

The men was a very heavy one. The entire left face, part of the right, and the entire terr-plain of the redan were blown ; up, leaving an immense deep chasm. Our interior works were materially injured. One sapper and 8 negroes, of the engineer department, occupied at countermining, were buried and lost, and the THIRD Louisiana lost 1 killed and 21 wounded and the Appeal Battery 4 wounded by the explosion. The loss of the Sixth MISSOURI by the mine I cannot state. It must have been serious.

During July 2 and up to 8 a. m. on the 3rd, the enemy's fire was kept up as ususal, our troops suffering more than before from his mortar shelling. At 8 a. m. on the 3rd, all firing ceased by the sending out of a flag of truce. This cessation of hostilities continued to the end of the siege, the next day.

On July 4, at 10 a. m., in accordance with the terms of capitulation and orders received, my command stacked their arms in front of their lines, evacuated their trenches, and were marched to bivouac in the rear of our works, where they are now being paroled.

On May 19, colonel Charles Herrick reported to me for artillery duty in my brigade. He was at once assigned as chief of the artillery on my line. Proceeding to his duties, he found himself at the Graveyard road at the time of the assault of that day. Gallantly joining in the fight, he fell, mortally wounded, dying a few days after.

On May 21, lieutenant Charles A. Brusle, aide-de-camp, received a painful wound in the shoulder by a Mine ball.

On July 1, before the explosion of the mine, lieutenant P. J. Blessing, assistant engineer, was painfully wounded by a sharpshooter. This officer had been unremitting in his labors night and day during the siege, often showing a gallantry and devotion worthy of reward. Casualties in the different regiments, battalions, and companies will appear in the list of names to accompany this report.

The above is a brief history of the part taken by my brigade in the siege of Vicksburg, terminated by the capitulation of July 4, 1863. I will not cite here individual acts of bravery and of devotion. I will not pass companies of officers and soldiers by name. With few, very few of the admiration of the army and of the country. Forty-eight days and night passed in the trenches, exposed to the burning sun during the day, the chilly air of night; subject to a murderous storm of balls, shells and war MISSILES of all kinds; cramped up in pits and holes not large enough

