
exposed to an enfilading artillery fire from the forts, both to the right and left, and suffered from it to a considerable extent, though not so much as some other regiments which seemed less expert in taking advantage of the ground for cover. This position was ordered to retire in safety, bringing off my colors and such of my wounded as had not previously been removed. Most of my dead were also brought off, though in a few cases this was impossible.

My loss in this affair was 24 killed and wounded.

All which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

F. W. MOORE,

Colonel Eighty-THIRD Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant R. CONOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, first Brigade.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Joshua J. Guppery, twenty-THIRD Wisconsin Infantry, including operations to May 22. HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLS. Near Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

SIR; I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battles that have taken place since the army landed in the State of Mississippi:

On May 1 last, the regiment, after marching the entire night preceding, was formed as a part of the reserve in the battle of Port Gibson. In the forenoon, by order of General Burbridge, it supported Foster's Wisconsin battery and Sheldon's brigade, General Osterhaus' DIVISION, in several advances.

In the day it was the brigade and took the advance on the right of the line.

Later in the day it was deployed as skirmishers, drove the enemy from the woods toward Port Gibson, took 20 prisoners, and destroyed a large quantity of small-arms.

On the morning of May 2, the regiment was in line of battle at 2 a. m., and at daylight took the advance toward Port Gibson, having the honor of being the first regiment which entered the city, and which gave the first cheer for our national flag, raised over it by General Burbridge. During the day the regiment did duty as provost guard.

On May 16, the regiment was engaged in the battle of Midway Hill. In the evening five companies were deployed as skirmishers, and afterward two companies were added to them. They did most efficient service in driving the enemy's skirmishers and gaining knowledge of his position. Captains Greene and Bull, who each commanded parties, displayed excellent conduct and judgment, and are entitled to great credit for their skill and bravery. Two companies of the enemy's skirmishers were literally cut to pieces, if the account of prisoners afterward taken may be believed.

In the afternoon the regiment was placed in reserve and did little, except make an advance under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery,

