
ours . If and assault is made again, I shall expect him to open with all his pieces, as he can keep up the fire without danger to his won troops until they come almost up to our works. I have had two or three works thrown up, just in rear of my line, and have had some hope that I would get guns of heavy caliber to place in them. I see but little prospect of getting them. If it is intended to give me any, I beg that it will not be put off until it is too late. The troops I have now are just sufficient to fill the tenches

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber C. MOORE, brigadier-General.

Major CROOM,

Assistant ADJUTANT-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Near Vicksburg.

May 28, 1863.

With our present means, I do not see that anything more can be done to support General Moore than has already been effected. The SEVENTEENTH Louisiana Regiment is now occupying the trenches recently thrown up on either side"Cock House" battery, and two regiments from General Bowen's DIVISION are in reserve, to support either Baldwin's Ferry or Jackson roads. As to the position of the batteries recently erected in rear of the original works, if heavy gun cannot be procured for them, we will have to remove the light huns back to these batteries; besides, the enemy is getting so close, our light guns are about as effective as heavy ones.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumber H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

Headquarters MOORE'S BRIGADE, Forney'S DIVISION.

Vicksburg,

July 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade during the siege of Vicksburg.

The brigade during this time was composed of the SECOND Texas, thirty-FIFTH and Fortieth Mississippi, the Thirty-seventh, fortieth, and Forty-SECOND Alabama, Sengstak's and Tobin's light batteries, in all nineteen guns. AN 18-pounder, a 30 pounder Parrot and a Whitworth gun were placed during the siege in rear of my line, and commanded by Captain J. J. Cowan

On the evening of May 17, we were ordered to fall back from the position we occupied with the brigade and two batteries on the Warrenton road and took position on the trenches near Vicksburg, the right resting on the Jackson railroad and the left extending to near what is known as the Jackson road. We found the trenches and redoubts in very imperfect state, the trenches being too narrow and shallow. By working at night with the small number of tools in our possession, we soon greatly improved them, also constructed approaches which seem to have been overlooked or deemed unnecessary.

On the morning of May 19, the enemy engaged and drove in our pickets. At about 11 a. m. their skirmishers and artillery appeared in front of our intrenchments. From this time to the close of the siege (forty-seven days) our men were confined to the trenches night and day

