
under a fire of musketry and artillery, which was often kept up during the whole night as well as the day. Only those who were a near witness of the siege of Vicksburg will ever have a true conception of the endurance and suffering of these men, who stood at their post until overpowered, not by the enemy, but by the wants of nature. Those who its trials, may perhaps form widely different conceptions of its nature. Some idea may be formed of the artillery fire to which we were exposed when I state that a small party sent out for that purpose collected some two thousand shells near and in rear of the trenches occupied by our brigade. This was soon after the siege began, and was but a portion of those that failed to explode. On arriving in our front, the enemy began at once to place their guns under cover and to construct rifle-pits.

No attempt was made to carry our lines by assault until May 22. On the morning and afternoon of that day, they made determined assaults, but were gloriously repulsed. their greatest efforts were made against that portion of the line occupied by that vertran and gallant regiment, the SECOND Texas. This regiment was only supported by the Forty-SECOND Alabama occupying the trenches on their right, and the Thirty seventh Alabama on the left. Tobin's and other guns did good service . They were easily repulsed in the morning, but in the afternoon charge ; they were more determined, coming us and even into the outer ditch of the Second Texas redoubt. The SECOND Texas captured two stand of colors. Having failed to carry ours works by assault, the enemy now appeared to determine not to attempt it again, but to take us by regular approaches, or by starving us out, which battery they doubtless regarded the most certain and agreeable mode, as they did not assault again, even after they had constructed three lines of intrenchments in front of a great portion of our line, and has sapped to within 30 feet of the SECOND Texas work and constructed rifle-pits to within 30 places of the same.

From May 22 to the close of the siege July 4, the history of each day was generally but that of the preceding. I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men. None ever endured such hardships with more cheerfulness. When plaints might have been heard, not that ; more was not issued, but that we had it not to give. By this time their minds and bodies seemed exhausted, and may remained at their post in the trenches who were fit exhausted, and many remained at their post in the trenches who were fit subjects for the hospitals. Only those who came tired it can tell the effects produced on men by keeping them forty-seven days and nights in a narrow ditch, exposed to the scorching heat during the day and the often chilly air and dews of night.

In compliance with instructions received during the early part of the siege, we used our ammunition with a strict regard to economy. This enabled the enemy to approach more rapidly and with greater impunity then they otherwise could have done. They had two or there times as many guns, as we and generally of much heavier caliber. Many of their shots passed through and through our parapets. Being ver near our works, their sharpshooters and artillery rendered infrequently impossible to fire more than a few rounds, during the day, for if our cannoneers were not shot down or pieces disabled, their artillery soon filled the embrasures with earth, so that the guns could no be used until night engaged us to repair the work.

Our loss in killed and wounded was as follows. Killed 72 wounded,

