
385; total 457. *A number of the wounded have died in hospital and are not included in the killed above reported. List of killed and wounded has been furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber C. MOORE,

Brigadier-General.

Major S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS MOORE'S BRIGADE, Forney'S DIVISION.

Vicksburg,July 2, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have consulted with my regimental commanders as to the condition of their troops to undergo the fatigues of the marches,&amp;c. Necessary to a successful evacuation. There was but one opinion expressed, which coincides with my own. Inclosed you will a statement of that opinion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JNumber C. MOORE,

Brigadier-General, commanding Brigade.

Major CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant General.

MOORE'S BRIGADE,

In the Trenches,

July 2, 1863.

Brigadier General John C. MOORE,

Commanding Moore's Brigade, Forney's DIVISION:

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiry as to the condition to our troops, and their agility to make the marches and undergo the fatigues necessary to accomplish a successful evacuation, we beg leave respectfully to state that we have given the subject the most careful consideration.

In our opinion the physical condition and general health and strength of our men are not such as to enable them to make the marches and undergo the fatigues necessary to accomplish the successful evacuation of Vicksburg. We do not deem it necessary to set forth the caused of this condition of our men further than by a simple allusion to their long confinement and ramped inaction in the trenches, the state of almost incessant alert, night and day, in which the men have been since the commencement of the siege, together with other various fatigues, privation, and exposures to which they, have been unavoidably subjected.

We have the honor to be general, most respectfully. Your obedient servants,

WILLIAM S. BARRLY,.

Colonel, commanding THIRTY-FIFTH MISSISSIPPI Infant.

J. F. DOWDELL,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-seventh Alabama.

W. B. COLBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Fortieth Mississippi.

ASHBEL SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding SECOND Texas Infantry.

JNO. H. HIGLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Fortieth Alabama Regiment.

THOS. C. LANIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Forty-SECOND Regiment Alabama Vols.

---------------

*But see statement appended to Forney's report, p. 369.

---------------

