
Number 87. Report of Colonel Ashel Smith, SECOND Texas Infantry. CITY OF GALVESTON, Tex. July-, 1864.

GENERAL: It has appeared to me proper to address the accompanying copy of my report of the SECOND Texas Infantry in the siege of Vicksburg to yourself directly, not knowing to what officer of your staff it should at this time be directed to insure its reaching you. I have had ough, assistant adjutant-general of Moore's brigade never reached its Salugler, chief of staff of Major-General Magruder, sent copies of my report respectively to Adjutant and Inspector General Cooper, at Richmond, to yourself, and to Brigadier-General Moore. I have respectfully as he may thing proper, and to forward the same to Richmond. I very respectfully ask, general that you will make on the copy herewith sent your indorsement, and to forward it so indorsed to Adjutant and Inspector General. I shall respectfully request General Cooper to have your indorsement and that of General Moore transferred to the copy of the report sent to Richmond, and the same to be there properly filed in the War Department. This course seems to be rendered necessary that my regiment my have its proper status and repute in the War Department.

I am, general, with profound respect, your most obedient servant,

ASHBE SMITH,

Colonel SECOND Regiment Texas Infantry.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,&amp;c.

P. S. -I reported regularly by letter to your inspector-general Colonel Thompson, at Demopolis, ALA. I did not report there with my regiment, ut remained in the Trans Mississippi Department, in obedience to orders from General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, commanding the regiments then in his department belonging as of the Mississippi River to report to his headquarters for orders. I had orders to the same effect from the major-general commanding the District of Texas. Vicksburg, MISS, July 10,. 1863. The SECOND Regiment Texas Volunteer Infantry, recalled from the Tallahatchee, near Fort Pemberton, in the latter part of April, resumed its former camping ground on Vhicksaw bayou 9 miles above Vicksburg and about 2 miles from Yazoo River

On the day of April, the regiment was moved some miles up the Yazoo to the neighborhood of Snyder's Bluff, to meet the enemy, who were ascending the Yazoo in transports and gunboats. The enemy, after a heavy cannonade of our works as Snyder's Bluff for a part of two days, and landing several battalions of infantry-re-embarked the latter and returned down the rive. From the strength and manner of his, attack, it was manifestly a false one, and designed to cover some other movement. This was the movement of his forces by land from his position on the WEST side of the Mississippi River, above Vicksburg.

