
standing up boldly on the banquet, and exposing their persons to the fire on ten times our numbers, my men received the enemy with a most resolute and murderous fire, my cannon belched answer, my men made the air reel with yells and shouts as they saw the earth strewn with the enemy's dead. One of the enemy's regiments staggered and detachment of cannoneers suffered particulary. The enemy still rushed forward boldly, for reaching the foot of our works, they were in security. Such was the profile of the works and the configuration of the adjoining ground in front cached bit reach men on the placid. Such, too, was the outline of our lines, my fort being thrown so far in advance of the General outline, and my rifle-pits on my right receding obtuse an angle, as already stated, that no portion of my front or left was commanded by any other portion of my front of left was commanded by any other portion of our lines; in; a word, I had no flanking arrangements. This secure position of the enemy would cover some few hundred men, and communicated, at not more than 20 paces dismore distant position behind the crests formerly spoken of, the enemy maintained in incessant and fierce storm of Mines, under cover of which he made several very daring attempts to carry the fort, clambering up in force the external slope of the parapet. AS THE ENEMY NOT BE SEEN UNTIL HE SHOULD HAVE MOUNTED THE SUPERIOR SLOPE and BE ready to dash in, I ordered the front rank next to the parapet to maintain the fire, and placed the rear rank on bended knees, with guns loaded and bayonets fixed and at a charge, ready to receive the enemy, alter paces to the rear I placed reserve, lying on the ground, with hush take his recumbent posture, of the central space within the fort was terribly searched by the enemy's Mines through our embrasures. Besides several abortive attempts, there were during this day three notable and most determined moments to see over the top of our works and dash with the bayonet into the fort.

The traversed between the two embrasure were made in part with cotton bags; the embrasures were reveted with cotton bags. Early in the day these cotton bags were displaced and uncovered of dirty ; by the enemy's artillery the Minie balls playing on them incessantly bowed out the cotton as if from the fuel of a gin-stand, and scattered it all over the area of the fort. It was ignited from the muzzles of the enemy's rifles, the air was filled with smoke, and the fire was making its way to the ammunition boxes. The middle of the fort was swept within 2 feet of the ground with Mines. Accordingly, I ordered men, lying flat on the earth, to brush away with their hands the burning cotton, and thus cannons was disabled and knocked out of battery early in the day. The other could not be depressed so as to reach the enemy at the foot of the works. The detachment was so weakened by the dead, wounded, and MISSING, that there were scarcely men enough to serve it. I remained idle for several hours. About 2 o'clock I ordered it bo be run up into battery and fired. As the last remaining corporal raised himself over the trail to aim, a Minie ball, within 15 inches of the platform, passed through his heart and he rolled over dead.

In one of the furious assaults the enemy mounted the parapet to near its superior slope. Numbers of them were pouring a murderous fire through our right, embrasure, amid the smoke of the burning cotton,

