
which enveloped and almost blinded the men in this range of the fort, and they were apparently on the eve of dashing in. I shouted,"Volunteers to clear that embrasure"! four men sprang to the platform Sergeant William T. Spence, of Company B, and Privates E. Bagg charging their guns within 5 paces of the muzzles of the assailants, hurled them back headlong in to the ditch outside. The repulse was decisive. Bagwell fell dead on the platform; Spence fell by his side, shot through the brain. He lingered a few days. TO clear the outside with good effect. After the repeal of this assault, wich was about 3 p. m., there was for an hor or more a great slackening of the enemy's fire. He despaired, as it appeared. Of being able to carry our works by an unsupported assault in front, and ordered an attack to be made inscribed the interval on our left.

Early in the day I had observed our exposed condition on this side, and had asked for support ; form the reserve. It was a now at hand and opportunely, for my numbers were so reduced by killed and wounded that I could ill spare any considerable body form my front. It was no that I could ill spare any considerable body from my front. It was now about 5 p. m. The reserve, some Arkansan and Missouri troops under General Green, hesitated for a moment, and allowed a most gallant lieutenant to get some 20 paces in advance of his company. I ordered instantly Captain J. J. McGinnis' company, which was in the rifle-pits to the right, to march to the left, crossing the forge of the fort,, to their dashed forward, and, after half an hour's sharp fighting, they repulsed the enemy most gallantly. This approach of the enemy's column on the left and the fighting was the signal for the renewal of his attack in front. The firing was very brisk, but the assault was feeble compared with the fierce onslaughts earlier in the day. The day was now drawing slowly and sullenly slackened. It cease with the dark. The enemy returned to their covers in the follows and Valleys.

Our loss in killed and wounded is set forth in detailing the appended statement of casualties. To these should be added the killed and infantry during the first days of the investment and assault, as also of engaged on either side, was enormous. The ground =in our front and along the road, and either side of the road for several hundred yards way to the right, was thickly strewn with their dead. In numbers of instances two and three dead bodies were piled on each other. Along the road or more than 200 yards the bodies lay so thick that ne might have walked the whole distance on them without touching enemy had dug numerous holes in our glacis fro protection against our opened cases. During this night and the following one the enemy were busy in wheeling off their wounded and dead. My men supplied themselves with unfired rifles, we had upward of 200 surplus arms.

On the 25th, there was a truce for burying the Yankee dead which had not been removed. More than 100 dead bodies, bu count, were buried, these, including the 27 buried in the glacis and the much larger number carried off by night, would make the whole number killed in

