
the measure of the penetration of the enemy's 6 -pounder and 12 pounder elongated shot. For better protection, I added about 2 feet to the thickness of the parapet. In general, the enemy's ball and shell thrown into our parapet buried themselves with little or no perceptible displacement of earth, except those striking the superior slope scooped out for themselves a passage, throwing heavy masses and sometimes strew spirited. They urgently requested permission, as far as our inferiority in numbers would enable the, to return shot for shot, and within interest but I daily received orders and admonition to disband my ammunition, for our supply was small. At different times throughout the siege the enemy made abortive attempts to assault our front. His men, with a furious rattle of musketry, would spring to the top of their works, as if urged to dash forward, but the prompt respond of the riles of the SECOND Infantry, always on the alter, nipped their eagerness, and they dropped back. Occasionally, too there were movements on the enemy's lines firing the night, which led to the suspicion that a night attack was contemplated. This apprehension, and the daily increasing-proximity of the enemy's works to our lines,, made it prudent to keep a position of our ; men (sometimes one-half, sometimes one-THIRD) under arms during the night as well as day. All hour men at all times slept on their arms, and, as they were never relieved, ut remained at all times at their post, the fatigue was very. THEY did their duty not only without a murmur, but with gaitery. June about midday, ball followed fall from the enemy cannon with such rapidity and precision that a clear breach of full 3 feet in depth was effected in our parapet near the right salient. their revetment was torn in splinter. It was repaired without delay amid the fire of the enemy's Mines.

The enemy, having completed his parallels, pushed forward three saps against ; the lines occupied bu the SECOND Texas, two of them directed against the fort. Of these, one advanced toward the right salient parallels with the Baldwin's Ferry road, the other advanced toward the left, ascending obliquely the sharp hill regiment force described as bing Large sap-rollers. The sap-rollers were cylinders some 7 or 9 fee long and 4. 1/2 in diameter, and made by roiling a matting woven of wire for the warp and cane for the ; filing around a central core. Six pounder of 12-pounders shot did not materially damage them. Various attempts the right was now within 18 feet of our ditch. Fire-balls of cotton soaked in spirits of turpentine were thrown against ; ; the sap-roller. These fire- balls were drawn into the spa and extinguished. At length the spa-roller. Its explosion, as one of the enemy was pushed within 20 feet of our left. The force of this sap-roller was two cotton bales place end to end. A fuse ; fired form a smooth bore musket ignited one end of the core of cotton. Ain incessant shower of Mines from our works made

