
the enemy's lines, has been raised. What my have been practicable early in the siege and at another point is unknown to me; but at the time it was understood the siege could not be raised; from without the enemy had then constructed in my front, and for 1. 1/2 miles in depth, and tremendous hornet's lest of lines ; and works, bursting with cannon and bayonets and crammed with soldiers. An attempt to cut out might have been successful, it would surely have been attended with a terrific slaughter or our men. In mentioning individuals who distinguished themselves, I fear I may omit some, who deserve to be mentioned. Major Fly was greatly distinguished for his zeal, activity, and fearlessness, adjutant Christian was conspicuous for this watchfulness, zeal and promptness. Placed on our extreme right, captain Christina's watchful attention enabled him to signal movements of the enemy which could not be seen form the fort.

The untitient entry of Captain Debort was worthy of all praise. Captain Grammell and Lieutenant Henry, who fell gallantly at their posts, were models of zealous and active duty. To name all the officer who behaved nobly, and also the enlisted men, would be almost to recite the rolls of the regiment. The exceptions to this commendation are very fine indeed. In this report I have attributed a paramount importance to the position occupied by the Second Infantry Texas, and to their conduct and operations during this memorable siege, it is because they deserve to be prectiation of the importance of this point the Baldwin's Ferry road, by moving the SECOND Texas our of its place inn brigade, after midnight May 17, to man this position. Considering the entire line of defenses of Vicksburg on the land side as divided into tow portions, a right and a left, the fort of the SECOND the point of the right portion of our lines upon which the enemy concentrate his operation and attack after the failure of the general assault of May 22, the defense of the entrance into the city by the Baldwin's Ferry road was the defense of Vicksburg on the right. It appeared to me, as well as I could judge from my position that there was in line manner a similar point of concentrated attack near the entrance of the Macon road on the left. Up to the last moment of the siege the men bore with unrepining cheerful under and, of frequent working parties by nigh and day, the broiling of the midday sun in summer with no shelter, the chilling night des drenched with rain and bivouacking in the mud, together with the discomforts inseparable from their having on change of clothing and an insufficient supply of water for cleanliness, tired, raged, dirty, barefoot, hindry, covered with vermin with a scantly supply of ammunition, almost hand to hand with the enemy and beleaguered on every side, with no prospect and little hope of relief, when I think of their cheerfulness and buoyant courage under these circumstances, the alacrity with which they performed every duty it appears to me no commendation of these soldiers can to be great.

We laid down our arms-want of subsistence and want of ammunition. The laying down of our arms, the surrender of nearly 30,000 men, is a misfortune which words cannot extreme, but it was not a wholly unredeemed disaster. The SECOND Texas Infantry achieved one victory-they utterly destroyed any prestige which the enemy might have

