
DIVISION Headquarters,

Vicksburg,

May 28, 1863.

MAJOR: Since my report of the 27th, the enemy seem to have finished crowning the line of hills in my front with rifle-pits and batteries. The enemy's fire was very brisk from both sharpshooters and artillery during the engagement with the gunboat Cincinnati, but gradually slackened off, and mainly cease at sundown. A 24-pounder siege gun was dismounted during the day by a Parott gun is agin serviceable.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

M. L. SMITH,

Major-Commanding General.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER, assistant Adjutant General.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

June 6, 1863.

Major; Everything was unusually equient on my left during the 5th until evening when the line was held for a time. In front on . Y center, artillery, when the line was held for a time. In front of my center, artillery firing continued during the day and night, the 32-pounder was somewhat damaged, but can probably be repaired during the day. Captain Adaire, field officer of the night, was killed while making his rounds]

On my right there was the usual amount of firing form sharpshooter and artillery, it being kept up from the latter all night. Parties to the enemy working in the vicinity of the stockade were fired upon last night by our men, but it is not thought that they were entirely driven off. A new one-gun battery opened yesterday in front of the center form the opposite ridge.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

M. SMITH,

Major-General.

Majs. Ar. W. Memmimger,

assistant adjutant-general.

DIVISION Headquarters.

June 12, 1863.

MAJOR: There was rather an increase artillery fire on the part of the enemy along my front yesterday and last night, but their works remain about the same. My right, apparently the point of danger, is being daily strengthened. The 24-pounder siege guns on my line near Point Hill are permanently disabled, each having a trummion cracked nearly off, they are kept loaded with grape, and, in case of an assault, will be fired at least once more.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

M. L. SMITH,

Major-Commanding General.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant -General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

