
stockade were sprung last night about 2 o'clock. The explosion took the proper direction, and it is thought the enemy suffered. Our works remain perfect

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. . SMITH,

Major-Commanding, general.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE,

August 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit a brief report of the operations of my DIVISION during the recent siege of Vicksburg.

The line of defense surrounding the city was divided into three commands, corresponding with the army division, one of which was assigned to me, and constituted the left of the line. The left of my DIVISION rested on the river above the city and extended to the right about 1. 1/2 miles, where it touched Major-General Forney's command. The DIVISION consisted of three brigades, general Shoup, commanding the Twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eight Louisiana, on the right, general BALDWIN, commanding the SEVENTEENTH and Thirty first Louisiana, the Fourth and Forty-sixth MISSISSIPPI, occupying the center, general Vaughn, commanding he Sixtieth, sixty-first, sixty-SECOND Tennessee, and Mississippi State troops, under Brigadier-General Haris, together with a detachment of Loring; s command, on the left.

The works occupied by me, and which may be termed my front, were along a narrow ridge, and consisted of a line of rifle-trenches, with points prepared for field artillery. This point was rather strong, although parallel with it, and some 600 yards distant, ran another ridge of the same elevation, and in every respect similar, which was occupied by as sharpshooters, and, when prepared with field works looking in our direction, became itself as difficult to assail as our own line. Many advantages would have resulted rom occupying this parallel ridge, and it was included in the system of defense, but increasing as it did the length of the entire line of defense, was abandoned for want of sufficient force to occupy it.

The enemy made his appearance before the works on my right early in the afternoon of May, 18, and immediately attacked the position with artillery and infantry. They were first met by the Twenty-seventh Louisiana, subsequently by the SEVENTEENTH and Thirty-Louisiana and Forty-Sixth Mississippi, and advance of the line, and held at bay until dark terminated the attack. During the night of the 18th, my troops position from which they were never for an instant dislodged during the entire siege.

On the 19th, the enemy's, main forces arrived, and proceeded at once to make a direct assault on my right. The first effort was directed against the center of Shoup's brigade, but being exposed to a heavy and well directed fire, the enemy broke and filed. Reforming again, a SECOND advance was attempted against my extreme right, and a bold effort made to rush over and into the works. The assaulting column seemed to consist of six or seven regiments, and was formed behind an elevation, concealing it form sight. After coming into view, it moved confidently and determinedly forward. The twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Louisiana,

