
Major A. S. Norwood, 1 captain, and 1 Lieutenant severely wounded. In the Twenty-eight Twenty-ninth,1 lieutenant killed and 3 lieutenants wounded. In the Thirty-first, colonel S. H. Griffin killed.

Circumstances arising out of Lieutenant General Pemberton. orders have prevented my obtaining reports form Brigadier-General Baldwins and Vaughn; thence to continued the enumeration further is impossible at present, and from the same cause my report is probably less complete than if-since my arrival from Vicksburg where I was detained until the 1st instant time and opportunity and been afforded em for hearing from my DIVISION Brigadiers.

Of the following-named officers composing my staff I have to speak in terms of unqualified satisfaction, all did their duty intelligently, fearlessly, promptly and efficiently. Lieutenant Colonel Ivy, chief of artillery, major Devereux, assistant adjutant-general, major Girault, inspector=-general, major T. C. Fearn, DIVISION quartermaster, captain ordnance officer, Lieutenant Frost and Lieutenant Harrod, aides de-camp;, and Captain Hobart, volunteer aide-d-camp. also Surgeon Whitfield, acting DIVISION surgeon. To the brave COLONEL Marks and his gallant regiment Twenty seventh Louisiana belong the distinction of taking the First colors, poisoners, and arms lost by the enemy during the siege. The conduct of the entire DIVISION was most exemplary, and its courage and cheerfulness, increase, if possible, from day to day under the hardships and privations of the siege.

I have the honor, bo be very respectfully, your obedient servant.

M. L. Smith,

Major-General, c. S. Army.

Major R. W. Memminger,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 89. Report of Brigadier General W. E. Baldwin, c. S. ARMY, commanding First Brigade. Headquarters FIRST BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION, Vicksburg July, 10, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor respectfully to report the operations of my command immediately preceding and during the siege of Vicksburg, which terminated on the 4th instant. The brigade consisted of the following regiments, to with. The Seventeenth Louisiana Infantry, colonel Richardson, the Thirty-first Louisiana, lieutenant Colonel GRIFFIN, the Fourth Mississippi Infantry, colonel Sears. To these other troops and artillery were temporarily attached, which will be noticed in their proper sequence.

On Monday, evening, may 4, the brigade had returned from the expedition to Port Gibson, which formed the subject of a previous repot. Next evening, the 5th instant, in compliance with orders form DIVISION headquarters, I moved the command about 5 miles southeast of the city, on the Baldwin's Ferry road. Here we remained until FRIDAY MORNING, the 8th, when I was again directed to move to Dr. Nailor's 10 miles from Vicksburg, on the Warrenton and Halls[Ferry road. The com-

