
Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Friend S. Rutherford, ninety-seventh Illinois Infantry, SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH Regiment ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Champion's Hill, near Edwards Depot, MISS., May 17, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part my command took in the battle commonly known as Champion's Hill:

During the early part of the day little was done save to change position in pursuance of orders, as emergency seemed to demand, part of the time in front and part of the time reserve. near 3 p. m., when the advance was ordered, my command was directed to support the Chicago Mercantile Battery. My regiment was placed in the rear of the battery, on a sloping hill, exposed to the enemy's battery, which fired ricochet shot. The battery was ordered to change its position; but no orders were communicated to me to withdraw, and my command was for three quarters of an hour exposed to the enemy's fire without being able to do the enemy any harm. When our position was made known to General SMITH, we were ordered to withdraw and take a less dangerous position.

Our loss on this occasion was 4 wounded.

Permit me to say, on behalf of my men, that I look upon their conduct under this hail of cannon-shot as a severe test of their bravery. Not a man left the ranks, save the wounded, until by my orders.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. RUTHERFORD,

Colonel, Comdg. Ninety-seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Colonel W. J. LANDRAM,

Comndg. SECOND Brigade, tenth Div., THIRTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 12. Reports of Brigadier General Alvin P. Hovey, u. S. Army, commanding TWELFTH DIVISION, including operations May 2-20. HDQRS. TWELFTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with an order from Major -General McClernand, I herewith send you a report of the action of my DIVISION from the battle of Port Gibson, on the 1st instant, to the date of my arrival at the works before Vicksburg, on the 20th instant.

The night after the battle of Port Gibson we slept upon the field; arrived in the town and bivouacked on the SECOND day, and assisted in building a bridge over Bayou Pierre. We marched for Willow Springs on the 3rd, arriving there the same evening.

On the 6th, encamped at Rocky Springs. On the 7th instant at Big Sandy, where we remained until the 10th, on which day we marched to and encamped upon Five-Mile Creek.

On the 12th, we marched for Fourteen-Mile Creek, on the Edwards Station road. Here my DIVISION, being in front, encountered the enemy's pickets, who were encamped at Edwards Station in considerable force. We had marched from 4 o'clock in the morning over a rugged country,

