
mand was kept all the time in readiness for an immediate movement supplied with two days cooked rations in haversacks, to days' rations in regiments wagons, and two day's supplies in hands of brigade commissary.

On the 11th, I w as directed to send a regiment to picket the crossing of the Big Black at Hamer's Ferry, and sent the Thirty-first Louisiana on this duty. The same night I was ordered by MAJOR-General Stevenson, commanding the right wing of our army, to move to the Vicksburg and Halls' Ferry road, and relieve General Buford, who was directed to move east. The movement was made immediately that night. Lieutenant Hooker, with four pieces form Riddley's battery. Withers's artillery, reported to me for duty. I made my headquarters, near Mr. D. Whitaker's. The Thirty-first Louisiana left on picket, was returned, and the next two days were spent in reconnoitering the ground in my front in the direction of Hall's Ferry, and in making dispositions for defense.

On the 14th, I received a communication form Brigadier-general Tilghman, whose headquarters were at Mr. Hubbards' on the Baldwin's Ferry road, advising me that his command was ordered to Big Black Bridge.

On the 15th, orders were received from Major-General Forney, commanding the directed me in compliance with instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding, to move to mount Alban and, to guard all approaches to Big Black Bridge, particularly from the river, that I should be assigned the command of all troops guarding the Big Black and its approaches, front and rear. Colonel Waul, with this Texas Legion, had reported to me just before the reception of this order. I had directed him to occupy the position just vacated by General Tilghman, but on the receipt of this order I moved at once to Mount Alban, leaving Colonel Waughnt, commanding at Big Black Bridge, advising me that one regiment of his command had been ordered to Edwards Depot. In accordance with previous instruction, I forwarded Lieutenant Hooker, with his four pieces of artillery to report to General Vaughn, and went myself the same night to consult with the latter and ascertain the means of defense at this point. Lieutenant Colonel Brown, twentieth Mississippi, commanding battalion of mounted men, was also directed to repot to me. I ordered him to leave sufficient pickets for observation at Halls][and Hankinson' Ferries, and to report to me with the remainder of his command at Mount Alban. The Fourth MISSISSIPPI was held in readiness to move at a moments notice to support General Vaughn, at the bridge.

On Saturday, the 16 instant, on receiving information From General VAUGHN that the enemy were supposed to be advancing, I forwarded the fourth Mississippi to him, and on the evening of the same day marched with the SEVENTEENTH Louisiana and Forty-sixth Mississippi to Bovina, leaving the Thirty-First Louisiana at Mount Alban. That night rumors leaving the Thirty first Louisiana at Mount Alban. That night rumors came of a disaster to our troops across Big Black Ridge, at Baker's Creek

Early the next morning the 17th, I received verbal directions from the Lieutenant-general commanding to concentrate all of my command at Bovina, including the fourth Mississippi, at the time detached to support General VAUGHN at the bridge. The latter could not be brought off, being, when the orders reached General Vaughn, warmly engaged with the enemy. Before the last order could be entirely executed, I was

