
Burgin's battalion, under command of Brigadier General J. V. Harris, of the State service, also a battalion of stragglers from General LORING's DIVISION, commanded by Major Stevens, were directed to report to me, and were placed temporarily in reserve. During the day the following pieces of light artillery were placed in position on my line. One 30-pounder Parrot, gun, named by a detachment from a Missouri battery his gun smooth bore, served by a detachment from Captain J/P. Lycnhs, company, First Tennessee Artillery; one Whitworth gun, which also burs the first day; one 24-pounder howitzer, two 6-pounder, guns, and two 3 inch rifled guns, served by Wofford's Company a detachment of Gubor's artillery company, the while under the immediate direction of Captain. Wellford as chief as artillery fort being knocked off early in the siege. With the exception named no other damage was done to my artillery during the siege except such as was immediately repaired. In the afternoon of the 19th Tuesday the enemy made two demonstrations upon my line, one upon my left and the other upon my extreme right, both of which were gallantly repulsed by the SEVENTEENTH and Thirty-first Louisiana Regiments. Late in the evening of the same day, Brigadier-General Vaughn, commanding ON THE LEFT, sent word that THE enemy were massing troops opposite his position and desiring reenforcements. I immediately hastened to his support at Missouri regiment of Colonel Cockrell'

s brigade, which was temporarily in return to my command ruing the siege. The same night I removed the Thirty-first Louisiana to my extreme right, holding them three as a reserve, replacing them in the trenches Brigadier-General Harris's command to State troops.

The next morning Wednesday, the 20th, one regiment of State troops was ordered by Major General Smith to the trenches on the river front of the city, the twenty-eight Twenty NINTH Louisiana Colonel Thoms, being directed to report to me in their place. The Seventeenth Louisiana, on my right being too weak to occupy fully the portion of the line assigned to them relieved by the Thirty-first Louisiana, a larger regiment, placing the former in reserve. Nothing of interest occurred during this or the next day. The enemy was busy erecting batteries and placing guns in position on front of our line, keeping up an incessant fire of sharpshooters. Our trench were rapidly completed and strengthened, and traverses erected as positions subject to an enfilading fire were developed.

On Friday evening, the 22nd, a vigorous attack was made on General Shoup's line and my right wich was gallantly repulse with heavy dead. In the early part of this day I was disabled by wound, and compelled to relinquish the command until June 13, when I returned to duty. The command during the interval devolved rifts on Colonel Richardson, seventeenth Louisiana, succeeded, and to his repot, which will accompany, this respectfully refer for details of operations firing my absence.

From this time, with but few exception, the daily operations were very similar. A constant fire of artillery was kept up with considerable

