
On May 20, the Seventeen Louisiana and to mourn the loss of Lieutenant Colonel Rogers, at the time temporarily in command of his regiment. He was a brave able and efficient officer, and a great loss to his command and the service.

On June 27, lieutenant Colonel Griffin, commanding the Thirty-first Louisiana, was killed while watching the operations of the enemy from the trenches. One of the best field officers it has ever been my good fortune to meet, his imperturbable coolness and gallantry on all occasions, his watchful vigilance and sound judgment, untied with more that ordinary ability as a tactician and disciplinarian, rendered his loss irreparable to his regiment and a serous blow to the service.

The next day Lieutenant-Colonel Adaire, commanding the fourth Mississippi, was severely wounded. He displayed during the entire operations the highest qualities of a soldier, and merits especial notice.

Colonel Richardson SEVENTEENTH Louisiana, conduct himself as usual, with great judgment, discretion, and gallantly. For nearly three weeks in command of the brigade during the most critical period, I command him most warmly of the notice of he major-general commanding, who was personally and directly cognizant of his conduct during the time mentioned.

Colonel Sears, forty-sixth MISSISSIPPI, merits favorable notice for his conduct during this trying time. Major afterward Lieutenant Colonel Reddditt and Captain Self, SEVENTEENTH Louisiana, major Draughon and Captain . Brigadier, Thirty-first Louisiana higher rank, to fill vacancies by virtue of seniority; Lieutenant Colonel Easterland and Major Clark, forty-sixth MISSISSIPPI, and Captains Moore, and Nelson, acting field officers of the Fourth MISSISSIPPI, also Captain Wofford, of Witcher's artillery, acting chief of artilery for the brigade, all merit high commendation respective duties. Other officers deserve mention, but not coming so directly under my personal observation, reference is made to reports of regimental commanders. The members of my staff generally deserves to be mentioned favorably J. W. Benoit, assistant adjutant-general, captain S. D. Harris, assistant inspector-general, and Major H. B. Witfield, brigade commissary, had the most arduous duties to perform, which were executed with commendable diligence.

Major A. G. Scott, brigade quartermaster, and Lietu. T. A. Burke, ordnance officer, performed their duties faithfully.

Lieutenant P. Hamilton, aider-de-camp; Cadet Thomas Harrison, acting aide-de-camp, c. A. Withers, j. D. Shute, and J. M. Clark, volunteer aides, were always on the alter to discharge any duty and to encounter any danger.

Reports of regimental commander comprising minor details, with full return of the strength of the command engaged with lists of killed, wounded and missing, will be forwarded so soon as completed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. BALDWIN,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Major J. G. DEVEREUX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

