
lecting supplies in that quarter. Colonel L. D. Marks' regiment Twenty-seventh Louisiana was accordingly ordered to move. I accompanied the regiment. When it arrived at our line of intrenchments, intelligence was brought me that the enemy were upon us. I at once threw forward a strong line of skirmishers to check his advance and to allow us time to occupy the trenches. The skirmishers were engaged before they had advanced 300 yards from our line of rifle-pits. The trenches to the right were partially occupied by General Louis Hebeert's brigade. I sent to ask that those troops be extended to the left to close the interval, which was done. Colonel Marks' regiment rested courier at once to inform the major-general of the position of affairs. This about 1 p. m. My skirmishers maintained their position. The enemy extended his forces to our left. After a time, colonel Winchester Halls' regiment the Twenty- sixth Louisiana arrived, and was the left strikes the principal line. Other troops arrived and extended the line to the left. Colonel. Thomas regiment the Twenty-eight Twenty NINTH Louisiana, of my brigade, was temporarily detached.

Sharpshooting was maintained all along my front till dark. In the night I was advised that it had been determined to abandon the advanced line of the left, and was ordered to withdraw Colonel Hall

's regiment as soon as the troops of that line had fallen back, which was accomplished quietly at dawn. I caused Colonel Marks' regiment to close to the right, to make the line more complete, and placed Colonel Halls regiment on its left. The latter regiment found its position almost without intrenchments. Few tools could be had, but in a surprisingly short time a very tolerable cover was constructed. At daylight the enemy had taken possession of the heights abandoned a few hours before by our troops, from which position he soon opened upon us with artillery. By 10 a. m. he had placed his batteries in our front, as well as to the right and left of my position, the line ; making a very decided salient. The fire from artillery and sharpshooters soon became very heavy. We made little reply, waiting for further developments.

About 1 p. m. the enemy debouched in force from a gorge in front of the center of my position. We opened on him. He broke and fled to the cover of the hills. After time he reappeared in greater force farther to the right, in front of redan occupied by Colonel Marks' regiment. Our fire staggered him, but the fragments of several regiments succeeded in gaining the cover of a ridge in front of the redan. Here he remained some time almost wholly free from our fire. He finally made a rush with the intention of carrying our line,, but was met by a terrific fire in front and flank, and fled in utter confusion, leaving many dead. Colonel front and flank, and fled in utter confusion, leaving many dead. Colonel A. C. Filly, first Missouri Volunteers, in response to request, moved promptly to support the point attacked, and arrived in time to render valuable assistance. The enemy continued a terrific firn this attack the enemy lost several prisoners, a stand of colors, and many stand of arms. Our loss was heavy.

Colonel Hall, twenty-sixth Louisiana, was severely wounded while in the gallant discharge of his duty. Captain Louis Florence, a volunteer aide for the occasion, was killed early in the action, he had borne himself with great bravery. Several other officer were killed and wounded.

