
10 paces of ditch. We are using hand-grenades on working parties Completed our-rifle-pits on the left between next stockade and our works. Since 12 m. Artillery firing has been very heavy.

June 17. -No change since yesterday. Two men deserted from the Twenty-Sixth Louisiana last night. The Twenty-seventh Louisiana has returned to its position. We are speaking terms with the enemy at the redan. The picket parties at that point agree upon short truces, during which neither party is to fire. Notes are thrown across from one party to another. Some trading going on in coffee,&amp;C. Have forbidden communications, but after sundown the firing ceases and there is a good deal of talk going on between the enemy and our own people, but principally in the brigades to my right and left. I permit it only in the presence of the officer of the day. Brother, relations, and friends are constantly inquiring after each other.

June 19. -Day passed as usual yesterday. The enemy has constructed two embrasures on the left of my line, probably to attempt to cut down the stockade at that point. The stockade between the redan and lunette is perfectly riddled, but is still about as good as ever, it is of poplar timber. The enemy's seems to take delight in firing at it. He is running a double sap up the ridge on the left, but he can accomplish nothing with it that point is secure.

June 20. -Furious cannonading began at daylight and continued a good part of the day. Enemy was at work again in front of redan. Thing he is constructing a parallel on each flank for his sap. There are no indications that he is yet running galleries. He seems not to have worked all night.

June 21. Enemy broke new ground last night in front of lunette, is using gabions has secured cover within 60 yards of works. He could reach this position in spite of us, think he only wants ever for sharpshooters. Urge the importance of light-balls if light balls proper cannot be had, some substitute can. Ask for more hand-grenades, find that they work excellently well. Lieutenant-Colonel McLaurin, twenty-seventh Louisiana, morally wounded, he was an excellent and gallant officer.

Major 22. -Major W. W. Martin, twenty-sixth Louisiana, was killed instantly by sharpshooters. He was one of the most gallant and excellent young officers of the command. His loss is a most serious one. Everything much as usual.

June 23. -We are constructing galleris from several points in the ditch of redan against the enemy's works. Cannot hear him at work yet. Major A. S. Norwood, twenty-seventh Louisiana, wounded. The Twenty-seventh Louisiana in now without a field officer, and has but one captain for duty. My entire command is sadly reduced in officer.

June 24. -Comparatively quiet. Raied during the night. Think the enemy is making galleris. An attempt was made to spring our mines, failed. The train was laid in gas-pipes, will not communicate. Find failed. The train was laid in gas-pipes. Will not communicate. Find by experiment that powder, when confined in a long tube, when ignited, will burst the tube a few feet from the end, and will not burn farther.

June 26. -Everything much as usual continuous firing.

June 27. -Our mines at the redan were sprung last night with success. The wire under changed mines. No damage done to the counterscarp of ditch. It is still perfect. Must have done the enemy much harm.

June 28. -Enemy fired upon and drove in our working parties which were attempting to construct a picket on the outside of lunette. No

