
with little or no water, and our only hope was to force the enemy back beyond Fourteen-Mile Creek. A sharp skirmish ensued, and we drove the enemy back and encamped on both sides of the creek for the night. Our men enjoyed both the skirmish and the water.

On the 13th, I received orders to cover the flank and rear of the Thirteenth Army Corps in its march Jackson. The enemy lay in strong force near the line of our march, and there was danger of an attack, as we marched by the flank short distance from their encampment. The NINTH, Tenth, and Fourteenth DIVISIONS, of the Thirteenth Army-Corps, had just passed, and when in the act of moving my DIVISION my pickets were again attacked by what seemed to be a strong picket guard. I ordered Colonel Slack, commanding SECOND Brigade, to bring back the Forty-seventh Indiana, twenty-eighth Iowa, and FIFTY-sixth Ohio, and force the enemy back. Another brisk skirmish ensued, the enemy fleeing before the Twenty-eight Iowa, the FIFTY-sixth and Forty-seventh being held in reserve, faced to the flanks of the Twenty-eighth, to meet any emergency. In the mean time I had ordered my DIVISION forward, so as not to have my column delayed in its march on Jackson. Our losses in these skirmishes were 4 slightly wounded.

On the same night we encamped beyond Fourteen-Mile Creek, at Dillon's Cross-Roads, on the field of a conflict a few days previous by forces under the command of Major General Sherman.

On the 14th, we marched through Raymond in a severe storm, the roads in places having to be drained by the labor of my pioneers before our wagons could pass, and encamped near a creek about 4 miles distant from Clinton.

Learning at Raymond that Jackson had fallen and was in possession of our forces, our direction was again changed toward Vicksburg, and on the 15th we marched to a point near Bolton Station, and encamped for the night.

On the 16th, my DIVISION moved in the direction of Midway, or Champion's Hill, on the extreme right of the corps, general Osterhaus' Carr's, and SMITH's DIVISIONS moving in the same direction, on other roads still farther to the south and left. My route lay on the Clinton and Vicksburg road, nearest to and on the south of the railroad.

During the morning I had thrown forward a part of my escort, under First Lieutenant James L. Carey, first Indiana Cavalry, to make reconnaissances in front of the advance guard and skirmishers of General McGinnis' brigade.

On arriving near Champion's Hill, about 10 a. m., he discovered the enemy posted on the crest of the hill, with a battery of four guns in the woods near the road, and on the highest point for many miles around. At the time I was marching between the First and SECOND Brigades, so as to be ready for an attack on either flank. I immediately rode forward and ordered General McGinnis to form his brigade in two lines, three regiments being in the advance and two in the reserve. Before my arrival, general McGinnis had formed his three advanced regiments in line of battle, and had thrown out skirmishers in the front and flank of his command.

The SECOND Brigade, colonel James R. Slack commanding, was immediately formed on the left of the First Brigade, two regiments in advance and two in reserve. Skirmishers were at once sent forward, covering my entire front, and had advanced to within sight of the. They were directed not to bring on the action until we were entirely ready.

At this point I attempted to communicate with Brigadier-General

