
change observable in the enemy's doings. Colonel L. D. Marks, twenty seventh Louisiana, morally wounded., he was a gallant officer.

June 29. -Enemy seems to change his point of attack. Is at work in front of stockade, between redan and luntee . The declivity is so great that we can do him little harm. Are using hand-grenades on him.

June 30. -Enemy discovered to be approaching rifle-pits in front of stockade on the right with sap.

July 1. -Enemy drove in our pickets in front of stockade last nighty, wounding 2 men. Enemy is erecting a gabionade in front of redan. Amounts no nothing.

July 2. -Enemy advancing his sap in front of stockade. Protects himself from hand-grenades by covering his track with rails, thus making a short of gallery. We are running a gallery from our trenches to blow in the enemy works.

July 3. -A truce to-day. We can now see more clearly what the enemy is about. He has abandoned work in front of redan. He is running a gallery, with the intention of lowing up the stockade between lunette and redan. Is hard at work to-day. We follow is example. The question is, which shall explode first. A sad accident occurred last night. Lieutenant McMahon, engineer, was mortally wounded by the carelessness of our own men. Lieutenant McMahon had done most excellent service, and his loss in greatly bo be deplored.

July 4. -Capitulation ordered. At 10 a. m. We moved out of our trenches by battalion, stacked arms, and then returned to our old quarters in town. The men were full of indignation. Thought they have had very scant fare, and had been exposed to a merciless and almost continuos fire, remaining at their post in the trenches without relief, I have rarely heard a murmur or complaint. The tone has always been This is pretty hard, but we can stand it. Too much praise cannot be given to officers and men.

Detachments from the following batteries were posted on my line, viz: J. Q. Wall's William E. Dawson's W. T. WITHERS' W. N. Hogg's and Francis McNally's. Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Crow, twenty-sixth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, bore himself with marked gallantry throughout the siege. He was the only field officer remaining in his regiment. Colonel Allen Thomas, twenty-eight Twenty-ninth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, was constantly at his post. He was vigilant and energetic. The Twenty-seventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers had no field. Two were killed and the THIRD severely wounded. Captain Robertson, Campbell, foster, hatch, Lewis, Norwood, and in fact, the entire regiments deserve the highest commendations. My thanks are due to the following officers, who rendered me excellent assistance as staff officer, captain B. L. Moore, acting assistant adjutant-general, lieutenant Louis Guion, acting inspector-general, captain G. W. Clarke, acting ordnance officer. Captain James. C. Wiggs, acting inspector of artillery. Mr. Eugene, hill, volunteer aide, and Dr. Foster, volunteer surgeon.

I have the honor, to be very respectfully your obedient servant,

F. A. SHOUP,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. G. DEVEREUX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

