
three to re-enforce General Forney. One of these regiments the Sixth was assigned to a position in the trenches, which had become intolerable on a count of dead animals near by and the filth o the troops who formerly occupied it. I sent a letter or remonstrance to General Forney asking that the troops who formerly occupied the position be made to police it, which he declined. Is it not sufficient that when a general finds a weak point or enfiladed trench that the withdraws his regiments clean up the filth they leave behind them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber S. BOWEN.

Brigadier-General, commanding DIVISION.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg,

June 5, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith General Green's report from scouts of his brigade. I have also the honor to report that the two regiments who went to General Cumming's support found that the had nearly two regiments in reserve already. The distance to General Cummin's from Cockrell's position is about 1 mile, requiring about twenty minutes to reach him.

Respectfully,

JNumber S. BOWEN,

BRIGADIER-GENERAL,

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE Mississippi,Vicksburg,

June 6, 1863.

MAJOR: General Green reports no change on his front. The enemy endeavored to dig a trench nearer our lines, but were prevented by sharpshooters. He lost 3 killed and 09 wounded in the last twenty- four hours. He reports that he is baldy in want of some pickets. Please inform me if the necessity still exists of retaining Colonel Cockrells' two regiments in rear of General CUMMING.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JNumber S. BOWEN,

Brigadier-GENERAL, commanding DIVISION.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE Mississippi,Vicksburg,

June 26, 1863.

SIR: The inclosed note explains itself. No report has been forwarder from this DIVISION, because none could be obtained from the First Brigade. We are in a different position from any other command

---------------

*See of June 5, number 93, p. 419.

+Not found.

---------------

