
here. Our men are constantly moving from place to place, and some regiments are now on the extreme right, some in the center, and several engaged yesterday and last night. Under these circumstances it was impossible to obtain a morning report. I send that of the SECOND Brigade, forwarded yesterday. I will send the other when I can get it. I can hardly be expected from troops fighting in the breach.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber S. BOWEN.

Major-General, commanding DIVISION.

Major MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg,

June 26, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the First and SECOND Missouri Regiments are on the Warrenton road, in rear of Barton's brigade, the FIFTH and Sixth at the breach on the Jackson road, and the THIRD with Shoup at the redan on the Graveyard road. Colonel E. Erwin, of the Sixth, was killed last night, defending the breach. Cockrell is now present at that point, by my order, as I feared Erwin's loss one of our brave officers might dispirit his men.

Respectfully,

JNumber S. BOWEN,

Major-General.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Vicksburg, MISS,

June 27, 1863.

Major: THe sad duty devolves upon me of announcing the death of Brigadier General Martin E. Green, commanding the SECOND Brigade of this DIVISION. General Green was shot through the head while examining the position of the enemy in front of his trenches at about 9. 30 this morning. Devoted to our cause, without fear or reproach, hill loss will be deeply felts by his entire command.

Very respectfully,

JNumber S. BOWEN.

Major-General.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER.

Vicksburg, MISS,

July 2, 1863.

Major: Our position on the Jackson road is fast becoming more dangerous. THE enemy have a Cohorn mortar and our exact range. They fire shell with heavy bursting charges, and our men are killed and pound with fearful rapidity. Lieutenant Colonel Sentey, commanding COCKRELL's regiment was killed this morning. No better or braver field officer is or ever has been in our army. Many subalterns, conspicuous for their gallantry, have also been killed or wounded.

I would urge that every howitzer that an be brought to the vicinity be placed in position, and fired at its greatest elevation with quarter.

