
This brigade, with General Shoup' brave Louisianians had the honor of receiving the first assault of the enemy and repulsing them -suffering, too, the dangers, incident to such clash in arms, losing 8 killed and 62 wounded in this engagement.

The brave and gallant William F. Luckett, ordnance sergeant SECOND Missouri Infantry, acting with me as aide, while bringing us ammunition, was mortally wounded and afterward died.

The brigade remained near this line up to the 22nd instant. On this day, about 2 p. m. the enemy, preparatory to a charge, moved his whole force as near our lines as could be done, and then made a most desperate and protracted effort to carry our lines by assault. This assault was preceded by a most furious fire form the enemy's numerous batteries, of shell, grape and canister. The air was literally burdened with hissing missiles of death. During the terrific clash of arms, the FIFTH Missouri Infantry occupied a line of the right of the THIRD-sixth Mississippi Regiment, in Hebert'

s brigade, the THIRD Missouri occupied the stockade and the redan to its right, five companies of the Second Missouri occupied the stockade and the redan to its right, five companies of the SECOND Missouri Infantry, and the other five companies in reserved; sox companies of First Missouri Infantry were places in the trenches with the Thirty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, and one company occupied the redan to the right of the Thirty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, and the remaining there companies were moved from point to point, and the Sixth Missouri Infantry was sent to re enforce Brigadier-General Moore's line, and the General Hebett, line north of the Jackson road. Nobly did the officers and soldiers of this brigade greet every assault of the enemy with defiant shouts and a deliberately aimed fire, and herded them back in disorder. The enemy gained the ditch around the redan to the right to the stockade and occupied it for some time. Colonel Guae, of the THIRD Missouri Infantry, procured some fuse-shell, and using them as hand-grenades, threw them into the ditch, where they exploded, killing wand wounding some 22 of the enemy.

This day the brigade lost 28 killed and 95 wounded, the Third Missouri suffering fearfully, losing 12 killed and 52 wounded, having been exposed during the assault to an enfilading and rear fire in the redan, against which there was then to protection of defense.

From this day until June 25, this brigade was held in reserve and ordered from point to point of our whole line, accordingly as different points of the line were threatened or became endangered by the near approach of the enemy. Sometimes of the extreme left, then on the extreme right, and then in the center, working day or night, as circumstances required to strengthen, our defense,, having some men killed our wounded daily.

On June 26, the Sixth Missouri Infantry, colonel Eugene Erwin, was in reserve in rear of the THIRD Louisiana Infantry, colonel Eugene ERWIN, was in reserve in rear of the THIRD Louisiana Infantry, which occupied the redan north of the Jackson road. About 4 p. m. this day the enemy exploded a mine;, blowing up the outer portion of this redan, and immediate soon as the explosion occurred, arched to this point. The enemy occupied the outer slope of this work, and Colonel Erwin and the THIRD Louisiana and Infantry occupied a inner corps-work a 25 feet from the enemy, to carry this redan, but every effort of the enemy was successfully repulsed.

In this struggle, colonel Eugene Erwin, of the Sixth Missouri Infantry, a most fearless, prudent, and meritorious officer, was pierced by two balls

