
and poured out the crimsoned treasures of his heart on his country altar, and now, among the lifeless defenders of Vicksburg, fills a patriot soldier's gave.

This day the Sixth Missouri Infantry lost 3 killed and 26 wounded.

On the night of the 25th instant, the FIFTH Missouri Infantry, colonel, McCown, was ordered to this point, and the SECOND MISSOURI on the night of the 26th instant.

On the evening of the 26th, instant, having procured a number of 6 and 12 pound shell, to be used as hand=-grenades, I caused them to be thrown into the midst of the enemy, and thus drove them from their position and reoccupied the entire redan.

When the enemy made the assault on the 25th instant, they threw a large number of hand-grenades into our line, doing much injury .

On the evening of July, 1 the enemy exploded a mine, charged with at least 2,000 pounds of powder, the crater making a fearful breach through a portion of the redan, burying Lieutenant John Crenshaw and killing Lieutenant Roseberry and several privates of the Sixth Missouri Infantry, some of whom were blown high up into the working a counter-mine, were also killed. A large number of the Sixth Missouri Infantry were blown up and thrown over the brow of the hill and quite a number severely wounded. Simultaneously with the explosion, the enemy opened a terrific fire at short range from two 8-inch columbiads, two 30-pounder Parrot guns, and one 12-pounder howitzer, and a mortar throwing 12-pounder guns, ad one 12-pounder howitzer and a mortar throwing 12-pounder shell (after ascertained to be a wooden mortar), concentrating their whole fire on this one point. This throwing shells heavily charged with powder. The force of this terrific explosion threw the officers and men of the Sixth Missouri Infantry and a portion of the THIRD Louisiana Infantry back from the works over the brow of the hill, knocking off their hats and their guns out of their hands, bruising and wounding quite a number, but notwithstanding this, these gallant soldiers rallied, seized the nearest gun, and rushed back to the works. The veterans of the THIRD Louisiana Infantry raised a cheer, which was quickly taken up by our troops. Immediately after the explosion, I ordered up the SECOND MISSOURI Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Sewnteny, to this point, and about 6 p. m. relieved the Sixtieth Missouri Infantry, with the SECOND Missouri., the fire from the enemy's batteries was kept up till after dark, and from the mortar during the entire night.

This day the Sixth MISSOURI Infantry lost 8 killed and 48 wounded, and the SECOND MISSOURI Infantry lost 3 killed and 35 wounded, many severely who afterward died.

Among the killed of to-day is numbered one of the best officers in the Missouri army Lieutenant Colonel Pembroke S. Senteny, of the SECOND Missouri Infantry, brave cool, and generous a model soldier and officer, and also Lieutenants Crenshaw and Roseberry, of the Sixth Missouri Infantry.

On this evening the First Missouri was moved to this point, and these four regiments the First SECOND FIFTH, and Sixth Missouri Infantry-relieved each other every six or twelve hours thereafter. The First Missouri Infantry occupied this perilous point during the day of the 2nd instant, and late that evening was moved to re-enforce General Barton's line, on the extreme right.

On the morning of the 3rd instant, the firing cease pending negotiations for the capitulation of the garrison, which took place on the morn-

