
ing of the 4th instant. Not having guns enough for the artillerymen of this brigade during the siege, they were placed in charge of guns at different points of the line, and all did good service.

During the siege of Vicksburg this brigade lost heavily in killed and wounded, as will appear by the following.

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Total

1st Missouri	 18	 70	 88

2nd Missouri	 17	 89	 106

3rd Missouri	 18	 83	 101

5th Missouri	 20	 52	 72

6th Missouri	 33	 133	 166

Landis' battery	 4	 6	 10

Wade battery	 2	 9	 11

Guibor's battery	 1	 4	 5

Total	 113	 446	 559

This is a loss in killed and wounded of over one-THIRD of the whole brigade, and shows that this brigade was almost continual, y during the entire siege exposed to the enemy's fire, and at no time during this eventful siege did these troops ever waver of fail to go to or occupy and point, regardless of its exposure, and frequently had to and did occupy points on the line so exposed that other troops, although on the own line, would give them up for these troops to occupy. They endured all the danger, fatigues, exposures, and the weakness consequent on the insufficient rations, with a most commendable cheerfulness and soldierly bearing, willing to endure all things for the safety of the garrison, and desirous of holding our and fighting as long as thee was a cartridge of a ration of mule or horse, and when the garrison capitulated they left, and were disarmed, to in no wise whipped, conquered, or subjugates. I cannot commend too highly the field, staff, and line officers of this brigade for their cool daring and judicious bearing in the faithful discharge of their whole duty, regardless of personal safety and comrade, in remaining with their respective commands. Colonel A. C. Riley, and Lieutenant Colonel Garland, first Missouri Infantry, lieutenant Infantry Major McDowell, of the THIRD Missouri, colonel James McCown, and Major O. W. Waddell, of the FIFTH Missouri Infantry officer, with few exceptions, remained constantly with their commands, and with their men suffered hardships, exposures, and dangers, but the private soldiers justly won and should receive the fullest meed of praise.

To Cap. R. L. Maupin, acting as my aide, I am under special obligations for the invaluable services rendered me during this entire siege the very bravest of the brave, cool, prudent, and discreet. as braver of better soldier never bared his bosom or raised his arm in defense of constitution liberty. He justly merits the gratitude of his county.

I have the honor, major, to be most respectfully your obedient servant,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Colonel, commgade, Missouri Volunteers.

Major R. W. MEMMIMGER,

Assistant Adjutant General to Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton.

27 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

