
Number 93. Reports of Brigadier General Martin E. Green, C. S. Army, commanding SECOND Brigade. Headquarters SECOND BRIGADE, May 30, 1863-2 o'clock.

CAPTAIN: I have made a full reconnaissance of this position above my command, where the Seventh Louisiana was stationed last night. There in none to-day.

If it is necessary to protect this line, there should be some troops sent here. My command is scattered very ; thin, and does not cover the ground necessary to covered next to General Vaughn's brigade at the curve. There should be a regiment permanently stationed, if the river line should be abandoned. The enemy can take those upper guns, under the present arrangement, whenever they desire it.

I am, sir,&amp;c.,

M. E. GREEN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. R. HUTCHINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters SECOND BRIGADE,

June 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Two of my scouts have returned. They report nothing of great importance. As far as they went along the lines, which was as far as the Baldwin's Ferry road, their the enemy's reserve was very Light, their whole force in front that could be seen by him was not as strong as our lines.

He was told by Federals that they had another camp back on the next creed, but the was not able get sight of it. They have not got near the artillery, in front that we had imagined. They have a great many places fixed for guns, but no guns in them. Everything according to his opinion, looked as though part of the army had left. I sent one out last night that I thing will make some discoveries before he returns. If the does, not get taken, he intends staying until he ascertains certain what is going on. There is one out yet that went out last night.

In our front they are still working on their intrenchments. We had 2 men killed and 3 wounded yesterday. Our works are in a better condition that they were when we came here. They still need work. We are not able to get tools sufficient to work with so as to get them completed.

I am very, respectfully,&c.,

M. E. GREEN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain HUTCHINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

