
Number 94. Report of Colonel Thomas P. Dockrey, nineteenth ARKANSANS Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. Headquarters SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, Demopolis, ALA. July 29, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding, I submit the following as the report of the part taken by this brigade in the defense of Vicksburg.

About sunset of the evening of May 17, the remnant of the brigade the most of I having been captured at Big Black Bridge reached the city, and went into camp near the cemetery.

On the evening of the 18th, it was ordered to take position in rear of Brigadier-General Moore, near the oarsmen. And act as reserve, and marched to the support of different points on the line without doing buttered to strengthen the lines of Brigadier-General Moore. While on they way to General Moore's line a courier from Brigadier-General Lee to General Green reported that General Lee's line had bee broken by the enemy. The brigade was moved at a double quick to the support of General Lee. When near the line of General Lee, his men rallied and drove the enemy from their works, at least, when we his works, yet there was a considerable force in a ditch or ravine under General Lee's works. I was ordered by General Green to take the First Arkansas Battalion Sharpshooters to open on the enemy in the ditch,, which I did, and with such effect as to soon drive them from their hiding place. At 1 p. m. I joined the rest of the brigade, which had gone to the support of General Moore's lines, on the Baldwin; 's Ferry road. Here the Nineteenth and Twentieth Infantry, the enemy occupying a position in the ditch and a ravine in front of the fort. About 4,30 p. m. the First and THIRD Missouri Cavalry, joined by the First Arkansas Cavalry all dismounted, sallied from the fort, and after a short but desperate fight, drove the enemy from the position with heavy loss.

On the next day the brigade moved back to its bivouac, near the when it was ordered to take position in the trenches fronting the river below the city, and on the 29th was ordered to take position in front and above the city, to support the heavy batteries and be ready to meet any attempt to storm the city.

The brigade occupied this position until the evening of June 2, when in was ordered to move out to the works in the rear of the city, and occupy permanently a gap between the divisions of Major-Generals Smith and Forney. This was one of the most exposed positions on the line, the enemy's guns enfilading the works form right to left, and guns of heavy caliber played upon the enemy's works from right to left, and guns of heavy number of intrenching tools on the line, it took all night to repair the damage done to the works during the day.

Too much praise cannot be accorded to the officers and men for the untiring energy and perseverance displayed by them in constructing and strengthening the works.

On the 26th, the enemy commenced digging an approach in front of the fort on my brigade. General Green having been wounded on the day before, he was on this day unable to visit the fortifications and watch the movement of the enemy.

