
On the morning of the 27th, he was in the ditches, as was his custom, reconnoitering the positions of the enemy along his front, and while looking over the parapet in front of the sap of the enemy, which was only about 60 yards distant, he was shot through the head by a sharpshooter and almost instantly killed. Here permit me to lay my noble tribute on his tomb. Missouri has lost another of their bravest champions the South one of its ablest defenders. It was any fortune to be intimately associated with him; knees him well. He joined the army as a private soldier when the tocsin of war first sent its notes throughout the West. He reserved his county long and faithfully. His soldiers regarded him with that reverence due a father, and many a tear was shed at his fall. He was a true patriot and a gallant officer, and a true Christian, divested of everything like a thirst for military fame. He acted solely from a sense of duty and right and a pure love of country, and thus inseparably entwined himself not only around the hearts of his troops, but of all who knew him.

The command devolving upon me, I at once commenced countermines to that of the enemy one of which was sprung on the night of little damage to the enemy.

A fog of truce having passed out of the lines at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd, there was a suspension of hostilities, which continued until the surrender of the forces at 10 a. m. on the 4th, in obedience to the order of the lieutenant-general commanding. The troops up to the time of the surrender, were cheerful and confident of success.

Our loss was very heavy in killed and wounded ruing the siege. Correct lists of the casualties will be forwarded as soon as they can be made out.

May thanks are specially due to Captain W. B. Pitman, assistant inspector-general, captain H. M. Pollard, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Thomas B. Green, aide-de-campt on the staff of General Green, for the faithful and gallant discharge of the duties devoting upon the during the siege, especially after the fall of General Green. It has been my pleasure to witness the conduct of these officers on the battle-field, and it is with pleasure that I bear testimony as to their coolness and pre-eminent gallantry, untiring energy, and perseverance. I earnestly recommend them to the favorable consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding.

The thanks of the country are due to Captains J. H. Neal and J. W. Barclay, and Lieutenant Harris Wilkerson, of First Missouri Cavalry, for the distinguished service rendered by them in making numerous sorties out to the enemy's front, examining the approach and mines, and giving much valuable information.

I would also recommend to the favorable notice of the Lieutenant-general commanding Sergeant William A. Fisher of Lowe's battery, Missouri Light Artillery, who commanded a gun within 300 yards of the enemy's battery, using it with telling effect, tearing down their earthworks and knocking our of position their gabion or sap-rollers. Frequently the enemy would open a entire battery and line of skirmishers upon the gun, sometimes almost leveling the parapets, yet the men stood by their gun, replying with good effect, and at night, without any assistance form the infantry, would repair the damage done to their woks during they day.

I have the honor, to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TOM. P. DOCKERY,

Colonel, commanding SECOND Brigade.

Major [R. W.] MEMMINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deft. of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

