
their command, for the successful accomplishment of their mission in burning the gunboat Cincinnati last night, and, as a tribute to their gallantry, he has great pleasure in presenting them with the flag captured on the occasion.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. McCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EAST LOUISIANA,Vicksburg,

May 31, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREEN,

Commanding &amp;C.,

GENERAL: The Lieutenant-general directs me to say that he cheerfully accedes to your request and has presented the flag captured on the gunboat Cincinnati last night to he gallant captor. The necessary instructions have been issued through Brigadier-General Bowen, commanding your DIVISION.

In reference to contemplated expedition below, the Lieutenant-general instructs me to say that he will decide upon if after he has seen Lieutenant Wilkerson.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

W. H. McCARDLE,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 96. Report of Surg. Benjamin D. Lay, C. S. Army. CITY HOSPITAL, June 10, 1863.

SIR: It becomes my painful duty to inform the lieutenant-general commanding that, at 1. 45 a. m. this morning, one of the enemy's shells from their mortars penetrated my main building, and, descending to the floor, blew up ; the surgeons' room and the officer above, destroying the entire stock of drugs, except some morphine and quinine, and breaking the left of Surgeon Breets so baldy as to require instant amputation. It also blew three rooms into, one besides the damage to the roof and floors.

In notifying the general of this casualty, it is proper to inform him that a removal of the hospital would cause more deaths than the enemy's shells, even could we find a safer place. Or one where the patient could be provided for as, we have not less than 75 whom to would be dangerous to remove, and about 20 to whom it would be almost certain death.

We will require an entire outfit of drugs, and the use of a carpenter and brick mason for a couple of days.

I am, major, very respectfully,

BENJ. D. LAY,

Surgeon-in charge city hospital, Vicksburg.

Major Memminger,

Assistant Adjutant General.

