
MAY 20, 1863. -Skirmish at Collierville, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Colonel John M. Loomis, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.

Number 2. -Colonel R. McCulloch, SECOND Missouri cavalry (Confederate.)

Number 1. Report of Colonel John M. Loomis, twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding Brigade. COLLIERVILLE, May 21, 1863.

SIR: The attack of yesterday evening was made on picket post Nos 4 and 5, directly in our front, in there columns, by different roads, and of larger forces than I supposed last night. Cavalry and infantry supports arrived at the line before the enemy were our of sight of the next post, but, as they scattered in the woods, our cavalry did not overtake hem. Neither post was surprised. The guard fought, well, and held their posts too long to be abel to restrike, by being surrounded. My force at these two posts was 15 men and 2 non-commissioned officers, my loss was 1 killed and 9 MISSING. The balance did not come on, but held the vicinity of their post until they were re-enforce. I am not aware of the damage to the enemy, through some is reported. I can attach no blame to the officers or men of the guard. All were at post, and in proper order. They discovered the enemy at once, and made such disposition as the officer in charge thought best, duration of attack probably not fifteen minutes. The guard fired an average of three rounds.

The Lieutenant in charge of the left wing of the picket guard who spends the whole four of the guards on its line, was at post Number 3, and saw the affair, and speaks in praise of the conduct of the men, as do the citizen who saw the fight.

JOHN MASON LOOMIS,

Colonel, commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 2. Report of Colonel R. McCulloch, SECOND Missouri Cavalry (Confederate). SENATOBIA, MISS, May 21, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy advanced yesterday from Collierville, 1,000 strong, to Coldwater, returned in the evening. Captain White and Couzens sent lieutenant Jennings with 10 men as far as Collierville, Here the lieutenant killed 2 and captured 10 Federal prisoners. Arrived Here this evening.

R. McCulloch

General [J. R.] CHALMERS.

