
MAY 20-23. -Expedition to Yazoo City, MISS., and skirmish (23rd) at Liverpool Landing.

Reports of Colonel Wirt Adams, Mississippi Cavalry.

NEAR LIVERPOOL,

May 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I marched my command on yesterday as rapidly as the exhausted condition of the artillery horses would permit, crossed the river, and by dark reached a point 4 miles distant from Liverpool. Resuming the march this morning at 5 a. m., I hastened on to Liverpool, and posted my battery near the river bank and my cavalry dismounted within a few minutes after taking position three transports and two large gunboats appeared. The battery at once engaged them as they came within range, and as they passed my dismounted men poured a rapid and effective fire through the port-holes of the gunboats and all openings of the transports, driving the enemy from his guns. Taking position below the town, he opened a brisk fire of shell, grape, and cannister, with but little injury to my command, I am pleased to say. The fleet, after an hour's delay, resumed its course down the river, and has passed Satartia. The transports are boarded up on the sides and covered with thin iron plates, loopholed for small-arms, and armed with six field pieces each. My impression is the fleet has gone down for re-enforcements. The force left in Yazoo City is estimated by my scouts, who have just returned from the town, at from 800 to 1,200 men. A cavalry force is expected by the enemy at Yazoo City, coming by the Valley road. For this I am now watching.

I find that Liverpool is the only point where the battery can be advantageously posted on the Yazoo from Snyder's to Yazoo City, and I think it doubtful whether the enemy will give me another opportunity at that point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding,&amp;c.

Brigadier General John ADAMS,

Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS cavalry BRIGADE,Camp near Vernon, MISS.,

May 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded through General Gist's headquarters. There appears to be some discrepancy between this reports and the report of Henderson's scouts. But Henderson's scouts left after this did; that is, Henderson's scouts left Yazoo City later than the scout of Colonel Adams.

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General Provisional Army C. S. Commanding.

Respectfully forwarded. If this is true, Brigadier-General [W. H. T.] Walker might capture the force at Yazoo City.

S. R. GIST,

Brigadier-General.

