
Number 2. Report of Colonel La Fayette McCrillis. THIRD Illinois Cavalry, commanding SECOND Cavalry Brigade. GERMANTOWN, May 25, 1863.

My command has returned and are in camp. I have the honor to report on the 23rd instant, at 12 p. m., 2 miles east of Senatobia, on Basket Creek, I came up with General Chalmer's rebel forces, 1,500 strong, our and drove him into Panola.

Casualties: Killed and wounded, none; rebels loss 11, killed. They admit 15 wounded.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, commanding SECOND Brigade Cavalry.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT.

May 23-24, 1863. -Expedition form Memphis, Tenn. to Hernando MISS.

Report of Colonel Thomas Stephens, SECOND Wisconsin Cavalry.

MEMPHIS, Tenn.,

May 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have to report that, in accordance with order received, I left camp at daybreak of the 23rd of May with about 400 men from the SECOND Wisconsin Cavalry Regiment FIFTH Ohio, and First Missouri, and moved our on the Hernando road, closely reconnoitering the county for an enemy, reaching HERMANDO, MISS, about 6 p. m. where I camped for the night.

During this day's march we encountered numerous squads of the enemy, belonging principally to Captain Manning's company attached to G. L. Blythe's regiment of MISSISSIPPI calvary. Of these, we captured 3, and 1 man of the First Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, and also a lieutenant of Chalmer's battalion of sharpshooters. A scout of General Chalmers was also chased and killed.

At daybreak of the 24th, we moved from Hernando to Pounder's Ferry, on the Coldwater River, for the purpose of obtaining intelligence of Colonel Hatch's command. Nothing was seen of him, however. Citizen stated that a large Federal force was at a point 8 miles from Coldwater on the night of the 22nd of May, and moved in a southerly Panola with his command. I did, not therefore, deem int necessary to cross the Coldwater. Blythe has crossed the Coldwater, and was at Hicy Haley when last heard from. He has left Captain Manning with one company in the county between Memphis and Hernando. This company was discovered by our advance-Squadron H. SECOND Blythe's plantation, drawn up in line in the brush about 20 yards from the road. The advance charged them, killing 3 and scattering the thickness of the brush giving them every opportunity to escape. We reached camp at about dusk last evening without loss of any kind.

