
reported to there 175 strong said to be but recently recruited, and about to go south to join the main body of the rebel army.
After sunset I left camp with 113 enlisted men and a proportionate number of officers, and guided by Mr. George Reevers, of Carbondale, Jackson County, Illinois formerly of Fayette County, Tennessee, I proceeded out on the Sommerville road 14 miles, where we turned off to the right, and then preceded by neighbored roads toward Wesley Camp. At the residence of a gentleman named B. Springfield 2. 1/2 miles before coming to Wesley camp, we surprised and captured 4 prisoners and their arm and horses. B. Springfield, proprietor of the house, was also taken and brought to this place. 	At half a mile farther southwest, as a place belonging to Mr. Steinbeck, captain Reid, according to his own statement, of Colonel Neely's regiment of Confederate cavalry, with two more of his men, was taken, the men first captured claiming to be also of Captain Reid's men.

Wesley camp and church having been completely destroyed last winter by the Seventh Kansas, it no longer afford any shelters, and although I descended upon if at full speed, no enemy could be found. I Here obtained information that Colonel Neely, with a number I Here obtained information that Colonel Neely, with a number of his officers and men, was encamped at Core's place 2. 1/2 miles southwest of Wesley camp.

I started immediately for the reported place, hoping still to be able to surprise the enemy in his camp, but unfortunately the guide Here missed the road, and, after gong out of our way some 4 miles, were arrived at Core's place with our horses much exhausted. No enemy was found.

I subsequently learned of Mr. Core that information having been received of our approach being on his way to Memphis with a load of Congton, he stopped his team and returned to his plantation. I was also inode up to Mr. Core's residence Colonel Neely and his men went off in a southerly corse across the farther portion of Core's plantation. However, as we first rode up to Core's house, he presented himself as a Union man, protesting that no guerrillas were ever near his place, showed certificates from General Denver and Lawler, and Colonel Hurst, and claimed protection, which I accordingly agreed to afford ; him to then extent possible it being necessary that my horsed and men should be fed, and Mr. Core's being the only place within some miles where this could be done. The provisions, however were rendered with but poor grace. Two guns two rifles, and a can of powder were found concealed in the weeds of the garden, and on my learning that the place had for a long time previously been the haunt of guerillas, I had the powder blown up and MR. Core's horses guns, and rifles taken.

From Core's I went to Somerville, scouring the country on both sides of the road.

I arrived at Sommerville after dark, and passing through the place, encamped on the north side of the Loosahatchee, on the Whiteville road.

Having within twenty-six hours traveled nearly 60 miles on dusty roads, by great heat, and water for the horses being only found at great intervals, any of them had completely given out, and could not be used on the next morning.

Before daylight I has several houses in the neighborhood searched, but without success.

At daybreak I started with 70 MEN FOR Antioch Church, where according to information, a large body of guerrillas were in camp.

28 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

