
Captain Arosenius was left in charge of our camp on the Loosahatchee, with 40 men. He had to guard the prisoners, picket the camp, patrol Somerville, and it being deemed important to occupy the bridge across the Loosahatchee, on the Covington road, this brigade was guarded by 6 privates and 2 non commissioned officers.,

An hor after I had left with the main body of my men, the guard on the Loosahatchee was charged upon by Captain Bell and 17 of his men. They came on shooting, and at full speed, but the small guard bravely stood its ground, repulsing the enemy, killed one of its number and wounding another in the knee. Firing was kept up for two hours before the enemy withdrew.

The expedition to Antioch met no guerrillas, although the country was searched in every direction. The white residents of the country almost to a man, denied that there were any guerillas in the neighborhood, whole the very few loyal whites we met and the negroes on every plantation informed is that banks up to 20 men strong were passing daily, and stooping at farm-houses or lying out, as occasion required.

I am confident the country of Fayette is a t present infested by several hundred guerillas, who are scattered for the more convenient feeding of themselves and horses, and only uniting when some greater movements is to be made.

Captain Reid informed me that he had only on the 26th instant come from south of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and knew of Chalmers' defeat.

At 1 a. m. on the morning of the 29th, information was received that 3 guerrillas were at the residence of A. F. Gant, 4 miles south of Somerville. Captain Hoering was sent with 30 men to start for them and instructed on his return to Somerville to take the Bolivar road. I soon after started for Bolivar, proceeding but slowly searching suspected houses and making frequent halts, to enable Captain Hoering to come up.

When Captain Hoering arrived at Gants' house, the guerrillas had left, but Gant was taken and brought in.

I arrived at Bolivar at 10 a. m. on the 29th. Most of the men had hardly been out of their saddles form the time of our departure, on the morning of the 26th, and all were very tired, but in excellent health and spirits.

We captured 1 captain 6 privates, 2 citizen, 45 horses, and mules, guns rifles and pistols.

I would also beg leave to state that as the saddles used by men have either been taken from the enemy citizen or are such as have been condemned in the Tennessee cavalry they are very inferior, and scald the horses backs and wear them out much sooner than good saddles would.

Information is just received that on Friday 102 Confederates were in Somerville after we had left, pretending to be in pursuit of my force.

I was informed that Captain Faulkner was, with several hundred men, near Mason Station.

Very respectfully,

ADOLPH ENGELMANN,

Colonel Forty-THIRD Illinois.

Captain M. H. BAILHACHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

