HEADQUARTERS YAZOO EXPEDITION,Satartia, June 5, 1863.

GENERAL; Since closing dispatches this morning I have prisoner who left Walker's command at Yazoo City yesterday. He says Walker has 15,000 men; two brigades are from Bragg. Breckinridge is at Jackson. Johnston has 40,000 at Canton. From all I can gather, Walker's command is all between Yazoo and Big Black, I leave to-day for Haynes' Bluff.

Very respectfully,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

SATARTIA, MISS,

June 6, 1863.

COLONEL: There is in front of me a large force, of which I cannot ascertain the exact amount, but which is not less than 15,000 and in view of the fact that the river is falling rapidly, and gunboats will soon be unable to recross the bar below, I shall to-day move toward Haynes' Bluff STARTING AS soon as I can get ready.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, department of the Tennessee.

Number 3. Report of Captain James H. Greene, eight Wisconsin Infantry.

SIR: In obedience to orders I submit the following report of a skirmish with the enemy on June 4 between Satartia, on the Yazoo River, and Mechanicsburg.

WHEN OUR BRIGADE moved from Satartia (being the first troops that arrived and the first to march into the country from that place, three companies of the Eight Wisconsin, viz, a, f, and I, were detailed as an advance guard. From one-half to three fourths of a mile out, were two companies of our brigade, one from the Eleventh MISSOURI, and the other from the Forty-seventh Illinois, were on picket, I was ordered to halt by Captain Stewart, of General Mowry's staff. The officer of the picket guard reported the enemy in the near neighborhood in considerable force, and in a few moments there was brisk firing on the part of the advance sentinels. Company A, of the Eight was immediately deployed as skirmishers, and sent forward to the line of the vedettes, and the other companies formed in line in a good position, with skirmishers thrown out to the right. The enemy advanced, firing with great rapidly but were repulsed there, as another Company, with re-enforced us at that moment form the brigade was deployed in that quarter.

Receiving orders to push forward, I advanced with companies A and F as skirmishers, as rapidly as possible Companies D an I following closely as reserve. From there to Mechanicsburg 3 miles their was constant and at times sever fighting, the rebel skirmisher (five

