
keep you advised. Have ordered General Adams to do so likewise. Nine boats in all came up to Satartia. Some have left. DOUBT WHETHER, on ACCOUNT OF THE RIVER FALLING rapidly, they will venture up this high.

The enemy May to a notion, if in force, you at Benton.

Very respectfully,

W. H. T. WALKER,

Major-General, commanding.

Major GENERAL LORING.

Number 5. Report of Brigadier General William H. Jackson, c. S. Army, commanding Cavalry DIVISION. PRITCHARD'S CORPS-ROADS, June 7, 1863 -10 p. M.

MAJOR: I sent a brigade ver early this morning to ascertain all about the enemy's movements. The colonel commanding reports that their force consisted of two dismission General Mowe and Kimball two light batteries, six guns each, and two pieces with the cavalry force two regiments estimated from 8,000 to 10,000 landed at Satartia 7 a. m. The 4th. Left yesterday morning at 12 m. And all marched to Snyder's Bluff. Kimball's quartermaster said they were ordered to fortify and defend that place against General Johnston's army, supposed by them to be advancing fro this direction. Enemy left in some confusion. Colonel L. R. ROSS destroyed twenty-five tents, and obtained a lot of pilot bread and hams, which they left at Satartia. Enemy destroyed property of every description, burned sixteen houses in Mechanicsburg and several on the road, also gin-house, destroyed all bridges behind them. I am much in need of an accurate and full map of this country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major A. P. Mason,

Assistant Adjutant General.

P. S. -The brigade went several miles below Welsy Chapel, and sent scouts to within 8 miles of Snyder's Bluff.

Number 6. Reports of Brigadier General JOHN ADAMS C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Bridge. Headquarters CAVALRY BRIGADE, In the Saddle, five miles from Mechanicsburg, May 29, 1863-54 p. M.

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that your letter of the 28th instant, expressing surprise that I had crossed the artillery over on the east side of Big Black, reached me in the saddle on the WEST side of Big Black Yesterday evening the 28th instant. Two days previous to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

