
Here., I have all the roads well scouted and picketed. Will keep you well advised momentarily of the advance or retrograde movements of enemy.

I am, captain, yours &amp;C.

john Adams,

brigadier-General provisional Army Confederate States, comdg.

Captain Cumming,

Assistant Adjutant General.

P. S. -Enemy's force ins perhaps al large as it was on the former occasion.

Headquarters CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Pritchard's Cross-Roads,

June 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The enemy is advancing on the Wire, or Ridge, road. They are about 1. 1/2 miles in advance of the place marked Ogden's on the map sent you. Ogden is about 20 miles form Yazoo City. Their shortest route will be turn off the Wire road at MRS. SPIRES' MARKED ON THE MAP, and THENCE DIRECT TO Yazoo. I lost about 50 men on yesterday, including killed wounded, and prisoners. Several horsed killed, wounded, and captured. Enemy's prisoners. Several horses killed, wounded, and captured. enemy's loss in killed and wounded think largest though I gave no means of ascertaining the number killed and wounded by our battery or skirmishing. I know but little definitely of the strength of the enemy, but am convinced this a large force. The enemy is still burning mills, gins convinced taking all provisions from citizen indiscriminately, killing cattle, hogs, chickens and so on, with the evident intention of destroying the substance and forage which could be or service to our army. It is also reported that they have obstructed the roads, below, about Edwards Depot and neighborhood, by felling timber.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS.

Brigadier General Provisional Army of the Confederate States, Comdg.

Captain [HENRY] ROBINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Pritchard's Cross-Roads, MISS.,

June 6, 1863-Midnight.

CAPTAIN: My advance is at Mechanicsburg. The enemy have all left-the infantry and artillery on the transports, by way of Satartia, for Vicksburg of Haynes' Bluff, the cavalry and light artillery went of the Wire, or Ridge, road to Vicksburg.

The object of the enemy seems to have been a reconnaissance in force for General Johnston's army. They destroy everything like forage and provisions, as well as all mills, gins, expressing their object to be prevent General Johnson's army from advancing at the same time expressing a determination to lay waste the State of MISSISSIPPI.

I am captain, yours very respectfully,

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier General Provisional Army of the Confederate States, comdg.

Captain [HENRY] ROBINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

