
MAY 27, 1863. Attack on Union gunboats near Greenwood MISS.

Report of Captain Issac N. Brown, c. S. Navy.

GREENWOOD, MISS.,

May 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have to report for your information that three of the enemy's vessels reached the obstructions which I had placed in the river below Greenwood on the evening of the 26th instant. They burned of the upper works of the boat there sunk, and remained near by during the night. At daylight they were attacked by Colonel Ferguson's sharpshooters, under Captain Morgan, when they cut their cables and fled down the river, firing during their flight grape and canister at our men, none of whom were hurt. The enemy acknowledged a loss of 12 killed. I hope soon to hear something better of him, as on his way down he had to pass the torpedoes, which he avoided on his way up by coming through Tchula River.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully yours,

ISSAC N. BROWN,

Commander, c. S. Navy.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Commanding Department WEST and South, Jackson, MISS.

MAY 27, 1863. -Scout from Memphis, Tenn., toward Hernando, MISS.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Price, first Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP OF FIRST Missouri CAVALRY,

Memphis, Tenn.,

May 27, 1863.

SIR; I have the honor to report, in accordance with instructions fro Major Mordankof General Washburn's staff, by whom I was this morning ordered on a scout toward Hernando, in command of 200 cavalry men, that nothing worthy of particular notice occurred during the march.

After crossing the NMoncommah, I sent out flank on columns at the distance of 1 or 2 miles on either side of the Hernando road, paralleled to the main direction of the main column, but finding no one on either route, I changed my course toward the Horn Lde Depot, and from there by way of Major Blythe's farm, toward the WEST of the Hernando. My original intention, as expressed to Major Morgan was to make a detour to the east of Hernando, but I was induced to change it to the WEST on account of information perceived from citizen that our force from the direction of La Grange had only a day of two previously throughly scoured that country.

After marching about 25 miles southwest of Memphis, we halted and fed ant a Mr. Solio's were three of four guerrillas on picket were chased, and a pry of a dozen were reported to have that morning breakfasted.

About 2 p. m. we moved off west, in the direction which the pickets were supposed to have followed, ut falling to ding anything further except an occasional outpost, we turned our course circularly toward the Horn Lake road, upon which we subsequently came into camp.

