
The result of this scout my be briefly summed up in no enemy, the capture of 7 horsed, 4 mules, 2 able-bodied Negroid and 2 prisoners, all taken in Mississippi.

The prisoners and the negroes with the 2 horsed and 2 mules and 3 saddles, which they rode have bene sent my under guard to you. Two horses and 2 mules remain in the possession of the SECOND Wisconsin detachment, commanded by Captain Wood, two other horses on charge of the fifth Ohio Cavalry, under command of Captain RADER. From observation, and the best intelligence that I could gain, I do not believe that there is now any force of consequence e, i, e. Sufficient to resist the march of 100 or 200 Cavalrymen, anywhere in the neighborhood of Hernando. From all accounts that I could collect, my opinion is that all the disposable force of the enemy has been drawn off in the direction of Vicksburg, there boldly leaving the country between this and the Mississippi Central Railroad open to the incursions of our troops.

I will add that the officers and men of my command behaved remarkably well, and kept closely up in ranks, notwithstanding the dust of many roads, was to thick as to be almost suffocating.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. T. PRINCE.

Lieutenant-Colonel First Missouri Cavalry, commanding Scout.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Memphis.

MAY 28, 1863. -Scout from Memphis, Tenn., toward Hernando, MISS.

Report of Major John J. Joslyn, first Missouri Cavalry.

MEMPHIS, Tenn.,

May 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report of your information that in accordance to instructions from headquarters First Cavalry DIVISION, I proceeded in command of cavalry detachments, consisting of 25 men First Missouri Cavalry 50 men SECOND Wisconsin Cavalry and 25 men FIFTH Ohio Cavalry. Left camp First MISSOURI Cavalry at daybreak on the morning of the 28th, taking the Horn Lake roads across Nonconnah Creek. About 7 miles south of the Nonconnah came upon a vedette, who on our approach, fired and ran. near THE RESIDENCE of Colonel Blythe we came upon a picket of some 6 men mounted. We exchanged shots but at too great a distanced to take effect, in crossing from Horn Lake to the Hernando road, we came upon another squad of the enemy, numbering about 15 men. With them we also exchanged shots, but effect nothing.

We proceeded to the Hernando road, thence to camp. I would state that the men composing the detachment behaved well. I arrived With the command at camp about 4. 30 yesterday evening. No property of any king was taken.

I am very respectfully, you obedient servant,

J. Joslyn,

First Missouri Cavalry.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, first DIVISION Cavalry.

