
until near noon, when the enemy suddenly withdrew. Our men, seeing this movement, advanced upon the retreating column, firing volley after volley at them while they remained within gunboats. The gunboat Lexington then paid her compliments to the fleeing foe in several well directed shots, scattering them in all directions.

I here desire to express my thanks to the officers and men of the gunboats Choctaw and Lexington for their efficient services in the time of need. their names wmbered by the officers and men of the African Brigade for their valuable assistance on that dark and bloody field.

The officers and men deserve the highest praise for their gallant conduct, and especially Colonel Glasgow, of the Twenty-THIRD Iowa, and his brave men, and also Colonel Lieb, of the NINTH Louisiana African descent,, who by his gallantry and daring, inspired his men to deeds of valor until he fell seriously though not dangerously wounded. I regret to state that Colonel Chamberlain, of the Eleventh Louisiana, African descent, conducted himself in a very unsoldierlike manner.

The enemy consisted of one brigade numbering about 2,500 in coming estimated at about 150 killed and 3000 wounded. It is impossible to get anything near the loss of the enemy, as they carried the killed and wounded off in ambulances. Among their killed is Colonel Allen SIXTEENTH Texas.

Inclosed pleased find tabular statement of killed, wounded, and missing, in all, 652, nearly all the MISSING blacks will probably return, as they were badly scattered.

The enemy, under General J. M. Hawes, advanced upon Young's Point while the battle was gong on at Milliken's Bend but several well directed shots from the gunboats compelled them to retire.

Submitting the foregoing, I remain, yours respectfully,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, comd. District Northeast Louisiana.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant Genera.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN LOUISIANA,Young's Point La.,

June 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that an attack was made on Lake Providence, La. June 9, 1863, by a rebel force of about 600 strong the Thirteenth Texas Infantry and 200 mounted men of the Thirteenth Louisiana Battalion. They were met by two companies of the First Kansas Mounted Infantry, 6 miles from town, and skirmishing kept up until the rebel force reached bayou Tensas, 1 mile from town, where they were met by General Reid's entire force, about 800 strong, including 300 of the Louisiana Regiment, African descent, under Colonel Scofield.

The mounted companies fell back behind the bayou, destroying the bridge, when the enemy formed in line of battle advanced their skirmishers to the bayou and planted a 6-pounder so as to command the bridge, which they attempted to reconstruct, but were prevented by bridge,, which they attempted to reconstruct, but were presented by our skirmishers. A heavy force of skirmishers was then sent forward to meet their whole line on the bayou, and, after a brisk fire of an hour

---------------

*Or 11 officers and 90 men killed, 17 officers and 268 men wounded, and 2 officers and 264 men captured or MISSING.

---------------

