
Thirty-fourth, forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Indiana and FIFTY-sixth Ohio. They have won laurels on many fields and not only their country will praise, but posterity be proud to claim kindred with the privates in their ranks. They have a history that Colonel Macauley, colonel McLaughlin, and Colonel Raynor, and their children's children will be proud to read.

My brigades could not have been managed with more consummate skill than they were by Brigadier General McGinnis and Colonel James R. Slack. Their services deserve the highest reward that a soldier can claim.

My staff, as usual, did their whole duty. Captain John E. Phillips, assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieuts. J. T. McQuiddy and J. P. Pope, my aides, were untiring during the whole day, and bu their coolness, promptitude, and energy aided me in every trying emergency. I am also much indebted to First Lieuts. George Sheeks, acting assistant quartermaster, and W. H. Sherfy, and SECOND Lieutenant T. C. Withers, of the signal corps, for valuable services throughout the day.

It is no easy task to specify individual gallantry, where the field is filled with deeds of fame, but I cannot forbear giving the full meed to those who have suffered. The DIVISION lost, in killed and wounded, 54 officers-29 in the First Brigade and 25 in the SECOND.

Colonel W. T. Sicely, of the Twenty-fourth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, conspicuous for his daring gallantry throughout the day, was wounded, but remained upon the field until the victory was ours. Colonel Daniel Macauley, eleventh Indiana, was wounded through the thighs near the close of the fight, while leading his noble regiment through the hottest part of the field. Lieutenant-colonel Barter, twenty-fourth Indiana, while bearing the colors of his regiment forward, was severely wounded. Lieutenant -Colonel Swain, thirty-fourth Indiana, was severely wounded while cheering his men and encouraging them in the performance of their duty. Major Bradford Hancock, twenty-NINTH Wisconsin, was severely wounded while nobly discharging his duty. The true and trusted Majs. L. H. Goodwin, forty-seventh Indiana, and Edward Wright, twenty-fourth Iowa, were severely wounded, in the thickest of the fight.

Among the dead of the SECOND Brigade are the honored names of Captain Silas D. Johnson, twenty-fourth Iowa; Captain William Carbee, twenty-fourth Iowa; First Lieutenant [Chauncey] Lawrence, twenty-fourth Iowa; First Lieutenant James F. Perry, forty-seventh Indiana; SECOND Lieutenant A. S. Chute, FIFTY-sixth Ohio; SECOND Lieutenant J. J. Legan, and First Lieutenant Benjamin F. Kirby, twenty-eighth Iowa.

Of the First Brigade, Captain Felix G. Welman fell on the outer edge of the field while being pressed with overwhelming numbers. He rose from the ranks, was gallant and good, and beloved by all who knew him. SECOND Lieutenant Jesse L. Cain, of the same regiment, fell, mortally wounded, at the same time, and died in a few hours afterward. A better man sleeps not upon that bloody field. First Lieutenant J. Ferris, forty-sixth Indiana, died like a true soldier, with his face to the foe. A complete list of the killed and wounded accompanies this report. *

The effective force of my DIVISION, at the commencement, was as follows: First Brigade, 2,371; SECOND Brigade, 1,809, making a total of 4,180. Of this number our casualties were 211 killed, 872 wounded, and

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 8.

---------------

