
DIVISION at Trinity, at the mouth of the Tensas, came to Monroe, form Monroe to Delhi by rail, and from there to Floyd by marchers, where they joined Bartlett's command. He says a bridge was built at Floyds across Bayou Macon, but the force marched up the bayou to Caledonia, where they built another bridge and crossed. The only mischief done by the rebels, as far as heard from, is the destruction of a cotton-gin at the Spencer plantation, 7 miles from town, where a citizen was ginning some cotton.

I t is our of the question to give adequate protection to the plantations along the river without having sufficient force to mover-across the bayou Macon and drive the rebels beyond Boeuf River, and artillery is absolutely necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General, commanding Post.

Major General McPHERSON,

Commanding Seventeenth Corps.

Headquarters POST OF PROVIDENCE,

July 6, 1863.

COLONEL; On the 29th ultimo the rebels form the other side of Bayou Macon came in near the Wilton plantation, at the Mounds, and made an attack there and at Goodrich's Landing, capturing two companies of the First Arkansas Volunteers at the Mounds and burning every gin house and negro quarter on their way toward this point. They also burned many of the dwelling-houses. Hearing through negroes that a fight was going on at the Mounds, I sent out the First Kansas, mounted Regiment, to meet them which they died 5 miles below town, in the woods, but found them too strong, and had to fall back, skirmishing to within 3 miles of town, where the progress of the enemy was stopped. Soon after they had stopped following our men, a fleet of transports, With two gunboats, came in sight from above, but one of the Marien Brigade, boats happened to be in advance, and could mot be stopped at the landing, but fired one o its pop guns at the rebels, which frightened them off at once and prevented them being coxed into town, and also prevented the gunboats getting a chance at them.

In the skirmishers we had one lieutenant of the First Kansas, killed LIEUTENANT THOMPSON severely wounded in the foot, and 2 prisoners wounded. The rebels report 5 or 6 killed, including two captains.

We have had for some time a strong fortification on the river in from of the town, made of earthworks and cotton bales, and if w e had any artillery could make a defense against a large force. We have just received section of artillery, and have had a gunboat here for two or three days.

The rebels have a force on the WEST of they bayou variously estimated at from 5,000 at 9,000 men, under command of Major-General Walker, of Texas. Part of the force is lately from Price's army, at Little Rock, and it was a part of Parsons, brigade of cavalry which did the mischief in this vicinity.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

