
Number 3. Report of Brigadier General Joseph A. Moower, u. S. Army, SECOND Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, of action 15th near Richmond.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier THIRD, Div. Fifteenth A. C.

Young's Point La.

June 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent expedition to Richmond La, in compliance With orders of General Grant.

On the morning of the 14th instant, I moved out from this place on the Duckport road With my brigade and Barrett's battery, the sixty THIRD Illinois and a detachment of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry under Major Shaw.

We encamped the night of the 14th on the plantation of Mrs. Ames, about 6 miles this side of Richmond.

On the morning of the 156th, we moved on and at about 6 a. m. at the junction of the Duckport and Milliken's Bend roads, united my force With the Marien Brigade, under Brigadier General Ellet. The pickets of the enemy were stationed at the junction of these roads, ut retired without opposition. Moving on, when within about 2 miles of Richmond, the enemy were found to be in position on the plain in rear of a hedge of willows and a wide ditch, With the skirmishers in their advance. The advance regiment of my brigade the FIFTH Minnesota, was immediately deployed as skirmishers, and the other regiments formed in line of battle behind them, With the artillery placed in intervals in the lines, and a section on the left flank. These dispositions being made, the whole force advanced in the same, order, and the skirmishers their line of battle poured a volley or two upon our skirmishers. My artillery line of battle poured a volley or two upon our skirmishers. My artillery then opened, and in a short time the enemy was driven in and their line of battle poured a volley or two upon skirmishers. My artillery then opened, and in a short time the enemy was driven back across the plain and the bayou to the turn, where their SECOND position was taken. I then advanced my line to the willow hedge and ditch. The bamy, consisting of our guns, then opened upon us, but without serous effect. My battery, in conjunction With that of the Marine Brigade replied, and a livery artillery engagement was kept up between the forces for about one hour. This not accomplishing the object desired, I left the battery in position, With orders to fire at intervals, to keep the enemy engaged, and left as their support one regiment, the other regiments I moved by the right flank into the woods that bound the plain on the WEST and throwing forward skirmishers advance by the flank along the edge of the woods, so that I might, if possible, dislodge the enemy by turning their left flank. We proceeded With no opposition, except a few shell from the enemy's battery, and of the town, and found no enemy within view. Moving by the east, by the bridge across the bayou and left. The destruction of the bridge had progressed too far to admit of crossing the artillery. The cavalry forded the stream and pursued the enemy about 6 miles of the road was found, and a few ars.

The town was destroyed. Several hours being required to make the bridge passable, and the enemy being already so far on the retreat, I deemed an attempt at further pursuit impracticable.

