
My loss was 1 man killed and 8 men wounded. I inclose a list of their names.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER.

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. K. PIERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 4. Report of Colonel Lucius F. Hubbard, FIFTH Minnesota Infantry, of acting at Richmond. HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOL. INFANTRY.

Young's Point, La.,

June 20, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by the FIFTH Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, in the action at Richmond, la, on the 15th instant:

On the 9th of the mount, the brigade to which the FIFTH Minnesota is attached was ordered to move from Haynes' Bluff to Youngs Point, With a view of strengthening the garrison at the latter place, which was being threatened by a body of the enemy operation form the interior, and that had already made an attack at Milliken's Bend. The re-enforcements thus sent induced the enemy to fall back to Richmond, 20 miles west, from which place it was ordered that he be dislodged and driven out.

The force sent out for this purpose, consisting of two brigades, left Young's Point of the morning of the 14th, and bivouacked that night within 5 miles of Richmond.

At daylight on the morning of the 15th, the column moved forward, the FIFTH Minnesota being in advance. The first picket of the enemy was encountered within 2 miles of the town, but a reconnaissance disclosed the fact that there was a considerable force in line of battle near the edge of a body of timber less than a mile to the rear of this outpost. As soon as the probable location of the enemy was determined, I meant as skirmishers, using the reaming four as a reserve, and move forward to ascertain more definitely the position the enemy occupied and his probable strength. The approach to the locality in which the enemy skirmishers whatever, hence the men were greatly exposed and their half a mile in front of the main body of the enemy, and running parallel With my line of skirmisher, was deep ditch, skirted by a thick growth of bushes and small timber, under cover of which the rebel skirmishers, supported by a regiment of infantry were posted.

When within 30 yards of this cover, and in point-bank range of the enemy's guns, we received a heavy volley from this skirmishers and the regiment in reserve. The men at once fell flat upon the ground the weeds, and tall grass affording them partial protection. A sharp skirmish fight ensued of perhaps twenty minutes's duration, during which a charge of the enemy, made With a design of capturing skirmishers was repulsed.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

