
By this time our main column had formed line of battle and advanced to within supporting distance of the position we occupied. The rebel skirmishers now retired upon their main body, which had also fallen back and taken a position on the opposite bank of a bayou that separated us from the town. I again advanced, moving in the face of a tire of grape and canister from a battery the enemy had in position on the bank of the bayou, and when within easy range of his sharpshooters, halted. Two batteries of artillery were now brought forward and opened upon the guns of the enemy. A sharp artillery fight followed, lasting more than an hour, during which the enemy effected and evacuation of the place, retreating on the road to Delhi. He had burned the bridge across the bayou and obstructed the road, rendering an immediate pursuit impracticable.

The village of Richmond was destroyed by order, and the following day the column marched to Young's Point.

The regiment bore itself With its usual gallantry and much to the satisfaction of the general commanding.

The following is a list of the casualties the regiment sustained in the action: 8 men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, commanding.

Colonel OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General, Minnesota.

Number 5. Reports OF actg. Rear Admiral David D. Porter, U. S. Navy, of attack on Milliken's Bend and action near Richmond. JUNE 7, 1863.

The enemy attacked Milliken's Bend commenced driving the negro regiments, and killed all they captured. This infuriated the negros, who turned on the rebels and slaughtered them like sheep, and captured 200 prisoners. I also hear captured five pieces of artillery. The Choctaw and Lexington were there.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Admiral.

General GRANT.

UNITED STATES Mississippi SQUADRON,

Flag ship Black Hawk,

June 7, 1863.

DEAR GENERAL: Last night, or early this morning, the rebels, supposed to amount to 3,000 or 4,000 strong, attacked Milliken's Bend, and nearly gobbed up the whole party. Fortunately, I heard of it in time menced. The rebels got into our camps and killed a good many negroes, and left about 80 of their number killed on the levee. Our troops mostly negroes retreated behind the banks near the water's edge, and the gunboats opened so rapidly on the enemy that they scampered off, the shells chasing them as far as the woods. They got nothing but hard knocks.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

