
The moment I heard of it, I went up in the Black Hawk and saw quite an ugly sight. The dead negroes lined the ditch inside of the parapet, or levee, and were mostly shot on the top of the head. In front of them, close to the levee, lay an equal number, of rebels, stinking in the sun. their knapsacks contained four days' provisions. They were miserable looking wretches. I had no sooner got there than the dispatch boat brought me a letter from the general commanding here, informing me that the rebels had appeared near the canal in force. I hurried back, and found all the vessels having guns ready to receive them, and heard nothing of the rebels. It was a false alarm, but the steamers had all gone off for Young's Point.

There are about 300 troops here in all, not counting the blacks. I think we should have 1,000 men near the canal and at Young's Point, and I recommend moving everything form Milliken's Bend to the latter place. We can defend it much better. Those fellows will be scouting about here fro some time, and it is no longer sage to run teams across to the vessels on the other side. I think them, but I hear they are at Memphis waiting for troops. The twenty-NINTH Iowa I think it was behaved well to-day. It stood its ground against great odds, and kept the enemy out of the camps until the men could form and get into some kind of order.

I think we want ore force here, and everything at Young's Point moved over on the opposite side of the river, near the mouth of the Yazoo, where there is a good landing.

Very truly, yours,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Acting Rear Admiral.

General GRANT.

Mississippi SQUADRON, flag SHIP BLACK HAWK,

June 16, 1863.

DEAR GENERAL: Rather than be idle, and thinking it a good plan not to let the rebels be enjoying themselves too much at Richmond, I dispatched General Ellet to the commanding officer, to see if he would not lend a hand to drive the rebels away. So they started yesterday rebels strongly posted at Richmond, With 4,000 men and six pieces of artillery.

After an hour's fight, in which nobody was badly hurt I believe on our side, the rebels cleared out, and Richmond was burned in the row. Eleven prisoners fell into our hands. From the we learn that there are 6,000 men at Delhi, but without transportation. They left their wagons in Alexandria. From all I can learn, they expect more troops to join them, more field pieces, and their wagons.

They have signals going on all around here. I have the names of a number of houses where the signals them all. My idea is that this force in intended to co-operate With Vicksburg at the proper time. With the boats, flats, and cola barges they have they cant transport their whole force to this side from Vicksburg in six hours, and if this party should suddenly seize the Point we could not prevent it. I am keeping a strong force of gunboats here, and shall keep the bridge ready to land at a moments' notice. The Benton will be above the canal every night and the other boats when they return up the river. I shall also have the

