
Number 7. Report of Major General Richard Taylor, c. S. Army, of attacks on Young's Point and Milliken's Bend. Headquarters DEPARTMENT OF TRANS-Mississippi, Shreveport, La. June 17, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith Major-General Taylor's report of the operations of his forces in North Louisiana from June 3 to 8. I respectfully call the attention of the War Department to the ability and energy displayed by that gallant officer in the discharge of his duties as district commander.

Major General Walker's DIVISION, Tappan's brigade, together With Colonel Harrison's and Colonel Bartlett's commands of cavalry are still in the country opposite Vicksburg. Major-General Taylor, With his forces in Lower Louisiana, is personally superintending the operations on this side of the Mississippi for the relief of Port Hudson. He has been instructed to throw provisions into Port Hudson and Vicksburg whenever it is communication With General Johnston, and he will use every effort to co-operate With him in his operations for the defense and relief of Vicksburg and Port Hudson.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General Richmond, Va.

Returned to Secretary of War. The operations of General Taylor are highly commendable.

J. D. [JEFFERSON DAVIS.]

[Inclosure.]

DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,

Richmond,

June 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the events of the past few days. As soon as I learned of the capture of Richmond by Captain McLean, of Harrison's battalion, viz, on the night of 3rd ultimo I, ordered General Walker to push on a force of 200 infantry to insure holding he bridge, adding to it two guns of Harrison's artillery. This force crossed the Tensas in a flat, which I had secured the day before, and reached Richmond at sunset on the 4th. On the sem day General Walker encamped 3 miles from Dunlap's on Tensas. I had succeeded in collecting material fro a bridge and on the morning of the 5th commenced the work, superintending in tin person. At 4 p. m. a substantial bridge was completed, when I pushed on to this point, sending notice to General Walker of the completion of the bridge. Arriving at dusk, I soon met Major Harrison from below. He reported the companies, under Captain McCall, attacked on the morning of the 4th a negro camp on Lake Saint Joseph. He found them sone 90 strong. Killed the captain 12 negroes and captured the remainder. Some 60 women and children in the camp were also secured. Captain McCall had 60 men. Major Harrison brought off some few arms, medicines, 7c. Perkin's Surget's Casin, and Cathage, all of which

