
Arms ordnance stores, medicines, were ordered to be saved, and all other property, for which transportation could not be provided, was to be burned. Major-General Walker and his brigade commandeers appeared to enter heartily into this plan, and as no troops were to be engaged except their DIVISION, I deemed it proper to leave the execution of it to them. McCulloch's brigade was selected for Milliken's intersection of the roads. General Waler decide to accompany this last.

Despite my efforts, the troops did not move until an hour after the appointed time. McCulloch reached Milliken's bout dawn, drove in the enemy's pickets, and in obedience to orders, attacked With the bayonet. The enemy after a sharp struggle, was driven form his first position With very heavy loss in killed. He retreated behind a SECOND levee and under the bank of the river near a small gunboat and two or three transports. Strict orders had ben given to drive the enemy into the river, so as to permit no time for escape or re-enforcements. On mounting the SECOND levee, in pursuit, our men came in sight of the gunboat and transports and at once fell back, and could not be induced to cross the levee. Confusion ensued, and the gunboat, which at the beginning had no steam up, brought her one gun to bear in the direction of our troops. McCulloch dispatched to General Walker reported to me that three additional gunboats attracted by the firing, had arrived, that he could find no position from which to use his artillery, and that the prostration of the men from the intense theat prevented him from marching down to Duckport, as directed. It is true the heat was intense, the thermometer marking 95 degree in the shade, but had common vigor and judgment been displayed the work would all have been completed by 8 a. m.

McCulloch's brigade lost some 20 killed and perhaps 80 wounded. A very large number of the negroes were killed and perhaps 80 wounded. I respectfully ask instructions as to the disposition of these prisoners. A number of horses and mules, some few small-arms and commissary stores shown great personal bravery but no capacity for handling masses.

I turn now to Hawes operations. No report was received from hin till late in the evening of the 7th. Lieutenant Routh, signal officer, returned and informed me that General Hawes was falling back that the had asked General Hawes if any attempt was to be made to communicate With Vicksburg and received a negative reply. Lieutenant Routh then attempted to make his own way down the Point, but meeting some armed Yankees and negroes, of the signal corps arrived With some memoranda, which General Hawes o directed him to read to me. From these is appears that Genera Haws reached the rear of Young's 1 mile distant, at 11 a. m. on the 7th, that he had consumed seventeen hours in marching 19 miles over a good road without impediments. It further appears that a more favorable condition of affairs was found at Young's that General Hawes was told to expect, for late as he arrived he surprised the enemy. Number were found fishing some distance from camp, and two or three were captured at this peaceful work. Two shots were fired by the enemy,

