
both taking effect, one killing a horse and the other severely wounding in the arm one of the guides of Harrison's cavalry. General Hawes formed his line of battle, advanced in the open field to within half a mile of the enemy, and then retired. I quote form the memoranda He was satisfied he could carry the position, but did not think it would pay. General Hawes then returned to the junction of the roads reported to me, over 200 stragglers behind. Harrison's cavalry was sent to bring in these. They were however, in no danger, as the enemy at the time were rushing aboard their transports and burning stores. General Walker desired me to see General Hawes, to learn the reason of his conduct. I declined, directing his report to be written out, and informing General Walker that I should expect him to indorely his own opinion upon it.

Colonel Bartett, With about 900 men was ordered to march on Lake Providence, With instructions to break up the camps of negroes in that vicinity who were being organized and drilled by the enemy, and thence push his cavalry down to Milliken's Bend, breaking up the plantations in cultivation by agents or contractors of the United States Government.

On the 5th, he was at Floyd building a bridge across the Macon, distant about 25 miles from Lake Providence. Since that date I have received no report from him. If he succeeds in the operations intrusted to him the WEST bank of the Mississippi River from the mouth of RED River to the Arkansas line will be free form the presence of the enemy I shall use every exertion by placing an adequate force of cavalry and light artillery on the bank of the river to annoy and interfere With the navigation of the stream by transports, upon which Grant is dependant for his supplies by way of the Yazoo River.

As soon as Tappan's brigade can reach Richmond, I shall withdraw Walker's ; DIVISION to operate south of Red River. An additional cavalry force is need in this section, and I have the honor to request that Captain Nutts' Company of mounted men May be immediately ordered to report to Colonel Harrison, in accordance With the understanding which I have With the lieutenant-General commanding on this subject.

I regret exceedingly that I am unable to report results commensurate With the force employed on this expedition. Much greater los ought to have been inflicted upon the enemy, and the stores which he burned ought to have been captured for our use.

I beg the lieutenant-general commanding to believe that I used every personal exertion in order to insure success. Myself and staff acted as pioneers, bridge builders, scouts, quartermaster, and commissaries. General Walker's DIVISION was suddenly and secretly thrown within 6 or 8 miles of the enemy's line of camps on the Mississippi River, information of the most reliable character furnished to if of the enemy's strength and position, which in every instance was fully verified. Nothing was wanted but vigorous action in the execution of the plans condition of affairs would admit. Besides, the DIVISION commander had weeks before expressed to the Lieutenant-general commanding his ardent desire to undertake this or a similar expedition. Unfortunately, I discovered too late that the officers and men of this DIVISION were possessed of a dread of gunboats such pervaded our people at the commencement of the war. To this circumstance and to want of mobility in cheese troops are to be attributed the meager results of the expedition.

