
I leave this evening for Monroe and Alexandria, to look after affairs in the southern portion of the State, which are every day increasing in interest.

Very respectfully, your servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

Headquarters DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,

Alexandria,

June 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I reached this place last night, having left Richmond fortyeight hours previously. I shall leave in a few minutes for Morgan's Ferry, on the Atchfalaya River. As Banks is reported to be using the WEST bank of the Mississippi for the transportation of his supplies, I deem it of great importance that the most vigorous movement should be made by a portion of our forces against the enemy opposite Port Hudson, and it is necessary that I should give my personal supervision to the arrangements, and perhaps take command of the expedition. In and Carroll, detach at Richmond on the 8th instant, I gave you the information which had been gained of the enemy's positions in that section.

As it was pretty well cleared of the enemy's troops, I thought that Tappan's brigade and Harrison's cavalry force would be sufficient to open and keep up communication With Vicksburg. I instructed Brigadier General Hebert to have as supply of beef cattle ready to win across in order to victual the troops. If general Johnston, and the enemy should retreat, as they would have to do, from a point below Vicksburg, a considerable force could be highly available along the WEST light batteries could only be used against his transports. I have for the present suspended the withdraw of Walker's DIVISION, and shall hold it in its present position until the enemy's movement and the condition of affairs around Vicksburg are more fully deployed. As there are troops enough in the lower portion of the State for the expedition against the enemy, who is opposite Port Hudson, it in not necessary at this moment of my report form Richmond. I shall either take command in person of the expedition against Banks' army opposite Port Hudson, or, of the enemy attempts to cross below Vicksburg, of the forces in Madison Parish. My experience of the past weeks satisfies me that it is necessarrely upon myself not only to devise the plans, but also to execute them in order to insure their being carried out vigorously.

On my arrival here I received several Reports from Brigadier-General Moulton substance of which has been communicated to you by Major Surget, which are exceedingly unsatisfactory, and initiate that no movements, commensurate With the forces under his command have been made, and that little activity has bene displayed. by that command . While an excellent officer on the field, of great gallantry and fair qualifications, he is, I fear unequal to the task of handing and disposing of any large body of troops and I shall, therefore, at the earliest practicable moment, give my personal supervision to that command. From General Mount's Reports I am quite in the dark as

