
to the condition of affairs on the Lower Teche, and as to the presence or absence of the enemy's troops on this side of Berwick Bay.

I have sent one of my staff officers to communicate in person With General Johnston, and instructed him to give to that officer a statement of the disposition of our forces, and ascertain in what manner I could best do-operate With him from this side of the river.

I have to day sent a battery of fight artillery to Brigadier-General Hebert which will place twelve pieces in the command of that officer. I do not include the artillery of General Walker's DIVISION.

Very respectfully, your obedient,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

This report captains a clear statement of the expedition against Milliken's Bend by General Taylor, which awakened so much hope, and which is here shown to have been abortive.

Headquarters DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,

Washington

October 15, 1863.

GENERAL: It is has just bene brought to May attention by Major General J. G. Walker that the language of my report touching operations near Milliken's Bend reflects on him. He learns this form one of his staff just from Richmond. As I have not a copy of the report before me verify the original word used, I respectfully ask the lieutenant-general commanding to convey to the War Department the statement that nothing in the report was intended to reflect, directly or indirectly on General Walker. The plan was minie, and the position held by General Walker was strictly in accordance With my orders. The misconception existing at Richmond is calculated to injure unjustly a meritorious officer, and I ask that this communication be forwarded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

Number 8. Reports of Major General J. G. Waler, c. S. Army, commanding DIVISION, of attacks on Young's Point and Milliken's Bend and operations June 10-July 10. Headquarters WALER'S DIVISION.

Richmond, La.,

June 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the Reports of Brigadier Gens. H. E. McCulloch and J. M. Hawes of the operations of their respective brigades in this vicinity. In regard to the former, nothing could have been more admirable that he gallantry displayed by officers and men, and the failure of complete success was owing principally to the want of local knowledge and the incompetency to the guide. The great strength of the position and t extreme difficulty of carrying it bay a coup de main will be better understood by referring to the accompanying rough diagram.

---------------

*See opposite PAGE .

---------------

