
enemy, defended by there gunboats, are the reason assigned by Brigadier-General Hawes. I am satisfied that the conviction must have been overpowering that the attack would fail after a small sacrifice of life, or he would not have taken the responsibility he did.

In conclusion, in must be remembered that the enemy, behind a Mississippi levee, protected on the flanks by gunboats is as secretly posted as it is possible to be outside a regular fortification.

I am, sir, respectfully,&amp;C.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General,

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria,

June 27, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, With accompanying documents, Reports of brigade commanders, and diagram. The report of Brigadier-General Hawes shows that, although ample time was give for his command to reach the enemy's point, five hours were lost in finding a bridge which was only 6 miles distant, whole guides and mounted men were furnished who could easily have obtained the deal. The failure to carry out positive instructions on the part of the brigade commander prevented the success of the movement against Young's Point. Brigadier-General McCulloch, his officers, and men displayed great bravery, but the injuctious handling of the troops prevented the attainment of the results which were anticipated. I am satisfied that in the plan which was laid out had been executed as ordered, the movement would have been a complete success. Nothing appears in this report to alter the opinion expressed in my communication of the instant to the Lieutenant-general commanding.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, commanding.

This report and the indorsement indicate such failure to execute orders as should not be overlooked.

J. D. JEFFERSON DAVIS.

SEPTEMBER 9, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Should there be a court of inquiry or a court marital, or would it be better simply to relieve Brigade-General Hawes.

J. A. S. SEDDON,

Secretary.

SEPTEMBER 15, 1863.

If a court is to be ordered it had batter be a general court martial on charges to be performed by General Taylor. General Smith is competent to order such couth, not being himself the accuser. If General Hawes is relieved instead of resigned to a bridge, the then loses his rank as brigadier-general.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1863.

Wrote to General Smith either to relive or order it, at his option.

J. . A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

30 R R-VOL XXIV, pt. II

