
Number 9. Report of Brigadier General Henry E. McCulloch, c. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of attack on Milliken's Bend. Headquarters MCCULLOCH'S BRIGADE, Richmond, l; a. June 8, 1863.

According to orders, on the night of the 6th my brigade took up the line of march for Milliken's Bend, to attack the Yankee forte at that place.

We advanced to within about 1. 1/2 miles at 2. 30 a. m. on the 7th instant, when the enemy's pickets fired upon my cavalry scouts and skirmishers. The cavalry scouts fell back precipitantly upon the skirmishers, amid the fire, of the enemy, which led the skirmishers to suppose them a portion of the enemy's cavalry, consequently they turned upon them, killing two of their horses and wounding a THIRD. Fortunately no man was killed or wounded by this fire. My skirmishers immediately pressed forward driving the pickets of the enemy before them. We advanced but a quarter of mile farther when the enemy's skirmisher in considerable force opened upon us under cover of a thick hedge. A portion of the command was immediately thrown in line, moved forward, and drove the enemy from his lurking place to the next hedge, about 600 yards farther and thus the fight or skirmishing continued from hedge to hedge and ditch to ditch until within 25 places of the main levee on the bank of the Mississippi River, where the charge was ordered. Here we encountered a thick hedge, which could not be passed except through a few gaps or breaches that had been made for gates and pass-ways. These had to be passed by the troops the best they could, never fronting more than half a company before a line could be formed to charge the levee, which was the breastwork of the enemy, 10 feet high, and in several places had a layer of cotton bales on top, making a very formidable and secure work of defense. The line was formed under a heavy fire form the enemy, and the troops charged the breastworks, carrying it instantly killing and wounding many of the enemy by their deadly fire, as well as the bayonet. This charge was resisted by the negro portion of the enemy position. There were several instances in this charge where the enemy crossed bayonets With us or were shot down at the muzzle of the musket. No charge was ever more gallantly made this, and the enemy were not only driven from the levee, but were followed into their camp, where many of them were killed.

In this charge Colonel Waterhouse With his regiment distinguished themselves particularly, not only by a gallant and desperate charge over the levee, but they drove the enemy leaving the camp covered With the dead to the very bank of the river, and within short and to the end of the engagement, the colonel behaved in the most gallant manner, and his officers and men seemed to catch the enthusiasm of their commander, and did their duty nobly ; and gallantly upon every portion of the field.

Colonel Allen's regiment was immediately on the left of Colon Waterhouse, and Colonel William regiment under the command of Lieutenant Colonel was immediately on the left of Colonel Allen. Both of these regiments, officers and men, conducted themselves in the most praiseworthy and gallant manner,

