
advancing colly an steadily, forming and charging in the most gallant style under a heavy and destructive fire of the enemy, during all of which the officers distinguished themselves for coolness and courage, and their men for a determination to conquer or die.

Colonel Allen was slightly wounded, but never left this post. Lieut. Colonel Gregg and Major Diamond, of Colonel Fitzhugh's regiment, were both wounded too badly to admit of their remaining in command, which left the regiment without a field officer, it did not destroy their usefulness or dampen their ardor, upon the contrary, seemed to make them fight the more fiercely, and under the command of Captain Woods and their respective company commanders, they continued to fight steadily on until the close of the action.

Colonel Flournoy's regiemnt was not in the principal charge upon the enemy's works, but performed good service afterward, assisted by small portions of the other three regiments, in driving the enemy from an angle in the levee, and log and brush barricade which commander a considerable portion of our line, and from which they were pouring a heavy fire upon us. This position was of too much importance to the enemy to be given up without a desperate struggle, while we were suffering too much by his occupation by them to allow its continuance hence they were driven from it by assault With considerable slaughter. During the balance of the day this important point was held by Colonel Flournoy's regiment, and although they were more exposed to the fire of the gunboats than any other portion of my command, the regiment behaved itself well and sustained its character for courage and gallantry.

Major Allen, of Colonel Allen's regiment, was placed in command of the skirmishers during the advance, and as his command and that of Colonel Flournoy was not under my immediate observation during the whole engagement, I have called upon them for official Reports which I respectfully forward, and to which beg leave respectfully to call the attention of the major-general commanding.

There were too many instances of individual coolness, courage, and gallantry to mention in this report, but the services or Captain Marokd, of Colonel Flournoy's regiment, and Private Shultz, of the band, of the same regiment, deserve notice. During the engagement some fears were entertained by a portion of the officers of the command that the enemy would or were attempting to turn our left flank. To quiet this apprehension and drive some negroes from some houses from which his Company and captured 19 Negroid, all of which were at or in the vicinity of the houses from which we had been several times fired reconnaissance of ditches, hedges, and fields in and about our battlefield. These Negroid had doubtless been in the possession of the enemy and would have been a clear loss to their own but for Captain Marold, and should they be forfeited to the Confederate States or returned to their owners, I would regard it nothing but fair to give to Captain Marold one or two the best of them.

Mr. Shultz begin on duty With the surgeon's infantry corps, he was ent With Dr. Cocke's horse to a house for some cistern water for the wounded. When he arrived at the house, he found himself surrounded by a company of armed negroes in full United Sates uniform commanded by a Yankee captain, who took him prisoners. The captain asked him where the main body of our troops were. He pointed at once to the southwest, in an entirely different direction form where we

