
were then engaged With the enemy. The captain them observed that, only portion of our command being present it might be possible for him to get through our lines to the transports. Shultz told him he could easily do son, and proffered to show him the was to avoid us. The Yankee suffered himself to be humbugged by our German youth, or young man, and he led him and his artillery company of 49 negroes through small gaps in thick hedges until they would themselves w- yards of Colonel Allen's regiment who took them all prisoners without the fire of a gun. Thus by his shrewdness the young Dutchman released himself and threw into our hands 1 Yankee captain and 49 negroes fully armed and equipped as soldiers, and if such things are admissible, I think he should have a choice boy from among these fellows to cook and wash for him and his mess during the war, and to work for him as long as the negro lives. And as the horse of Dr. Cocke was lost in the praiseworthy effort to procure water for our wounded, another of these fellow might be well and properly turned over to him to compensate him for his loss.

My loss in this engagement was 44 killed, 139 wounded, and 109 MISSING. Several of the wounds are mortal, and many others so serous as to render recovery doubtful while in proportion to the number more are severe and fewer slight than I have ever witness among the same number more are severe and fewer slight than I have ever witnessed among the same number in my former military experienced. This makes my casualties 184, embracing, 2 officers killed, viz. Lieut. Thomas Beaver, of Colonel Allen's regiment and Lieut. B. W. Hampton, of Colonel Fitzburg's regiment, and 10 wounded viz, colonel Allen, Lieutenant Colonel Fitzburg's Major Diamond, captains Petty, McDowell, and Tolbert, lieutenants Bezel, wasddill, Dickerman, and James M. Tucker, which in and exceedingly heavy loss but nothing to compare With that of the enemy. It is true that no certain or satisfactorily estimate could be made of the loss of the enemy, buy I or satisfactory estimate could be made of the loss of the enemy, but I know, form the dead and wounded that I as scattered over the field in the rear of the levee, and those upon and immediately behind, it must have been over a thousand.

My full strength on the battle-field did not exceed 1,500 men, while that of the enemy must have been over twice, if not three times, that number placed by three gunboats that were kept constantly playing shot and shell upon us during the whole engagement.

The attack was made under verbal orders form Major-General Taylor to engage the enemy before day and carry his works at the point of the bayonet, which orders were doubtless base upon information received which led him to believe that three was only one battalion of Yankee cavalry and one of negro infantry at the camp, without any batteries of field artillery or gunboats, while I have no doubt that the enemy were fully apprised of our approach, had made full preparations to receive us, and had received are-enforcements of three transport loads of troops during the night before. I was entirely misinformed by our guide With regard to the ground over which we had to advance. Instead of finding it a smooth, open field without obstructions, I found the ground exceedingly rough covered With small running briars and tievenies, through which infantry could scarcely march and so much cut up With ditches and obstructed With hedges that it was impracticable to make any well regulated military movement upon it, and under all the circumstances, I would not have been the least surprised if we had made an entire failure, and nothing but the best and bravest fighting, under the providence of God, could have crowned our efforts With even partial success.

