
at once corrected. I was not succeeded by Boomer's and Holmes' brigades, or by any other brigade or command, but remained upon the field and helped fight the battle to victory. Those commands were reenforcements sent to my support. If there be the shadow of a doubt upon this point, let a court of inquiry be at once convened. The truth is, that the final repulse given to the enemy on the brow of the hill is to be attributed almost entirely to the enfilading fire of sixteen pieces of artillery, described in my report.

I herewith send you copies of my report and the reports of General McGinnis and Colonel Slack, with the parts marked which bear upon the question*. I feel confident that neither Major-General Grant nor Major-General McClernand would intentionally do me the injustice that this dispatch contains.

Trusting and believing that justice will be done to all, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding TWELFTH DIVISION.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

[Inclosure.]

Official report of the battles of Baker's Creek and Black River Bridge.

WASHINGTON, May 24.

The following official details of the battle of the Black River Bridge have been received:

IN THE REAR OF Vicksburg,

May 20-a. M.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Grant won a great and momentous victory over the rebels, under Pemberton, on the Jackson and Vicksburg Railroad, at Baker's Creek, on the 16th instant. Pemberton had a most formidable position on the crest of a wooded hill, over which the road passed longitudinally. He had about 25,000 men. The battle began about 11 a. m., and was gained at 4. p. m. The brunt was borne by Hovey's DIVISION, of McClernand's corps, and Logan's and Crocker's DIVISIONS, of McPherson's corps. Hovey attacked the hill, and held the greater part of it until 2. p. m., when, having lost 1,600 men, he was succeeded by Boomer's and Holmes' brigades, of Crocker's DIVISION, by which the conflict was ended in that part of the field. Boomer lost 500 men. Logan operated on the right and cut off the enemy's direct retreat, so that he was compelled to escape by his right flank throughout the woods. Logan lost 400 killed and wounded. We took about 2,000 prisoners.

On the 17th, advancing to the Big Black, we fought Pemberton again at the bridge, and captured 3,000 more prisoners. He fought in riflepits, protected by a difficult bayou full of abatis. Lawler's brigade, of McClernand's corps, charged the rifle-pits magnificently, and took more prisoners than their own number. He lost 500 killed and wounded.

McPherson, who holds the center, lost but little, as did McClernand, who holds the left,

---------------

*Nothing marked on either of these reports on file.

---------------

