
During this engagement the officer and men of my command behaved most galanty, deserving the gratitude of the country and highest commendation of their commanders, and I am perfectly satisfied that here in not a troop in the Confederate States of the same number that could have done better fighting under the same circumstances.

During the day's fighting Captain Benjamin E. Benton, assistant adjutant-general, and Major Eale, brigade commissary and acting aide-de-camp and Major W. G. King, brigade quartermaster, of my regular staff, rendered me great service, and Captain W. D. Mitchell, forage mater, who acted as volunteer aide-de-camp also, who bore frequent and important messages form me during the day to different portions of the field, frequently under heavy fire. Captain Benton and Major Earl were about my person except when absent under orders, and were exposed to the fire of the enemy from beginning to the close of the battle. Both of these officers acted With great gallantry throughout the day. Captain Benton participated in every forward movement and charge, moving amid the troops on horseback, constantly urging them on to the enemy.

Great credit is due ; the surgical corps of the brigade and Surgeon Belall, of the DIVISION for efficient services to the wounded especially to Dr. William P. Head, of Colonel Fitzburg's regiment, and Dr. William Cocke, of Colonel Flournoy's regiment who were not only the most active and energetic in their attentions to and operations on the wounded but went upon the field at the beginning of the fight, and organized their respective corps and put them in operation. My thanks are tendered to the medical officers of COLONEL Randal's brigade for the kind and efficient services rendered my suffering companions in arms on the day of the battle.

Accompanying this report will be found a complete list of the killed, wounded, and MISSING, made from the Reports of regimental commanders. My loss is truly deplorable, and my very heart sickens at his contemplation. But the scathing ordeal through which my little brigade was compelled to pass has increased my confidence in and love or them, and makes me anxious to see them have at least one fair chance to meet the enemy where they can gain a complete cicotry to compensate them for the gallant fighting they have done and always will do when called upon to meet the foe.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General Commanding Brigade.

Major R. P. MACKAY, Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

Return of Casualties in McCulloch's brigade in the engagement at Milliken's Bend, June 7, 1863.

Killed Wounded MISSING

Command	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Aggre

 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 gate

16th Texas	 ---	 2	 ---	 5	 ---	 ---	 7

17th Texas*	 1	 20	 4	 64	 ---	 3	 92

19th Texas	 ---	 2	 ---	 11	 ---	 6	 19

16th Texas	 1	 18	 6	 41	 1	 ---	 67

Cavalry+

Total	 2	 42	 10	 121	 1	 9	 185

---------------

*Lieutenant Thomas Beaver killed.

+Lieutenant B. W. Hampton killed.

---------------

