
Number 10. Reports of Brigadier General J. M. Hawes, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of attack (7th) on Young's Point. Headquarters HAWES'S BRIGADE WALER'S DIVISION, In Camp near Richmond La. June 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to verbal instructions from the major-general commanding DIVISION to proceed With my make an attempt on the Federal camp at that point, send off my the road on which I advanced all the captured property that it would be possible to move, then to move up the Mississippi River 4 miles to Duckport establish communication With Brigadier General Henry E. McCulloch at or no the road from Milliken

's Bend, and retire toward Richmond by the Duckport and Richmond road until a junction was made With the general commanding and the reserve under Colonel Horace Randal on said road, I marched at 7 a. m. on the 6th instant, With my brigade consisting of the eight twenty-SECOND, and eighteenth regiments Texas infantry, diminished BY TWO COMPANIES, and HAVING AG AGGREGATE strength of 1,403. A cavalry detachment under Lieutenant Amos Major Harrison's battalion of Louisiana cavalry, was attached to the command. Lieutenant Amos was recommended to me by Major-General Taylor, commanding district, as a suitable guide his home being on Walnut Bayou, on the line of march, and about 11 miles from Young's Point. Two other men, said to be familiar With the road and vicinity of Young's point, were With the detachment. I found these guides inefficient and useless to me.

At 11. 30 p,. M the command reached Mrs. Amos' plantation, 111 miles from Young's Point. There I found the bridge over Walnut Bayou destroyed. Lieutenant Amos told me there was not other way and no other bridge over the bayou. Subsequently I heard of a brigade 6 miles above and sent officers to examine int. We were detained until 4 o'clock on the morning of the 7th in getting information about the bridge 6 miles above Mr. 	Amos, which was found in good order.

At 10. 30 on the 7th, I commenced driving in the small picket of the enemy stationed 1. 3/4 miles from their camp. After driving the pickets for a short distance, formed a line of battle With two regiments, keeping one in reserve, and advanced toward the enemy' camp, which from the information given my by guide was about a mile distant, and approachable through woods. After advancing the l8 lines a quarter of mile, crossing two small bayous and one large one the command debouched on to a level plain destitute of trees of brush in full view of a large camp of the enemy, situated below Young's Point, about 1. 1/2 miles distant form my lines the information of the quiet that the camp of the enemy was approaching through and near to woods being entirely incorrect. I pushed my lines on to this plain half a mile making a reconnaissance of the enemy's camp and the MISSISSIPPI River as the command advanced. Three gunboats of the enemy were in position to defend the camp. The enemy re-enforced the camp on which I was moving With what appeared to be three regiments of infantry. As soon as I became satisfied of the presence of the gunboats, orders were given to retire the regiments on to the woods to my left, and rear, and opposite to Young's Point. While this movement was being accomplished, the enemy moved their regiments back to Young's Point, and soon afterward commenced shelling from their gunboats the woods between me

