
and Young's Point. After taking the position in the woods, I found about 500 of my men were rendered unfit for duty form exhaustion, occasioned by the excessive heat. About 200 of these 500 had to be carried to the rear. Knowing that General MCCULLOCH HAD withdrawn from MILLIKEn's Bend without carrying the position, and had asked for reenforcements, and that the general commanding DIVISION had marched to his assistance With Colonel Randa's brigade, and that I could not carry the camp an destroy the stores there without a useless sacrifice of life, I determined to retire by the road I came. By the 6 p. m. I halted my command at the bridge over Walnut Bayou, having brought all my sick to that point. Soon after reaching the bridge, instructions were received from the general commanding division to join him With my brigade at the point of Walnut bayou where the MILLIKEn's Bend and Young's Point roads forked. After resting my command from 6 p. Mn. till 12 midnight, the brigade marched, and made the junction referred to at 5 a. m. on the 8th.

It is useless to state that the brigade suffered no loss, as a portion of my sharpshooters only were engaged With a small picket qurg of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HAWES,

Brigadier-General.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 8-9, 1863. -Expedition from Pocahontas, Tenn., to Ripley, MISS.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, NINTH Illinois Infantry,

SIR: I have to report than, in accordance With orders form the headquarters of this brigade, I left the camp of this regiment at 8 a. m. of the 8th instant, With six companies of my command, and after reporting at brigade headquarters was joined With 30 men, in charge of a Lieutenant from the Engineer Regiment, With 10 wagons. I moved to a point about 7 miles from Ripley Mill and returned bringing in 10 wagons loaded With forage 4 mules, 2 horses 97, sheep, and 38 head of cattle, which were turned over to the post quartermaster on my arrival here at this pot.

From information received, I do not believe that there is any force near Ripley, except Falkner's regiment which I believe is scattered in the Hatchie hills. There are some men below Ripley belonging to Chalmer's command, who are a few miles distant from Ripley, through not in strong force.

On my return fro near Ripley, I was followed by Sol. Street With between 2-0 and 30 men who followed up to within 5 miles out of this place, but whenever a party was sent in pursuit they would take refuge in the woods adjoining.

I am of opinion that there is no force of any consequence within 40 miles of this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

Lieutenant RANDOLPH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

