
JUNE 12-14, 1863. -Expedition from Pocahontas, Tenn., to New Albany and Ripley, MISS., and skirmishes.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, NINTH Illinois Infantry.

Pocahontas, Tenn.

June 16, 1863.

SIR: I have report that, in accordance to orders form the headquarters Second Brigade SECOND DIVISION, post of Pocahontas, I left this post, With my command and another section of Tannrath's battery, at 12 m. Friday, the 12th instant, and marched 20 miles on the Ripley road.

On the morning of the 13th, moved to Ripley, and form there to NEW Albany, thence forward Ripley 6 miles camping for the night. At Orizaba a slight skirmish took place between my advance and a small party of rebels, in which we captured 2 or 3 prisoners. After arriving party of rebels, in which we captured 2 or 3 prisoners. After arriving at NEW Albany, we destroyed several back, and wagon shops and one sotre-room in which was stored a quantity of ordnance stores, in which several hundred pounds of powder was stored.

On the return from New Albany my advance met another small party of rebels, when another slight affair took place, in which we took several prisoners. During the expedition we captured about 15 horses, 7 mules and brought in 15 negroes.

In obedience to orders received at my camp near NEW Albany, I RETURNED TO THIS place, arriving at 8 p. m. on the 14th instant, having marched near 10 miles.

I append hereto an exhibit list of prisoners. Also letter containing information of forces of the enemy where stationed With a statement of means of information, and also forward herewith a mail which was captured, in charge of the prisoner Boynd.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Commanding Colonel.

Lieutenant R. K. RANDOLPH,

Acting Assistant-General.

Number 12. JUNE 13-22, 1863. -Operations in Northeastern Mississippi, including skirmishes (19th) at New Albany and (20th) at Mud Creek.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Major General Richard J. Oglesby, U. S. Army.

Number 2. -Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, NINTH Illinois Infantry, commanding expedition. K

Number 3. -Captain William C. Kueffner, NINTH Illinois Infantry.

Number 4. -Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Sheldon, Eighteenth Missouri Infantry.

Number 5. -Major Joseph C. Smith, FIFTH Ohio Cavalry.

Number 6. -Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army.

Number 1. Re Major General Richard J. OGLESBEY, U. S. Army. LA GRANGE, Tenn. June 22, 1863.

GENERAL: Colonel Phillips has returned. He had a severe fight on the 20th instant With a heavy force of the enemy. He lost 28 killed and

---------------

*Exhibit A, omitted, shows 5 soldiers and 3 citizens captured.

+Exhibit B (captured), not found.

---------------

