
wounded; Major Smith, FIFTH Ohio Cavalry, wounded. The force he met were marching on our road. The men fought splendidly. Will send you full particulars as soon as I hear from Dodge. Philips took 30 prisoners, 1 Lieutenant-COLONEL. /

Ruggles, With another column of 2,000 men, on the KELLY'S Mills ROAD, was moving up, but turned back after the fight. As soon as Mixzner returns, I will took after them again.

R. . OGLESBY,

Major-General.

General HURLBUT,

COMMANDING SIXTEENTH Corps.

LA GRANGE,

June 22, 1863.

Dodge says Spence has returned . HE met Inge, strongly re-enforced, With nine battalions, gong toward Roddey. Say a force ins moving north from Okolona, and thinks a movement is being made on our road by Biffle, Roddey, Ruggles, and Chalmers.

We passed through Inge's column after night, and got in without loss of a man.

Colonel Philips Reports his main fight at Rocky Ford. Rugglers had 2,000 infantry and 1,000 cavalry. Ruggler's infantry line was 800 yards long, in two ranks. He drove Philips back With 1,000 cavalry and five pieces of artillery. Philips says we army look our for a movement on our railroad soon. He retreated from Fairview, 5 miles WEST to Rocky Ford and found it blockaded, so that he had much trouble to get over. Had to burn his wagons. IT looks very much like movement against us. If this be so, we must be acting.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

General HURLBUT.

LA GRANGE,

June 23, 1863.

GENERAL: My scout just in from Ripley, Reports the enemy did not follow Philips north of Rocky Ford are still 27 miles southwest of Ripple. They killed 7 and wounded 90 of Phillip, s men. It was a very severe fight-550 against over 2,000 . Scout says they only acknowledge 1 killed and several wounded. Dodge Reports a force in his front at Booneville, does not state amount. I shall send out all the companies I can spare toward Ripley to day. Think they have gone back, or gone to Booneville.

R. JL. OGLESBY,

Major-General,

Major-General HURLBUT.

Number 2. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Philips, NINTH Illinois Infantry, commanding expedition., CAMP TWO MILES EAST OF RIPLEY, June 18, 1863.

COLONEL: I reached Ripley at 11 a. m. Learned that a force of rebel cavalry 1,500 strong, With hour pieces of artillery, mountain howitzer had moved up the Tallahatchee River and then down the Hatchiem, making

