
for Kelly's Mills, which is 9 miles east of Rip; ley on the Guntown road. I left Ripley and moved on the Middleton road northeast, and was joined by the FIFTH Ohio. Colonel Miller's force has not yet come up . This rebel force is moving toward you at Pocahontas. I will check them if possible. My information is form a very reliable source.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

Colonel MERSY,

COMMANDING.

P. S. -Half past ; three o'clock, colonel Miller's force has not yet joined me. I will send dispatch when he arrives. With his force I can whip them.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG, SECOND DIV. SIXTEENTH A, C.

Pocahontas, Tenn.,July 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith transmit Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Philips, formal report of his late expedition.

I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

August MERSY.

Colonel NINTH Illinois Infantry, commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE E. SPENCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth.

[Indorsement.]

Headquarters LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Memphis, teen,

July 5, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. I will state that this expedition was ordered to make a demonstration toward Ilolona, whilst ; Colonel J. K, Mizner move against Panodla that the same time, and that the expedition was entirely satisfactory and produced the desired result.

R. J. OGLESBY

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Headquarters NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY.

Pocahontas, Tenn.,

June 29, 1863.

SIR: I have to report that, in accordance With orders from the headquarters of the Second Brigade, second DIVISION, I left this place at 11 p. m. on the 17th instant, With the NINTH Illinois Infantry and one section of Yannrath's battery Company I, first Missouri Light Artillery., I marched all night, and arrived at Ripley at 11 a. m. on the 18th in four pieces of artillery and moved up ; the Tallahatchee River and them down the Hatchie River on the 17th infantry, and were supposed to be intending to move toward the Memphis and Charleston road.

I left Ripley at 12 o'clock and moved east, and was joined by a battalion of the FIFTH Ohio Cavalry, major Smith commanding, and I then halted and awaited the arrival of a detachment of the Eighteenth Missouri Volunteers,, which joined me at 3. 30 p. m. With their force, the NINTH Illinois Infantry With an regiment of 275 men Captain Kueffner commanding, battalion of the FIFTH Ohio Cavalry and aggregate of 125 men. Major Smith the detachment form the Eighteenth Missouri Infantry mounted With an aggregate of 180 men, Lieutenant-Colonel Sheldon commanding and one section of Tannrath's battery, lieutenant Bruner commanding.

