
here waited for them to renew the attack; but, With the exception of artillery firing nothing was done.

I moved then to Rocky Ford, thence on the Ripley road until I reached the Salen road, then moved on Ripley and Holly Springs road until we crossed the Tippah River, and from thence through Salem, camping 9 miles from Ripley; thence to this place, crossing Big Muddy at Alexander's Bridge, arriving her at 1 p. m. on the 22nd instant.

I lost during the action and expedition, 10 men, in killed and MISSING, from the NINTH Illinois Infantry, and 11 wounded. The FIFTH Ohio lost 9 wounded. I append hereto the Reports of regimental and detachment commanders, marked Exhibit A,* as also a list of killed, wounded, and MISSING, marked Exhibit B.

I append hereto a list of prisoners taken during the expedition, marked Exhibit C.

The loss of the enemy must have been greatly superior to ours, as they were the attacking party, and necessarily more exposed than my men, and must have sustained a loss of over 100 in killed and wounded.

In conclusion, I desire to specially mention and return my thanks to Lieutenant Colonels Sheldon, whose services were invaluable to me, first, in supporting the artillery, then getting possession of positions, which was always promptly done; to Major Smith, for the prompts manner in which he met the first attack and made disposition of his battalion accordingly. Although wounded, remaining on the field during the engagement; Captain Kueffner, who did the heaviest part of thehe coolness and bravery With which he managed the line of skirmishers, adding to his already well earned reputation as a brave man and efficient officer, I am greatly indebted. I desire also to mention Lieutenant Overturf, whose coolness and bravery inspired his men With Lieutenant Overtful, whose coolness and bravery inspired his men With true courage. Lieutenant Brunner, owing to the ground, was not able to use both his guns much of the time, but the management of his gun was creditable to him as an artillery officer.

The men of the command are deserving of the greatest praise for the energy and fortitude with which they made the laborious and difficult march, and were ever ready and anxious for a fight, and always did their duty.

The dense undergrowth, the nature of the ground, both in my rear and flanks, rendered it impossible to use but a small part of my force at a time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

Lieutenant R. K. RANDOLPH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 3. Report of Captain William C. Kueffner, NINTH Illinois Infantry. CAMP near Pocahontas, Tenn., June 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part which the NINTH Regiment Illinois Infantry took in an expedition toward Pontotock, while under my command: The regiment having left Pocahontas on the evening of the 17th

---------------

*See Reports following.

+Omitted.

---------------

