
effect at Rocky Ford, and in the ensuing night the Tippah, With much labor, was also crossed.

On the 21st, the column marched via Salem to a point about 25 miles south of Pocahontas, which latter place we reached in the afternoon of the 22nd instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM C. KUEFFNER,

Captain NINTH Regiment Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. PHILIPS,

Commanding Expedition.

Number 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Sheldon, eighteenth Missouri Infantry. POST, Chewalla, Tenn. June 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by the battalion of the Eighteenth Missouri Volunteers, under my command, in the recent scout in the direction of Pontotoc.

In pursuance to orders from General Dodge, I left camp at 5. 30 p. m. of 17th instant, and proceeded 7 miles, where I was forced to halt on account of the darkness. At daybreak the next morning I moved on, and reported to you in the course of the afternoon.

During the action of the 19th instant at Mud Creek, my command was in advance, but was by our orders detailed to support the artillery until it was withdrawn from the swamp. The subsequent movements of my command being well known to yourself, if will be unnecessary to particularize.

In conclusion, I desire to call attention to the general good behavior of the enlisted men under circumstances of peculiar hardship, they having been almost entirely destitute of rations, and without opportunity to a procure and adequate supply, and to return thanks to yourself for your uniform kindness to myself and men.

I have also to report the capture of 4 prisoners now here and 20 horses, which were used to replace those broken down on the trip.

I am, sir, very respectfully. Your obedient servant,

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Missouri Vols. Comdg. Mounted Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. PHILLIPS, commanding Night Illinois Volunteers.

Number 5. Report of Major Joseph C. Smith, FIFTH Ohio Cavalry. IN HOSPITAL, Camp DAVIS, MISS., June 24, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to order form headquarters of the district, through Colonel P. E. Brake, commanding the post, I left my camp at 8 p. m. of the 17th instant, With 125 men and six day's rations, under instructions to report to you in Ripley at daylight 18th instant. Owing to the darkness of the night, and a severe storm raging, together With

