
and Private Patrick Hinchey wounded in arm. Company H. -Sergt. J. Clark wounded in leg and Private Jacob Fos wounded in right shoulder. Company I-Private Jacob Wiltman wounded With buckshot in side. Company K-Private Charles A. Hedges buck-shot wound in head, and Private Patrick Dunican wounded in side. Five horses were killed, besides several wounded.

My officers and man behaved With gallantry and coolness, and to my entire satisfaction.

I desire especially to mention SECOND Lieutenant Joseph E. Overturf, of Squadron H, commanding rear guard, and Corporal Edward Denny, of his squadron, who commanded the rear vedettes, and had his horse shot dead under him. By their coolness and bravery I was enabled to form in line of battle. I also desire to mention Sergt. E. C. Little, of Squadron K, whose coolness and officers I had, in inspire men With courage, and enabling them to repulse the enemy.

To Captain Murray, who commanded the men after they were dismounted, I also return my thanks. I respectfully refer you to his report of the remainder of the march, as to the taken by my command in it.

In conclusion, I congratulate you that, in view of the disparity of numbers With that of the enemy, the great disadvantages of the position in which he attacked you, and the difficult roads over which you had to travel in your succeeded in relieving your command With comparatively small loss, and so punishing the enemy that he was afraid to follow you.

I am, very respectfully, yours, ever,

J. C. SMITH,

Major FIFTH Ohio Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. PHILIPS,

Commanding Expedition.

Number 6. Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, c. S. Army. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Dept. OF MISS. AND EAST La., Headquarters in the Field Okolona, MISS., June 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state, for the information of the general commanding the department, that on the 4th instant I received official notice that Governor Pettus had ordered Colonel J. F. Smith's regiment and Major T. W. Ham's battalion MISSISSIPPI State troops to be turned over, to the Confederate authorities, and an inspector was immediately ordered to inspect them preparatory tho their reception. Only 35 men of Ham's battalion could be assembled, and Smith's entire regiment, which had been stationed near New Albany, disbanded on the 9th or 10th before any inspection could be made.

To cover the country and reassure the people, on the 13th instant I marched a portion of my troops, With two sections of J. A. Owen's light battery and four prairie pieces, to the locality previously occupied by Smith's State troops. Arriving at Pontotoc myself after dark of that day, I very soon had information that the enemy, With a force variously estimated at from 500 to 1,500 men, With artillery, had advanced to New Albany, 19 miles distant, and burned all the business houses,

31 R R-VOL XXIV, pT II

