
Number 4. -Colonel La Fayette McCrillis, THIRD Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Number 5. -Colonel Edward Hatch, SECOND Iowa Cavalry, commanding SECOND Cavalry Brigade.

Number 6. -Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert Moyers, THIRD Michigan Cavalry.

Number 7. -Lieutenant Colonel Bazil D., meek, eleventh Illinois Cavalry Bridge.

Number 8. -Colonel David Moore, commanding Fourth Brigade, FIFTH DIVISION SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Number 9. -Captain Francis T. Moore, second Illinois Cavalry, of action on the Coldwater.

Number 10. -Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, c. S. Army, commanding district.

Number 11. -Brigadier General J. Z. George, Mississippi Militia.

Number 1. Report of Major General Stephen A. Hurbult, U. S. Army, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps. MEMPHIS, Tenn., June 16, 1863.

COLONEL: Nineteen hundred cavalry left La Grange this morning to go, by Wyatt, south of Tallahatchee; break the railroad south of Panola; turn on Chalmers; sweep the country of horses, mules, negroes, and the next crop of wheat, and work back With the results. Immediately after this I shall send a force to Okolona on the same errand.

Biffle crossed the Tennessee at Cumberland, and had broken the railroad and telegraph wires for miles beyond Bolivar. Cornyn is after him.

The late expedition of Colonel Coryn across the Tennessee at and near Florence was very brilliantly successful and the loss inflicted very heavy.

I will send official report when you have time to read it.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Headquarters SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Memphis, Tenn.,

June 20, 1863.

COLONEL: I wrote some day's since of my intention of sending a cavalry force below the Tallahatchee. In pursuance of this, colonel Mizner, With 1,900 mounted men, left La Grange on Tuesday 16th With instructions to cross at Wyatt, break the railroad below Panola, sweep round, and break up Chalmer's forces at Panola and Belmont.

Having learned on Wednesday that a force, With two pieces of artillery, had moved from Panola to Commerce, I ordered Major Henry, FIFTH Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, to proceed With about 400 cavalry south on Hernando and Coldwater to diver this force form our boats, threaten their lines, and communicate With Mizner, if the country was clear. He left on Wednesday; since that time I have no official report form him. On yesterday, stragglers from the command came in, and are till coming, who report that Major Henry allowed himself to be surrounded and surprised in camp 3 miles below Hernando. If the facts

