
are as stated, great criminality attaches to the commanding officer, who went deliberately into Camp, unsaddled, and acted as if at his ease. I fear that nearly all of the command has been cut off.

I moved out infantry last night 15 miles to form a rallying point for the broken cavalry. I have not strength enough to pursue them farther and keep my hold on Memphis.

Owing to the strange apathy of Rosecrans, my entire rear and left are open, and the rebel cavalry cross the Tennessee almost at will. They are only hindered by the gunboats, which they avoid.

Dodge and Cornyn, bu superhuman exertions, keep their range of country clear, but, which the force about Panola and near Okolona, it requires about all we can do to keep the front clear.

These bands in our rear are picking up deserters, conscripting, and carrying off cattle for Bragg.

I do not think they will try to cross in force, although three regiments and a battery are reported trying to cross at Double Island.

I will do the best I can under these circumstances, but cannot repel or punish as I would raids within my command, which must be looked for. If Mizner has been successful, it will go far toward relieving us for a time.

This irregular force below keeps close lines, and it is very difficult to ascertain the movement of the main force below. I therefore request that, as far as possible, the movements of General Johnston, looking north May be watched from your force.

I am, colonel. Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT

Major-General

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Headquarters SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Memphis, Tenn.

June 23, 1863.

COLONEL: Ruggles, inge Roddey, and Biffle are endeavoring to effect a junction, in force from Okolona to Break Creek, either to attack the Memphis and Charleston Railroad or for some other purpose. They will have when untied about fourteen pieces of artillery and probably from 8,000 to 10,000 men. Chalmers forces in also reported to under the same orders. Colonel Philips, With 6000 men, has had a severe skirmish With them below Rocky Ford.

Mizner's command crossed the Tallahatchee at Wyatt, moved down below Panola, burned the Yockeney Bridge and all the trestles to Senatobia, destroyed the ripe grain for miles, took Panola, destroyed all public and a good deal of private property there and at Senatobia and, when last heard from, the SECOND Iowa and THIRD Michigan were in sharp pursuit of the party which captured Major Henry and 75 of his cavalry. I trust they will be able to strike a severe blow upon this band. No final report has been had from them.

In the peculiarly exposed condition of this line, I have ordered General Oglesby to end in all sick from La Grange to this place, and to make Pocahontas and Moscow his points of consideration. It will not be possible to hold La Grange against an attack in force. The bridges and the situation of the country make the points selected most vital to the road.

As soon as the men are rested from their trip south, I shall direct an

