
attack to be made by the entire mounted force, supported by a bridge of infantry, on Okolona. My whole reliance now, to defend the road us upon active movements of cavalry. I am weary of looking to Rosecrans. I taking my railroad will be broken up. But there will be a comfortable list of killed and wounded when the thing is done. I have repeatedly mentioned to the major-General commanding department that I have not force to hold the line intact. I shall do my best and leave the consequences where they belong.
Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Headquarters sixteenth ARMY CORPS,

Memphis, Tenn.

June 24, 1863-11 a. m.

The enemy still keep a heavy force of cavalry hovering in my front from Okolona and Panola. I lost near Hernando 70 cavalry prisoners and 5 killed by neglect of ordinary precaution. Mizner has been at Panola since With 1,800 cavalry, and destroyed road below. He is on his return; particulars not received. Asboth sends strange Reports from Columbus; they must be very extravagant. I can learn of no organized force behind him, though the country is full of stragglers. My must be broken, and troops will be drawn to Corinth and Memphis. There are ninety days' provisions at Corinth. I will do the best I can on the line to keep it up and repel and attack, but am liable to be cut off by river or railroad, or both at any time.

S. A. Hurlbut,

Major-GENERAL.

H. W. HALLECK,

General -in Chief.

Headquarters SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Memphis, ten.,

June 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I forward herewith telegraphic report of Colonel Mizner's expedition south . It has been an eminent success. Bt breaking up the railroad, destroying corps, and bringing off horses and mules and negroes, he has succeeded in placing a wider belt of difficult country between he head of the railroad and my line, and in depriving the enemy of large supplies of wheat, now just harvested. The only misfortune attending the movement was the loss of men, horses, and arms of the party form Memphis commanded by Major Henry, FIFTH Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. Colonel Mizner was detained one day in crossing the Tallahatchee or be would have prevented or punished this. As it near Commerce. I shall move than, as soon as the weather and roads admit, in the direction of Okolona. By the terrific rains of the last two days, the country in now impassable. All the streams, ponds and bayous are full to overflowing. Asboth Reports a force across the Tennessee, and is very much disturbed about it. He in directed communi

---------------

*See p. 489.

---------------

