
cation With Washington, and, I think, will get himself into serious trouble as an alarmist. General Halleck has directed that case of a movement in force on New Madrid, Asboth shall throw his whole force there even to the abandonment of Columbus and Port Pillow. I dread to trust him With such discretion. He has very little judgment.

In the endeavor to cover the line of the Tennessee as well as my front, I am breaking down my cavalry, and were int not for the superior qualities of the officers charged With this harassing duty, I should not be able to do as much. I have repeatedly mentioned the singular activity and courage of Dodge, ably supported as he is by Cornyn and Philips.

The center cavalry brigade, under Mizner and Hatch, is doing splendidly, and With them are associated on all heavy expeditions the THIRD Fourth and NINTH Illinois, from Germantown and Collierville. The only mode in which I can at all protect this road is by cavalry movements well to the front, bu meantime, by the inactivity of the Army of the Cumberland, my rear in open, and it is extemely difficult to cover both sides With the force I have. However I, am weary of writing about Rosecrans, as it does no good, and only desire by this repetitions to put in distinctly on record in case of disaster.

There in no doubt that an attempt will be made by Price's force on the Arkansas side, and such force as can get over the Tennessee, to close the Mississippi. This movement I except to be made near Island Number 35.

In case Asboth should abandon Fort Pillow under an apprehension of attack on New Madred, without positive assurance of force there, it will be occupied, no doubt.

If is of prime necessity to the safety of your supplies that three gunboats be held in readiness, one to cruise form Island. Number 10. Memphis one from Memphis to HELENA, and one in reserve here. Captain Pennock will do nothing without orders form the admiral.

There in no doubt but the taking of Vicksburg will be a virtual abandoned of Mississippi, and will be followed by rapid movements by Johnston toward Bragg, either directly north of by falling to the line of the Tombigbee River.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieu. Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis Tenn.

June 25, 1863.

SIR: I inclose herewith a telegraphic report of Colonel J. K. Mizner's expedition south of Tallahatchee.

The force consisted of the THIRD Michigan, SECOND Iowa, THIRD Fourth and NINTH Illinois Cavalry, and part of the Eleventh Illinois. It has been a complete and brilliant success.

As soon as men and horses are recruited, and the present heavy rains permit I shall add Cornyn's brigade of cavalry from Corinth, and throw them below Okolona, With a view of dispersing forces, there destroying crops and railroad, and return by Bear Creek, there to join infantry force form Corinth, and clean out the line of that stream.

---------------

*See p. 489.

---------------

