
The duty; devolving on my cavalry in enormous since the abandonment of Jackson.

I respectfully repeat that it is of importance to the safety of my line that General Rosecrans disperse the cloud of cavalry that hangs on the north and east side of the Tennessee and threatens my rear constantly. I am not safe without his co-operations; With it I am.

I have the honor, to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

S. A. Hurlbut,

Major-General.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Number 2. Report of Major General Richard J. Oglesby, u. S. ARMY, LA GRANGE, Tenn. June 24, 1863.

GENERAL: Colonel Mizner returned to day his forces are now all in; have brought in one caisson, forge, and battery wagon; printing press, several hundred horses and mules, and any number of negro men, women and children.

Expedition has been out nine days, without loss or injury, have traveled from 200 or 300 miles, destroyed several railroad bridges, some south of Panola; drove all Chalmer's forces south toward Grenada, returning north across Tallahatchee to Senatobia; thence westward on HELENA ROAD, crossed the Coldwater and drove all cavalry south finding Chalmer had no disposition to flight, gave up the pursuit ; killed 8 and wounded a number there; was within 3 miles of Mississippi River. The country was cleared of everything an enemy could subsist upon. Returned by Hernando, olive Branch, and Mount Pleasant to La Grange. Took 40 prisoners and paroled 20. General George was in command at Panola. Chalmer had 900 men and three guns north toward Commerce. The expedition has made a through reconnaissance of five counties, swimming three rivers. No considerable force in now north of the Tallahatchee. Further details will be given as soon as Reports are received. All seems to be quiet to day south of our lines.

R. J. Oglesby,

Major-General.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT.

Number 3. Reports of Colonel John K. Mizner, THIRD Michigan Cavalry, chief of Cavalry, left Wing SIXTEENTH Army Corps. LA GRANGE, Tenn. June 24, 1863.

COLONEL: Have just returned . Broke up the command, under General George, at Panola, destroyed railroad bridge at the Yockey and trestle-work just beyond, and the road from there north, crossed the Tallahatchee north, and pursued Chalmers beyond Coldwater on the Helena road. He made for the Tallahatchee, to cross at the mouth of

