
the Coldwater, killed 15 or 20 and took 40 prisoners, paroled the sick at Panola, brought away and destroyed all army supplies work-shops Mills, tanneries, depots,&amp;C. ; passed north within 3 miles of Austin and Commerce, destroying an immense amount of forage and subsistence took form 600 to 800 horsed and mules and 500 head of cattle; sent detachments north and northeast from Panola to destroy or bring away all subsistence, forage, horsed, and mules,&c. Passed through five counties, traveled 300 miles, and crossed three streams. Chalmers had counties, traveled 300 miles, and crossed thee streams. Chalmer had With him J. G. STOCK'S W. F. Slemon's and G. L. Blythe's men 900 and three pieces of artillery. The remainder of his force 900 field south from Panola, via Charleston, under General George. Destroyed ferries at Panola and Coldwater. Lost 1 man and 5 slightly wounded. No Reports yet received from Colonel Meek's skirmish near Hudsonville.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel-Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters LEFT WING SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,,

Memphis Tenn.

July 5, 1863.

Herewith I transmit the official report of Colonel J. K. Mizner, chief of cavalry commanding First DIVISION Cavalry, and who was personally in command of the expedition ordered to move from the left wing against forces of the enemy posted along the line of the Tallahatchee; also inclosing report from his subordinate and property captured from the enemy. I regret I have not the means of doing the officers of this expedition full justice. The expedition was in every respect a complete success, and Colonel J. K. Mizner is entitled to much praise for the manner in which it has been conducted. Our loss was, nominal.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

Headquarters CHIEF OF CAVALRY,

LEFT WING SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

LaGrange Tenn.

July 3, 1863.

SIR; I received instruction on the 12th ultimo from Major General R. J. Oglesby, commanding left wing SIXTEENTH Army Corps, to prepare my whole available force to march on the ensuing Sunday at daylight, crossing the Tallahatchee at or near Wyatt, and from that point to throw a force rapidly southward to cut and destroy the railroad below Panola, and move With the main body of my command direct on Panola, break up Chalmers, destroy his stores, capture his batteries if possible cross the rive, and proceed north, taking all horses, mules, and means of transportation, destroy and bring away all provisions and forage and to make the work thorough and complete, crushing out and dispersing all roving bands of guerillas, and rendering it impossible for the enemy to subsist on the country. These instructions to move were subsequently temporarily suspended, by order of Major -general Hulbut, until Tuesday, the 16th. I accordingly proceeded at one to arrange the preliminaries for the expedition, directing Colonel McCrillis to prepare the available force of the First Brigade and to move at day

