
enemy, capturing 5 prisoners. After some little preparation, the command was crossed by fording, the wounded being returned to Collierville in ambulance, With one company for guard, With instructions to return to the command the same night. My column advanced steadily on the Byhalia road, the advance skirmishing With the enemy, he having been re-enforced by two companies from Panola, as I learned, that were being sent to relieve the rebel picket at the Coldwater.

Arrived at Byhalia at 2 p. m. of the same day, halting my command for thirty minutes to rest. From here I proceeded in a southeasterly direction on the Chulahoma road.

Arrived at Chulahoma at 8. 20 a. m. of the 17th. From here I proceeded, on Holly Springs road, to Cox's farm, where I took the Wyatt road. Arrived at Wyatt at 11 a. m., where I reported to you in person With my command.

In obedience to your orders, I directed two companies to cross the Tallahatchee River by swimming, being Companies H and I, NINTH Illinois cavalry (Captains Cameron and Harper), who were ordered to guard the opposite side while preparations were being made to cross the command.

During the afternoon of the same day, Companies F, g, h, and C, NINTH Illinois Cavalry, were crossed, and joined the two companies above mentioned, being all that I was able to cross before dark, owing to the crossing of Colonel Hatch's command.

At daylight the following morning I finished the crossing of my command and reported to you for orders. Camping With the SECOND and Fourth Brigades the same night, sending one staff officer, as directed by you, for orders at daylight on the morning of the 19th, I then proceeded With my command, as directed, on the Oxford and Panola road toward Panola. Arriving at Panola at 7 a. m., I halted my command to await orders. I detailed one company, agreeably to your orders, for provost guard in the town.

I then proceeded south on the Charleston road, as directed by you, a distance of 5 miles, halted my command, and sent small scouting parties east, south, and WEST to gather horses and mules.

Receiving orders from you to move my command back to Panola by 3 p. m., I proceeded on same road back. Arrived at the ferry at 3. 30 p. m. Crossing the Tallahatchee River, I proceeded With my command to camp 7 miles north of Panola, on the Hernando road. Receiving orders from g morning to the effect that I should fall in rear of the SECOND and Fourth Brigades With my whole command, I remained in camp until those commands came up. Arriving at Wallace's farm, I received information of the presence of about 100 rebel cavalry 3 miles to my left, proceeding north. I detached seven companies of the NINTH and two companies of the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, under Major Gifford, NINTH Illinois Cavalry, ordering him to scour the country on my left and report to me With his command at Senatobia. Failing to report from some cause at that place, I proceeded to Coldwater Station, to hold the crossing of the Coldwater, as directed.

Arriving at the place of crossing, I found evidence of the enemy having crossed in small force some two or three days previous, going north. The bridge (or ferry-boat answering the place of a bridge) I found was cut loose from its place, and that an attempt had been made to sink it. While preparation was being made to cross the command, I received orders from you to send the available force of the NINTH Illinois cavalry to report to you that night. I immediately dispatched a staff officer to Senatobia With orders to Major Gifford to report With his com-

