
and to you immediately, on the Helena road, 5 miles WEST of Senatobia. I crossed my command, and proceeded to camp 5 miles from Hernando, leaving one company at the crossing of the Coldwater for picket.

Left camp next morning at 6 a. m. and proceeded direct to Hernando, where I took the Olive Branch road.

Not being able to find the enemy, in obedience to orders received from you that my command should return to their respective stations, I proceeded to Olive Branch, where I directed the Fourth Illinois cavalry to take Collierville road, also the two remaining companies of the THIRD, arriving at Germantown at 6. 30 p. m. of the 21st of June, 1863.

Captured during the expedition the following property, viz: Forty-six horses, 84 mules, and 187 cattle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Chief of Cavalry, Left Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Number 5. Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, SECOND Iowa Cavalry, commanding SECOND cavalry Brigade. LA GRANGE, TENN., June 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in compliance With orders of Colonel Mizner, commanding cavalry DIVISION, I marched from La Grange at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 16th of June, camped 8 miles southwest of Holly Springs, at Sims' plantation, meeting small squads of the enemy's Cavalry. A patrol of the SECOND Iowa cavalry came upon a company of the enemy at night, having 2 men wounded by the fire of the rebels.

On the 17th, marched to Wyatt's Ferry, via Cox's Cross-Roads, throwing four companies, by order of Colonel Mizner, toward Chulahoma, to open communication With First Brigade of cavalry from Germantown. near Wyatt's Ferry joined the First Brigade of Cavalry; crossed the ferry that afternoon and night; camped 5 miles south of it.

On the 18th, marched With the cavalry DIVISION toward Panola, detaching three companies of the SECOND Iowa cavalry and three companies of the THIRD Michigan Cavalry, by Colonel Mizner's order, to report to Major Hudson. From Lieutenant-Colonel Moyers' report, herewith inclosed, I learn that Major Hudson left the main column moving toward Panola, marched southwest to the Yockeney, driving the enemy from the railroad bridge, having 1 man wounded, capturing 2 prisoners, and killing 1 of the enemy. Major Hudson destroyed the bridge and trestle-work; then moving north toward Panola, burning at Pope's Station one flouring-mill, one saw-mill, With a large amount of stock, 50,000 bushels of grain, and 400 bales of cotton, joining the command at Panola on the night of the 19th. On the afternoon of the 18th, the THIRD Michigan Cavalry, having the advance, came on the enemy's outpost at Belmont, 8 miles northeast of Panola; charged and took 6 prisoners. The reserve gave way and fled in confusion, leaving arms and blankets; camped that night near Belmont.

On the morning of the 19th, marched to Panola, where Company E,

