
Captain Latimer, sent out on patrol southeast of Panola, came upon the enemy in force, held them in check until evening, and them With-drew to Panola. At 12 o'clock began crossing the Tallahatchee by ferry, taking With me 1 caisson, 1 forge, 1 battery wagon, 6 boxes of good Springfield muskets, and a printing-press. Camped 5 miles north of Panola.

On the 20th, marched to Senatobia; there sent four companies north With horses, mules, and cattle, by Colonel Mizner's ordered. Then marched to Matthews' Ferry, on the Coldwater, skirmishing occasionally on the road, reaching that point at dark. The enemy contesting the crossing, opened fire With part of the THIRD Michigan Cavalry, silencing the enemy's fire. Camped that night in the river bottom.

On the morning of the 21st, the THIRD Michigan raised the ferry-boat, partially destroyed, crossed the river in advance, skirmishing With the enemy on the Helena road, driving one party out of a log house. Marched to day 15 miles, and camped.

On the 22nd, marched through Hernando toward La Grange; camped 6 miles northeast of the town.

This morning Company M, of the SECOND Iowa Cavalry, was sent to the right flank, where they found in the woods a log house filled With stores (flour, salt, sugar, candles, boots, shoes, bacon, &amp;c.), which they destroyed.

On the route from Panola to Hernando immense quantities of grain--

in building, in the stack, and in the field-were destroyed.

On the 23rd, two companies of the SECOND Iowa and two companies of the THIRD Michigan cavalry were detached south of Germantown to look for the enemy, supposed to be in the neighborhood.

Marched on the 23rd to the neighborhood of Mount Pleasant, and camped.

On the 24th, marched to Camp.

Many grist-Mills, tanneries, and stores were destroyed during the march from Panola to Hernando.

Annexed please find list of killed, wounded, and MISSING of SECOND cavalry Brigade. *

* * * * * * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel SECOND Iowa Cavalry, Commanding SECOND Brigade.

Captain Thomas WEIR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert Moyers, THIRD Michigan Cavalry. LA GRANGE, TENN., June 25, 1863.

SIR: In relation to the part taken by this regiment in the recent scout, I respectfully submit the following report:

On the night of the 16th instant, Company F, Captain Reese, was sent from the camp of the SECOND cavalry Brigade, near Holly Springs, MISS., to that place for the purpose of ascertaining the whereabouts of

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 killed, 7 wounded, and 3 MISSING, all enlisted men.

---------------

