
the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry. Captain Reese returned on the following day, and, on his way back, came in contact With a party of rebel cavalry numbering about 20, whom a few shots served to repulse.

Early on the morning of the 18th instant, Major J. G. Hudson, of this regiment, With three companies of his own and three from the SECOND Iowa cavalry Regiment, left camp for the purpose of gaining the rear of the forces at Panola and cutting off their retreat. He also had orders to destroy all forage, transportation, and other property that could be of use to the Confederate Government. The major destroyed the rail-road bridge across the Yockeney, one flouring-mill, one saw-mill, one tannery containing a large amount of stock, and about 50,000 bushels of grain; also about 400 bales of cotton.

Major Hudson had a sharp skirmish at Coldwater Bridge, capturing 2 prisoners and killing 1 of the enemy. We had 1 man slightly wounded.

Late in the afternoon of the 19th instant, Company C, which was leading the advance, came upon the enemy's outpost, 8 miles north of Panola, charged confusion, leaving arms, blankets, &amp;c., behind in some instances.

On the 20th, Company E, sent out on patrol duty to the east of Panola, came upon a strong force, whom they engaged, but our force having been found to be insufficient, withdrew without loss.

In the afternoon of the 21st instant, Company A, which was in advance, came upon a force of rebel cavalry near Senatobia, MISS., shouts were exchanged, and 2 privates of Company A were wounded.

When within a few miles of Matthews' Ferry, on the Coldwater, Company I was sent forward rapidly to save the ferry-boat, if possible. When they had reached the vicinity of the river, Lieutenant Woodard directed his men to dismount and move forward cautiously to the river bank.

While executing this order they were opened upon from the opposite side by a large force, which lay concealed near the stream. Corporal Herrick, of Company I, was killed. Companies H and D were immediately sent forward, and opened fire upon the position which the enemy was supposed to occupy, With considerable success. Five New graves were found on the following morning.

On the following morning, Company E was sent across and came upon a considerable force on the Helena road. The enemy took refuge in a log house, and for some little time held our men in check, but when they discovered a force moving to their rear they fled precipitously, leaving 1 dead upon the field.

At Senatobia, on the 20th instant, Company F, Captain Reese, was sent to La Grange, Tenn., in charge of extra animals and contrabands, and arrived safely at this place on the 22nd instant. On the 23rd, Captain Caldwell, in command of L and H of my regiment and two [companies] of the SECOND Iowa, was sent from near Hernando to Germantown. He has doubtless reported the result.

Otherwise than in the instances above cited, the THIRD Michigan cavalry was constantly With the SECOND Brigade, of which it forms a part, marching in the advance on alternate days, from the 16th to the 24th instant, inclusive.

Casualties: Killed, 1; wounded, 5; MISSING, 3. Prisoners captured from the enemy, 11. Property destroyed: Mills, 3; tanneries, 2; grain, 100,000 bushels. Horses captured, 57; mules captured, 175. Total, 232.

Names of killed: Corporal [John E.] Herrick, Company I. Names of

32 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

