
wounded: Privates [Martin C.] Garver and [John] Cummins, Company A, [James C.] Ellison, Company D, and [Charles] Credit and [Henry B.] Palmer, Company E. MISSING: Corporal [John M.] Collins and Privates [Charles] Case and [Alfred D.] Williams, Company L.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding THIRD Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant W. SCOTT BELDEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazil D. Meek, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, commanding Fourth cavalry Brigade. SAULSBURY, TENN., June 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

After leaving main column of your DIVISION, in accordance With orders, I proceeded in a northeasterly direction, passing Homo Station, on the Memphis and Grenada Railroad; thence on road to Tyro, near which place I encamped on the night of the 20th.

Started at daylight on morning of 21st, on the Holly Springs road, by way of Chulahoma, scouring the country thoroughly for horses and mules. We captured 98 horses and mules, burned large cribs of corn, wheat, and other means of subsistence, one large blacksmith-shop and wagon-shop, a large number of wagons, and several hundred bales of cotton, receiving to our force 90 contrabands to assist in bringing up captured horses and mules. I pushed forward, making good the work of destruction to subsistence and transportation. Passed through Holly Springs at about 4 p. m.

I left the Holly Springs road near Hudsonville; struck the Hernando road about 2 miles from Hudsonville, where I stopped to feed. About one hour after, one of the pickets was shot by, as I supposed, a guerrilla, near a mill on the Hernando road. Not liking my position, I moved forward With main column to La Grange road, sending two companies to bring in wounded man and ascertain the force of the enemy, With instructions to join the column as soon as possible, the rear guard to remain and assist the other two companies in rejoining the command. I moved forward very slowly, halting after I struck the La Grange road. I proceeded on that road about 2 miles, when an orderly from the rear overtook me and informed me there was heavy skirmishing near where we fed.

I immediately sent Major Funke back With one company, With instructions to bring forward the other three companies, skirmishing With the enemy until we could get a position where our chance be equal.

The major pushed back (by this time it was quite dark) to Hudsonville, where he ran into the enemy, thinking it our own men. The enemy had succeeded in bringing forward a force of 400 men by a by-road from Holly Springs, on the Hernando road, near Hudsonville, cutting off our three companies from the main column.

Our men fought bravely for three-quarters of an hour, but the enemy being in such overwhelming number our men had to charge through their lines.

