
Our loss was 1 killed, 2 wounded, and 26 prisoners. The enemy lost 2 men prisoners, 1 killed, and 18 wounded. Almost all the men who fell into the hands of the enemy were mounted on mules, and dismounted by the mules at the discharge of musketry by the enemy.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. MEEK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth cavalry Brigade.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Chief of Cavalry.

Number 8. Report of Colonel David Moore, commanding Fourth Brigade, FIFTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps. MEMPHIS, TENN., June 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance With orders received from district headquarters, I moved, With infantry, battery, and Cavalry, on the Horn Lake road, south, to relieve Major Henry, commanding cavalry expedition. We left camp at 1 p. m. After marching some 5 miles, we met the force which had been engaged in the morning, who reported that they had been surrounded, and that Major Henry was a prisoner. We continued the march, and advanced about 15 miles from Camp, where we were overtaken by Lieutenant [Thomas L.] Hewitt, aide-de-Camp, having orders from General Veatch ordering the return of my command. We captured 1 prisoner, With officer's uniform, but he states that he was a private. The supposition was that he ranked a major. He was promptly sent to the provost-marshal on our return.

After our receiving orders to return, we marched from the Horn Lake road to the Hernando road and encamped for the night. Started again at daylight for Camp, and returned to camp at 12 o'clock.

We learned that the enemy was in force near Hernando.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[DAVID MOORE],

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 9. Report of Captain Francis T. Moore, SECOND Illinois Cavalry, of action (19th) on the Coldwater. MEMPHIS, TENN., June 24, 1863.

SIR: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by the battalion of SECOND Illinois cavalry (consisting of detachments of Companies B, d, l, and M, being a portion of the United Stated forces under command of Major Henry, FIFTH Ohio cavalry Volunteers) in an engagement With the rebels near Coldwater River on the morning of Friday, June 19, 1863, said battalion being at the time under my command.

