
The enemy's loss and killed and wounded it not accurately known, but is estimated to have been between 20 and 30. Our own loss was 1 man killed and 10 wounded. Among the latter are Captain [W. J.]Tate and Adjutant {William S.]Pope, of the first [Seventh] Tennessee Regiment, and Lieutenant [H. A.]Tyler, of Faulkner's Kentucky Partisans, all from valuable officers. On that night at received information that the enemy were in possession of Panola, and that our forces had fallen back toward Grenada, and being encumbered With the prisoners I fell back through the bottom across Yazoo Pass, intending to effect a junction With them. Having learned, however, that our forces had returned to Panola, I sent the prisoners across Tallahatchee, at the mouth Coldwater, and then hearing a rumo been defeated before Vicksburg and was in retreat, I sent Colonel Stock With the command to the river again, was instructions to fire on transports and annoy much as possible, an returned to Panola. During my absence, general George and Colonel McCulloch, having learned on Wednesday(the 17th)that a force of 2,200 men, With two pieces of artillery, was advancing toward Wyatt With the intention of crossing the river there and flanking this place, fell back across the river to defend it. Scouts were immediately sent out, both from their commands and from Captain [Thomas] Henderson's company of scouts, but as they were unfortunately cut of by the enemy, no reliable intelligence could be obtained of their movements until late of Thursday evening (18th), when it was ascertained that a part of their force at crossed the river, and that there moving down on both sides of it; and it was also reported from Senatobia that a force(numbers not given)had crossed Coldwater and were moving southward. It was then determined to evacuate the town, and the wagons trains were sent off at once, With instructions to cross Yockeney at Rider's Ferry, a small force having in the mean time been sent to defend the railroad bridge. About 8. p. m. our pickets at Belmont were driven in, and soon after intelligence was received that the enemy had sent a detachment, estimated a 600 men, to burn the bridge over Yockeney, and, as was supposed, those over the Yalabusha at Grenada. Before daylight on Friday(19th), our forces left the town, and as on crossing Yockeney nothing was heard of the advance of the enemy, they turned up to the railroad bridge, in the hope that they might be in time to save it, but they were too late. The enemy had fallen back before they reached it, after destroying a portion of the bridge. The guard stationed their had 1 men severely, it not mortally, wounded in defending it. On the next morning of forces recrossed the Yockeney and followed in pursuit of the enemy, and on the same day Colonel McC[McGuirk] recrossed overtook a retreating Collum Springs, where, after a slight skirmish, in which he I reported to have killed and wounded about 230, he defeated them With the loss of 27 prisoners. Colonel McCulloch and General George moved forward as far as Sardins and Coldwater in pursuit without being able to overtake the enemy. The only public property which fell into the hands of the enemy was a few sacks of wheat and meal, a small quantity of corn, and a caisson belonging to Kerr's battery was left by the officer in

