
charge. While in possession of the town they burned a church, the house which I had occupied as my headquarters, and some buildings off less value. On their return trough the country they carried off a considerable number of negroes, mules, and horses, and did much damage by during corn-cribs, gin houses, Mills, fences, wheat in the fields `and in granaries, and in a few instances dwelling -houses, besides being guilty of other outrages. Lieutenant Floyd, of Blythe's regiment MISSISSIPPI State troops, who was in command of a scouting party, and other parties of the same kind which were left north of the river who that purpose in the retreat, did good service by annoying and firing into them. The whole loss the enemy from Scots and others, including that mentioned above, could not have been much less than 200. Their force at this place exclusive of the force of 300 sent to destroy the bridge over Yockeney. Our force where did not exceed 900 effective men.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. Chalmers,

Brigadier-General.

Major A. P. Mason,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 11. Report of Brigadier-General J. Z. George, MISSISSIPPI Militia. HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier,5TH MIL. DIST., Dept. MISS. AND E. La., Camp near Meriweather's, 4 miles east of Senatobia, June 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit following report of the operations of my command for the last then days: In pursuance of orders from Brigadier-General Chalmers. I had, on Sunday, the 14th instant, moved my brigade to Hickhaly Creek and encamped on the road to Coldwater, about 1,1/2 miles north of Senatobia. On Wednesday morning, about daybreak, received information trough Henderson's scouts that the enemy, 1,200 strong, had passed trough Byhalia on Tuesday, and had advanced on a road which leads in the direction of Holly Springs and Chulahoma, and that they would probably encamp at Mrs. McCraven's a point at which the roads leading from Holly Springs and Chulahoma unite. I immediately sent a staff officer Colonel [Robert] McCulloch to arrange for a disposition of our forces. And, in accordance With Colonel McCulloch's suggestion, I prepared my command to a point 1 mile east of Senatobia, at the crossing of the creek of that name, and, on consultation With my Colonels, concluded to advance one of the regiments to Dunn's Mills. This disposition would have enabled Colonel McCulloch(who was near Luxahoma)and myself to unite in time to meet the enemy, should he develop his intentions to move westward. While my command was one the march to the New destination, as above stated, I received a note from Colonel McCulloch, informing me theat a column of the enemy near Chulahoma, and that there was another column of about the same size, and expressing the fear that they would cross at Waytt, and suggesting that the both fall back south of the Tallahatchee River. In a few minutes after this, colonel McCulloch's aide arrived, stating that Colonel

