
energetic, easy it co-operate With, an always anxious to meet the enemy would be the slightest chance of doing good. His suggestions were generally followed, owing to this greater experience in the cavalry service. Respectfully submitted.

J. Z. George,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Captain W. A. Goodman, assistant Adjutant-General.

June 17-18, 1863. -Operations on MISSISSIPPI River, near Memphis, Tenn., and attack on transports.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, u. S. Army.

Number 2. -Colonel Colton Greene, THIRD MISSOURI Cavalry(Confederate)

Number 1Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, u. S. Army. Columbus, Ky., June 18, 1863.

The steamer Platte Valley was fired into yesterday 15 miles this side of Memphis by artillery, 5 balls passing trough the boat, killing 3 men and wounding several. About 300 rifle shots also struck the boat. The steamer Golden Era attempted to pass the battery at the same time, but was compelled to return to Memphis. No boat at proceed at this juncture unless under convoy of a gun boat. I applied yesterday for a gunboat, but have received none. Ellet's Marine Brigade would be we employed between here and Memphis. Dr. Smith from Dresden, Tenn., reported to the commander at Clinton, Ky.,3,000 rebels approaching Feliciana, Ky. Our Scots crossing the Obion engaged the enemy, but had to fall back. No direct report received from the two captains engaged and in command of the scouting parties. I have 300 rebels prisoners; some officers of rank, and dangerous characters. A number have been tried by military commission an sentenced to be executed. I desire to send those who are under sentence to Saint Louis or Alton, pending the orders of the general commanding on proceedings already forwarded, and request your approval. The 800 men promised me Major-General Burnside are by no means sufficient, considering my large river line, much reduced force, and the reported near approach of heavy rebel forces. Please refer to my telegrams of 15th instant.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HALLECK, general-in-Chief.

Number 2. Report of Colonel Colton Greene, THIRD Missouri Cavalry(Confederate)HDQRS. GREENE'S Brigadier, Marmaduke"S DIVISION., June 19, 1863.

MAJOR: On the 17th instant, colonel [Leonidas C.]Campbell moved down to the river and fired into Memphis several times without reply

