
Last Wednesday 200 rebel Cavalry, of----passed Big Black River at Birdsong Ford; yesterday 27. There is a regular picket stand at the ford. There are three other fords above Big Black Bridge. To-morrow, if I am well enough(my horse fell into a wash in the charge, and I was knocked down and run over), I will go over all the road between here, Markham's and Big Black Bridge, hoping to jump a small party. As the horses are tired, I scarcely expect to reach camp to-morrow. This regiment has 100 more men for duty than there are horses. The 100 picket men reported to Colonel [Thomas] Stephens, SECOND Wisconsin, have not returned. General Dennis had one whole company for body guard at Yong's Point. I inclose requisition for horses and request for the company. I inclose also a table of such distances as think are reliable.

I am, general, With great respect, your obedient servant,

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Major-General Sherman,

Commanding FIFTEENTH Army Corps.

JUNE 22, 1863-Skirmish at Jones' plantantion, near Birdsong Ferry, MISS.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Lieutenant Colonel Simeon D. Swan, fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Number 2. -Major Alonso B. Parkell, fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Number 3. -Colonel Clark Wright, Sixth MISSOURI Cavalry.

Number 4. -Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Wood, Jr., Wirt Adams'(Mississippi)Cavalry.

Number 1Report of Lieutenant Colonel Simeon D. Swan, fourth Iowa Cavalry. CHAMP ON BIG BEAR CREEK, MISS., June 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Herewith I transmit the report of Major Parkell of a skirmish which took place on the 22nd instant between a detachment of 130 men under that officer and two regiments of rebel Cavalry, known an Adams' and Starke's. Immediately upon receiving intelligence that our men had been engaged by the enemy, I gathered together all the effective men of my command not on duty, numbering about 140 men, an started to the assistance of Major Parkell. Before I proceeded far, however, I found that this men had separated, and were constantly coming into Camp, either singly or in small squads. I pushed forward With ambulances to the point at which the skirmish had been, for the purpose of picking up our dead an all the wounded who had not been taken by the enemy, as well as to retaliate, if opportunity offered, upon him for the mischief he had done my regiment. When I arrived a the place where the skirmish occurred, I learned that the rebels had been gone from the place about and hour. By this

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

