
The Thirty-fourth Indiana was detached from the brigade in the early of the engagement, and appear to have fought on their own account during the day. They fought with, and completely annihilated, the Forty-sixth Alabama, making it so hot for them that all had been killed or wounded except the 70 whom he surrendered, including the lieutenant-colonel, major, and 6 line officers. The brave Lieutenant-Colonel Swain, who was in command of the regiment, and who had been in very feeble health for several days, was severely, it is feared mortally, wounded while cheering and encouraging his men in the performance of their duty.

Of the Eleventh and Forty-sixth Indiana and the Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin it is unnecessary to speak further. The fact that they captured two batteries, driving the enemy before them, speaks more loudly in their praise than anything that I could say.

Of the noble and chivalrous Colonel Macauley, of the Eleventh, the brave and daring Lieutenant-Colonel Barter, of the Twenty -fourth, and the gallant Major Hancock, of the Twenty-NINTH, all of whom were severely wounded in the thickest of the fight, nobly doing their duty; of Colonel Gill and Lieutenant-Colonel Greene, of the Twenty-NINTH; Major Jones, of the Thirty-fourth; Colonel Spicely, of the Twenty-fourth; Lieutenant-Colonel Darnall, of the Eleventh; Colonel Bringhurst and Major Flory, of the Forty-sixth, too much cannot be said in praise. They are deserving of all honor for their endurance and bravery and the complete control which they exercised over their respective commands. To speak of the gallantry of many officers of the line would require too much time and space, and I leave that duty for their respective regimental commanders.

I regret that Colonel R. A. Cameron, of the Thirty-fourth Indiana, in consequence of partial blindness, was wholly unable to take part in the battle, knowing that he would have given a good account of himself could he have been engaged.

Owing to the nature of the ground, which rendered it impossible for artillery to maneuver, the SECOND Ohio Battery was not engaged during the day, and but one section of the SIXTEENTH Ohio was brought into action.

Our total force engaged was 2,371. The per cent. Of losses are as follows: Eleventh Indiana, 36 per cent. ; Forty-sixth Indiana, 24 per cent., and the Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin, 23 per cent., making an average per cent. Of the whole infantry force engaged 26 4/5.

The following is the loss of my brigade in killed, wounded, and MISSING:

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

11th Indiana	 28	 126	 13	 167

24th Indiana	 27	 166	 8	 201

34th Indiana	 8	 61	 ---	 69

46th Indiana	 20	 61	 3	 84

29th Wisconsin	 19	 92	 2	 113

16th Ohio Battery	 1	 1	 ---	 2

TOTAL	 103	 507	 26	 636

