
time evening was well advanced, and I deemed it useless to pursue them. I gathered up 6 dead bodies and 3 wounded men. Our total loss has been given by Major Parkell. A rebel surgeon, who was attending a major who was wounded in the engagement, says that there were 600 of the enemy, but Mr. Harris and other citizens who saw them pass and repass estimate their number at about 1,000. It its but just to say that I think our men acted in a manner which reflects credit upon themselves and their regiment, notwithstanding their dispersion and retreat they fought obstinately against overwhelming odds, with no avenue for organized retreat left open, and, when compelled at least to separate, they acted was such self-reliance and decision as enabled the greater number of them to escape. The loss in killed and wounded on both sides is, as far as ascertained, about equal, and the only particular in which the enemy has the advantage of us if in prisoners and the fact that our men retreated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. SWAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Regiment.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Number 2. Report of Major Alonzo B. Parkell, fourth Iowa Cavalry. CAMP AT WIXON'S, MISS. June 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report: On the morning of 22nd, a detachment consisting of 130 men, including officers, were sent out, under my command, by orders from headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, with instructions to blockade the road leading westward from Birdsong Ferry, on Big Black River. I ascertained that the river was fordable for some distance, and that it would be impossible for us to effect a blockade at the river. I halted the column on the ridge near Jones' Plantation, 1 mile WEST of the river, and sent 30 men to examine the ford and to ascertain whether there were any rebels in the vicinity. Thirty men were placed on picket 1 mile north, on a road leading from the Birdsong Ferry road to the Benton road and Bush's Ferry, while the remainder commenced blockading the road near the point where we had halted. We had been at work nearly two hours, and had nearly completed the blockade a that point, when our pickets on the north road were attacked by a part of Adam's and Starke's Cavalry, numbering nearly 1,000 men. As soon as the firing was heard, my men were mounted and mowed forward on double-quick to the support of the pickets falling back, with the rebels close upon them. We immediately formed in line of battle, disposing our little force to the best possible advantage. We fought the rebels nearly an hour, they gradually advancing upon us in front and on our right flank. We were finally compelled to fall back and the a new position to the left and a little in rear of our former one. The enemy coming upon us at this time with overwhelming numbers, and our ammunition being exhausted,

