
we were compelled to retreat. We were at this time 7 miles from the nearest Federal troops, with the road blockaded in our rear, bear Creek and a high bluff on our left, and the enemy in front and on our right. Our men fell back gradually a distance of about half a mile, hard pushed by the enemy, who were firing into our ranks. Finding that be would the only to lose all my men to longer preserve the order of march, I allowed to men to separate, some taking the direction of our camp a some toward Bridgeport. The most of them arrived safely in camp, but there are still 32 missing. There were, however, some 10 or 12 of these taken by the rebels, most of them wounded. WE lost in this fight 8 men killed and 16 wounded-4 of them wounded mortally. The enemy had 17 killed and 15 wounded, as far as ascertained; among them were 1 major and 2 captains. Our men had behaved in the most gallant manner, repulsing the enemy frequently, and holding their ground until compelled by overwhelming numbers to retreat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. PARKELL,

Major Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel S. D. SWAN, commanding Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Number 3. Report of Colonel Clark Wright, sixth MISSOURI Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH cavalry Missouri VOLUNTEERS, brook's Plantation, June 23, 1863-7. 30 a. m.

GENERAL: All quiet. The rebels that attacked the Fourth Iowa fell back on the east side of the river. The loss of the Fourth Iowa was 7 killed, 14 wounded, and 15 MISSING, and one howitzer; they took the breech-pin out, however. The loss of the rebels was 7 killed(found of the ground)and some 12 wounded(found)The party sent out found General Sherman a short distance this side of headquarters. The general sent me word that this by evening a portion of his command would be at the junction of the roads near Birdsong Ferry, and the remainder on Bear Creek. It is full 7 miles from here to camp of the Fourth Iowa. Immediately of the river above is unprotected, except our forces from here to Birdsong. I have all the roads picketed in every direction, and with the remainder of command a patrolling. The number of rebels in yesterday's attack was 600.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Brigadier-General OSTERHAUS, commanding NINTH DIVISION.

Number 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Wood, Jr., Wirth Adam's (Mississippi)Cavalry. Headquarters ADAM'S Cavalry. near MECHANICSBURG, MISS., June 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant, to instructions, at 8. 30 p. m. on the 21st instant, with a command of two regiments of cavalry

