
(Adams', and Starke's Twenty-eight MISSISSIPPI), I moved forward in the direction of the enemy, to attack any cavalry force that might be found in the vicinity of Birdsong Ferry. Moving to the Bear Creek road 10 miles, I directed the march toward the Big Black River, and reached Holloman's at daylight. Delaying an hour to feed horses, I moved down the river until I struck the Bush Ferry road. Following dis a short distance, I moved across the country and came into the Bear Creek road, near its junction with the Birdsong Ferry road. Moving forward, my advance soon came in contact with that of the enemy, which, being forced back, retired to the junction of the Bridgeport and Birdsong Ferry roads. Here found the enemy(a regiment of cavalry and one piece of artillery)in position. His gun was posted at the head of to narrow lane, with a high a strong fence on each side. His cavalry (a portion being dismounted) was posted on both sides of the road, an partially protected by the crest of a hill. The nature of the country being such as to prevent any movement by cavalry on either flank, I was compelled to attack immediately in front. A portion of my command being dismounted and moved forward on either flank, to offset the fire of the enemy's dismounted men, a charge was made up the lane for the gun, gallantly led by Captain [S. B.]Cleveland, commanding Adam's Cavalry, and Captain [M. B.]Bowie, of same regiment, whose squadron was in advance. No being able to develop any front, and the fire being very severe, it required the greatest efforts on the part of these officers to gain ground. Officers and men repeatedly charge up to within easy pistol range of the gun, back were forced back by canister shot and small-arms, not, however, once leaving the line. During dis struggle dismounted men on the flanks were moved forward and became warmly engaged. The enemy having the advantage of position an a piece of artillery, and being able to bring more men into action than I, owing to the nature of the ground, it was with the greatest difficult we could make any headway. Taking advantage of a attempt of the enemy to change the position of his gun, a general charge was made, and, after a short and stubborn resistance, the enemy gave way. Being closely pressed, his gun was captured and the cavalry utterly routed fleeing and scattering in every direction. For 4 or 5 miles they were pursued, their dead dotting the road. In this chase my men were enabled to use their repeaters to great advantage, some of then killing or capturing as many as 5 of the enemy each. Our loss is 5 killed, 16 wounded, 1 MISSING. That of the enemy is over 100 killed and wounded, and 33 prisoners. Among our wounded, I regret to say, is Captain W. S. Yerger, Adam's Cavalry, who was severely shot while gallantly leading his company in the attack. My loss in horses is 40. As trophies we have one piece of artillery, many small-arms and accouterments, and a number of horses. The small-arms are of the most approved pattern. I take pleasure in recording the great gallantry and elan displayed by Major [J. T.]McBee, commanding Twenty-eight MISSISSIPPI, captain S. B. Cleveland, commanding Adam's Cavalry, and all the officers and men of their respective commands. Constantly cheering and eager to go forward, the commanding officer had but direct, with the certainty of being promptly obeyed. Many instances of personal gallantry have been reported to me by company commanders, and many came under my own observation. I

