
will forward to brigade headquarters the names of those whose gallantry was noticed on the field.

I am, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT. C. WOOD, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM F. BULLOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 23-26, 1863. -Union raid on Brookhaven, and skirmish at Rocky Creek, near Ellisville, MISS.

Number 1-Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Lovell,[Twenty-THIRD Louisiana Infantry?].

Number 2. -Major R. S. Carter, seventh MISSISSIPPI Infantry.

Number 3. -Lieutenant W. M. Wilson, forty-THIRD Tennessee Infantry.

Number 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Lovell,[Twenty-THIRD Louisiana Infantry?]BROOKHAVEN, June 24, 1863.

COLONEL: As I telegraphed yesterday, the enemy, about 40 strong, made a das into this place about 1. p. m. We had but twenty minutes notice they that were coming. I sent one of my officers, captain [John] Tonkin, out to ascertain the locality of a number deserters that had been reported to me. When 8 miles from this place he was captured by the enemy. They took this horse, which belonged to me, and gave him one broken down in his place. Captain Tonkin made his escape when the enemy brought him into town. He reports the enemy to be fifth Illinois cavalry, from Grant's army. The Yankee captain told Captain Tonkin the balance of his regiment would pass trough Gallatin. The enemy burned 12 cars; did little the damage. They took the road to Monticello, and are evidently making for that point. As soon as possible I collected a squad of 22 officers and men, and sent it pursuit of the enemy. I could not get another horse or mule. I learn that some of the citizens run them off. I have not yet head from the squad. I also telegraphed to Summit for arms and mounted men. Could get none in time.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Asst. Adjt. General Hdqrs. Dept. Of the west, Jackson, MISS.

Number 2. Report of Major R. S. Carter, seventh MISSISSIPPI Infantry. HEADQUARTERS POST, Brokhaven, Miss., June 26, 1863.

I would beg leave to report to you the facts of the late raid on our town. At about 1 o'clock on the 25th instant, a party of about 40 Federals made a sudden dash upon us at this point. We had no warning of

33 R R-VOL XXIV, PT II

