
their approach until they were on us perhaps some fifteen minutes before they were in our town. I was at dinner, and knew nothing of their approach. They came in, of corse, unmolested, and burned 12 cars, without interrupting any Government property of stores. They remained but a few minutes and then moved on eastward. I immediately telegraphed Major [M. R.]Clark, at Enterprise, that they were going in that direction. I did not telegraph you, as Lieutenant Colonel [W. S.] Lovell said he had informed vou of the fact. The citizens were gathered, and party of 20 men went I pursuit them. They did no get off until the enemy had been gone about for hours, reaching Monticello, 23 miles from here, after enemy had crossed Pearl River and destroyed the flat. The last news I had from them they were still going east. I had 4 men and 5 guns without ammunition. I had sent for ammunition it had not arrived. With 20 well-armed men the whole party could have been captured, but I did not have them. We could not ascertain their number until they were here and gone. I have some few men here now, and have sent up not arms and ammunition. By getting the citizens to join us, we can get a nice company. I shall not trust to the militia and citizens to inform me the approach of the enemy. I have sent out a few scouts, and would have sent more, but failed to get horses to mount them, as all the horses have been inpressed around here. I shall endeavor to avoid being surprised again. I have been without men and horses until now, and they are unarmed.

Respectfully submitted.

R. S. CARTER,

Major, commanding Post.

Colonel B. S. Ewell, Jackson, MISS.

Number 3. Report of Lieutenant W. M. Wilson, forty-THIRD Tennessee Infantry. JACKSON, June 30, 1863.

COLONEL: Last Wednesday, June 24, the enemy made a raid upon Brookhaven, burned several cars, and proceeded on toward Monticello. As soon as possible after their passing Brookhaven, a squad of 22 men was raised by Colonel [w. S.]Lovell, who placed me in command of them, with orders to make all haste, and, if possible, overtake them before they did any more damage to our railroads. My orders from the colonel were to fight them in the most advantageous manner. At the time a left Brookhaven the enemy that some four hours the start of me. This advantage over he must not be underestimated, when we consider that they were taking all the fresh horses on the road, pressing along rapidly, while my men and boys were badly mounted at the outset. Any horses gave out during out first night's pursuit. When I arrived at Monticello the enemy that just three hours the start; but, having turned the ferry-boat loose, I was compelled to go down the river 6 miles to cross. By this [time] they had a sufficient start of me to rest a portion of the night, while my men and horses were urged along to the very utmost. At this point I was also detained to re-enforce my command, as many of those who started with me returned from here. We then pursued them with all possible speed to Williamsburg, at which place we were necessarily compelled to delay again for the pur-

