
Washburn's headquarters at 5. 30 a. m. to-morrow, fully armed and well mounted, with to days rations of salt, coffee, and sugar.

By order and Colonel Cyrus Bussey, commanding:

H. D. B. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 25-July 1, 1863-Expedition from Snyder's Bluff to Greenville, mis.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel J. Nasmith, twenty-FIFTH Wisconsin Infantry, commanding expedition.

Headquarters 25th Wisconsin volunteer infantry,

Snyder's Bluff MISS., July 1, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders dated Headquarters Department of Tennessee, June 25, 1863, addressed to commanding officer of expedition against to Greenville,"I have the honor to report the following: I started from Snyder's Bluff, in the afternoon of June 25, 1863, with the following troops, to with: Twenty-FIFTH Wisconsin Infantry, 600 strong, four pieces Fourth Ohio Battery. And three companies FIFTH Illinois Cavalry, 200 strong, under Major Farnen, and preceded to Young's Point. Here I was joined by three gunboats and the John Raines, of the marine fleet, having on board 50 infantry and 100 Cavalry. The boats were detained till non the 26th to coal, when I proceeded up the river. Arriving at the foot to Island Number 82, the cavalry disembarked and proceeded with the cavalry to the foot to Island Number 84, distant 21 miles by land. Searching the country to find signs of the enemy, I arrived at Carter's plantation June 27, evening. The transport, with the infantry and artillery, came around by water. Not being able to find or hear of any enemy of this side the river, I am satisfied from information received from reliable sources, that there has been no enemy near Greensville, on the Mississippi shore, for nearly for weeks, previously to that time there was a small force encamped on Deer Creek, distant 10 miles from Greenville. We found at the foot of Island Number 83 embrasures cut in the levee for three guns, and across the point-3 miles distant for two guns, that a road had been cut across the point, connecting the two places; that the were in the habit of running the guns across the point while the boats were going round, and firing on the same boats at the two points. I embarked with the cavalry June 28, and proceeded across the river to Spanish Mos Bend, on the Arkansas shore. Arriving there all the troops were ordered to disembark, an did so, with the exception those and board steamer John Raines. Major Hubbard, commanding the troops on the boat, did non obey the order. I proceeded at 1 p. m.,28th, for Gaine's Landing, with the infantry, artillery, and 200 Cavalry. I had heard firing the night before at Gaine's Landing, and supposed there was a force on the bed between there and where we had landed. The distance between the point where we had landed and Gaine's Landing is 10 miles. My object was to capture the force between us and Gaine's Landing, on the bend. We had proceeded but 3 miles when we encountered their pickets. We followed them. Skirmishing, to Gaine's Landing, were they changed their course, proceeding back from the river. It then being dark, and learning from various sources that their force was largely superior to mine, having no guide and being unable

