
to obtain one, and there being several roads, cut trough the woods from the river, in our rear, my force not being large enough to guard the roads and attack the enemy in front, I thought in prudent to retire to our transport. From with I deem reliable information, the enemy, had a Cypress Bend and Gaines Landing, and points in the vicinity, from 4,000 to 5,000 troops, with eight pieces of artillery. To wit, two pieces 9-pounder riffled parrot guns, two 16-pounder rifled brass, two 12-pounder brass howitzers, one 6-pounder rifled brass, and one 6-pounder smooth-bore. They have no caissons with their cannon. They have two full regiments on infantry, and the balance of the force Cavalry. Their main camp is back and up the river from Gaine's Landing, ans so situated that the forces at Cypress Bend or other point on the river can readily be re-enforced from this point. The distance from Gaine's Landing to Cypress Bend, by land, is variously estimated at from 15 to 30 miles; by water, it is 50 miles. I also learned from good authority that all the	forces in Arkansas. Under General Price, Marmaduke, and other commanders, are ordered to the vicinity of Milliken's Bend, and that on June 27 seven regiments passed trough Monticello, ark., about 40 miles from Gaine's Landing. The forces on the river in vicinity of Cypress Bend are under command of General Gorman[?]of Graham[?], and Colonels Clark and [George W.] Carter, of cape Girardeau notoriety. I caused to be destroyed on Spanish Moos Bend from 12,000 to 20,000 bushels of corn, one mill and cotton gin, used by the rebels for grinding corn. On the morning of the 30th, I proceeded down the river. Hearing in the afternoon that they were fighting at Lake Providence, and needed help, I reported myself to the general commanding, who wished me to lie over night, fearing another attack in the, morning. In the morning the cavalry marched trough to Goodrich's Landing, seeing no enemy, but noticing the effects of what had been the day before, the enemy having gone. Major Farnan, commanding the Cavalry, reports that the scenes witnessed by him in marching from Lake Providence to Goodrich's Landing were a character never before in a civilized country, and the rebel atrocities committed the day before were such as the pen fails to record ib proper language. They spared neither age, sex, nor condition. In some instances the negroes were shut up in their quarters. And literally roasted alive. The charred remains found in numerous instances testified to a degree of fiendish atrocity such as has no parallel either in civilized or savage warfare. Young children, only fire or six years of age, were found skulking in the canebrake pierced with wounds, while helpless women were found shot down in the most inhuman manner. The whole country was destroyed, and every sign of civilizatios. The cavalry embarked at Goodrich's Landing, and the expedition, except the marine boat, came to Chickasaw Landing. The battery was debarked there and was ordered to join its command. The two boats, with cavalry and infantry, came to Snyder's Bluff, and to camp. The boats were ordered to report to master of transportation, and the landing. Before closing this report, it is proper that I should say that the portion of the Marine brigade which accompanied me proved to be entirely worthless. At no time were my orders obeyed willingly, and the officer in command was disposed to find fault and cavil when any real service

