
somewhat by a rise of 4 feet in Big Black River, making ford impassable, but I expect to cross this afternoon and move out almost to Edwards Station, to-morrow noon at Bolton, and next day Clinton, by which time.

I will know the purposes of the enemy, and accordingly.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

General GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION,Bolton, July 7, 1863.

SIR: The Thirteenth and Fifteenth Army Corps crossed Big Black River yesterday at 4 p. m., at moved out 4 miles; today marched to Bolton. Day excessively hot, and troops suffered exceedingly from heat and dust. From some inexplicable cause, the NINTH Corps is mot yet up. I sent to-night to General Parke to stop work on his bridge and follow by Messinger's. From evidence collected, it appears Johnston intended to have crossed Black River during the 4th or 5th of July, with 400 wagons, but he heard of the capitulation on the 3rd . He was in person opposite Birdsong, with one DIVISION; three divisions were opposite Messinger's, and one opposite Bridgeport, all provided with pontoon trains. All commenced falling back toward Jackson yesterday. Breckinridge did not leave Bolton until midnight last night. The whole country is marked with their encampments, especially Bolton. To-morrow I will feel toward Clinton with cavalry, but await Parker's arrival before moving father.

I am, with respect,&amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General Commanding.

Major-General GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS, Clinton, July 9, 1863.

SIR: Steele's advance entered Clinton at 3 o'clock last, skirmishing with the enemy's Cavalry. At daybreak this morning Ord; 's advance arrived, and his corps now(7 a. M.) is passing trough Clinton, on the main road. Generals Steele and Parke are reconnoitering for a separate road north of the railroad, and parallel.

We have to march at night; days are intensely hot, otherwise all well.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General Commanding.

Major-General GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY ARMY,Near Jackson, MISS., July 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my forces arrived before Jackson yesterday forenoon, general Parke moving on the Canton road, Steele on the direct Clinton road, and Ord keeping south of the Clinton road and reaching the Raymond road. The heads of columns are all close up. I have examined the position, and am satisfied Johnston's whole army is in Jackson's; that the intrenchments we found there in May have been extended so the flanks reach Pearl River. They have also been much strengthened, and heavy guns mounted at the salients

