
musket cartridges, assorted, to be sent me in case I call, or you suppose me in want. Events resemble much our position at Vicksburg, except I have not assaulted, and we have sustained very little loss. Three wagons, gathering forage to our rear yesterday, were captured by guerrillas and burned.

No other losses on the road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, commanding.

General GRANT.

Headquarters,

Before Jackson, MISS., July 12, 1863-12 m.

Port Hudson being ours, and Holmes repulsed at Helena, the Missouri forces should be pushed to Little Rock at once. Mobile should be attacked also, from the direction of New Orleans, and, when it is taken, we could move on Selma. I fear the weather is too hot for me to march to Grenada. Would it no be better to move on Grenada from Memphis, and on Columbus, MISS., from Corinth, leaving me to fight Johnston according to circumstances, and to destroy the Central road as far as Canton and Big Black River? Harrisonburg, La., should be attacked by a brigade. It would paralyze the Washita country. Can't Grierson join me by land? All as well with me now. I have ten day's supplies.

Will send my supply train to Black River, under good escort, as soon as unloaded.

W. T. SHERMAN, major-General.

General GRANT, Vicksburg.

BEFORE JACKSON, MISS., July 13, 1863.

The parolled prisoners will go to Brandon via Raymond. Pemberton wrote to General Johnston a letter reporting his position and line of march, and sent a captain to bear the letter to Johnston, but a would not let him pass in, but sent him back with a short note to Pemberton saying a could not permit it. I have already broken up the ferry were that road crosses, and don't see how Pemberton can cross Pearl River, but he must manage this a he best can. Colonel Gresham was not killed yesterday; it was Colonel Earl. Killed, wounded, and MISSING yesterday amount to 350, nearly all confined to Lauman's command, who got his line too close to the enemy's works. Ord has relieved Lauman, and sent him to Vicksburg. I approve because I want the corps commanders. When McArthur comes up, I will pass the right and reach the bridge across Pearl River.

The army inside Jackson lies close behind its intrenchments.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT.

BEFORE JACKSON, July 13, 1863.

All well with us; all strengthening their battery and rifle-pits, prior to a general cannonade as soon as the train is known to be near with a resupply. I will continue to threaten the railway beyond Pearl.

