
Pemberton is crossing with his paroled prisoners about 10 miles below Jackson. Bussey has returned. He burned two locomotives and a dozen cars, several bridges, and tore up track to Canton, but found Canton occupied by a brigade, and deemed it imprudent to attempt it or the bridge beyond. I will destroy the railroad certain, but the cavalry has not the dash to do the work. Cannot Grierson be brought up here?

In a month he could make the State of MISSISSIPPI forever useless to the rebels.

W. T. SHERMAN, major-General.

General GRANT.

Headquarters Fifteenth ARMY CORPS.

Before Jackson, July 14. 1863-11 a. m.

If you have not made other arrangements, I would be obliged if you would give my corps the flank of Vicksburg, in front of my old line, front of Wood's brigade.

Order all the hospitals, quartermasters' camp, and all stragglers and persons whatsoever to be assembled inside and under command of some officer, to guard the parapet and men the guns. This arrangement will make useful a class of men not otherwise of any account. The hospital at Chickasaw Bayou should also be moved inside.

I fear the filling the country with paroled prisoners will do us no good, but I won't let any pass into Jackson.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, commanding.

Major-General GRANT.

Headquarters,

Before Jackson, July 14, 1863.

Captain Audenried is here. I will answer at length to-night. I think I have troops enough. I don't think Johnston can, under present circumstances, get any more re-enforcements, and with plenty of ammunition I can make the town too hot to hold him.

In the mean time I am destroying the railroad north and south most effectually.

W. T. SHERMAN, major-General, commanding.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Comdg. Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, MISS.

Headquarters,

Army before Jackson, July 14, 1863-8 p. m.

GENERAL; All is well with us. I think I have troops enough. Johnston is still in Jackson, and our skirmishers are engaged all round the lines, and but little execution done by either party. Our lines of investment are well covered by rifle-trenches. We are now firing every five minutes from four different batteries day and night, and, as soon as the ammunition train is up, will increase the fire. We now reach Pearl River above and below the town. I dot think Johnston is receiving re-enforcements; at all events, he has manifested no intention to rally,

