
go home. Colonels Giles A. Smith, Tupper, Judy, and others are urging their claims to furloughs, and I repeat that all the army is clamorous for rest. The constant stretch of mind for the past two months begins to tell on all.
W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

General GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, July 18, 1863.

We have made fine progress to-day in the work of destruction. Jackson will no longer be a point of danger. We destroy much cotton used in breastworks. Some heavy artillery and a large pile of shot and shell will be thrown into the river. Steele will be at Brandon in the morning, and I have reason to believe all is working well north and south. I hope it will rain to-night, in which case I will order Parke's two DIVISIONS to march for Milldale, via Brownsville. I will hold the balance till I accomplish all your design. The enemy's cavalry has retreated from Canton across Pearl River, so that I think there is no body of the enemy WEST of Pearl River. We have 500 prisoners, and more are being brought in every hour. The inhabitants are subjugated. They cry aloud for mercy. The land is devastated for 30 miles around.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg.

JACKSON, July 18, 1863-11 a. m.

Have just returned from a long ride. Day intensely hot, and dust terrific. Heard of Colonel Woods' expedition near Canton last night. He had met opposition, but expected to enter Canton this morning. General Steele, with three brigades, will move out to Brandon this eve. As soon as I hear satisfactory accounts of these detachments, I will dispatch General Parke to Milldale, via Brownsville, and as soon as the detachments are back and rested, I will move Ord to Big Black River Bridge, via Raymond, and Fifteenth Army Corps and cavalry to Messinger's and Bear Creek, via Clinton. The enemy burned great part of Jackson, and we have done some in that line. The place is ruined. I am destroying the northern and southern railroad, but, according to your orders, spare that east and west, with the cars. Have heard from my cavalry south. A prisoner was sent in with a written order on his person, dated Brookhaven. He states the place contained but two companies, and that Grierson was reported coming. I do hope Grierson will come by land with his cavalry, and with what I have I can clean out all Middle Mississippi.

W. T. SHERMAN.

General GRANT.

JACKSON, July 18, 1863-4 p. m.

Just heard from Canton. My party was to enter at daylight. General Herron was within 6 miles of Canton. All well.

[W. T. SHERMAN.]

Major-General.

Major- General GRANT, Vicksburg.

34 R R-VOL XXIV, PT II

