
I would like to speak of the particular merits of many of the officers, but I cannot do so with justice and fairness to others, unless in possession of all the reports of subordinate commanders, which I have not yet received. We acme together suddenly and have scattered as suddenly, but I will endeavor to procure, as soon as possible, all the details with them with my indorsement.

I have already sent in 669 prisoners, and will send in 95 more, wists.

Our aggregate loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners will fall below a thousand, whilst the enemy halt lost in prisoners alone more than that number, besides those killed and wounded in Jackson; and I have good information that the DIVISIONS of Breckinridge and Loring, in their retreat beyond Brandon, had scattered and were straggling to the right and left in search of provisions and water.

I doubt if the presence of a hostile army will again compel us to visit the interior of this State, and I known that many of the best inhabitants of the land are now clamorous for peace on terms perfectly acceptable to all who dot not aim at the absolute destruction of this part of the United States.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Grant, Vicksburg.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS,Jackson, MISS., July 14, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

(Or officer commanding United States forces)

SIR: The bodies of your men who fell on our south front day before yesterday are still unburied.

To enable us to bury them. I respectfully to propose that you give orders to your troops not to fire on our parties so engaged. Should you inform me that you have given such orders, your dead shall be immediately buried. It will require about three hours.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston,

General, c. S. Army.

Headquarters,

Army before Jackson, July 14, 1863-12 m.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, c. S. Army, Jackson, MISS.,:

GENERAL: Your letter by flag of truce is received. I have ordered firing and work on trenches to cease till 4 p. m., a flag to be shown on the Clinton road.

At 4 p. m. to flag will be withdrawn and firing resumed. I thank you for the offer to bury the dead who fall and the south front day before yesterday, ans ask that two or three subordinate officers be allowed to see the dead collected, to recognize and record their names, or, if you are willing to cause them to be collected at any point, I will have the removed and interred.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, commanding.

