
JACKSON, July 14, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, u. S. Amy:

GENERAL: I have just that the honor to receive your letter of to-day.

The bodies are in such a state of decomposition that their removal is impossible. I have directed that they be buried as well as the brief time you appropriate to the purpose will allow. I regret that my proposition was not made yesterday, when it would have been practicable to accede to your requests.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston,

General, c. S. Army.

Headquarters,

Army before Jackson, July 16, 1863.

WILLIAM YERGER, w. H. ALLEN, and others,

Jackson, MISS.:

GENTLEMAN: Your communication* is received. The city of Jackson will be occupied by a DIVISION of troops, commanded by General Blair. His orders will be to protect private property. I can make to terms, because resistance has been made with artillery until it became hopeless, and terms would compromise the Government of the United States, but I assure your that all citizens acting in good faith will be respected by me and my command, and that families will be encouraged to get home, and resume their peaceful vocations.

I am,&amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, commanding.
HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,Jackson, MISS., July 21, 1863.

C. H. MANSHIP, Esq. Mayor of Jackson:

SIR: Yours of July 20*is received. I will cause 200 barrels of flour and 100 barrels of meek pork to be delivered at Big Black River Bridge, to the order of any committee you may accredit who will undertake to distribute the same the people in want, living in and near Jackson. Let the committee be appointed at once, I will furnish them a safe conduct to and from the river.

I am,&c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, commanding.

JACKSON, July 21, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

SIR: In accordance with your order agreeing to furnish supplies to the citizens of Jackson of vicinity who are in need of the same, I have appointed a committee to distribute the same, composed of the following gentlemen, to wit; Judge, William Yerger, d. N. Barrows, esp., j. H. Boyd, esq., j. M. Coats, esq., and Honorable W. L. Sharkey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MANSHIP,

Mayor.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

