
returning the enemy's fire, which was kept up for a considerable time. Here it was that our colors fell. The gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Barter, believing that the bearer was wounded, rushed forward, seized them, and waved them with cheers in the very face of the enemy. The flagstaff was shattered and Lieutenant -Colonel Barter severely wounded. Being entirely out of ammunition, and overwhelmed in front, my command fell back nearly 300 yards, and here the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth formed a new line, replenished their cartridge-boxes, and again advanced to the field. By this time we were sufficiently re-enforced, and in less than an hour the enemy gave way, leaving our gallant troops in full possession of Champion's Hill.

But amid our rejoicing over this great victory we are called upon to mourn the gallant dead. Captain Felix G. Welman, of Company B, SECOND Lieutenant Jesse L. Cain, of Company A, and 27 others of my command fell at their names be inscribed in the hearts of our people, and their memories revered as noble patriots and gallant soldiers.

I shall feel the loss of these men, together with the loss to the service of the gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Barter and Lieutenant J. H. Baldwin, who are so severely wounded as to leave me without the benefit of their valuable assistance for a considerable time. I desire also to make mention of Captain N. F. Bolton, lieutenant Daniel SMITH, lieutenant Frederick T. Butler, and Asst. Surg. T. W. C. Williamson, who were severely wounded while engaged in the gallant performance of their duty. Adjt. S. R. Henderson and Captain Hugh Erwin, lieutenant SMITH, company C; Captain F. M. Downey, lieutenant Frank M. Robbins, commanding Company F after Lieutenant Baldwin fell; Captain Charles S. Jenkins, captain John B. Hutchens, captain Benjamin J Summers, and Captain Redburn, with their subordinate officers, are deserving special notice for the ability and zeal witch they performed their duty.

The men, without exception, did gallant service, and stood up to the galling fire of an overwhelming force for three hours and twenty minutes like veterans, and Indiana and the country generally may well feel proud of the gallant men engaged in the greatest battle of the war.

My loll in killed and wounded was 207 out of a force of less than 500 men.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM T. SPICELY,

Colonel, commanding Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain Joseph H. LIVSEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel James R. Slack, Forty -seventh Indiana Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, TWELFTH DIV. THIRTEENTH A. C., Camp at Edwards Depot, hinds County, MISS., May 18, 1863.

SIR: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by the SECOND Brigade of the TWELFTH DIVISION, commanded by Brigadier General A. P. Hovey, THIRTEENTH Army Corps, on the 16th instant, at Champion's Hill, on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad, in Hinds County, Mississippi.

My command consisted of the Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, com-

