
JULY 22, 1863.

Whereas Major-General Sherman has agreed to furnish to those in need of approvious, in Jackson and its vicinty, 200 barrels of flour and 20,000 pounds of pork, or its equivalent in hard bread and bacon, we, the undersigned, a committee appointed by the mayor to receive said supplies, agree to receive the same, and to distribute the same fairly and equally among the inhabitants needing the same, in proportion to the numbers of members in their families.

W. YERGER.

D. N. BARROWS.

W. Q. POINDEXTER.

F. ANDERSON.

W. L. SHARKEY.

F. S. HUNT.

J. A. KAUSLER.

J. M. COATS.

J. H. BOYD.

CLINTON, July 23, 1863.

We, citizens, of Clinton, MISS., having received from the United States FIFTEEN thousand rations for subsistence for destitute people in Clinton and vicinity, pledge our honor that the same shall be equitably distributed, and that none of the stores shall be convertible to the use of the troops of the so-called Confederate States.

M. TANNER.

W. W. DUNTON.

W. HILLMAN.

AGENDA.

Report of C. Spencer, scout.

General Joseph E. Johnston had not to exceed 22,000 men, as follows: Major-General Loring's DIVISION, about 5,000. Loring's brigade are commanded by Brigadier General John Adams, brigadier-General Featherston, and Brigadier-General Buford. Has about thirty guns.

Major-General Walker's DIVISION, about 5,000. Walker's brigade are commanded by General Gist, colonel Wilson, brigadier-General Gregg, and [M. D.]Ector. Walker hat about thirty guns.

Major-General French's DIVISION, about 4,000. French's brigade are commanded by Brigadier-General McNair and two others. As near as I could learn, but three brigades composed this DIVISION. French has two batteries-twelve guns.

Major General John C. Breckinridge's DIVISION, about 5,000. Of his brigade commanders, I am not well informed. He has a heavy proportion of artillery. His troops are mostly Kentuckians and Tennesseans, and his DIVISIONS is considered the best in Johnston's army.

Brigadier-General Jackson's cavalry DIVISION and several detached companies will number about 3,000. One brigade is commanded by General Cosby; the other General WITFIELD. He has but two brigades, having consolidated his command.

The disposition of the enemy's (rebel) force in their fortifications is a follows:

Loring of the right, next Walker, next French, and last(on their left)Breckinridge.

The cavalry is camped in the rear about a mile, in order to afford protection to the wagon trains, which are immense.

