
The 32-pounder were destroyed by burning the carriages and knocking off the trunnions.

The infantry accouterments destroyed were of poor quality, being made of pasteboard, covered with a light oiled cloth, and, with our limited transportation, were not considered of sufficient value to haul to Vicksburg.

The muskets destroyed were more or less damaged in different parts; and having been instructed by the commanding general to use my discretion, I deemed it prudent to destroy them by breaking them up throwing them into sinks,&amp;c., rather than to attempt the difficult task of finding means of conveyance for them to Vicksburg.

The fixed ammunition destroyed by the provost-marshal was not discovered in time to great transportation for it, the train having left; consequently I order it destruction by a detail from the provost guard.

The shot and shell I ordered to be thrown into bayous and branches, were they would sink into the mud. Pearl River being shallow and clear, they could be easily recovered from it.

The destruction of the piers of the railroad bridge across Pearl River, though not coming under the head of ordnance, may be mentioned here, having been done under my supervision. I mention, for the information of the commanding general, that 388 rounds of ammunition were expended in effecting their destruction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EZRA TAYLOR,

Major First Illinois Light Artillery, chief of Artillery Fifteenth A. C.

Number 2. Return of casualties in the union forces engaged in the siege of Jackson, MISS., July 10-16, 1863.

Captured or

Killed	 Wounded	 MISSING

Command	 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enlis	 Offi	 Enlis	 Aggre

 cers	 sted	 cers	 ted	 cers	 ted	 gate

 	 men	 	 men	 	 men

EXPEDITIONARY	 ---	 2	 ---	 10	 ---	 ---	 12

ARMY. Major

General WILLIAM

T. SHERMAN.

NINTH ARMY

CORPS. Major

General John G.

PARKE. FIRST

DIVISION.

Brigadier

General Thomas

WELSH. First

Brigade.

Colonel HENRY

BOWMAN. 36th

Massachusetts

17th Michigan	 ---	 ---	 ---	 4	 ---	 ---	 4

27th Michigan	 ---	 2	 1	 5	 ---	 1	 9

45th	 1	 2	 ---	 6	 ---	 ---	 9

Pennsylvania

Total First	 1	 6	 1	 25	 ---	 1	 34

Brigade

