
OFFICERS MORTALLY WOUNDED.

ILLINOIS.

Major William J. Stephenson, 48th Infantry.

Captain James E. Hudson, 53rd Infantry.

Lieutenant George W. Hemstreet, 53rd Infantry.

INDIANA.

Lieutenant Jefferson Poling, 34th Infantry.

Lieutenant William F. Jerauld, 97th Infantry.

IOWA.

Captain John L. Ruckman, 3rd Infantry.

Lieutenant Abner H. McMurtrie, 3rd Infantry.

Lieutenant Joseph Ruckman, 3rd Infantry.

MICHIGAN.

Lieutenant Harper S. Richardson, 27th Infantry.

NEW HAMPSHIRE.

Captain S. Judson Alexander, 9th Infantry.

OHIO.

Lieutenant Hiram E. Totten, 120th Infantry.

Number 3. Report of Colonel Cyrus Bussey, THIRD Iowa Cavalry, commanding cavalry forces. Headquarters cavalry FORCES, Near Clinton, MISS., July 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the forces under my command during the expedition against Jackson, MISS.:

In obedience to orders from head	quarters Expeditionary Army, I left camp near Big Black River on the morning of the 7th instant, and moved down to Messinger's Ferry, where I found the Fifteenth Army Corps all over and moving forward on the Bolton road. I moved my command to the front of the column, and pushed forward to near Jeff. Davis' plantation, when my advance was fired on by a small force of rebel Cavalry. Before I could ascertain their numbers, they disappeared. I reached Bolton at 1 p. m., and camped for the night.

On the evening of the 8th, I was ordered forward with my command on the road to Clinton. I had proceeded about 2 miles, when my advance guard(THIRD Iowa Cavalry, under Major Noble)encountered the enemy. I ordered the advance to charge them, which they did on fine style, driving them 3 or 4 miles.

When within 3 miles of Clinton, the enemy were discovered in force, strongly posted in the woods and behind a fence. I detached a com any of the THIRD Iowa cavalry and one of the FIFTH Illinois Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hammond, to move to the right of the road and flank the enemy, while the advance, supported by Major Scott, pressed forward on the main road. Colonel Hammond reached the enemy's left and opened fire, which was returned. He then pressed

