
forward to a fence, which his men threw down under a heavy fire. At this time the advance charged the enemy with success, driving him from the field.

One mile farther on the rebels were again found in line, and driven from the field by Major Seley, of the FIFTH Illinois Cavalry. Colonel Hammond moved forward, at some distance to the right of the road, to within a mile of Clinton, where General WITFIELD; 's brigade, of Jackson's cavalry DIVISION, was strongly posted in line of battle. After severe skirmishing, the enemy retired, and were not pursued, it being already dark. I formed my men in line in the edge of the woods and camped for the night.

On the morning of the 9th, I moved on of the Jackson road 4 miles, were I found the enemy in position. Skirmishing was kept up for several hours, until the arrival of the NINTH Army Corps on right flank of the enemy caused him to retire.

On the 10th, I moved to the Livingston road, thence to the vicinity of the inane asylum, where the enemy were found in force. I sent forward the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, under Colonel Winslow, and after some slight skirmishing, my command encamped at the asylum. During this day a party was sent to Pearl River, which destroyed a portion of the railroad track, cut the telegraph wires,&amp;c., and returned.

On the 11th, I left camp at 4 p. m. and moved out on the Livingston road 6 miles, thence east 5 miles, to the Jackson and New Orleans Railroad, which point I reached at 10 p. m. I dismounted the THIRD and Fourth Iowa Cavalry, and destroyed a half mile of track. At 12 o'clock we proceeded to within 12 miles of Calhoun, and camped at 2 a. m.

At 6 a. m. of the 12th, I arrived at Calhoun, were I bur25 cars, the depot(containing 100 bales of cotton), and destroyed the road for half a mile. I moved on toward Canton, and, when within 2 miles of that place, encountered the enemy, strongly posted in thick woods near Bear Creek. After a severe skirmish, during which I captured several prisoners, I learned the enemy's force was much larger than my own, and finding his position very strong, I determined to give up the attempt to enter the town, and moved to Beatties Ford, on Big Black, where I arrived at 1 p. m. I rested here till 6 o'clock, and moved to Vernon, arriving at 10 p. m.

On the 13th, I marched at 3 a. m., and reached my camp near Jackson at 2 p. m.

On the 14th, I ordered Major Farnan, with the FIFTH Illinois Cavalry, to Pearl River, to examine the ferries and fords. In performing this duty, he encountered a picket at the ferry, which retired after setting fire to the boat.

On the 16th instant, I moved out on the Canton road, with 1,000 cavalry and Wood's brigade of infantry, with four pieces of artillery, the whole numbering 2,000 men. We proceeded to the Grant's Mills Ferry, where we found a small force of the enemy, which retired after skirmishing with our advance. After burning a large lot of lumber, and destroying the ferry-boat and several small boats, we proceeded in the direction of Canton, detaching the Fourth Iowa and FIFTH Illinois, under command of Colonel Winslow, to destroy a pontoon bridge over Pearl River, near Madisonville, while my main force proceeded to Calhoun. Colonel Winslow performed the duty assigned him, and reached Calhoun at 6 o'clock. While at this place, colonel Wood's brigade destroyed a mile of the railroad and burned a bridge.

On the 17th, we left Calhoun at 5 a. m. proceeded to within 2 miles of Canton, where my advance guard, commanded by Colonel

