
Stephens, SECOND Wisconsin Cavalry, found the enemy in force. The rebel line extended from Bear Creek WEST on the Beatties Bluff road as far as we could see-about a mile-and commanded the Canton two regiments of infantry and one section of artillery of Colonel Wood's brigade were ordered forward, and took position in the open field to the right and left to again our rear, with the evident intention of attacking our wagon train, which was not yet parked. This movement came near being successful. I ordered one piece of artillery to the point threatened and sent forward down the Livingston road a battalion of the FIFTH Illinois Cavalry, under Major Farnan. This movement checked the enemy's advance in that direction. The major opened fire a short range and emptied several saddles. The enemy continued to concentrate within 400 yards of our train, throwing down fences a preparing to charge the small force opposed to them. At this time the THIRD and Fourth Iowa cavalry formed in line and moved trough the opened field to the left, while I posted the piece of artillery in the road, supported by the Seventy-Sixth Ohio and Twenty-FIFTH Iowa, and opened fire with shall a short range. The enemy fell back in confusion trough the corn-field, but soon rallied and again advanced. I the ordered the artillery and infantry forward into the field to the left on the Livingston road, and sent forward skirmishers, who soon encountered the enemy. A few shots from the gun, and the advance of our cavalry on the extreme left, drove the enemy from the field in great confusion. He suffered a loss of a number out toward the scene of the engagement and returning to the Beatties's Bluff road. During this time Colonel Woods advanced his infantry to the road, cutting of the enemy's communication with the force posted on Bear Creek. The force on the left disappeared on a plantation road leading around to Canton. I now sent forward the Forth Iowa Cavalry, colonel Winslow, to support the flanks of Colonel Woods' Infantry, near Bear Creek; at the same time he moved one battalion on the main road to the end of the lane. The column reached the bridge near the thick brush on Bear Creek, when the enemy opened fire on the column from two pieces of artillery, one 6 and one 12 pounder, but without doing any damage. Our column moved back of range, and the infantry advanced as skirmishers to find the position of the enemy. Colonel Woods drove them from their position, which was found to be a very strong one. The destroyed the bridges, and retired into the town about 6 p. m., our advance being within 1 mile of Canton. I did not deem it prudent no attempt to enter at so late an hour; we therefore encamped near the creek and cared for our wounded. On the morning of the 18th, I entered the town of Canton without opposition, the enemy having retired to Pearl River during the night. Colonel Woods commenced the destruction of the railroad at an early hour, and continued the work all day, destroying several miles of the track of the New Orleans and Jackson and MISSISSIPPI Central Railroads. While this work was going on, I sent a cavalry force, under Colonel Winslow, fourth Iowa Cavalry to the railroad bridge over Big Black, whHe also burned a mile of trestle-work of the road and depots at Way's Bluff. At Canton, in connection with Colonel Woods, I effectually destroyed the Dixie Works, an extensive manufacturing establishment used by the confederate Government; also thirteen extensive machine-shops and railroad buildings, with a vast quantity of machinery. Five locomotives and about 40 cars

