
were burned broken to pieces, and about 100,000 feet of lumber designed to be used by the Confederate Government in the construction of wagons, gun carriages, and other purposes, were burned.

Having completely destroyed every dollar's worth of public property found in the place, I retired across Bear Creek, where we camped for the night. During my stay in Canton I kept a strong guard around the town, cavalry patrol trough the streets, which effectually protected the citizens from any depredations whatever. My cavalry captured and turned over to Colonel Woods about 15 prisoners of war. I also paroled about 50 convalescent soldiers found in the town and vicinity. On the 19th, I returned, without incident, to Jackson. My whole command have been in the saddle every day for a month past; have endured many privations and hardship without complaint.

I take great pleasure in reporting a decided improvement in the discipline of my whole command. Regimental and company officers have been attentive to their duties. I cannot make destructions where all have performed their duties well, but justice requires that I acknowledge important service rendered me by Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Hammond, assistant-adjutant general on the staff of General Sherman, in the engagement with Whitfield's brigade, on the 8th. Captain H. D. /B. Cutler, acting assistant-adjutant general, and Lieutenant D. E. Jones, acting assistant quartermaster, of my staff, also deserve mention for valuable service rendered during the champaign. I have honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Forces.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Number 4. Reports of Major General John. G. Parke, u. S. Army, commanding NINTH Army Corps. HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 15, 1863

GENERAL: A man has just come into our lines from the rear, named A. Leroy Carter, representing himself to be of the THIRD Iowa Infantry, and Just escaped from Jackson Cavalry. This man states that he has been a prisoner since January 4, and detained because he was caught plundering. He has since been kept under guard, and attached to the blacksmith of farrier's department for Jackson's DIVISION. He says his regiment is in Lauman's DIVISION, and recognized some of his old friends prisoners in Jackson's DIVISIONS of cavalry left Jackson last night, crossed the river, went up the opposite bank about 14 miles, and recrossed on a trestle-bridge about 4 miles above Grant's Ferry. During their halt he escaped and rode into our lines. He says Jackson is headed this way, and the idea among the men was that he would attack our rear., so that they could make a sortie simultaneously on our front. Certainly a bold scheme. I have had one or two reports from the front this

