
morning that the enemy's force was increasing. Would it not be well to let Bussey and the brigade hunt this party up?

He gives the following list and strength of regiments: Cosby's brigade-volunteer regiment, 400; First MISSISSIPPI, 200; Starke's regiment, 800; Wirt Adams',1,000, Ross' detachment-Sixt Texas, 350; Brigades' battalion, 200. Whitfield's brigade-NINTH Texas, 300; THIRD Texas, 400; and Texas Legion, 180; Total, 4,230.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

Headquarters NINTH CORPS,

July 16, 1863.

GENERAL: I had my line of skirmishers to advanced at about 11 a. m., and they found the enemy in force, i. E., their skirmishers with strong reserves. Along and near the railroad the enemy was driven out of a piece of woods, and, as our men emerged into a corn-field, colonel Corse found himself confronted by a battery of eight brass pieces and he thinks there heavy guns; he recognized one iron piece. His command suffered somewhat. As soon as a receive detailed reports from the commanders in front, they will be forwarded. I am satisfied that the enemy is strongly intrenched in front of our position, and holds his line obstinately.

Yours, respectfully,

JNumber G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding,&amp;c.

Headquarters NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Milldale, MISS., July 31, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance of instructions of July 19, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command while serving with the Expeditionary Army commanded by Major General W. T. Sherman, against the Confederate forces under General Joseph E. Johnston:

My command consisted of the First DIVISION, ninth 6th Corps, brigadier General Thomas Welsh commanding; SECOND DIVISION, NINTH Corps, brigadier General R. B. Potter commanding; and the First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Corps, brigadier General William Sooy Smith commanding.

On the fall Vicksburg and the receipt of orders to move, this force occupied the line extending from Oak Ridge Post-office to Briers', connecting were constructed, covering the approaches from the north and eastward.

On the afternoon of the 4th of July, the command moved in the direction of Jones Ford and Birdsong Ferry. Reaching those points in the morning of the 5th. We found the enemy occupying the opposite bank, and our skirmishers were immediately engaged. Owing to the configuration of the ground, and the heavy timber, with thick underbrush, the enemy was enabled with a small force, completely covered

