
by the high bank, to prevent our men from approaching the ford or fording for the purpose of making any examination as to depth of water until after nightfall. It was them found that the ford was impracticable for all arms.

On the 6th, a lodgment was effected on the opposite bank, and, by dint of constant exertion, a bridge was built, and the two DIVISIONS of the NINTH Corps were crossed on the 7th. In the mean time the ferry-boat had been discovered, raised, and put in working order. By this means General Smith's DIVISION crossed.

On the evening on the 7th, we moved out from Birdsong Ferry, and bivouacked at 10 p. m. at Robertson's, adjoining Jeff. Davis' plantation, near Bolton.

On the afternoon in the 8th, we moved on the main road, but finding that we came in contact with General Steele's command, we took a side road, and, making a detour, we again bivouacked at 10 p. m. within a few miles of Clinton.

On the 9th, we made and early start, but soon came up to the rear of Steele's column. Finding that there was but one main road for us north of the railroad leading to Jackson, we diverged, and, after a good deal of labor, cutting trough timber, we succeeded in opening a road thought the plantations, nearly parallel with the main road. Toward sundown we came upon the enemy's Cavalry, when some skirmishing ensued, in which both the enemy and ourselves used artillery. Finding that the head of my column was as far advanced as that of General Ord's, we bivouacked, and started of the morning of the 10th over a plantation road, that brought us out on the Livingston and Canton road, 5 miles north of Jackson.

As we neared Jackson, the enemy's vedettes and pickets were driven in, until we approached the insane asylum ridge. This ridge was reported occupied by the enemy, both in infantry and artillery. Dispositions were made for taking and holding this ridge, it being all important to us in operations against town of Jackson.

The enemy retired as our line advanced, and a dark we occupied a line at right angles to the Canton road, and extending from near Pearl River over to the Livingston road, crossing the railroad.

On the morning of the 11th, the line was advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers and reserves within their intrenchments. This line was held by our troops, although and continuous firing was kept up by the skirmishers and at intervals by the artillery. We found the enemy posted behind a continuous line of rifle-pits, with batteries and intervals, raking the road and approaches. Our men were covered and protected as much as possible, and epaulements thrown up for our batteries as rapidly as the limited supply of tools would admit.

The enemy several attempts to drive our skirmishers, but were as often repulsed.

On the 16th, and advance of my whole was ordered, with the view of ascertaining the strength of the enemy and the position and number of the batteries. This advance was made in gallant style, but with severe loss, particulary in General Smith's DIVISION. It developed the enemy in force behind his intrenchments, with formidable batteries, which made free use of shrapnel, canister, and shell.

During the night of the 16th, movements of the enemy were reported. Early in the morning of the 17th, the whole line advanced, but soon found that the enemy had retired. General Ferrero, commanding brigade of General Potter's DIVISION, moved into town, and immediately established guards and patrols. One SECOND lieutenant and 137 en-

