
listed men were taken prisoners. On the arrival of General Blair's DIVISION, the brigade of General Potter's DIVISION was withdraw. The command was then encamped near Pear River. The destruction of the railroad north of Jackson was then commenced, and by the evening of the 19th about 15 miles of track were rendered totally unfit for service. The ties were burned and the rails bent.
On the morning of the 20th, I started, with the two DIVISIONS of the NINTH Corps, to return to old position at Milldale, near Snyder's Bluff, and reached our camp on the evening of the 23rd, when I reported to General Grant.

Herewith I have the honor to transmit the reports of the DIVISION commanders, embracing a list of casualties.

Before crossing this report, I take great pleasure in stating that the conduct of the officers and men throughout the campaign fully equaled my highest expectations, although the excessive heat, dusty roads, and great scarcity of water tried them to the utmost.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Liet. Colonel J. H. HAMMOND,

Chief of Staff.

Number 5. Report of Brigadier General Thomas Welsh, u. S. Army, commanding First DIVISION. Headquarters FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Jackson, MISS., July 20, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from headquarters NINTH Army Corps, I have the honor to report that, immediately after the announcement of the capitulation of the enemy's forces in Vicksburg, this DIVISION left camp for near Flower Hill Church, mis., July 4, 1863, and proceeded toward the Big Black River, bivouacking the same night at Young's Cross Roads, and marching on the 5th to within 2 miles of the river.

During the 6th and part of the 7th, the First Brigade, colonel Bowman commanding, constructed a bridge, under the immediate direction of the major-general commanding the corps, over which, during the day and night, the infantry and artillery of the DIVISION passed safely(our supply and baggage train having crossed at a point lower down the river)

During the 8th and 9th, and forenoon of the 10th, the DIVISION moved toward the city of Jackson, closely following General Smith's DIVISION, also attached to the NINTH Corps. At 9 p. m. of the 10th, having arrived within 3 miles of the city of Jackson, I received orders from Major-General Parke to prepare my DIVISION for battle, and advance toward the city, with a view to driving such portion of the enemy as might be discovered the between the Canton road and Pearl River.

I immediately formed the DIVISION for battle, placing the First Brigade, colonel Bowman commanding, on the right (SECOND Brigade having previously been transferred to the SECOND DIVISION), and the THIRD Brigade, colonel Leasure commanding, on the left. The Forty-FIFTH Pennsylvania Volunteers, colonel Curtin commanding, and the Seventy-NINTH(Highlanders)New York Volunteers, colonel Morrison com-

