
manding were thrown forward and skirmishers. I then put the DIVISION in mention. My skirmishers soon came in contact with the vedettes of the enemy near the railroad, leading from Jackson to Grenada, driving and pursuing them rapidly from the railroad to and past the lunatic asylum. It being now nearly dark, my line greatly extended, and somewhat deranged in consequence of the rapid advance over rough ground and trough dense woods, I halted the DIVISION for the purpose of reconstructing.

I sent the First Brigade toward the left and drew the THIRD Brigade toward the right, so as to connect the two brigades in line, the right about 500 yards to the front and left to the asylum, and the left extending toward Pearl River. The Seventy-NINTH New York was relieved by the SECOND Michigan, colonel Humphrey, as skirmishers in front and then bivouacked for the night.

Returning to the asylum, I discovered to the brigade of Brigadier. General Smith's DIVISION, supporting my right, had been withdrawn-Deeming if of the utmost importance that the Canton road should be well guarded, I requested the major-general commanding to send me one or two regiments for that purpose, and, in accordance

with my request, the Forty-sixth New York and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel Gerhardt, very promptly reported to me for that duty, guarding the road safely during the night and the following day. During the night I received orders from the major-general commanding the corps to press forward early in the morning until checked by the enemy's artillery. At daybreak of the 11th, the DIVISION again started forward, the line of skirmishers almost immediately encountering those of the enemy, and, although sustaining a heavy fire, forced the enemy back forward the city. So rapid was the advance of my skirmishers that they succeeded in driving the enemy's line of skirmishers, as well as their reserve, back to their main supports; charged and drove their main body on my left back into their works. The enemy having opened with his artillery, I caused the DIVISION to halt, and re-established its line, sheltering the troops at much as possible from the shot and shell now firing from the batteries located on the Canton road.

The SECOND Michigan Volunteers, skirmishing of the left, having, in their gallant routing of their enemies, advanced too far for support, were now withdrawn behind the ridge facing of the enemy's works, retiring in good order and bringing with them their wounded comrades.

The Forty-FIFTH Pennsylvania Volunteers skirmishing on my right, advanced within 500 yards of the enemy's works, also driving the enemy into their works.

The DIVISION maintained this advanced position during the day and night, and were relieved on the morning of the 12th by the SECOND DIVISION of the corps, commanded by Brigadier-General Potter.

During the 12th and 13th, the DIVISION occupied the woods to the left of the asylum.

On the morning of the 14th, the DIVISION again relieved General Potter's command, remaining in our former advanced position until the morning of the 16th, when we were again relieved by General Potter's command.

On the 17th(the enemy having abandoned the city of Jackson during the night previous), my DIVISION, in obedience to orders from corps headquarters, moved by the Canton road(north) to Grant's Mills, for the purpose of intercepting the enemy's Cavalry, which it was supposed would attempt to cross the Pearl River at that points. No enemy appearing,

