
on the 18th, I sent a force to destroy to Jackson and Grenada Railroad, and on the 19th returned with my command and rejoined the corps at this place.

In the various and arduous duties of the DIVISION during the expedition, I have found officers and enlisted men striving to perform their every duty. In the heavy skirmishing before city of Jackson, the troops of the DIVISION have sustained their well-earned reputation. The new regiments that had no hitherto been in action fought like their veteran comrades; officer and men alike, from the different States, striving for the good of our glorious country.

Our wounded heroes deserve the highest consideration at our hands and from the country they have served so well.

Where all have done so nobly it would be wrong to particularize. My entire command have my thanks for courage and good conduct. I was ably and intelligently assisted by my staff.

The brigade commanders handled their brigades skillfully and well, and have my thanks.

I submit herewith a separate report of the operation of Captain Edward's battery during the action before Jackson, presuming that a separate report of the operations of the artillery has been made by its chief direct to corps headquarters. I also submit herewith a table of casualties. *All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. WELSH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First DIVISION.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 6. Report of Captain John Edwards, Jr., THIRD U. S. Artillery. CAMP near THE YAZOO, Mississippi, July 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of Batteries L and M, THIRD U. S. Artillery, in the recent movement upon the town of Jackson, MISS.

On the morning on the 11th of July, while the infantry was advancing upon the wooded ravine to the left of the Canton road and near the town, the battery was moved to the height east of the insane asylum, and there awaited the development of the movement of the infantry, preparatory to advancing. The works of the enemy having been disclosed by the advance of the infantry skirmishers, the battery remained on this commanding height, from which the State and court house of the town could be seen, as also the enemy's works upon the Canton road. A solid shot (12-pounder) from the latter works carried off one of the battery horses on this day. At night a work was thrown up on the same height, under the direction of Lieutenant Sinclair. The guns were placed in position on the following morning, and 120 rounds of shall and case-shot were fired. The faire was mainly directed upon the town in the direction of the State-house. A few shots were thrown into the works on the Canton road.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 542, 543.

---------------

