
On the 14th, 137 rounds of shell and case-shot were fired, direct upon the town as before. No damage, save the loss of one horse, was suffered by the battery, although the enemy fired a few rounds from a 32-pounder rifled gun and 20-pounder Parrotts. Some of this shot stuck in front of the battery and ricocheted beyond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN EDWARDS, Jr.,

Captain THIRD U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Number 7. Report of Colonel Henry Bowman, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST. Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Near Jackson, MISS., July 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from headquarters First Division, NINTH Army Corps, bearing date Grant's Mill, July 18, 1863, requesting a detailed report of the operations of this brigade on the expedition from the 4th to the 17th instant, I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report:

On Saturday forenoon, July 4, three regiments of the brigade, namely, forth-FIFTH Pennsylvania Volunteers, SEVENTEENTH and Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, them in camp near Oak Ridge, MISS., received orders to prepare five day's rations. And to be in readiness to march at a moment's notice. At 3 p. m. Received orders to move, and a $o'clock regiments above named broke camp and moved upon the road leading to Big Black River. Marched a distance of 5 1/2 miles, and bivouacked for the night near Young's Cross-Roads.

Early on the morning of the 5th, the Thirty-sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, which for some time had been encamped near the junction of the Benton and Milldale roads, joined the brigade.

During the afternoon of the 5th, the brigade advanced about 2 miles, and bivouacked for the night within 1 1/2 miles of Big Black River.

On the 6th instant, marched to Big Black River, and the brigade was immediately detailed to construct a bridge across the river.

The works was prosecuted with vigor during the night, and also during the forenoon of July 7. At noon the bridge was completed and the brigade effected a crossing at once.

The construction of this bridge was attended with much difficulty, owing to the darkness of the night, the depth of the stream, and the height and steepness of the banns. Having crossed the river, we continued the march, which was followed during the remainder of the afternoon.

At 10 p. m. we went into camp in the midst of a violent tempest of thunder, lightning, and rain. The men were completely drenched. remained in camp until the afternoon of the 8th, a strong picked being stationed on the right flank of the DIVISION. At 3 p. m. took up our line of march in rear of the THIRD Brigade. Up to this time brigade had the advance. The Forty-FIFTH Pennsylvania Volunteers were detailed as a rear guard for the entire corps, but were relieved during the next day and joined the brigade.

We marched until nearly midnight of the 8th, when we went into bivouac for the night in the woods, having marched a distance of 10 miles. A strong picked force was thrown out on two roads leading from the point

