
where we bivouacked. At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 9th, we marched again, and continued, with frequent halts, to march until sundown, when we arrived at Clinton, a distance of 10 miles. remained at this place during the night. Up to this time we and seen no enemy, although of July 10, we received orders to move at once in light marching order, within three day's rations. Having moved on a distance of a mile, the corps was formed and marched across the fields, all ready for any action which might occur.

The advance was made with some caution, as the enemy was known to be in our immediate front. At 2. 30 p. m. arrived within 1 4/4 miles of the town of Jackson, capital of MISSISSIPPI. The enemy was discovered to be posted in the woods, and between us and the woods lay a plain of about three-fourths of a mile and width. Not knowing the strength of the enemy's position, it was determined to ascertain it, and accordingly a line of battle was formed, with the Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers on the right, the SEVENTEENTH Michigan Volunteers on the left, while the center was occupied by the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers. The Forty-FIFTH Pennsylvania Volunteers were thrown out as skirmishers, to connect with the skirmishers of Brigadier-General Smith on our right, and those of Colonel D. Leasure commanding THIRD Brigade) on our left. The skirmishers of the entire line advanced, supported at a distance of about 400 yards.

Sharp firing commenced in a corn-field about half-way across the plain. Our skirmishers steadily drove those of the enemy. And continued the advance in a fine manner, driving the rebels into the woods.

When the right of our line of battle entered the woods, the skirmishers of General Smith were nearly 100 yards in near of us. The rebel skirmishers, who proved to be Cavalry, fled on our entrance to the woods.

Our skirmishers took possession of the State lunatic asylum, and the colors of the Forth-FIFTH were flying from the cupola.

Continued to advance until dusk, when we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 11th, commenced to advance. Encountered the rebel infantry, deployed the resist. Brisk musketry firing was kept up during the entire day. Advanced until we discovered a rebel battery to our right, when orders were received to halt, but to hold the position.

At 10 a. m. It became necessary to re-enforce the skirmishers, which was done by two companies of the Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers. Whilst deploying Company F, which was done under a severe fire, it had the misfortune to suffer a loss of 2 killed and 6 wounded. The brigade was drawn up in the woods, but was all day exposed to a severe from the enemy's batteries, which threw grape and shell very rapidly at intervals. At 4 p. m. the Forty-FIFTH and two companies of the Thirty-sixth were relieved by the SEVENTEENTH Michigan Volunteers. At sundown the enemy made a desperate attempt to drive the skirmishers from their well-chosen position, but, after re-enforcing the SEVENTEENTH with two companies of the Thirty-sixth Massachusetts and two from the Twenty-seventh Michigan, we were enabled to drive back the enemy and maintain our position.

On the morning of the 12th, were relieved by a portion of the SECOND DIVISION, and this brigade retired to the rear.

During the 12th and 13th, lay in camp in the woods, in rear of the asylum.

On the 14th and 15th, were again in the front, and occupied rifle-pits.

On the 16th, were in camp, in rear of the asylum.

36 R R-VOL XXIV, PT II

