
On the morning of the 17th, received marching orders, and at 11. 30 the brigade moved on the Canton road. Marched until 1. 30 p. m., when we halted for dinner. Resumed our march at 3 o'clock, and arrived near Grant's Mills at sunset, having marched a distance of 8 miles. A strong picket was stationed at several points, both in front and rear.

During the skirmishes in which the brigade has been engaged during the past week we have had the misfortune to suffer a loss of 34 killed and wounded, among whom was Lieutenant Richard Humphreys, Forty-FIFTH Pennsylvania Volunteers, who fell while in the discharge of his duty as an officer and a man.

The conduct of both officers and men was so universally creditable that I do not consider it necessary to particularize all the parties by name. Suffice it to say every man in the command seemed imbued with a spirit of determination to do his whole duty.

I herewith inclose a list of casualties. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BOWMAN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, NINTH Army Corps.

Numbers 8 Report of Colonel Daniel Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade. GRANT'S MILLS, PEARL RIVER, Mississippi, July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of this command from the 4th day of July until the 16th, both inclusive, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding the DIVISION.

On the 4th day of July, this command, composed of the Seventy-NINTH Regiment New York Volunteers (Highlanders), Colonel Morrison commanding; the SECOND Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Colonel Humphrey commanding; the One hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers (Roundheads), Lieutenant-Colonel Dawson commanding; the Eighth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Colonel Graves commanding, and the Twentieth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Smith commanding, were encamped at Flower Hill Church, 15 miles east of Vicksburg.

The enemy's forces in Vicksburg having surrendered unconditionally to the forces under Major-General Grant, orders were received at these headquarters to break camp and move in light marching order toward the Big Black River at 4 p. m. At 4 o'clock we marched, and bivouacked after marching 8 miles.

On the 5th, we bivouacked near the Big Black, and on the 6th we crossed that river and marched toward the city of Jackson, the capital of the State, the NINTH Army Corps, Major-General Parke commanding, forming the extreme left of the advancing columns, our course being such as to throw us, with the left of our line resting on Pearl River, north of the city.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement p. 542.

---------------

