
that duty until it rejoined the command on the 17th, on the march up Pearl River.

On the 14th and 15th, 1,200 men of this command, with a like number from Colonel Bowman's brigade, relieved the SECOND DIVISION in the front, having, during the intervening two days, been on duty as picket, in support of Edwards' battery, or on fatigue.

On the 16th, a general demonstration was made all along the line of our army, and this command was in position for some hours, but the object of the demonstration having been accomplished, I returned to my old position, after having sent the Seventy-NINTH Regiment New York Volunteers to make a reconnaissance to our left, along the Pearl River, which was most satisfactorily done. During the night of the 16th, the enemy evacuated Jackson, and the period of active operations in the field was at a close.

I deem it my duty, as it is also a great pleasure, to bear testimony to the gallant conduct of every officer and man of this command while in the face of the enemy and in action. Where all did their duty it would be invidious to mention names with eulogy. This much I may say for the officers and men of the SECOND Michigan Volunteers: They one and all proved themselves worthy of every commendation, and, if that were possible, all deserve promotion; while at the same time even that gallant corps will admit that, had the day of trial and of honor fallen upon any other regiment of this command, it would no doubt have proved itself equally true to duty and worthy of our highest esteem.

Accompanying, please find report of Colonel Humphrey, and report of casualties. *

On the evening of the 10th, Lieutenant Gilmore, adjutant of the Seventy-NINTH New York Volunteers, was taken prisoner by a small party of the enemy's cavalry while going to the rear to bring forward the company cooks, who had remained behind.

On the 11th, Lieutenant Baker, acting quartermaster Eighth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, was wounded in the side of the head while standing in the rear of our line of battle observing the progress of the fight.

Recapitulation of casualties. -Killed, wounded, and MISSING: SECOND Michigan Volunteers, 59; Seventy-NINTH New York Volunteers, 1; Eighth Michigan Volunteers, 1. Total, 61.

I trust it may not be deemed out of place in this report to speak of the fidelity with which the surgeons of their commands discharged their duties to the wounded. To their untiring efforts I have no doubt we are largely indebted for the small ratio of deaths after such very serious wounds as were most of those received at close quarters on the 11th; and, further, to express my astonishment and regret at the almost total deficiency of necessary medicines and stimulants placed at their disposal.

I have the honor to report as above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL LEASURE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 543.

---------------

