
Headquarters SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,

On Canton Road, near Jackson, MISS., July 18, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the troops of my DIVISION relieved General Welsh's troops on the morning of the 16th instant. A report of a movement to feel the enemy's lines on that has heretofore been sent in.

About 11 p. m. of the 16th, it was reported to me that the enemy was in motion. I at once reported the same to headquarters, and got my reserves, consisting of Griffin's brigade and Durell's and Roemer's batteries ready to move. I then proceeded to the front, and visited the line of skirmishers. I found the enemy's pickets still in position, but the noise of the enemy's movements, reported by General Ferrero, had mostly ceased. I remained here until 1 a. m. of the 17th. General Ferrero was to relieve his pickets and skirmishers at 2 a. m. I ordered him to have everything ready to move at daybreak, and, if he found the enemy were not in force, to move forward to me that he was inside the enemy's works and advancing on the town, which he occupied at 6 a. M, the Thirty-FIFTH Massachusetts Volunteers, lieutenant-Colonel [R. Charlton] Mitchell [FIFTY-first New York], having the advance. I inclose a copy of his report, together with a list the casualties in my command on the 16th and 17th instant. *

Commending the conduct of the troops engaged to the general commanding, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jackson, MISS., July 19, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this command moved from McCalle's at 5 p. m. of the 4th instant; moved about 5 miles and halted. On the 5th we moved on to Hill's. On the afternoon of the 7th, two brigades crossed the river at Birdsong Ferry. The brigade at that point giving way, the First Brigade(Colonel Griffin's) and Roemer's battery were obliged to pass around by Messinger's. The command halted at Manuel's. Moved from Manuel's at 4 p. m. of the 8th, leaving Griffin's brigade and Roemer's battery to cover the train and bring up the rear, halting at Hall's Cross-Roads. Moved forward about 12 miles on the 9th. On the 10th, moved forward to the crossing of the roads to Brownsville and Pearl River. Here I disposed my men to cover our flanks and rear. Moved forward in the evening to a [point on the railroad about half a mile from the asylum, leaving Griffin's brigade at the cross roads, and sending two regiments to the assistance of General Welsh.

On the 11th, moved forward, placing Christ's brigade as supports to Edwards' and Benjamin's batteries, sending the First Brigade to support General Welsh, and deploying the FIFTY-first New York as skirmishers on the extreme left of our line. Griffin's brigade was also employed destroying the railroad north of Jackson.

I relieved General Welsh entire command of the 12th, holding the front until relieved by General Welsh on the 14th, when I returned my command to the support of the batteries.

On the afternoon of the 13th, the enemy tried to drive back part my line, but were repulsed.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 543.

---------------

