
On the 15th, I sent out a force to reconnoiter between our left and the river.

On the 16th, I again relieved General Welsh with the SECOND and THIRD Brigades, under General Ferrero, holding the first inn reserve, having that day quite a sharp engagement with the enemy in trying to advance my line.

Advanced on the enemy's works at daylight of the 17th and found them evacuated, and entered and took possession of the town, finding there 137 prisoners, about 1,000 stand of small-arms, and some stores ands ammunition. One heavy siege gun was left mounted of the works in our front. My command was relieved by a portion of General Steele's and returned to camp about midday. A complete list if the casualties in the command has been furnished. *I regret that it included Lieutenant-Colonel Brenholtz, commanding the FIFTIETH Pennsylvania Volunteered, dangerously wounded; a most gallant and efficient officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 11 Report of Colonel Simon G. Griffin, Sixth New Hampshire Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Near Jackson, MISS., July 19, 1863,

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent expedition:

I left my camp near McCall's, MISS., on the afternoon of July 4, and moved in the direction of Birdsong Ferry, and arrived it that vicinity on the afternoon of the 5th. Here we went into camp(owing to the delay in building the bridge across the Big Black)until the afternoon of the 7th, when we marched to the river bank.

My brigade with Roemer's battery, was to serve as rear guard of the corps.

Upon my arrival at the river, the artillery belonging to the First DIVISION had not yet crossed, and while Durell's battery was crossing the brigade suddenly broke and was entirely swept away.

It was now night, and severe storm arising, I was for a time unable to commence crossing, and the only means of transportation was a small raft.

At midnight I commenced the work, and by 8 a. m. of the 8th had crossed with the infantry.

At daylight I had the ferry-boat at Birdsong Ferry put in order to transport the animals and ambulances belonging to my command. The artillery remaining was ordered to cross at Messinger's.

On the 8th, I marched as far as Dr. Manuel's, in the direction of Jackson, were I bivouacked for the night. Here I was joined by Roemer's battery and one section of Durrell's battery.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, reports 6 men killed, 2 officers and 35 men wounded, and 2 officers and 1 man MISSING.

---------------

