
On the 9th, I marched to within about 1 mile of the town of Clinton, where I bivouacked for the night.

On the 10th, I joined the DIVISION, and marched to a point within about 3 miles of the city, at the cross-roads leading to Canton, where I was ordered to remain and guard the roads in that vicinity.

On the 11th, I sent out a party under Colonel Bliss, seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, to destroy the railroad running north from Jackson. This party was entirely successful in completely destroying this road for over three-quarters of a mile.

On the morning of the 12th(Sunday), upon being relieved by troops of General Smith's DIVISION, I was ordered to the front, to support the SECOND and THIRD Brigades of this DIVISION; and on the morning of the 13th, my brigade was posted on the line of skirmishers, where it remained until it was relieved, on the 14th, by troops of the First DIVISION.

On the morning of the 14th, I was ordered to encamp at my present camping ground.

During the whole expedition the officers and men of my command behaved equally well.

I inclose herewith a list of the casualties. *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain MIGHELS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 12. Report of Colonel Zenas R. Bliss, Seventh Rhode Island Infantry, including operations since June 4. CAMP near MILLDALE, MISS., July 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Seventh Regiment since leaving Kentucky:

The regiment left Creb Orchard June 4; arrived at Nicholasville June 5, and proceeded by railroad to Cairo, ill., and thence by steamboat to Sherman's Landing, near Young's Point, la; arrived June 14. The NINTH Corps was ordered to take position on the left of our line, investing Vicksburg, but while the corps was crossing the river at Warrenton the order was countermanded, and we returned to the leading, June 16, embarked, and were transported to Snyder's Bluff, on the Yazoo River, and remained in camp near there until July 4.

June 24 proceeded to the junction of the roads to MECHANICSBURG and Birdsong Ferry, and held that point, prevent the enemy cutting off a detachment that had been sent to the Big Black ; returned to camp the same night, felling trees and obstructing road as we returned.

July 4, started on the expedition to Jackson.

July 5, arrived at the Big Black. The river at this point was deep and rapid, and was much swollen by the rain which fell during the evening. The temporary was accidentally destroyed in crossing

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 543.

---------------

