
our artillery, and this brigade crossed during the night on a small raft, capable of taking but 6 men at a time. We arrived near Jackson July 10.

On the 11th, I was ordered, in command of the Sixth New Hampshire and Seventh Rhode Island, to proceed to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and destroy as much of it as possible. We destroyed about 500 yards of the road, burning the ties and bending rails, rendering them unfit for use. The telegraph was also cut and the wire burned. We worked till dark without interruption, trough the enemy showed themselves in small parties several times in our front. We returned to camp at 9 p. m.

On the 12th, we were ordered to the front, and this regiment was doing duty during the day and night as a support to the Thirty-FIFTH Massachusetts on picket.

At daylight on the 13th, the Seventh relieved the Thirty-FIFTH, and we took posts as pickets in their stead. The fire during the day was severe; the enemy kept up an almost continuous fire of musketry from their intrenchments, and our position was frequently raked by grapeshot and shell from their batteries opposed to us.

At 2. 30 p. m. The enemy made a sortie from their works, and attempted to drive our line from the position we held, but were gallantly repulsed, with a large number killed and wounded. About 11 p. m. a company was called to re-enforce a part of the line occupied by the Seventh. I sent Lieutenant Sullivan, regimental adjutant, and Lieutenant [Fuller] Dingley, with a company as directed, and started to return to headquarters. They probably lost their way in the darkness, and walked into the enemy's lines and were captured. We learned from rebel prisoners that two lieutenants were taken prisoners opposite our position in the line, and send immediately to Richmond. The regiment was relieved on the morning of the 14th.

During the night of the 16th, Jackson was evacuated, and we were not again on duty there. Our position during the siege was the left of the Federal lines.

The corps left Jackson July 20, and arrived at present camp July 24. The conduct of the regiment during the expedition has been praiseworthy, and credit is due them for their gallantry in repelling the sortie of the enemy and for the soldierlike manner in which they have submitted to the many privations and fatigues they were turned out, and remained in readiness to repel the attack of the enemy. They have suffered severely from the intense heat and debilitating effects of the climate. Some of the marches were long, with but little water, and many of the men were barefooted and without proper clothing, and at times all were on half rations.

The loss on the 13th was 1 first sergeant and 1 private killed, 10 privates wounded, and 2 lieutenants prisoners.

I have the honor to inclose herewith orders from the commander-in-chief, commander of the expedition, and commander of the NINTH Army Corps. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. R. BLISS,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers.

General E. C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General, Rhode Island.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

