
remaining there in camp the 16th of July, at 2 a. m. No casualties had occurred.

On the 16th, at 2. 30 a. m., the Forty-sixth New York left camp marched to the outposts., relieved the Thirty-sixth Massachusetts, in the rifle-pits, the right wing communicating with General Smith's DIVISION and the left touching the FIFTIETH Pennsylvania Volunteers, and till 9 a. m. kept up a pretty strong fire, as was all along the line, when it nearly ceased. One man in Company H was instantly killed by a Minie ball from the enemy.

Toward 12 a. m. two signal shots fired from Edwards' battery in our rear, gave, as ordered by Brigadier-General Ferrero, the signal for a cautions advance of about one-THIRD of our skirmishers along the line the order being to advance slowly, feel the enemy's position, and, in case he should be found still in his rifle-pits in force, to fall back. The skirmishers on the Forty-sixth New York advance at once, constantly firing, driving the enemy, who had strong vedettes thrown out, in his rifle-pits, when the latter's artillery opened upon our skirmishers on the right and heavy volleys in front from the rebels received them.

This engagement lasted an hour, and was information about the position of the enemy, in strength,&amp;c., was gained, our men slowly returned to their former position in the rifle pits. During the night of the 16th, a few vedettes of us advanced to some 50 yards from the rebel intrenchments movements of artillery and train on the Jackson main road.

At 2 a. m. On the 17th, the Thirty FIFTH Massachusetts relieved the Forty-sixth New York. At dawn of the day a flag of truce received by Lieutenant-Colonel Travers reported the evacuation of Jackson and its works, and an once the Thirty-FIFTH Massachusetts, in line of skirmishers and this regiment in column entered the same, the latter taking some 20 prisoners and a rebel Texas flag. Two men severely wounded from the Forty-sixth New York.

At 12 a. m. the Forty-sixth New York left Jackson, returning to its former camp, behind Benjamin's battery, and is there encamped since.

I have the honor to report to you that during the whole expedition both officers and men of my command distinguished themselves by faith-ful and joyous performance to their duty, and especially does Captain Alphonse Serviere, by activity and energy, deserve to the honorably mentioned, he having taken with his company(the aforesaid Company E, 20 prisoners on the 17th at Jackson and to-day 30 additional, with a small scouting party of the regiment, near the Pearl River.

Since the evening of the 13th, lieutenant-Colonel Travers commanded the Forty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, while Colonel Gerhardt was pro tempore in command of the THIRD Brigade.

[Not signed.]

Colonel B. C. CHRIST, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 15. Reports of Major General Edward O. C. Ord, U. S. Army, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps. Headquarters THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, July 20, 1863.

GENERAL: The advance of my Cavalry, sent to Brookhaven, reported a short time since, colonel Fonda, mounted infantry, in command. He

