
stated that they had burned 4 locomotives and a large number of cars; destroyed depots, tanks, bridges,&amp;c., the detailed reports will be in soon (i suppose), when I will forward them. I send report of some very bad cases of wounded, found in rebel hospitals beyond Pearl River. These men beg to be carried back, but it is reported removal will kill some of them. Please direct me what to do. I have issued an order to move to-morrow by daylight, via Raymond.

Yours, respectfully,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of Operations.
HEADQUARTERS Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,Camp at Big Black, July 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose General Ord's report of the operations of his corps(the Thirteenth), and to invite attention to the details given in the report of his DIVISION, brigade, and regimental commanders. I heartily indorse the favorable mention of many officers therein named, and forbear to discriminate among them, as our associations as commander and commanded were too short for me to do so with justice.

These reports exhibit a full history of the operations against Jackson road.

I have the honor, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure]

Headquarters THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Vicksburg, MISS., July 27, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance of orders received on the evening of July 4, 1863, my corps(14,400 infantry, 400 cavalry, ans sixty-three pieces of artillery), started the morning following from the trenches before Vicksburg for Jackson, MISS. After a hot and exhausting march of four days, one day being spent in rebuilding a bridge in crossing Big Black River, we arrived near Jackson, via the Clinton road. En route from Edwards Station, the advanced and Cavalry, under Osterhaus, were engaged in skirmishing with the enemy, who, with some pieces of artillery and several ress. Osterhaus lost 7 men killed and wounded by them, but regularly drove them before him. When the head of my column reached Jackson, your ordered it, on the 10th, to occupy the right attack, next to Steele's corps. It was brought up and placed in position on the next day 11th, the right DIVISION resting its left on the railroad from Jackson to New Orleans, all threatening the enemy's works with skirmishers, and supports at from 900 to 600 yards from them. This position was not gained without severe fighting ans loss of life, especially in Hovey's and Benton's DIVISION, on the right and left center of my corps. General Lauman had received special instructions to take position with his

