
The enemy having had his skirmishers driven in along the whole line, except in two or three places where the spits of wood or gulties near gave them special cover, and our ammunition train having arrived that night, it was discovered at daylight on the morning of the 17th that the place had been evacuated.

My loss in killed, wounded, and MISSING from the time I started from Vicksburg to the time I started from Jackson was-Smith's DIVISION: Killed, 6; wounded, 37; MISSING, 11; total, 54. Lauman's DIVISION, total, 533. Hovey's DIVISION: Killed, 3; wounded, 57; total, 60. Osterhaus' DIVISION: Killed, 6; wounded, 73; total, 79. Benton's DIVISION: Killed, 4; wounded, 32; total, 36. Grand total, 762.

The cavalry, under Major Fullerton, and the mounted infantry, under Colonel Fonda, were engaged during nearly the whole of the attack in two raids south, during which 4 locomotives and 52 cars were destroyed, a number of bridges, the depots at Byram, Bahala, crystal Springs, Gallatin, and Hazlehurst, one mill and a large quantity of lumber at Hazlehurst and Brookhaven, 70 hogsheads of sugar and about one-half mile of railroad track were also destroyed; 22 prisoners paroled, and 2 staff officers(a major and captain)and 15 prisoners were brought in.

The infantry, after the evacuation, were set to work destroying the railroad toward New Orleans, 10 1/2 miles of which were torn up the ties burned, and all the rails bent. The several hundred bales of cotton upon the enemy's works and in the town were also burned.

On the 21st, the works returned to this place, via the Raymond road. While engaged in the attack on Jackson, and in their march there, we were compelled to use the green stagnant water found in pools, and to live principally on green corn and such beef or pork as c we could find. This, with the heat and hard marching, caused a rapid increase of sickness, especially in regiments which had been serving in the MISSISSIPPI bottoms, and were predisposed to fevers, so that, with the large number of wounded, on the return I had to make two trips with all my ambulances, and, besides, wagoned 3,200 sick men back to this place.

For more complete details of the parts taken by their several DIVISIONS, I refer to the reports of DIVISIONS commanders. For the details of the action of General Lauman's DIVISION on the 12th of July, I refer to the reports of his brigade commanders. For special, accounts of cavalry advance and raids, I refer to reports of Colonel Fonda, mounted infantry of Major Fullerton, SECOND Illinois Cavalry.

The men and officers did their duty, and throughout the command zeal and confidence prevailed. I feel the inadequacy of any praise I could offer for services such as they rendered, for quiet submission to privations such as they endured.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -Ninety-one prisoners were taken; 22 paroled by my corps. A map showing the front occupied by the corps and the works of the enemy thereat will be sent in a day or two.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

