
turned, but the number I am not now able to give, but will to-day ascertain and report.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH FULLERTON,

Major, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters cavalry BRIGADE,

Camp near Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I send this report of the part the cavalry brigade under my command took in the expedition to Jackson, MISS., and return.

On July ^, we crossed Big Black Bridge, with the SECOND Illinois Cavalry, under command Of Major Marsh, and detachment of the THIRD Illinois cavalry and one company of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, under command of Major A Campbell, of the THIRD Illinois, and went toward Edwards Station. Had some skirmishing in the afternoon of that day with the enemy.

On the morning of July 76, we were joined by a detachment of the Sixth MISSOURI Cavalry, under command of Major Bacon Montgomery. We marched out on the road leading to Jackson, traveled about 6 miles, and commenced skirmishing with the enemy. We drove them back for about 3 miles, where a brisk engagement ensued. In this engagement we lost 1 man killed and 3 wounded, all belonging to the Sixth MISSOURI Regiment. We drove them from their last position on that day about sundown. We then went into camp for the night.

Om the 8th instant, we broke camp nearly; traveled to Clinton without meeting any resistance. About 2 miles from Clinton the enemy again appeared in our front, and heavy skirmishing commenced. We drove the enemy from the woods, and took position in an open field. The enemy there soon opened upon is with from 10-pounder Parrot guns. The distance was out of the range of the howitzers we had with us at the time, and we and to fall back. The general in command of the NINTH DIVISION the brought forward some infantry and heavier artillery, and opened upon the enemy, driving them from their position. The cavalry soon occupied that position. The enemy again opened upon us with their artillery from a position in the northeast direction. The general again ordered up to the front the heavy artillery and drove them from their position. We here went into camp for the night.

On the 9th instant, we broke camp early and started for Jackson. Skirmishing soon began, and we drove the enemy from place to place, until we got near Jackson, where they made a stand. The general then came up with artillery and infantry, and then placed the cavalry on the right and left, and the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, under Major Campbell, on the left, and the fight commenced. Major Montgomery, with his command, charged the enemy in front of their fortifications, and he was obliged to fall back. In this charge 4 men were wounded and 17 horses killed and wounded. The cavalry in my command was then ordered to the extreme right of our army. The cavalry had slight skirmishing in the evening to that day.

On the 10th, we were placed on the right, to guard Pearl River for a distance of 5 miles. Skirmishing with the enemy continued for this day. Major Campbell and Lieutenant-, of the THIRD Illinois Cav-

