
arly, were wounded of this day. Several horses in the command were wounded of this day.

On the 11th, skirmishing continued. One man was wounded, belonging to the Sixth MISSOURI Cavalry.

Om the 12th, all the cavalry under my command went to Byram Station, 10 miles south of Jackson, and destroyed a number of railroad bridges. Destroyed switches, burned water-tank and depot at Byram Station, and destroyed the ferry-boat at that place across Pearl River, and returned.

On the 13th, 14th, and 15th, we were engaged principally on picket duty and destroying railroad.

On the 17th, I was ordered to go down the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad so far as Brookhaven. We started with will all the cavalry I could Raise and a detachment of mounted infantry belonging to the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry, under command of Colonel Fonda, of that regiment. We were gone four days. Destroyed about one-half mile of railroad track. We destroyed a number of switches, four depots, between 40 and 50 railroad cars and 4 locomotives, and a large amount of public stores.

We reached Brookhaven on the 18th instant, had slight skirmishing on entering the town, and drove the enemy'; s pickets from the place, but met no particular force at this place. We took 45 prisoners, including 3 officers-1 major and 2 captains-and returned to Jackson, making a march were ordered to return to this place, taking a position in rear of the army returning from that place, which we did, and arrived here on the 25th instant.

In this report I must call your attention to the gallant conduct of all the officer and men in the command obeyed every order with promptness and zeal. I must particularly commend the conduct of Major Montgomery, of the Sixth MISSOURI Cavalry, for the gallant, prompt, and efficient manner in which handled his command during this expedition; also Major Campbell, of the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, who, I am sorry to say, was mortally wounded. In fact, the conduct of both the officers and men of the SECOND Illinois Cavalry, the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, the Sixth MISSOURI Cavalry, and one company of the Fourth Indiana Cavalry, all under my command, is worthy of the highest commendation in praise.

Special reports of the casual; ties on this expedition having been furnished you heretofore, are not referred to in this report.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

HUGH FULLERTON,

Major, Commanding Cavalry, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Brigadier General PETER J. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding NINTH DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 17. Report of Brigadier General Peter J. Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding NINTH DIVISION. HDQRS. 9TH DIV., 13TH A. C., Vicksburg, MISS., July 25, 1863.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 6th of July, I received your orders to prepare the NINTH DIVISION for immediate march, as a part of the Expeditionary Army.

