
about one hour, when by reason of overwhelming numbers, they were enabled to flank us upon the right and left, which rendered our position difficult to hold longer in consequence of which we fell back about 200 yards to the crest of the hill, near a corn-field, and formed in line of battle at right angles with our former position, which was held about two hours, until re-enforcements were received, when the enemy were repulsed and driven back and the ground reoccupied, after which the regiment retired to the corn-field, in rear of the field of battle. The men exhausted, we rested and reorganized ranks, and the men filled their cartridge-boxes.

After resting about one hour, we were ordered to move forward in support of the column that was driving the enemy. We marched about 2 miles, when we were ordered into camp for the night.

Taking into consideration the length of time we were engaged, the overwhelming numbers to contend with, and the loss sustained, is satisfactory evidence of the gallantry and courage shown by the officers and men under my command. They did their whole duty.

Sir, in regard to number and names of killed, wounded, and MISSING of the regiment under my command, your are referred to special report.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant. By order of John A. McLaughlin, lieutenant-colonel commanding Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry:

WM. VANCE,

Adjutant.

Colonel JAMES R. SLACK,

Comdg. SECOND Brigadier, TWELFTH Div., THIRTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Joseph G. Strong, adjutant Twenty-eighth Iowa Infantry. HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Vicksburg, May 30, 1863.

DEAR SIR: IT affords me great pleasure to send you a report of the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Iowa Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Champion's Hill, May 16, 1863.

Champion's Hill is situated about 9 miles (on the railroad) east of Big Black River, and about half-way between Bolton and Edwards Stations.

We had been making a feint on Edwards Station on the 12th and 13th, so as to give General McPherson a better chance to enter Jackson, and on the 15th we marched on the Jackson road as far as Clinton, where we turned on the Vicksburg road and marched as far as Bolton Station, where we encamped for the night (our DIVISION being in the advance).

The next morning, after marching about 3 miles, we came up with the enemy's pickets at Champion's buildings, and drove them in. Here the TWELFTH DIVISION formed in line of battle, our regiment taking position on the left of the Forty-seventh Indiana, in the SECOND Brigade. At 10 a. m., after a short delay, the word "Forward!" was given, and we moved nearly a mile by the front, firing becoming brisk. Company B, of our regiment, was sent out as skirmishers, and found the enemy in force on our front and left. We then, by orders of Colonel Slack, of the Forty-seventh Indiana, commanding brigade, passed to the left of

