
once one section of the Seventh Michigan Battery, under Lieutenant Stillman, was ordered to the support of my Cavalry. The First Brigade

of infantry and the remainder of the battery advanced also in supporting distance of the Cavalry, which pushed forward gallantly in front and on the right flank.

My position was a good one, and commanded the Jackson road. The enemy's force was in full view, his right resting on that road where the Bridgeport and Jackson road intersects it, and extending across several corn-fields. His battery played from an elevated position in or near the road.

As soon as my infantry had come up and was deployed in line, by battalions in columns of divisions of the right of the battery, I ordered the SECOND Illinois Cavalry(the Cavalry, except the Sixth MISSOURI, was massed in columns on my right wing)to advance and demonstrate against the enemy's left, making a feint toward the Raymond road. Infantry sharpshooters, together with a detachment of the sixth MISSOURI Cavalry, advanced in front, and the advance section of the Seventh Michigan opened fire. The effect was complete. The shells burst in the enemy's line, causing him to shift repeatedly. The two other sections were then ordered forward, and very soon compelled the enemy's artillery to limber to the rear, followed the retrograde movement of the artillery, pursued closely by the Sixth MISSOURI and SECOND Illinois Cavalry.

General Steele's column arrived in the afternoon from Bridgeport at the junction on the Jackson road, and I consequently received your order to encamp for the night, also, at the junction. To make room for General Steele's column, I received orders for the next morning to move over to a road running south of the Clinton and Jackson road, and advance toward Jackson, together with the Tenth DIVISION. We left camp at 2 o'clock, and arrived unmolested within 2 miles of Jackson, where we found rebel forces at a bridge across Anderson's Creek. The cavalry drove them back, and reached the crest of a gradually sloping field, where large numbers of the enemy seen advancing to meet us. While the cavalry and mountain howitzers held the position, I hurried my infantry and artillery forward, and opened as soon as they were in position. The general attack of the Cavalry, infantry, skirmishers, and artillery made the rebels fall back to their fortifications and under cover of their heavy siege guns. I followed them as far as I could prudently do it without exposing unnecessarily my field artillery to heavy l on which I came was the center of my position, and my skirmishers advanced gallantly on both sides of it, against a heavy fire from a formidable battery defending the road, to within 250 yards of the enemy's works.

July 11, I was ordered to shift my DIVISION to the right of the above road. A part of my artillery constructed temporary breastworks. By 5. 30 p. m. the enemy made a sortie, and vehemently attacked my right, but was gallantly repulsed.

On July 12, a cannonade of one hour's duration was ordered to commence at 7 a. m. One section of their First Wisconsin Battery, in front of the above-mentioned fort, managed on the occasion to dismount a heavy siege gun and to do great damage generally.

The skirmishers along the whole line were ordered to advance on July 13 as far as practicable, which movement was well executed and supported by the batteries. The right wing swung around considerably, the skirmishers advancing several hundred yards, followed up by the

