
main line. On the left a squad of the FIFTY-fourth Indiana Infantry surprised a rebel picket, stationed at a burned house on the road, taking some prisoners and gaining thereby a position of decisive importance, within 150 yards of the enemy's works.

The next day passed off comparatively quiet, only while relieving the pickets the firing was more extended. Our men were mostly engaged in the construction of batteries a rifle-pits.

On July 16, my command was relieved in the trenches by General Tuttle's DIVISION, and I took position in reserve, in the center of the line of the army corps.

After the evacuation of the city Jackson by the rebels, on July 17, and after the destruction of the railroads and all property deemed contraband of war, the DIVISION took up the line of march again, on July 21, in the rear of the Thirteenth Army Corps, via Raymond, turkey Creek, and Big Black River Bridge, arriving at Vicksburg on July 24, 1863.

The expedition, in the hottest month in this hot climate, was very trying on the men, but they did well, and I under many obligations for their zeal.

It is with great pleasure and pride that I mention particularly the brilliant services of the Cavalry. Always in immediate contact with the enemy, they did not flinch for a SECOND from the most arduous duties. The officers deserve the highest credit, and I feel in duty to mention Major Fullerton, of the SECOND Illinois Cavalry, commanding cavalry brigade, and the gallant commanders of battalions, major Montgomery, sixth MISSOURI, and Marsh, SECOND Illinois. To their bravery and skill, and to the stubborn fortitude of the men of their commands(in the aggregate not over 600 men), we are indebted by a whole DIVISION of the best Southern Cavalry, under the personal guidance of a celebrated general.

I annex a list of casualties during the different engagements,*to which I beg leave to refer.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Number 18. Report of Captain Charles H. Lanphere, Seventh Michigan Battery. Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the expedition to Jackson:

July 5, took up line to march with Twelfth DIVISION at 5 a. m. Encamped to-night 21 miles north of Big Black River Bridge.

July 6, marched at 4 p. m., expecting to cross Big Black River, but the road being blockaded with trains, went into camp upon northwest bank of river.

July 7, marched at 5. a. m., arriving at Bolton Station at 9 p. m. Went into camp.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 545.

---------------

