
July 8, ordered to report to General Osterhaus. Took up line march at 4 p. m., with NINTH DIVISION. Skirmishing in front this evening. One section of battery a took a position, firing about 30 rounds at the enemy. Went into camp upon right of road at dark.

July 9, took up line of, arch at 4 a. m. Skirmishing in front. Put our battery into position upon right of road, firing several rounds with good effect. Went into camp about 5 o'clock.

July 10, marched at 4 a. m. At 9 a. m. heavy skirmishing. Advanced the battery a took position upon a hill 200 yards to the left of the road, from which position we threw about 50 rounds of shell into the enemy's ranks as they retired towards the works. At 11 a. m. advanced battery to within 1,000 yards of the enemy's works, where we lay in reserve the remainder of the day.

July 11, lay in reserve until 4 p. m., when battery was ordered to the right and front. Took position upon high grounds 900 yards from the enemy's lines, and commenced firing, but with unknown effect, as the enemy's guns were out of sight, being masked by thick brush in our front. Their firing was so well directed and sharp that I was obliged to change my position to the left and front within forty minutes. One man wounded to-day; wound not severe.

July 12, battery occupied position taken last night. Fired about 180 rounds to-day; could not determine with what effect.

July 13, advanced one section this morning; put it into a small work thrown up last night within 800 yards of the enemy's works. Battery did but little firing to-day.

July 14, changed one section 200 yards to the left. Fired but few rounds to-day.

July 15, no firing to-day. Position of battery unchanged.

July 16, went into reserve 1 mile to the right and rear.

July 17 and 18, remained in camp.

July 19 and 20, still in camp.

July 21, took up line up march for the rear at 5 a. m. Marched 8 miles, and went into camp at Mississippi Springs at 5 p. m.

July 22, marched at 4 a. m. and camped at dark at ---Creek.

July 23 marched at 4 a. m. Arrived at Big Black River, arriving in crossed, and went into camp.

July 24, took up line of march for Vicksburg at 4 a. m., arriving in rear of city at 2 p. m.

I am, captain,&amp;c., very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. LANPHERE,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 19. Report of Lieutenant Oscar F. Nutting, First Wisconsin Battery. CAMP AT Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Herewith you will please find a report of the part taken by this battery in the late expedition to Jackson, MISS.

On the morning of the 5th day of July, the First Wisconsin Battery, under command of Lieutenant Oscar F. Nutting, moved of our park, in rear of Vicksburg, and marched to Big Black River, where we went into

