
camp, and remained till the next evening, when we moved on to Big Black River railroads bridge.

On the 7th, we marched to Bolton.

On the 8th, the battery was ordered to report to General Osterhaus, and, leaving the Twelfth DIVISION, to which we had been temporarily attached, joined and moved at that evening with our old DIVISION.

Om the 9th, we passed trough Clinton, and the advance coming up with the enemy's outposts, we were ordered into camp, and remained there till the next morning, when we moved on toward Jackson at an early hour.

On the 10th, at 10 a. m., the center section, under command of Lieutenant Hackett, was ordered into position upon the road on which we had been marching, and opened fire on the enemy's works, about 1,000 yards distant. Soon after, the right section, under charge of Sergt. E. P. Aylmer, was ordered into position on the left of the road, in some timber. Here they opened fire on the rebel breastworks, which was replied to by them from half a dozen guns, with such accuracy that it was deemed prudent bu Lieutenant Nutting, after half and hour's firing, struck both and many places. In the afternoon, lieutenant Hackett moved his section a short distance to the right, where they succeeded in dismounting one of the enemy's guns.

On the 11th, the left section was planted in a work thrown up for it during the night close to the position occupied by the right section the previous day. Here they remained during the seven days following, and disabled a large siege pi position on their works immediately in front of us.

On the 12th, the right and center sections were ordered to report to General Hovey, and were placed, the right section of the New Orleans Railroad, and the center section a quarter of a mile farther east, almost directly south of Jackson. In these position they remained until that when the right and center sections again joined the NINTH DIVISION, and marched with it to Big Black River, via Raymond and Edwards Station, where we arrived at about 4 p. m. on the evening of the 23rd July, 1863.

Casualties: Wounded, 9.

I have the honor to remain, captain, your most obedient servant,

OSCAR F. NUTTING,

[Lieutenant,] Commanding Battery.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 20. Report of Colonel James Keigwin, Forty-NINTH Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, NINTH DIV., THIRTEENTH A. C., July 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the Jackson expedition, under command of Major-General Sherman:

The brigade, consisting of the Forty-NINTH Indiana Volunteers, com-

