
manded by Major A. J. Hawke; Sixty-NINTH Indiana Infantry, lieutenant-Colonel Perry commanding; One hundred and twentieth Ohio, colonel Spiegel commanding; Seventh Kentucky, colonel May commanding, and the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry(mounted), colonel FONDA commanding.

The brigade took up line of march July 6, 1863, at 2 p. m., in advance on the DIVISION, and marched that evening to Amsterdam. Before arriving at that point, I received an order that our cavalry were skirmishing with the enemy at Edwards Station, and that I should form my line and await further orders. I received an order in a short time after that we would remain here during the night, an posted my regiments so that, in case of an attack, we would be ready at a moment's notice to give the enemy a warm reception. Bivouacked for the night.

July 7, we resumed the march in the same order of the day before, and marched on the road leading trough Champions Hill. Our Cavalry, we learned had some skirmishing in front, but not enough to retard our march until about 4 o'clock in the evening, when, near Bolton, we learned that quite a force of rebel cavalry were approaching. I immediately formed the brigade, with one section of there fifth Illinois Battery[?], into position on a commanding piece of ground, and awaited an attack, but I soon found that the enemy had gone another direction. By orders I then moved the brigade to a point in the woods, with my right resting on the Bolton and Raymond Railroad and the left on the JACKSON road, were we bivouacked for the night.

We remained at this point until 4 p. m. on the 8th instant, when we resumed our march in the rear of the SECOND Brigade, left in front. We marched until about 7 p. m., and bivouac about 4 miles from Clinton.

July 9, we left our bivouac in the sane order as the day before, and passed trough Clinton about 9 o'clock. When about 2 miles from Clinton, our cavalry had quite a skirmish with the enemy. I was ordered forward, and deployed the brigade by battalions in mass on the right of the road, throwing skirmishers wptain Lanphere's battery followed and took position on my left. We had not advanced far until we discovered quite a number of the enemy's cavalry an a hill in front of us and in a large corn-field on our right. We advanced, and while so doing the battery threw a few shells amongst them, when they beat a hasty retreat. We remained at this point the remainder of the day, and bivouacked for the night about 5 miles from Jackson, with orders to be ready to reave at 3 o'clock of the following morning.

July 10, did not leave our bivouac until 6 o'clock, and marched in advance. We left the Clinton road, and marched trough the woods about 1 mile to the Raymond road.

The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois was ordered to move trough the woods on our left as flankers; one company of the Forty-NINTH Indiana for the same purpose. We did not go very far on the Raymond road until our advance. I was ordered forward with the brigade, and crossed the creek, when I was ordered to deploy the brigade into line of battle and advance. I deployed the Forty-NINTH on the right of the road, the Sixty-NINTH Indiana, one hundred and twentieth Ohio, and Seventh Kentucky on the left. Throwing my skirmishers well forward, we advanced and passed the Cavalry, and when within about 1,000 yards of the enemy's works, I found quite a force of infantry, who were posted on a ridge in front of their works, who seemed to intend to stop our advance. My skirmishers went boldly, and were soon hotly

