
River. The surgeons in the brigade complained that they could not get any medicines suitable for the diseases contracted while on the march, and asserted that one-half of the men who were disabled by chills could have been kept for duty if they had had quinine to have given to them. It would be useless for me to name under my command for gallant conduct. I can but say that all acted their part as well they have ever done in former engagements. We had quite a number of officers disabled. Colonel Spiegel and Lieutenant Totten, of the One hundred and twentieth Ohio, were severely wounded by a defective shell from one of Captain Lanphere guns. I am happy to say that there is a prospect of their speedy recovery. Lieutenant-Colonel Lucas, of the Seventh Kentucky, was wounded by a shell from the enemy's guns of the morning of the 10th instant. Lieutenant Fullyard, of the Forty-NINTH, captain Miller, of the Sixty-NINTH Indiana, and Lieutenant Bates, of the Seventh Kentucky, all received honorable wounds while fighting the battles of their country. There are strong hopes that they will soon recover, and be ready to do service again in the good cause.

I feel under lasting obligations to Major A. J. Hawke, forty-NINTH Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Perry, sixty-NINTH Indiana, colonel May, of the Seventh Kentucky, and Colonel Spiegel and Major Slocum, of the One hundred and twentieth Ohio, for the prompt manner in which they obeyed every order sent to them, and for the skillful maneuvering of the regiments while on the march, and in the several day's skirmishing while in front of Jackson. My thanks are due to Captain William H. Peckinpaugh, acting assistant adjutant-general, for his valuable assistance to me while on the march and on the field.

Inclosed you will find a list casualties,*with the name and rank, and nature of wounds. The total loss in the brigade amounted to 2 men killed and 2 who have since died of their wounds, 8 commissioned officers, 7 non-commissioned officers, and 22 privates, making a total loss of 39 men.

I am, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

JAMES KEIGWIN,

Colonel Forty-NINTH Indiana, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry. BLACK RIVER BRIDGE, MISS., July 23, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with an order received from Major-General Ord, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in a expedition from Jackson to Brookhaven:

On the morning of the 17th, with 70 of my mounted men, I joined Major Fullerton, who commanded the Sixth MISSOURI Cavalry, SECOND Illinois Cavalry, and three companies of the THIRD Illinois Cavalry.

The whole force proceeded to Ferry Station, on the Jackson and New

---------------

*See revised statements.

---------------

