
Orleans Railroad, 15 miles from Jackson. Here the command halted for dinner, and tore up half a mile of railroad. The ties were piled and burned, the rails having been put up in such a way as to be bent by the heat. The command left this place at about 5 p. m., and passed trough Crystal Springs, after dark, to Miller plantation, 33 miles from Jackson. At this place we were informed that a train of cars had been there, but left about twenty minutes before our arrival.

Next morning, the 18th, about 8 o'clock, we passed trough Hazlehurst. The depot, cars, and stores were here burned, and at Bahala, 10 miles from Hazlehurst, some more cars were burned.

The command arrived at Brookhaven about noon. At this place two locomotives were burned, besides a numbers of cars. Some time during the afternoon, major Fullerton sent two companies of the THIRD Illinois cavalry back on the road we came, about 6 miles, to burn two locomotives. At 5 p. m. I was informed by Major Fullerton that he was ready to return, and I was afterward informed by him that the two companies had not returned, and we waited until 7 p. m., when we started back on the same road we acme in on, and marched about 10 miles, and camped at Bahala.

About 10 a. m. of the 19th, 4 miles before reaching Gallatin, I took the advance, and, in compliance with General Sherman's order, marched as rapidly as possible. Four miles from Gallatin, the advance guard discovered 3 rebel soldiers and fired on them, but they made their escape, and we captured on of their horses. I was afterward informed neighborhood visiting their friends. I was also informed that there was an artillery officer residing in the same neighborhood. As everything had been accomplished contemplated by the order, and from the report I heard of the mounted force in the vicinity, I deemed it imprudent to leave the road to arrest him. We continued our march, and passed through Ferry Station at 9 p. m., ite Byram Station.

Early on the morning of the 20th instant, we marched to camp arriving at 11 a. m.

This report is necessarily meager, for the reason Major Fullerton commanded all the forces but my own, I only co-operating with him in carrying out his plans.

I am, colonel, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

JOHN G. FONDA,

Colonel, Comdg. One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 22. Report of Colonel Daniel W. Lindsey, Twenty-SECOND Kentucky Infantry, commmanding SECOND Brigade. Headquarters SECOND BRIGADE, NINTH DIVISION, July 26, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, number 188, I have the honor to submit to the general commmanding NINTH DIVISION the following report of the movements,&amp;c., of the SECOND Brigade in the late expedition to Jackson:

On the morning of the 6th, in conformity with orders,

we took up line

