
the FIFTY-sixth Ohio (which placed us on the extreme left of the DIVISION), and engaged the enemy, our left resting on the north of the Raymond road. There we found the enemy in large force, ready to receive us. After a few minutes of hard fighting, it became evident that the enemy were trying to turn our left, particular attention being paid to that particular point. We succeeded in driving them back. About this time the enemy appeared to be largely re -enforced, and we were compelled to fall back on account of the murderous flanking fire on our right, to which we were at this time exposed. We then moved to the right and formed on the Clinton road, where we held them in check until re-enforcements arrived, when we drove them from the field in confusion.

As to the battle of Port Gibson, the officers and men conducted themselves like veterans.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and MISSING was severe. Four companies of the regiment came out of the fight without a commissioned officer. Lieutenant John J. Legan, of Company A (Captain Shutts acting as major), was killed while gallantly leading his men on; Captain Benjamin F. Kirby, of Company I, was also killed while doing his duty nobly; Lieutenant John Buchanan, of Company H, lost his arm; Captain John A. Staley, of Company F, was taken prisoner while crossing the field north of the Raymond road, gallantly disputing across an open field between the Raymond and Clinton roads, and while we were falling back. Our regiment fell in good order, considering the ground, and rallied around the old flag at the first call, and on the SECOND charge, together with the Seventh Iowa, the boys raised the Iowa shout and drove the enemy from the field in confusion.

I append a list of the killed, wounded, and MISSING. *

JOSEPH G. STRONG,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Twenty-eighth Iowa.

N. B. BAKER, adjutant-General of Iowa.

Numbers 18. Report of Brigadier General Isaac F. Quinby, U. S. Army, commanding Seventh DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, including operations April 20-May 20. HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Rear of Vicksburg, MISS., May 26, 1863.

COLONEL: Herewith I have the honor to transmit the reports of the several battery, regimental, and brigade commanders of this DIVISION of the operations in which their respective commands have participated since they left Milliken's Bend, La., on and after the 20th ultimo, up to and including the 20th instant, when the whole of the DIVISION had reached its position in rear of Vicksburg.

On the return of the DIVISION from the Yazoo Pass expedition, the state of my health, in the opinion of the surgeons, rendered a change of climate necessary, and the major-general commanding the corps granted me a leave of absence for twenty days.

I was unable to rejoin my command until the morning of the 16th

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 8.

---------------

