
of march for Jackson, MISS. With the exception of the great scarcity of water, there is nothing worthy of mention of the march, the command at all tiomes responding promptly to all orders issued.

On the morning of the 10th, at about 10 o'clock, we reached the vicinty of the enemy's works, and the cavalry engaged his skirmishers. Receiving an order to move forward with two regiments and form on the left of the Sevcenth Michigan Battery, I advanced the Twenty-SECOND Kentucky and Forty-SECOND Ohio the former deploying into line on the left of the battery, and the latter regiment remaining in column of DIVISIONs, the enemy showing cavalry on our left and fromt. Shortly after taking up this formation, I received an order to advance. Finding that a portion of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois was deployed in my front as skirmishers, I advanced the two regiments then with me in column of DIVISIONS. After we had moved some 200 yards, we acme upon the skirmishers of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois. The officer in command reported that he had orders to withdraw his men and report to his regiment. I immediately ordered two companies to be deployed as skirmishers, one from each regiment, and to connect with the line of skirmishers from the First Brigade. These two companies were promptly sent forward by Major Williams, commanding Forty-SECOND Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, commanding Twenty-SECOND Kentucky, and we continued the advance. At this time, leaning that the First Wisconsin Battery had been ordered to the First Brigade, I ordered o up the two remaining regiments in my brigade, the SIXTEENTH Ohio and FIFTY-fourth Indiana.

On arriving on the western slope of the ridge, immediately his side of the enemy's works, my infantry skirmishers took the place before occupied by the Cavalry, from whom I received information as they retired that we were within rifle range of the works. Not deeming the skirmishers could report what was in front. At this moment the general commanding the DIVISION came up, and, with Captain Lanphere, commanding Seventh Michigan Battery, and myself, went forward to select a position for the artillery.

We Finally settled upon the yard of Mrs. Anne Adams, and some of the guns, with two regiments from my command, were immediately ordered into position.

Being directed to remained as I then was, I did so, but under a very severe fire from the enemy's artillery, the shells from which, fortunately, passed over us before exploding.

Aside from some 5 or 6 men being disabled from the extreme heat, I had on this day only 1 man hurt, corpl. Harris H. Stewart, company F, forty-SECOND Ohio, slightly, by bullet.

About 12m. On the 11th, I was ordered to take the position of the First Brigade, with my left resting on the---road.

The regiments were placed in regular position en echelon from the right, the FIFTY-fourth Indiana resting on the road, the Forty-SECOND Ohio a little in advance on its right,&amp;c. My skirmishers, in taking up and maintaining their line, received the following loss:*

On the morning of the 12th, finding it impossible the enemy's skirmishers farther back, I ordered an advance of my line of skirmishers, which resulted in the taking by the FIFTY-fourth and Forty-SECOND of the walls of a burned house, from which they greatly harassed the

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 3 wounded.

---------------

