
enemy, being only about 150 or 200 yards from his works. On this day the casualties were as follows:*

On this day the enemy, as they did often afterward, made a strong sally to get possession of the ruins of the burned house, but were promptly met by the skirmishers of the FIFTY-fourth and Forty-SECOND, who captured 2 of their number. I am satisfied that along my front, although my main was at not time engaged, I did the enemy very great damage.

On the evening of the 15th, we were relieved by General Tuttle's DIVISION, and, on the morning of the 16th, retired to act as reserve.

I would here speak in the highest terms of a few drafted men of the SIXTEENTH Ohio, who, although their term of draft expired on the 8th, continued with the regiment, and acted during the expedition to Jackson.

My entire command acted with the coolest bravery, and I cannot speak took highly of all the regiments.

I have again to thank Captain [George W.]Stein, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain [James G.]Milligan and Lieutenant [Jacob] Swigert, Jr., acting assistant commissaries of subsistence, for their bravery, energy, and efficiency.

On the 21st, we took up our line of march, by way of Raymond, for Big Black River, where we arrived without accident on the evening of the 23rd .

Yours, respectfully,

D. W. LINDSEY,

Colonel Twenty-SECOND Kentucky, Commanding SECOND Brigade.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 23. Report of Brigadier General Andrew J. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Tenth DIVISION. HDQRS. TENTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, MISS., July 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Tenth Division, thirteenth Army Corps, from the %th to the 23rd day of July, in the expedition to Jackson, MISS., and its return to this place:

On the afternoon of the 4th instant, I received orders, trough your headquarters to have my DIVISION in readiness to march early on the morning on the 5th. The DIVISION, composed of eleven regiments and two batteries, with little transportation, and without tents, left camp early on the morning of the 5th, to bivouac on Clear Creek, near Big Black.

On the evening of the 6th, we crossed Big Black and camped near the crossing.

On the 7th, camped near Bolton, where we had during the night a violet storm.

Late in the afternoon of the 8th, moved 5 miles toward Clinton.

On the 9th, halted early in the day 2 miles beyond Clinton. From

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 2 killed and 20 wounded.

---------------

