
the 16th and 17th, I was ordered and moved my DIVISION back about 1 mile for the convenience of camp and water.

On the morning of the 21st, I moved my DIVISION to the rear, with all the sick and wounded belonging thereto, and encamped at MISSISSIPPI Springs, some 8 miles from Jackson.

On the 22nd, moved to Champion's Hill, and on the 23rd reached my old camp, in rear of Vicksburg, having accomplished the march from Jackson to Vicksburg in three days.

To Colonel Landram, commanding SECOND Brigade, and from the Clinton road to the 13th instant commanding the DIVISION, also to Colonel Owen, commanding First Brigade, I am under many obligations for their constant vigilance during the siege of Jackson and throughout the march; and to the officers and men of the several regiments and batteries I tender my post hearty thanks for their vigilance and their desire to meet the enemy on open ground.

To Dr. [John S.]McGrew, who always looks well to the interest of his department; to Major L'Hommedieu, assistant inspector-general of this DIVISION and acting aide-de-camp, I have me thanks to offer; and to Lieutenant [Frederick] Van Vliet, mustering officer of my division and acting aide, who had his horse shot under him on the morning of the 11th, while reconnoitering for a position for a battery, I give my most hearty thanks for their constant vigilance.

From the 5th instant, the day of leaving Vicksburg, to my return(23rd instant), I have lost 6 killed, 37 wounded, and 21 Missing; aggregate,54.

I have the honor to inclose herewith the list of killed and wounded and missing; *also the report of the brigade commanders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 24. Report of Colonel Richard Owen, Sixtieth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, TENTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH A. C. July 25, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from General A. J. Smith, commanding the Tenth DIVISION, to furnish the chief details connected with the movements of his First Brigade during the expedition to Jackson, MISS., made under the command of Major-General Sherman, I have the honor to submit the following:

Up to the night of 7th July, from 23rd June, 1863, I had been temporarily attached, with my regiment(the Sixtieth Indiana Volunteers), at Big Black River Bridge, to General Osterhaus DIVISION, and from that point, by his order, supported his advanced battery until we reached Baker's Creek.

On the morning of July 8, being placed in command of the First Brigade, I moved it, in accordance with orders from division headquarters, at 4 p. m. Toward Clinton, mis. ; and after a march of 5 miles, we bivouacked in a field adjoining the road, late in the evening of the same day, tents,&amp;c., having been left behind, as ordered.

---------------

*See revised statement, pp. 545, 546.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XXIV PT II

