
arms, after relieving the advance pickets, and kept one-half of each regiment awake at time.

By dawn of July 11, every man was aroused and at his post, and skirmishing was kept up at intervals during the day until about 4 p. m., when Colonel Keiwing's brigade, of the NINTH DIVISION, being ordered to occupy our position, the First Brigade was moved by the right flank, and the six regiments being now thrown into their normal position in brigade, slept in the woods(occupied previously by the Sixtieth and Sixty-seventh Indiana), still retaining their arms and accouterments and one-half awake at a time. Casualties of this day in Sixtieth Indiana, 1 wounded and 1 MISSING; in Sixty-seventh Indiana, 2 wounded; in Twenty-THIRD Wisconsin, 4 wounded; making a total fro July 11 of 7 wounded and 1 MISSING.

Sunday, July 12. -The First Brigade was ordered to occupy a new line, nearly at right angels with its former position, throwing our skirmishers in front. In this manner the left pilot still remaining closed on the NINTH DIVISION, the right flank was moved trough a quarter of a circle, and halted by General Smith on a woody eminence, which formed a good position for the artillery, and the regiments immediately commenced intrenching themselves by means of rails, logs, and earth. The casualties of July 12 were 1 wounded in Sixty-seventh Indiana. This night, by the general's directions, the camp guard to arouse the regiments in case of necessity being increased, the men were permitted more repose.

Monday, July 13. -Our pickets were advanced about 125 yards and furnished with a few tools, so that they also protected themselves partially by temporary earth-works. This move was not made without strong opposition on the part of the enemy; but they never succeeded in dislodging the pickets of either brigade. No casualties occurred on this day.

Tuesday, July 14. -Nothing especial occurred to vary the regular assaults or sorties of the enemy and repulses on our part until an armistice of four hours was announced, when the men were permitted to take off their accouterments and to rest until about 4 p. m., at which time the firing recommenced. The total list of killed and wounded for this day amounted only to 2 wounded, viz, 1 in Sixty-seventh Indiana and 1 in Twenty-THIRD Wisconsin.

Wednesday, July 15. -As our rear was reported threatened by a heavy cavalry force, we were ordered to be particularly watchful against simultaneous diversion in front, but although the firing was heavy, it was not much more so than usual. Casualty of this day, 1 wounded in Sixty-seventh Indiana.

Thursday, July 16. -Cavalry raid in our rear continued, and watchfulness in front enjoined. The men never left the breastworks more than to go a few feet, and could be in a few seconds at any time in position. They were called out during the night at the ringing of the fireballs in Jackson. No casualties.

Friday, July 17,-An evident charge in the enemy's position was discovered at dawn this morning, and it was soon ascertained that they had evacuated the down during the period between the ringing of the fire-bells, to call in their pickets, as we afterward learned, and the dawn of morning. The men were now permitted to take some rest, and a few at a time to visit town.

Saturday, July 18. -The brigade marched back 2 miles toward Clinton, and remained encamped until the night of the 20th, during which period the Ninety-sixth Ohio, Colonel Vance commanding, was ordered

