
to aid in destroying the railroad, and returned about midnight on the 20th.

On the 21st, taking up an early line of march, the brigade made the encampment at Mississippi Springs, on the 22nd at Baker's Creek, and on the 23rd of July, passing via Edwards Station, although delayed by two other DIVISIONS, marched 20 miles, and camped at their old quarters, in rear of Vicksburg.

Throughout the entire expedition, officers and men, with rare exceptions, performed their duty promptly, faithfully, and cheerfully. The regimental commanders above named were zealous in encouraging their men, and, although on the march some straggling occurred, in consequence of exhaustion, sickness, and want of water, the route being very badly watered at this season, with occasional wandering aside from motives less urgent or admissible, yet, upon the whole, I rejoice to be able to testify to the resoluteness in action and endurance under fatigue exhibited generally throughout the expedition; nor should I here omit to mention that my two staff officers, Lieutenant H. P. Owen, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Richardson, brigade inspector, carried frequent messages under a galling fire with promptness and efficiency.

I should mention that during the several days of the above period, General Smith being in command of the center column of advance, I received orders through Colonel Landram, then in command of the Tenth DIVISION, who kindly afforded every facility in his power, and furnished the pickets from his own brigade on the nights of the 14th and 16th of July.

The total casualties in the First Brigade during the expedition were 36, viz, 3 killed, 2 deaths from sunstroke, 25 wounded, and 6 MISSING.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD OWEN,

Colonel Sixtieth Indiana Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.

Major S. S. L'HOMMEDIEU, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 25. Report of Colonel William J. Landram, Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, TENTH DIVISION, Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

MAJOR: On the 5th instant, the SECOND Brigade, composed of the following regiments, viz, Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel John Cowan commanding; Seventy-seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry. Colonel D. P. Grier commanding; Ninety-seventh Illinois Regiment Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Martin commanding; One hundred and thirtieth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel N. Niles; Forty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel P. J. Sullivan, and the Chicago Mercantile Battery, Captain P. H. White, the effective strength of the infantry being 1,600 men, marched from Vicksburg in the direction of Jackson, MISS., near which place we arrived on the 10th instant. The First Brigade having the advance, the SECOND acted as a reserve.

