
On the 11th instant, the Ninety-seventh and One hundred and thirtieth Regiments Illinois Volunteers were ordered to make a reconnaissance toward Pearl River, on our right Flank, with a view our determining the position of the enemy at that point. The One hundred and thirtieth Illinois found the rebel cavalry in some force, posted in a corn-field, and by several well-directed volleys and a handsome charge drove them from their position. The two regiments then advanced toward the river, where, finding the infantry of the enemy posted in great force, they were ordered to withdraw, which was done in order, and the regiments returned to camp without the loss of a man. The Seventy-seventh Illinois assisted in destroying the railroad leading south some 15 miles, and the Ninety-seventh Illinois guarded a train that was ordered into the country to forage. The SECOND Brigade relieved the pickets of the First on the THIRD or fourth day after our arrival.

Nothing further of interest transpired after this until the enemy evacuated the city.

I am pleased to be able to testify to the good conduct of officers and men of this, as well as that of the First Brigade.

Respectfully,

W. J. LANDRAM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major S. S. L'HOMMEDIEU, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Brigadier General Alvin P. Hovey, U. S. Army, commanding Twelfth DIVISION. HDQRS. TWELFTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS. Vicksburg, MISS., July 24, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor the report of action of the forces under my command in our march upon and siege of Jackson, MISS.

After the surrender of Vicksburg, on the 5th of July of my DIVISION, under orders from Major-General Ord, marched in the direction of Jackson, and camped on Clear Creek. On the 7 reached Bolton, and on the 8th marched to a point about 5 miles to a Clinton. On the 9th we marched to and camped beyond Clinton, and on the 10th arrived near the fortifications of Jackson. On the 11th, my DIVISION moved, on a road made by our pioneers, from the Clinton road to Holloway's farm, on the Raymond road. Here we encountered the enemy's pickets, and a very sharp skirmish ensued. By the aid of skirmishers and one section of the SIXTEENTH Ohio Battery, we drove them back, and the DIVISION road from Jackson to Raymond, the right of First Brigade, colonel William T. Spicely commanding, resting on the railroad, and the left of Colonel Slack's brigade on the Raymond road. This skirmish was very spirited, and our men moved down over the open fields under fire with all the regularity and spirit of ordinary drill. On the 12th, I received orders to forward so as to bring the left of my DIVISION near the enemy and on the right of General Benton's command. We commenced the movement at 8 a. m., my line of battle reaching from the Raymond road to the railroad, with three regiments in reserve. Before we moved forward, I sent and informed General Lauman, com

