
session of their parapets. My command was eager to follow, but orders forbade it, and they remained in camp, whilst Blair's DIVISION marched into the city.

During the seven days of this siege the Twelfth DIVISION was under a continual fire, and fully returned it.

The railroad was destroyed for more than 5 miles of my command, and 12 cars, besides a large quantity of timber of machinery, were burned.

The brigades under the commands of Cols. James R. Slack, William T. Spicely, Cyrus Hall, George E. Bryant, and I. C. Pugh were ably managed, and they, with their officers and men, deserve the gratitude of their country.

The casualties in my DIVISION during the siege were 3 killed and 57 wounded. Total, 60. After the Fourth DIVISION(General Lauman's)came under my command. It met with no loss. The loss of its gallant men who fell on the 12th will be keenly felt, and along kindly, and fondly remembered. They are now reported to me as follows: In Colonel Bryant's brigade, killed, wounded, and MISSING, 68; in Colonel Pugh's brigade, 465; making a total of casualties in that division, on the 12th, of 533. Many of the heroes sleep near the rebels works, and their graves will be a record of their gallant daring.

On the morning of the 21st, my command commenced its march to Vicksburg, and arrived here on the 23rd, a distance of 55 miles, over a country almost destitute of water.

I herewith transmit reports of Colonel William T Spicely, colonel James R Slack, colonel Cyrus Hall, colonel I. C. Pugh, and Colonel George E. Bryant, commanding the respective brigades under my command.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel William T. Spicely, Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry,commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST. Brigadier, TWELFTH DIV., THIRTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, MISS., July 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with general orders from DIVISION headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade in the Expeditionary Army in the movement against Jackson, MISS.:

On the 5th of July, in pursuance of orders, the First Brigade left the outer works near Vicksburg, moving in the direction of Big Black River Bridge, and went into camp on Clear Creek the same day.

On the 6th, in the evening, we again took up the line of march, and encamped same day on Big Black River.

On the 7th, early in the morning, we again resumed the line of march, and after a most fatiguing day's travel, trough dust and heat, without water the most of the way, we arrived at Bolton at 8 p. m.

On the evening of the 8th, we moved in the direction of Clinton and at 12 o'clock at night we halted on the roadside, 4 miles from Bolton.

