
Early on the morning of the 9th, we again took up line of march and bivouacked that day within 2 miles of Jackson, MISS.

On the 11th, the First Brigade was ordered to take position in the line of investment around Jackson, and receiving an order from General Hovey for a regiment to go in company with his staff to make a reconnaissance, I immediately sent the Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry, under command of Major John F grill, forward in performance of that duty. On the evening of the same day, the remainder of the brigade took up line the Raymond and Jackson road. We came up with the TWENTY-fourth Indiana and Twenty-eight Illinois Infantry, who reported the enemy's skirmishers posted on the road to our front in considerable numbers. I immediately formed the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Indiana and Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin Infantry in line of battle across the road, throwing forward a heavy line of skirmishers to the front, who almost immediately engaged the skirmishers of the enemy. Having thus made disposition of the forces in front, I immediately gave the order to advance, holding the Thirty-fourth and Forty-sixth Indiana in reserve.

At this time I received orders from General Hovey to bring forward a section of artillery to the front line. The command was hardly given when the gallant SIXTEENTH Ohio Battery reopened by placing one section to the front, and opened a deadly fire upon the enemy's line.

Again my line advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers back, halting for a few movements rest, and for the purpose of making a reconnaissance to the right and left, to ascertain the exact position of General Benton's command, who was seeking position to our left. Failing to hear from General Benton's command, we again advanced, driving the enemy across the railroad. Here we halted and remainder for the night, throwing a strong force forward for the protection of our front.

On the 12th, early in the morning, I again advanced my line, the Eleventh and Forty-sixth Indiana and Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin composing the first line, and the Twenty-fourth and Thirty-fourth Indiana in reserve. We drove the enemy, with sharp and severe skirmishing, inside their fortifications, my command closely investing their works. At this point we halted, after throwing a heavy force of skirmishers to the front, constantly skirmishing with the enemy.

On the morning of the 13th, I relieved the Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin and Forty-sixth Indiana, on the first line, ordering up the Twenty-fourth and Thirty-fourth Indiana to the front, holding the first mentioned in reserve.

From the 12th to the 16th day of July, my command was under a continual fire during the day from the enemy's fortifications and skirmishers.

On the 14th, the First Brigade commenced work throwing up fortifications. With but few tools or implements to labor with, the men with zeal pushed the work, and soon a line of breastworks was compelled, affording ample protection to the men in line.

On the morning on the 14th, I ordered Company E, SECOND Illinois Artillery, lieutenant Nispel commanding, with for guns, in position on the road leading from Jackson to Raymond. This command deserves especial thanks for the admirable the road in such a manner as to command all the approaches to the front.

On the 16th instant, I ordered the SIXTEENTH Ohio Battery, Lieuten-

