
and Twist commanding, to the front, relieving the command of Lieutenant Nispel, putting the entire battery in position on the line.

On the morning of the 17th, one of my pickets came in with deserter, who reported that the rebel force entire had evacuated during the night, pushing across Pearl river, in the direction of Brandon.

This fact I immediately communicated to Brigadier-General Hovey, and upon arriving at the front found the skirmished of my command in possession of the enemy's works, the enemy, as reported by the deserter, having left during the night, and with this ended the siege and investment of Jackson.

To Colonel Cameron and Major Jones, Thirty-fourth Indiana; Colonel T. H. Bringhurst, Forty-sixth Indiana; Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Darnall and Major Butter, Eleventh Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Greece, commanding Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin, and Major John F. Grill, commanding Twenty-fourth Indiana, especial thanks are due for the signal ability with which they commands. I am greatly indebted to them for their zeal and gallantry on this occasion.

I also desire to call your particular attention to the gallant SIXTEENTH Ohio Battery, and to the officers and men in the that command, and while doing so I must not fail to make honorable mention of Company E, SECOND Illinois artillery, whose officers and men were ever ready and prompt to move at every command.

Captain[John. F.] Caven, acting assistant inspector-general, and Captain W. S. Marshall and Lieutenant D. J. Wells, my aides on this expedition are deserving of special notice honorable mention for the zeal and ability with which they executed every order, and more especially for their gallantry in the skirmish before Jackson.

Captain Joseph H. Livsey, assistant adjutant-general, was, unfortunately, left in camp under a severe attack of illness. I much regret the loss of his assistance on this occasion.

When I come to speak of the men of my command, 'language limps along the line. " The gallant First Brigade has a record for gallantry and bravery on every field of battle which words fail to describe. All honor to the men of the First Brigade.

I herewith submit a list of casualties in this command, as shown by the regimental reports. I also append a list of the names of enlisted men, under your order, who are deserving of honorable mention and promotion for good conduct and gallantry upon every occasion.

My loss before Jackson is as follows: Killed, 1; wounded, 40. Aggregate, 41.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. T. SPICELY,

Colonel, Comdg. 1st Brigade, 12th DIVISION, 13th Army Corps.

Captain John E. PHILLIPS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Colonel James R. Slack, Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, TWELFTH DIV., THIRTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, MISS., July 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to summit, the following report of tho and the battle at Jackson, MISS., by the brigade under my command,

