
consisting of the Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John A. McLaughlin; FIFTY-sixty Ohio Infantry, commanded by Colonel William H. Raynor; Twenty-fourth Iowa Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. Q. Winds; Twenty-eight Iowa Infantry, commanded by Colonel John Connell; Eighty-seventh Illinois Infantry, commanded by Liet. Colonel John M. Crebs; one section of First Missouri Battery, commanded by Lieutenant C. M. Callahan, and the SECOND Ohio Battery, commanded by Lieutenant A. Beach:

We took up our line of march from the battle-field at Vicksburg on the 5th day of July, the after the surrender, and, after a five days' very fatiguing march, without anything particularly marked in our course, expect much suffering with the extreme heat, we reached the neighborhood of the rebel fortification at Jackson.

On the 9th of July, we took up our line of march and advanced toward the enemy's line When within 2 miles of the enemy, the advance of the First Brigade encountered the rebel pickets, immediately after which the action commenced.

General Hovey, commanding, directed me to form my brigade to the left of the Raymond road and forward the whole column, which was speedily executed, and we advanced to Lynch's Creek. Here I advanced two companies of the Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry as skirmishers across the creek. As soon as they crossed the creek, the enemy opened fire upon them, to which the skirmishers spiritedly replied, and, after a contest of about thirty minutes, drove the enemy from the field. While the skirmishers were contesting the ground, I advance the whole command the creek and formed directly on the bank. We advanced no farther that night, the men lying upon their arms all night, with a strong picket line in front.

On the morning of the 10th instant, I advanced a line of skirmishers, consisting of one company from each regiment, and my brigade in line in the reach across a field, but met no obstacle until we reached the night ground through the woods in advance of the field, when the rebel pickets were again encountered, but, after a few well-directed volleys from my line of skirmishers, the enemy was sent howling behind their fortifications.

During the advance of the line Lieutenant Harper, then in command of the SECOND Ohio Battery, shelled the woods in our front, and contributed greatly to drive the enemy back. The whole, where we formed a line, threw out a line skirmishers covering my whole front, and at once began constructing intrenchments. in the afternoon of the advance of my line, in pursuance to the order of Brigadier-General Hovey, I ordered up Lieutenant Callahan, with his section of artillery, who took position in the Raymond road, and opened on the rebel line with very fatal effect.

During the next seven days the siege continued, the men of my command during and intrenching, the sharpshooters in advance striking, wounding, and killing all who exposed their person to the unerring aim of our riflemen, until the morning of the 17th, when it was announced by our pickets that the rebel had evacuated during the night. I sent forward a line of skirmishers, who soon verified the truth of the conjecture by talking possession of the enemy's works and raising the Stars and Stripes thereon.

During the whole time of the siege the officers and men conducted themselves with great bravery and skill, living three days on less than fourth rations. They endured all without a murmur, and witnessed the

