
culmination of their hopes by the surrender of the last fortified city in the State of Mississippi and the almost literal annihilation of the rebel army in the Southwest.

The whole number of killed and wounded is a follows: Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, 1 killed and 4 wounded; FIFTY-sixth Ohio Infantry, 5 wounded; Twenty-fourth Iowa Infantry, 1 killed and 4 wounded; Twenty-eight Iowa Infantry, 1 wounded; Eighty-seventh Illinois Infantry, 3 wounded, making in all, killed and wounded, 19, detailed reports of which are herewith submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, yours,

JAMES R. SLACK,

Colonel, Comdg. SECOND Brigadier, Twelfth Div., Thirteenth Army Corps.

Captain John E. PHILLIPS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 29. Report of Colonel Isaac C. Pugh, Forty-first Illinois Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade. HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, TWELFTH DIVISION, Near Jackson, July 20, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from General Hovey, I herewith send you a statement of the operations of the First brigade, Fourth DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, since the 5th day of July, 1863.

I left Vicksburg on the morning of the 5th July, 1863, and marched to Clear Creek and encamped, from which place we marched the 7th to near Bolton. The 8th we marched about 3 miles, and encamped until the morning of the 9th. On the 9th, we marched to the town of Clinton, and encamped until the morning of the 10th. On the 10th, we arrived in the vicinity of Jackson, and on the 11th were ordered into line on General Hovey's right.

I encamped on the night of the 11th on the WEST side of the railroad running south from Jackson, and on the morning of the 12th my brigade was ordered into line of battle on the east side if the railroad, my left resting on the road on General Hovey's right, my line of battle running obliquely southeast, or back from General Hovey's. About 10 o'clock, General Lauman came up and ordered my line changed so as to form a square or right angle line with general Hovey's right, which order I obeyed, and, after some artillery firing was ordered forward by General Kauman. My line consisted of the following regiments, to wit: the Twenty-eighth regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry(which had been ordered to report to me for duty) on the right, commanded by Major Rhodes; the Forty-first Regiment Illinois infantry Volunteers on the right center, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John H. Nale; the THIRD Regiment Iowa infantry Volunteers on the right left center, commanded by Colonel Aaron Brown; the FIFTY-THIRD regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry on the left, resting on railroad, commanded by Colonel S. C. Earl. Colonel J. B. Moore, of the Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin Infantry, was ordered to the right by General Lauman, to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Pearl River.

I was ordered by General Lauman to move my line forward cautiously,

