
which order I obeyed. after passing a small creek, lined with timber and dense underbrush, my command arrived in the open field, when I halted and had mu line dressed up. I did not like the looks of the ground. There was a corn-field in front, beyond which there was a skirt of timber, and beyond that the timber had been felled. The fences had been laid down, and the corn cut down, except a strip immediately in front of my line. I ordered one of my aides to request General Laumen's presence on the ground, as I did not like appearance of the field, and I did not intend to advance farther without orders. During the time General Lauman was coming up, my skirmishers on the right fell back, and when the general came up he ordered the skirmishers to be pushed forward to be distance of 300 or 400 yards, and, then gave the order to my brigade to " forward," which order was obeyed. As soon as the line had crossed the field and had got fairly into the timber, the enemy opened a murderous fire on my whole line, but the men and officers pressed forward until they got within 120 yards of the enemy's breastworks, when they took shelter behind the fallen timber, but the fire was so murderous that what officers and men were left fell back, the firing lasting about one hour.

I should have that the Twenty-eight Illinois infantry belongs to the THIRD brigade Fourth DIVISION, and I have not any report from the commanding officer of that regiment.

The losses of the regiments are as following are as follows, to wit: THIRD Iowa Infantry lost 114 men, including officers, in killed, wounded, and MISSING; the Forty-first Illinois lost, men and officers killed, wounded, and MISSING, 136; and the FIFTY-THIRD Illinois, total loss, 134. The FIFTH Ohio Battery was brought up during the action the action, and lost 9 men in killed, wounded, and, Missing, and had two guns disabled. Colonel Earl, of the FIFTY-THIRD Illinois, was killed; Colonel Brown, of the THIRD Iowa, was severely wounded in the thigh; and Lieutenant-Colonel Nale, Forty-first Illinois, was stunned by a spent ball, and had to leave the field. I had about 880 men(including officers) engaged, and of that number 465 were killed, wounded, and MISSING.

Officers and men behaved very gallantry. No troops could have done better. All acted nobly, for which have my thanks and the thanks of a grateful country.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. PUGH,

Colonel 41st Illinois Infty., Comdg. 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 16th A. C.

Captain John E. PHILLIPS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Report of Major George W. Crosley, THIRD Iowa Infantry. NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the conduct and loss of the THIRD Iowa Infantry in the assault upon the enemy's works at Jackson, MISS., on July 12, 1863:

About 9 o'clock on the morning of the 12th, the THIRD Iowa, Forty-

