
Landing, La. (where we crossed and went down the stream of the Mississippi River 19 miles, landing, on the Mississippi side at Bruinsburg), port Gibson, MISS., Hankinson's Ferry, on the Black River, rocky Springs, Utica Raymond, Clinton, Jackson, champion's Hill, near Bolton, Edwards Station, crossing the Black River near____plantation, and arriving in front of the enemy's works in rear of Vicksburg, on May 21. To accomplish this we have marched a distance of more than 200 miles. At SMITH's plantation, some 25 miles from Milliken's Bend, all of my regimental teams, six in number, excepting one, were ordered back to Milliken's Bend, from which place they were used in carrying ammunition for the use of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, and were so employed for several days. When relieved from such duty they were for some days unable to cross the Mississippi River, so that during the entire march from SMITH's plantation, La., April 26, to ______plantation, on the Black River, May 17, the only Government transportation of any kind with the regiment was 2 ambulances, 1 medicine wagon, and 1 six-mule team. The men carried their knapsacks, blankets, rations, and 60 rounds of ammunition. The six-mule team carried a few boxes of ammunition, the blankets and provisions of officers, and such supplies for the men as the regimental quartermaster was able to secure along our route. On said march we have drawn rations from Government as follows:We took with us five days' rations from Milliken's Bend. On or about May 1 we drew four days' rations of hard bread alone. May 4 we drew three-FIFTH rations of hard bread, sugar and tea for five days, beyond which time, up to May 17, all rations used by the regiment, and all forage used by regimental horses and mules, were secured by the regimental quartermaster for the regiment consisted chiefly of-sugar, molasses, salt, corn meal, and bacon.

On May 17, the five regimental teams left behind overtook us, bringing five days' part rations of hard bread, flour, sugar, and coffee.

May 23, we drew full rations for the first time since leaving Milliken's Bend.

We met the enemy, for the first time on this expedition, on the 3rd, instant, about 10 miles from Port Gibson, on the road to Hankinson's Ferry. Here the regiment was formed in line of battle on the right of the road, and advanced in this manner for some distance under a brisk fire of the enemy's artillery. The regiment received no injury. The enemy hastily retiring, we advanced by the flank to Hankinson's Ferry, on the Black River, remaining at that place for several days.

May 12, we heard heavy-firing in front, and on arriving near the town of Raymond, the regiment formed in line of battle on the left of General Logan's DIVISION, which was already in line. In this position we remained an hour, as support for a battery of artillery, under a rapid and well-directed fire of a rebel battery. That evening we passed through and encamped near the town.

May 14, on the road from Clinton to Jackson, and when about 2 miles form the latter place, we met the enemy in strong force, and immediately formed line on the right of the road. Soon, however, the regiment was ordered to take position on the left of the road, with its right resting thereon, and to support the SEVENTEENTH Iowa in charging the rebel lines. The enemy fled before the charge, and the regiment, with the others of General Quinby's DIVISION, entered the town. Loss of the regiment was 2 wounded.

May 16, at Champion's Hill, near Bolton, MISS., we came up to the line formed by Generals Hovey's and Logan's DIVISIONS, who were

