
tested ground over which he proposed to take his men; also by his sleepless energy in constructing earthworks, with a half dozen spades and two picks and one foot adze, which won the encomiums of both Generals Ord and Sherman, the corps and expeditionary commanders. In my judgment, his promotion to be a brigadier-general is one eminently fit to be made, and has been abundantly earned.

I most respectfully refer to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders for the names of their officers and men who distinguished themselves, but I cannot refrain from adding my testimony to that of Colonel Shunk in behalf of Lieutenant Joseph P. Wiggins, adjutant of the Eight Indiana and acting adjutant of the First Brigade. To good business habits and a methodical mind, patient and painstaking, he adds greats personal gallantry. It would require a PAGE to narrate the acts of bravery which I have seen him perform since this army crossed the Mississippi River. His promotion to assistant adjutant-general would be a simple act of justice to him and a valuable addition to that department.

Of my own staff, I can only speak in the highest terms. Major Thomas J. Brady, of the Eight Indiana Infantry, inspector-general and chief of staff, was always in the front when the firing indicated that work was to be done. Captain C. H. Dyer, assistant adjutant-general, did his whole duty; so also did Lieutenant Frank Adams and Lieutenant George H. Filer, aides-de-camp. Captain William R. Irwin, commissary of subsistence, not only abundantly supplied this DIVISION, but was able to help our neighbors, Generals Osterhaus and Hovey, out of difficulty; while the quartermaster's department, under Lieutenant Jesse E. Scott, as usual, was fully up to the standard.

I cannot speak in terms of too much praise of the medical department, under the efficient management of Dr. [Oliver P.] Rex, of the Thirty-THIRD Illinois Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 34. Report of Lieutenant Philip Nonweiler, First Indiana Battery. NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I herewith submit a detail report of the operations of the First Indiana Battery in the campaign just closed.

The battery left Vicksburg July 5, and arrived before Jackson, MISS., on the 10th, nothing of importance transpiring on the march. On the 11th, the battery was placed in position about 600 yards from the enemy, and ordered to shell him from his position in front of his works. after firing an hour, the battery, in conjunction with the infantry of the brigade, advanced and drove the enemy inside of his works. Position was then taken about 1,000 yards from the line of intrenchments held by the rebels, and strengthened by throwing up substantial earthworks. Nothing of interest to the battery, except occasional firing, took place until the 13th, when the enemy seemed to have concentrated the fire of at least three batteries upon my command. I was

