
ordered to throw a few shell into the woods in front, to drive in the enemy's skirmishers, who were at this time driving in our sharpshooters. No sooner did I open than I received the fire of some three batteries from the front, from the right, and from the left. This was a most galling fire, lasting nearly an hour, and the shells exploding in the midst of the battery. It was returned by us in gallant style and, I believe, good effect.

During this firing Private Louis Maas was wounded severely in the leg, which was amputated. I have no other casualty in my command to report during this campaign. Nothing further of interest took place until the morning of the 17th, when it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated the place.

On the morning of the 21st, we took up the return march to Vicksburg, where we arrived on the 24th.

The officers and men of the battery who were engaged all behaved with great intrepidity and coolness, and where it would be injustice to mention any men in particular.

Respectfully submitted.

PH. NONWEILER,

SECOND Lieutenant, Commanding First Indiana Battery.

Lieutenant J. P. WIGGINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 35. Report of Colonel David Shunk, Eighth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTEENTH DIVISION, July 26, 1863.

In obedience to orders, I herewith send you official report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Fourteenth DIVISION, in the campaign just closed.

The brigade started from Vicksburg, as per order, at 5 a. m. on the 5th of July, and proceeded toward Jackson, via the Clinton road, arriving in the vicinity of Jackson on the 10th.

On the 11th, the brigade was ordered in position about 600 yards in front of the enemy's line of skirmishers. After shelling the woods on the opposite side of a cleared field by the First Indiana Battery we advanced a strong line of skirmishers, following them closely with the brigade across the field. The enemy in the woods gave way and left us in possession of the woods. We then took position about 1,000 yards distant from the enemy works, with our right resting on the Raymond road, where we constructed rifle-pits, and kept up a continuous skirmish with the enemy's sharpshooters, frequently receiving severe shelling from the enemy, which was promptly replied to by the First Indiana Battery. The above system of warfare was carried on by our brigade until the morning of the 17th of July, when the enemy evacuated the place.

On the 18th, we marched south to the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad, and commenced tearing up the track, which we did successfully as far south as Byram Station.

