
On the 20th, we marched back to our camp near Jackson, and on the 21st started for Vicksburg, which place we reached on the 24th. The entire brigade was during the whole time without tens and only such cooking utensils as could be carried by hand, and notwithstanding the many inconveniences we labored for want of water and scarcity of cooking utensils, each officer and private in the brigade performed every duty required on with a hearty good will. The following is a list of casualties. *

Total casualties, 1 killed and 17 wounded.

Of the officers and men who deserve favorable mention, I present you the names of Lieutenant J. P. Wiggins, aide-de-camp, and Major Potter, of the Thirty-THIRD Illinois, both of which officers, I would respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports the different regiments composing the brigade.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID SHUNK,

Colonel Eight Indiana Infty., Comdg. First Brigadier, Fourteenth Div.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 36. Report of Captain Ira Moore, Thirty-THIRD Illinois Infantry. Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the Thirty-THIRD Illinois Infantry, colonel C. E. Lippincott, left camp in rear of Vicksburg, MISS., on the morning of the 5th of July, and proceeded with his division toward Jackson. Reached Black River the first night, when the colonel was taken sick and obliged to return. The command devolving on Captain, i. H. Elliot. Continued by easy marches toward Jackson, before the rebels defenses of which the regiment arrived on the morning of the 10th, and the same evening moved, under fire from the enemy's guns. Around to the right into our destined position.

On the morning of the 12th, moved forward in line of battle, driving the enemy's skirmishers, with little resistance. More than one-quarter of a mile toward his works, where the regiment took position, detaching Company G from the left to fill a gap between the two brigades of the DIVISION. Here the regiment commenced intrenching. On the night of the 12th, the regiment, with the exception of Company G, was ordered to picket the front of the brigade, and to act as sharpshooters the ensuing day.

Accordingly, on the morning of the 13th, captain Elliot advanced his skirmishers, by order, driving the enemy inside his works with loss, he making spirited resistance, and soon rallying with re-enforcements. Soon the skirmishers, both on the right and left of the regiment, fall back leaving it exposed to a sharp cross-fire. The enemy pressed his advantage, but gained no ground, and, notwithstanding a severe shelling was ordered to the efforts of his sharpshooters, night found us in possession of the ground we held in the morning.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

