
The conduct of both men and officers was not to be excelled. In such cases it is hard to distinguish individuals, but Captain Elliot, commanding, particularly notices Captain Pope, of Company D, who here, as in all previous engagements, exhibited that could courage which makes him a model officer; also Sergt. Major Charles E. Wilcox, than whom there is no better or braver soldier. I may add to this number the name of Captain Elliot himself, whom all the officers and men under his command agree in specially commending.

Jackson was evacuated on the 17th of July.

On the 18th, marched out 5 miles on the Mississippi Central Railroad, and, with the rest of the Fourteenth DIVISION, tore up and destroyed, by burning, 5 miles of railroad track.

July 20 returned to camp near Jackson, and the 21st, started on the return to Vicksburg, by way of Raymond. The men kept well in ranks, notwithstanding the extreme heat. Arrived at Vicksburg July 24. *

IRA MOORE,

Captain Thirty-THIRD Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant J. P. WIGGINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-general.

Numbers 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lemuel Parke, Ninety-NINTH Illinois Infantry. Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to an order issued from headquarters army at Jackson, I hereby send my report of the campaign just ended.

We marched with the army, by way of Black River Bridge, champion's Hill, and Clinton, to Jackson, which he reached on the evening of the 10th instant, and filled our place in the brigade during the siege, which ended on the morning of the 17th.

On the 18th, moved camp 2 1/2 miles on the Raymond road, where we halted an hour or two, then marched down the Jackson and New Orleans Railroad and destroyed the railroad to Byram Station, and returned on the 20th to our camp near Jackson.

On the 21st, we took up the line of march for Vicksburg, which we reached on the 24th.

Our regiment has no casualties to report during the entire campaign. In regard to the conduct of our men and officers, I believe they have fought with gallantry due veterans in every engagement in which we have had the privilege of taking a part. To make particular mention of any one would on injustice to the rest the command; therefore I will mention none but the color-bearers, who were faithful to their duty. One, Thomas J. Higgins, a sergeant in Company D, pressed forward on the day of the charge at Vicksburg(May 22)and posted his standard on the ford, and, our regiment having to fall back, he was captured, colors and all; and William B. Sutton, a sergeant in Company C, while pressing forward with his colors, fell, from a shot trough the side; not knowing that he was hurt badly; wanted to carry the colors, but he both of the boys certainly deserve special credit. And, as far as special.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties, omitted, embodied in revised statement, p. 547.

---------------

