
reward is concerned, our men and officers deserve what is due those faithful supporters of their country's cause.

L. PARKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. P. WIGGINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 38. Report of Captain Jonathan H. Williams, Eighteenth Indiana Infantry. IN THE FIELD, July 26, 1863.

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders, I beg leave to report the part taken by the Eighteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the march and the attack on the city of Jackson, MISS.

The regiment marched at 5 a. m. on the morning of July 5, 1863, by way of Clear Creek; and on the 6th, crossed Big Black River, near the ruins of the bridge, and camped near Edwards Depot; and on the 7th, passed Edwards Depot and Champion's Hill battle-ground, and encamped; and on the 8th of July, at 5 p. m., marched in the direction of Clinton; and on the morning of the 9th, passed Clinton and encamped; and on the 10th, marched on the road leaving to Jackson, and encamped on the right of the DIVISIONS of Generals Osterhaus and Smith; and on the 11th of July, 5 p. m., advanced to the front, and on the right of the

-------

regiment, SECOND Brigade, and on the left of the Eight Regiment Indiana Volunteers; and on the 12th, at 9 a. m., advanced to the front in line of battle to and within some 600 yards of the enemy's line of works, when and where some skirmishing occurred; and on the night of the 12th, our regiment threw up rifle-pits; and on the evening of the 14th, the regiment was thrown forward some 300 yards as an advance picket, and completed an advance rifle pit commenced by the Ninety-NINTH Regiment Illinois Volunteers, and within some 400 yards of the rebel line. While in this position, in skirmishing with the enemy, Moses Simmons, private of Company E, was slightly wounded in the hip with a Minie ball: and on the 16th, Isaac Langley, private of Company H, was severely wounded by a ball from a shell from the enemy's guns; and on the same day, William M. Berry, Sergeant of Company A, was slightly wounded by a Minie ball. On the morning of the 17th, to the surprise of our men, the enemy had evacuated the city and their line of works; and on the 18th, regiment marched south to the Mississippi Railroad, and commenced destroying the same, and continued assisting in this destruction as far south as Byram Station; and on the 20th, the regiment returned to the camp near Jackson; and on the 21st, at 6 a. m., the regiment marched by the Raymond road, and after passing Mississippi Springs encamped near Raymond; and on the 22nd, moved on toward Edwards Depot, and encamped on Baker's Creek; and on the 23rd, passed Edwards Depot and Big Black River to within 5 miles of Vicksburg; and on the 24th, marched to the present camp; and during all this time the officers and men were without tents or cooking utensil, except what they carried by hand. I cannot close this report, imperfect as it may be, without saying that both officers and men of the Eighteenth Indiana Volunteers did their whole duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILLIAMS,

Captain, Commanding Eighteenth Indiana Volunteers.

