
River, 14 miles distant, where 1 man died from disease, and 5 enlisted men and 1 commissioned officer returned to Vicksburg on account of sickness.

July 6,- Proceeded to Edwards Station, having frequent skirmishes with the enemy, and encamped for the night.

July 7. -Proceeded, with frequent skirmishing, to Clinton, 8 miles distant.

July 8. - Took up line of march, driving the enemy before us, with frequent skirmishes, to their intrenchment at Jackson, before which place we camped in front of the enemy.

July 9. - Skirmishing all day with the enemy, with the loss of 1 man wounded.

July 10. - Skirmishing as before.

July 11. - Advanced near the works of the enemy, and threw up breastworks. Heavy skirmishing.

July 12. - Constant skirmishing from this date until the evening of the 16th, when the enemy evacuated Jackson.

July 17. - We entered Jackson and took possession of the works.

July 18. - Started out to tear up the track and destroy bridges on the Jackson and new Orleans Railroad, which we continued until the morning of the 20th, when we commenced our return to Vicksburg, where we arrived and went into camp July 24.

Respectfully submitted.

L. B. HOUSTON,

Major, Commanding Twenty-THIRD Iowa Infantry Volunteers.

First Lieutenant W. E. HOUSTON,

Acting Adjutant.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Luther H. Whittlesey, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry. Vicksburg, MISS., July 26, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: For the information of the colonel commanding the brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry in the late march and attack on Jackson, MISS., and their subsequent movements up to this date:

On the morning of July 5, Conformably to orders issued the day previous, we marched from our camp and trenches in rear of Vicksburg at 6 a. m. out on the Jackson road to Clear Creek, near Black River, marching about 10 miles that day under a clear burning sun, but fortunately, finding good water at our camp.

July 6. -We marched at 4 a. m., crossing the Big Black 1 1/2 miles from our camp on Clear Creek, and proceeded some 4 miles to a plantation near Edwards Depot, where we lay upon our arms for the night. The weather was very hot, which, with poor water combined, caused some suffering among the troops.

July 7. - We broke camp at 7 a. m., marched about 8 miles, camping near the forks of the Raymond and Clinton roads. At 5 a. m. we formed line of battle, and bivouacked for the night.

July 8. - We marched at 6 p. m. ; proceeded 4 miles and camped.

July 9. - Marched at 6 a. m. ; passed through Clinton to within 8 miles of Jackson.

