
July 10 . - Marched at 5 a. m., and arrived before Jackson at 9. 30 a. m. where we rested till evening and then moved into position in the line, about 1, 6000 yards from the enemy's works.

July 11. - In the morning, Company B, of the Eleventh, together with one company each from the Twenty-first and Twenty-SECOND Iowa Infantry, were thrown forward as skirmishers, the whole under the command of Captain Remick, Company B, Eleventh. Advancing across an old field, some 300 yards in width, they came to the woods in our front, and developed a force of the enemy, estimated at about 800 strong, who attacked our skirmishers in front and on the right flank, and repulsed them with a loss to my command of 2 killed and 1 severely wounded. We, however, held possession of a house and out-buildings between our front and the enemy, and from that point kept his skirmishers well back under shelter of the woods that covered the ground between us and the enemy's works.

July 12. - The brigade was formed for an advance in following order: A line of skirmishers and supports, under the immediate command of the brave Major Houston, of the Twenty-THIRD Iowa Infantry; a line of battle, composed of the Eleventh Wisconsin and twenty-SECOND Iowa, under my command, and a THIRD line a reserve, comprising the Twenty-first and Twenty-THIRD Iowa, under of Brigadier-General Lawler. The object of the advance was to obtain possession of the woods in our front. The troops moved up in beautiful order, and obtained possession of the woods without resistance, the enemy retiring at our advance. We thus gained a position some 600 yards nearer than the one occupied the day previous.

July 13. - The enemy shelled us vigorously, bursting a number of shell just in rear of my regiment, but without damage, expect the wounding of a couple of artillery houses, belonging to Captain Davidson's battery, which was posted immediately on my left.

July 17. - I was ordered by General Lawler to move forward and occupy the works of the enemy in front of the SECOND Brigade, he having abandoned Jackson the night previous. This I did, remaining on duty there during the day and until relieved by order of General Lawler, when I returned to camp.

July 18. - Marched at 7 a. m. to a new camp, 2 miles distant, and at 2 p. m. moved down to the railroad near Byram, and began destroying the track of the Mississippi Central Railroad, as ordered.

July 19. - Destroyed railroad track.

July 20. - Marched from our bivouac, near Byram, to our new camp near Jackson, a distance of 6 miles.

July 21. - Marched at 7 a. m. to Raymond, 14 miles.

July 22. - Marched at 6 a. m. 10 1/2 miles, camping on Baker's Creek. July 23. - Marched at 5 a. m. to within 7 miles of Vicksburg.

July 24. - Marched to our old camps in rear of Vicksburg, thence to camp just below the city, via Warrenton road, a distance of about 10 miles, where the regiment is now encamped.

I append herewith a list of the killed and wounded of my command, before referred to. *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

L. H. WHITTLESEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. ADAMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list, omitted, shows 2 men killed and 1 wounded.

---------------

