
already engaging the enemy. My regiment was placed on the right of a battery as a support therefor. Almost immediately, however, bu order of General McPherson, my regiment was ordered to hasten forward and assist the right of General Logan's DIVISION, which was reported to be hard pressed. The men threw their knapsacks and blankets from their shoulders and dashed forward in the direction indicated at the enemy, of whom my regiment captured and sent to the rear 118.

Directly, finding myself some distance in front of, and unsupported on either side by, the line formed by the remainder of the troops, and finding that enemy was massing a heavy force in front, I sent my adjutant to General McPherson to report our situation and ask for instructions. Almost at the same time enemy opened upon us with artillery. I caused the men to lie down, where they remained, sheltered by the crest of the hill, until I received orders to draw the regiment back, so as to connect with the right of such troops as I found first in my rear. This was executed, and the regiment formed on the right of Colonel Leggett's brigade, of General Logan's DIVISION. Here we remained about an hour, when the line of march to the front was again resumed, when I joined my regiment to the balance of Colonel Sanborn's brigade.

My lent was Captain Thompson and Private [Michael] Dolan, of Company E, both wounded, the captain severely.

May 21, we formed line in front of the enemy's works in rear of Vicksburg.

On the morning of the 22nd, at 10 o'clock, by order from General Grant, an assault was ordered upon the fortifications around Vicksburg. My regiment, with the Forty-eighth Indiana for reserve and support, was ordered to charge upon one of the enemy's forts just in front as soon as I should see a charge made upon the fort next on my right. All preparations were made, and we were waiting for the signal to advance, when I was directed not to advance until further orders.

While awaiting such orders, our brigade was directed to proceed to the support of General Burbridge's brigade, of General McClernand's army corps, on our left. The Forty-eighth Indiana and Fourth Minnesota Infantry were moved into position in front of the rebel works, where General Burbridge was already engaged. No sooner had we taken such position than General Burbridge withdrew his brigade from the action.

Under a direct fire from the fort in front, and a heavy cross-fire from a fort on our right, the regiment pressed forward up tp and even on the enemy's works. In this position, contending for the possession of the rebel earthworks before us, the regiment remained for two hours, when it became dark, and I was ordered by Colonel Sanborn to withdraw the regiment.

Noticing a field piece, which had been lifted up the hill by main strength, and had apparently been used by General Burbridge in attempting to batter down the walls of the fort, but which he had left behind when he withdrew his brigade, I sent Company C to draw the piece from the ground and down the hill. This being safely executed, I moved the regiment by the left flank from their position and down the hill. We bivouacked about 80 rods from the place of action.

In this action the regiment suffered severely, losing some of its best officers and men-12 were killed and 42 were wounded. A list of their names is hereto attached. *

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

