HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., Fifteenth A. C.,Near Messinger's Ferry, July 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have to report that on the 5th day of July, 1863, at daybreak, I started from camp near Vicksburg, with my brigade, in the direction of Messinger's on the Big Black River, which we crossed about on the 6th. The march was continued toward Jackson, via Bolton and Clinton, on the Bridgeport road.

We arrived in the neighborhood of Jackson, and rear of the enemy's works, at 8. 30 a. m. of the 10th, and took position on the right of the road, near

------

's house. My brigade continued to occupy this position, which was the SECOND line of the Fifteenth Army Corps, for some days.

On the 12th, during a general cannonading, 2 men were killed and 2 wounded, all of the Twenty-FIFTH Iowa Volunteers, by the explosion of a shell in camp.

On the 13th, 2 enlisted men, of the THIRD Missouri Volunteers, were killed in camp by a solid shot.

On the 16th, I marched my brigade to Canton, MISS., returning on the 20th.

On the 23rd, we left the vicinity of Jackson, and, on the 25th arrived at Messinger's plantation, on the WEST bank of Big Black River.

I annex a list of the killed and wounded above mentioned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Colonel Seventy-sixth Regiment Ohio VOL. Infantry, Comdg. Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM S. WHITTEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Brigadier General James M. Tuttle, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD DIVISION. CAMP ON BEAR CREEK, MISS., July 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the late movement on Jackson by the forces under Major-General Sherman. My DIVISION moved from before Vicksburg on the 22nd day of June, 1863, and, on the 24th, took position on the plantation of Mr. Trible, near Little Bear Creek, on the roads leading to Messinger's and Birdsong Ferries, on the Big Black river, advancing one regiment on each road as an outpost, and threw up breastworks on the high groung in Mr. Trible's field and running across the road. We remained in this position until after the fall of Vicksburg, on the 4th of July. On the evening of that day, we marched to Messinger's Ford, and, after building a bridge across Big Black River, succeeded in crossing. about 4 p. m. on the 6th of July, I crossed my DIVISION, with colonel McMILLEN's brigade in advance. On reaching the high ground, we were met by the enemy's skirmishers, but continued light skirmishing all the way from there to the junction with the Bridgeport road, 3 1/2 miles, where we bivouacked for the night.

