
The next day being General Blair's day to have the advance of the corps, he marched on toward Jackson, before which place we arrived on the 10th, without anything particularly worthy of note transpiring.

My command being in the rear, by regular succession, on the day of arrival was designated as the reserve DIVISION of the corps, in which position it remained until the 15th, when I moved to the front and relieved general Osterhaus' DIVISION, where we remained until after the evacuation, on the 17th. During the last few days of the siege my skirmishers were severely engaged several times, in which they behaved well.

After the evacuation, I was ordered to send all of my DIVISION not otherwise engaged with General Steele in pursuant of Johnston, and to destroy the railroad to Brandon. I accordingly sent four regiments, under command of Colonel Geddes, of the Eighth Iowa, whose report in inclosed. I also inclose a list of casualties in the two brigades that accompanied me. The SECOND Brigade, having been detached and sent to Young's point, was not with the DIVISION.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. M. TUTTLE.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Report of Colonel William L. McMILLEN, Ninety-FIFTH Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade. NEAR MARKHAM'S, July 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the brigade under my command in the recent expedition to Jackson, MISS.:

The First Brigade, consisting of the Seventy-SECOND and Ninety-Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, and Ninety-THIRD Indiana Volunteer Infantry, and Company E, First Illinois light artillery, took up the line of march on the 4th of July, at 4 p. m., encamping that night near Messinger's. the next morning it moved to Messinger's Ford, and, in connection with the DIVISION pioneer corps, captain Young, built a bridge over the Big black. On the morning of the 6th instant, four companies were thrown across the river, with instruction to advance as skirmishers to the foot of the hill beyond. about 3 p. m., by direction of the general commanding the DIVISION, one regiment(the Ninety-THIRD Indiana, Colonel Thomas commanding) was ordered over to support the skirmishers, with orders to advance and occupy the crest of the hill, the remainder of the brigade following almost immediately. some opposition was made by the enemy's pickets, but the point was gained without difficulty. I then marched the brigade by the flank, the Seventy-SECOND Ohio in advance, to be main(Bolton) road, reaching it late in the evening. There was almost continuous skirmishing from the time we crossed the river until we reached the Bolton road, and great credit is due the companies and regiments engaged. Several prisoners were taken by my advance

