
On the following day, the 20th, in accordance with your orders, I proceeded to the railroad depot, and took part in destroying the track. The march bank to Jackson was very severe on my men, as it was made in the heat of the day and was very rapid. Officers and men of my regiment all behaved nobly and did their duty to the letter. there were no casualties in this regiment.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your very obedient servant,

SAML. A. J. SNYDER,

Captain Comdg. Seventy-SECOND regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel J. L. GEDDES,

Eight Iowa Volunteers.

Numbers 46. Report of Colonel Joseph J. Woods, Twelfth Iowa Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade. CAMP, BEAR CREEK, MISS., July 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of the operations and casualties in the THIRD Brigade in the Campaign to Jackson, MISS.:

We left our camps in the vicinity of Trible's and Young's July 4; crossed the Big Black River at Messinger's July 6, following the First Brigade at supporting distance. We continued to advance until, on the 10th, we halted near Jackson, in rear of our batteries.

On the 11th, lieutenant Dugan, acting assistant quartermaster of the brigade, while out with a foraging party, was attacked by the enemy's cavalry and received two wounds, and most of his party were captured. we remained in the position taken on the 10th without further casualties, although many of the enemy's shells fell among us, until the 15th, when we moved to the right and front, the DIVISION relieving the DIVISION of General Osterhaus.

On the following day, in pursuance of orders, we advanced our skirmishers and men a warm reception from the enemy. We had several wounded, 1 mortally. The following night we labored all night, placing the SECOND Iowa Battery in position and in improving the infantry defense.

On the morning of the 17th, it was found that the enemy had evacuated the place, and that afternoon we moved north of the Clinton road.

On the 18th and 19th, the Thirty-FIFTH Iowa was engaged in destroying the railroad in Jackson; on the 20th, was sent as guard to prisoners to Clinton, where it joined the brigade on the 23rd .

On the 18th, the English and Twelfth Iowa, under Colonel J. L. Geddes, of the Eighth Iowa, in conjunction with other forces, started on an expedition to Brandon.

On the 19th, they had a short engagement with the enemy, in which Sergeant [John] Duncan, Eighth Iowa, was killed and a few men wounded. They assisted in destroying several miles of railroad track and the railroad buildings in Brandon, and returned on the 20th.

On the 23rd, the brigade took up its line of march, and arrived at its present camp July 26.

During this campaign, as always heretofore, Colonel J. L. Geddes, Eighth Iowa, showed the true characteristics of the soldier. He is an excel-

