
enemy's battery, which had the effect of dividing their fire as the infantry advanced.

The advance was made through an open field in admirable order; not a man wavered, each regiment marching in line of battle with as much precision as if on review, and the coolness and efficiency displayed by regimental commanders on the occasion renders them much credit. After engaging the enemy nearly two hours, they driven from their position, retiring through Brandon in an easterly direction, with a loss of 31 killed and wounded and 40 prisoners. My brigade immediately occupied the town.

On the morning of the 20th, the brigade was ordered to take part in destroying the railroad running east from Jackson, toward Meridian. After destroying about 2 miles of the track, including depot and a large quantity of cotton, my command was ordered by General Steele to take up line of march back to Jackson, which place we reached about 8 p. m., after a very severe and fatiguing march.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

J. L. GEDDES,

Colonel 8th Iowa Infty., Comdg. Brigade in Expedition to Brandon.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 48. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel R. Edgington, Twelfth Iowa Infantry. HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, July 27, 1863.

SIR: Report of Twelfth Iowa Infantry in campaign commencing July 4 and ending July 25, 1863:

July 4. - Marched at 4 p. m. toward Big Black River. Halted about a half mile from Messinger's.

July 6. - Marched at 4 p. m. ; crossed Big Black river at Messinger's over a bridge constructed by our troops. Halted about 4 miles east of Big Black River at 1 a. m. on 7th.

July 7. - Marched about 10 a. m. Halted at 2 p. m. on Jeff. Davis' plantation. Marched at 4 p. m., and halted at creek near Bolton Station. Bivouacked in corn-field.

July 8. - At 7 a. m. moved about a mile, and halted at 4 p. m. Marched through Bolton, taking road east of railroad for Clinton. Reached Clinton at 1 a. m. on the 9th.

July 9. - Marched at 9 a. m., passing north of Clinton. Halted about 1 p. m., and bivouacked about 4 1/2 miles from Jackson on the Clinton road.

July 10. - Moved to within 2 miles of Jackson, being stationed in reserve.

July 11. - Sent out foraging party. Had 3 teams and 9 men captured by rebel cavalry about 5 miles from camp. One man escaped; 2 of the wagons and contents were burned, 1 wagon being recaptured by our force.

July 12. - Twelfth Iowa ordered out as guard to foraging train for army corps, consisting of about 50 wagons. returned in the evening. July 13. -Moved to position in reserve.

40 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

