
July 15. - Marched at 7 p. m. to the right and front, taking the place of Osterhaus' DIVISION.

July 16. - Skirmishing in front. Regiment formed in line in intrenchments. Two companies out as skirmishers.

July 17. - This morning our skirmishers advanced into the rebel works, Jackson being evacuated. In the evening moved to new position on the left, near the deaf and dumb institute.

July 18. - Marched about 6 p. m., having orders to proceed to Brandon, MISS., on the railroad from Jackson to Meridian. Crossed Big Black River on a pontoon bridge. Halted about 1 mile east of river.

July 19. - Marched at 7 a. m., Twelfth Iowa in advance of column. Company B detailed as skirmishers. About 5 miles from Brandon cavalry fell back on skirmishers. Artillery fired couple of shell in the woods in advance, when we again moved forward to an open clearing, corn-fields on each side of the road, when, after proceeding about 800 yards, saw signs of the enemy in front. Regiment formed in line of battle on the right of the road, the Eight Iowa on the left, when the enemy commenced firing from artillery posted in and near the road, other regiments coming up as support. The Twelfth moved forward, Company I being detailed as skirmishers. Moved slowly through very difficult ground, the field being intersected by deep ditches, which were bordered by briars and bushes, and 8 or 10 feet deep. Forced to halt, as a heavy rain-storm fell, drenching the men, who stood in ranks till it subsided when we again advanced, the enemy's artillery and our own exchanging shots over us as we advanced. Coming to an open a wood where the rebel battery had been planted, and passed through the dense thicket with difficulty, going through a rebel camp which bore marks of a hasty retreat, one ambulance being left behind and some provisions in their camp.

After going through the wood about half a mile, regiment halted in the road for ten minutes, and then proceeded to Brandon, which our skirmishers(Company I) had already entered and taken possession of. Found the town deserted by the rebels, three regiments of cavalry and three guns being reported as passed through in advance of us. Bivouacked in Brandon.

July 20. - Marched, 6 p. m., and proceeded to railroad station, where we assisted in destroying 3 miles of railroad buildings, after which marched back to Jackson, arriving at camp about 9 p. m.

July 23. - Had orders to march at 3 p. m. to Vicksburg. Marched through Clinton, and halted about 2 miles beyond, about 9 a. m.

July 24. - Marched about daylight; passed south of Bolton Station, crossing the Champion's Hill battle-ground. Halted on Champion's Hill near Baker's Creek.

July 25. - Marched at 6 a. m., going north of railroad and crossing Big Black River at Messinger's Ford, reaching camp in evening between Markham's and Young's.

All of which is respectfully submitted. *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Edgington, commanding Twelfth Iowa:

JOHN D. COLE,

Acting Adjutant.

Colonel J. J. WOODS,

Commanding THIRD Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties reports 8 men captured.

---------------

