
Numbers 49. Report of Colonel Sylvester G. Hill, Thirty-FIFTH Iowa Infantry. CAMP near BEAR CREEK, MISS., July 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations and casualties of the Thirty-FIFTH Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, from July 4, 1863, in the expedition from this place to Jackson, MISS., and return:

We left camp at Young's plantation July 4, at 3 p. m., by order of General Sherman. While the regiment was resting, at 5 p. m., William B. Everett, private of Company A, was shot by the accidental discharge of a gun in the hands of one of his companions. He died at 11 p. m. of the wound. We crossed Big Black River at Messinger's Ferry, 5 p. m., July 6, with the THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Arrived near our batteries while they were engaging the enemy at Jackson, July 10, 1863. Here we were considerably exposed to the fire from the enemy's artillery, but fortunately no casualties. Sergeant [John] Philips and 9 men, under the command of Lieutenant William M. Dugan, Company K, acting assistant quartermasters, were to-day captured, and Lieutenant Dugan severely wounded by the enemy while 4 miles away from camp, foraging. The enemy also burned two of our wagons and carried of the mules.

On the 15th, we were ordered to the right, to relieve part of General Osterhaus' command.

After Jackson was evacuated near the fort on the Clinton road, and were engaging destroying the railroad in Jackson until the 20th. At 4 p. m. we started for Clinton with 545 rebel prisoners in change, which we delivered to General McArthur, in Clinton, on the 21st. Arrived in our present camp July 25, 1863.

List of casualties in the regiment:*

S. G. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-FIFTH Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant N. E. DUNCAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 50. Reports of Brigadier General William Sooy Smith, U. S. Army, commanding First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps. HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Jackson, MISS., July 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of Colonel Corse, of the Sixth Regiment Iowa Volunteers, who commanded the skirmishers of the First DIVISION in their advance upon the rebel works. near this city on the 16th instant.

The report, accompanied by a full list of the killed, wounded, and MISSING, is so complete as to leave nothing to add, except an expression of pride in the gallant officers and men of the several regiments engaged, who, with daring that could not be excelled, dashed forward under a

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 officer wounded and 10 men MISSING.

---------------

