
The next morning we were formed in line to support the right of General Burbridge. No engagement coming on, we moved in the afternoon to the position occupied on the 21st.

During the whole of this expedition, through many embarrassments, drenching rains, muddy roads, without rations, without shelter, carrying heavy loads, and several times under heavy fire from the enemy, the regiment have deported themselves to my entire satisfaction. I hope and believe that their conduct has been satisfactory to yourself and to theirs still higher in authority. I might mention worthy names, but that would be clearly wrong when all, or nearly all, have attempted to do their whole duty.

It shall be a matter of pride with us that not only were we present, bur assisted in accomplishing this expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TOURTELLOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding Regiment.

Captain L. B. MARTIN,

A. A. A. G., first Brigadier, seventh Div., SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

1Numbers 20. Report of Colonel David B. Hillis, SEVENTEENTH Iowa Infantry, SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 24, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, 27, from your headquarters, I herewith submit the following report of the part taken by Champion's Hill, MISS., on the 16th instant:

I arrived in the vicinity of the hills on which the battle was being fought about 2 p. m., and without having time to rest my men(who had that day marched 12 miles through dust and a burning sun with knapsacks on their back) was ordered forward at a double-quick. I established my line at a point midway up and on the north side of the hill, my right resting on the left of the Vicksburg road, in the rear of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois (Colonel Punam), which was severely pressed by the enemy's massed forces. In doing this my men suffered from the fire intended for the Ninety-THIRD. As soon as my line was formed, colonel Putnam moved his regiment out by the right flank, and left me fronting the enemy direct, some 40 or 50 yards only intervening. This position I held under a well-directed fire, which my gallant fellows returned with interest, for about FIFTEEN minutes, when I ordered an advance, which was executed with a heroism that I am proud of. This caused the enemy to give way, but he soon rallied, ane again gave way, and in this way I advanced, driving him slowly, inch by inch, from the ravines and ditches in which he had effected a lodgment, up one declivity and down another, and finally onto the summit of the ridge along which the road runs, and charged him down the slope on the other (south) side, retaking four pieces of artillery,[J. F.] Waddell's Alabama battery. This battery had been taken earlier in the engagement by the Eleventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers, bur this forces against it.

After his charge, I commanded a halt and rectified my line, which

