
of the Sixth Iowa, DIVISION inspector, and Lieutenants Campbell(Seventieth Ohio) and Neil(Forty-sixth Ohio), aides-de-camp, all of whom discharged their duty with great gallantry, bearing my orders through the thickest of the fire, and frequently remaining in the most dangerous and exposed positions, to report anything of note that they might be able to observe.

It is sufficient praise to the officers and men of my command to say that, when pelted with shot, shell, canister, and bullets, I have never seen either officer or man falter or quail.

Please find herewith inclosed the reports of brigade and regimental commanders, accompanied by complete lists of casualties. *

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier- General, Commanding First DIVISION.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 51. Report of Colonel John M. Loomis, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTEENTH A. C., Bivouac near Jackson, MISS., July 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from the general commanding, this brigade marched from its bivouac at Oak Ridge at 5 p. m. on the 4th instant. Crossed Bear Creek that evening, and bivouacked on its bank.

On the night of the 5th instant, the march was continued to the Big Black, to support the SECOND Brigade, detailed to force its passage in face of the enemy. The passage was defeated by too great depth of water.

On the night of the 6th and day of the 7th, we completed the crossing, and marched to Queen's Hill, bivouacking in a heavy rain-storm.

On the 8th, continued the march to Hall's plantation.

On the 9th, marched toward Jackson. At the close of the day the skirmishers of the Ninetieth Illinois Infantry drove in the enemy's skirmishers at Lee's plantation, and the brigade bivouacked in line of battle on the field.

On the 10th, moved forward to Jackson, taking part in the investment of the place, our left resting on the Canton road, north of Jackson.

The 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th instant were occupied in constructing offensive works and in "feeling the enemy. "

On the 16th, the Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry being sent to occupy the extreme right line of skirmishers, was required to seek its position under a heavy cross fire of artillery. They had also, before getting position, to sustain the fire of the advancing rebel brigade in line, who were checked and compelled to retire to their works. In this we lost a brave and good officer(Captain James A. Dugger, Company C, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry), killed by a cannon shot through the breast. we buried him with the honors of war in the cemetery at Jack-

---------------

*List of casualties embodied in revised statement, p. 544.

---------------

