
son. I do not desire to discriminate in favor of the Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry. All were equally ready for any duty, and equally brave and devoted in the discharge of all trusts. I cannot in too high terms praise the conduct of the officers and men of the brigade. With many discomforts and much fatigue to endure, short of water and food, without change of clothing for three weeks, I have not heard a word of complaint. All are cheerful, and eminently devoted in all their conduct.

I desire to recommend for promotion for constancy, devotion, fitness of conduct, cool bravery, and high capability, the following officers: Captain Elbert D. Balwin, Twelfth Indiana infantry; Captain Ruel M. Johnson, One hundredth Indiana Infantry, and Captain James P. Davis, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry.

My staff officers have been constant and attentive to their duties, and have ably assisted me. Particularly I desire to call to the attention of the general commanding Captain Ira J. Bloomfield, acting assistant adjutant-general, a brave, energetic, thoroughly competent officer, worthy of any trust. He has earned promotion by his constancy and the able assistance he has rendered me. I trust that amid the host of brave and gallant men his name and services may not me forgotten.

Sadly I have the honor to write the names of the brave who have fallen. *

I have the honor to transmit the reports of the regimental commanders of the brigade. I am proud of my command and its discipline, trusting I have discharged my duty to its officers and men at least faithfully.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MASON LOOMIS,

Colonel 26th Illinois Infty., Comdg. 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 16th Army Corps.

Captain T. J. LOUDON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 52. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert A. Gillmore, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry. CAMP BEFORE JACKSON, July 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular from headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this regiment and casualties to same since July 4, 1863:

we left our bivouac at Oak Ridge July 4, at 6 p. m. Marched to Bear Creek; night intensely dark.

July 5. - Started from bivouac about 10 p. m. Were halted about 1 mile, and lay on arms in the road.

July 6. - At 10 p. m. moved on the within about half a mile of Big Black. Sent Company K to Birdsong Ferry, to establish a crossing. They worked all night.

July 7. - Started about 5 a. m. Marched to birdsong ferry, where the regiment was engaged all day, and until about 11 p. m., in ferrying the DIVISION teams, ammunition wagons, batteries, and ambulances. Started immediately on as rear guard. Came up with brigade about 9 a. m. of the 8th. Marched again at 2 p. m., regiment being deployed as skirmishers in front of DIVISION. The last three days the regiment

---------------

*Names omitted; casualties embodied in revised statement, p. 544.

---------------

