
was constantly on most arduous duty; nevertheless seemed to sustain the march equal to any.

July 9. -Marched to within 2 miles of Jackson, and were drawn up in line of battle, and lay on our arms.

July 11. - Marched to north side of Jackson. changed our position to Asylum road, and about 1,000 yards from enemy's intrenchments. Here we lay for three days, constantly engaged in digging intrenchment and skirmishing under heavy fire from enemy's artillery and skirmishers. Water very scarce and brackish.

July 16. - Reported with regiment to Colonel Corse, of Sixth Iowa, for picket skirmishers. At 3 p. m. each company was sent away under direction of an enlisted man. Before they had their position they were attacked by a brigade of infantry, covered by heavy fire of artillery our positions ourselves, which we did, repulsing the enemy. they kept up a heavy fire upon us during the early part of the night, which slackened up about midnight, when the enemy evacuated Jackson.

Our officers and men behaved so well, could hardly make exceptions by singling out individuals to commend, unless to the memory of our brother officer, the lamented captain Dugger, who was struck down by a shell whilst striving to gain his position in the thickets of the attack.

List of casualties:*

All of which I have the honor to submit.

I have, captain, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. GILLMORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Illinois Regiment.

Captain IRA J. BLOOMFIELD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Smith's DIVISION.

Numbers 53. Report of Colonel Timothy O'Meara, Ninetieth Illinois Infantry. IN THE FIELD, near JACKSON, MISS., July 20, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions, directing me to make out an official report of the service and duty performed by my regiment during the advance of our forces on the city of Jackson and subsequently, I have the honor to state that my regiment, in compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, struck camp at Oak Ridge on the evening of the 4th of July, and marched with its brigade and DIVISION in pursuant of Johnston and his forces. Nothing of importance to my regiment took place on the march until the evening of the 9th instant, it being in advance, and within about 4 miles as skirmishers, engaged the enemy on Lee's plantation and drove them very handsomely.

From that date up to the 14th, my regiment rested day and night on the line of battle, 800 yards distant from the batteries of the enemy, and about 400 from their advance. At this I lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, embodied in revised statement, p. 544.

---------------

