
During the time that my men were exposed to the enemy's guns, and up to the evacuation of the city, they performed all duty required of them cheerfully and promptly. The firmness and determination exhibited by officers and enlisted men, under very trying circumstances, have proven them worthy of the hopes that I entertained of them, and worthy defenders of the glorious cause they are battling for.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TIM. O'MEARA,

Colonel, Comdg. Ninetieth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers.

Colonel John M. LOOMIS,

Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 54. Report of Colonel Reuben Williams, Twelfth Indiana Infantry. CAMP near JACKSON, MISS., July 19, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of an order received from you this day. I have the honor to report that my regiment left Oak Ridge on July 4, 1863, distant about 35 miles, and arrived at this place on the 10 the instant. Nothing worthy of note transpired on the route.

On the 11th 12th, we took position in front of the enemy's works, and were under fire of the enemy until the morning of the 14th.

On the 13th and 14th, my regiment was on picket on the right of our DIVISION. We had on those days 10 non-commissioned officers and soldiers wounded and 1 killed, whose names are as follows, viz:*

It is with pleasure that I have to report that both officers and soldiers of my command have during the whole time behaved themselves bravery and done their duty faithfully.

Yours, respectfully,

REUBEN WILLIAMS,

Colonel Twelfth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel John M. LOOMIS,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 55. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert Heath, One hundredth Indiana Infantry. NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., July 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the afternoon of the 4th instant, your ordered me to march in light marching order. At 5 p. M we moved. After marching about 8 miles, we bivouacked upon the banks of Bear Creek, where we remained until near 8 p. m. of the 5th instant, when we again marched about 10 miles, to point near Big Black river, where we bivouacked, expecting each moment to be called upon to force the passage across the

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

