
river, but the water being deep the passage of the river was not attempted that night. Here we remained until the evening of the 6th instant, when we crossed the river and bivouacked on the east bank. On the 7th, we marched about 8 miles, and bivouacked for the night without shelter. The rain poured in torrents the most of the night, but officers and men endured the hardships of that terrible night cheerfully and without complaint. With pain I am here called upon to communicate to you the death of Major Robert Parrett, who was killed by the falling of a tree about 9 p. m. The major was a good officer, beloved and respected by officers and men.

On the 8th and 9th, we marched toward Jackson, and bivouacked in line of battle on the 9th, 4 miles out of Jackson, when we first came upon the enemy's pickets.

On the 10th, we moved around to the left and north of Jackson, and bivouacked upon the plantation of the late Brigadier General R. Griffith. On the morning of the 11th, your ordered us to take position in front of and in musket-range of the enemy's works. about 12 o'clock the enemy commenced shelling the woods, several of which exploded over my regiment, the pieces falling around my men, fortunately doing but little damage. At 2 p. m. a shell struck the foot of Private Joseph Fardin, Company G, inflicting a painful but not dangerous wound.

At 7 o'clock in the morning of the 12th, the batteries of the First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, opened fire upon the enemy. Your brigade was in front of the batteries, and almost equi-distant from Federal and rebel batteries. Pieces of lead from our own rifled shells and solid shot from the enemy fell constantly around us. At 10 a. m. Private Charles A. Monroe, Company E, was slightly wounded upon the thigh by a shell, and Private John P. Armstrong, Company K, slightly wounded in leg by solid shot. The enemy continued to shell us constantly on the 13th. During the three days not less than FIFTY shells exploded in my camp and around my men, but, providentially, no others than the above named were injured. Solid shot would strike the ground in front of and ricochet over my men, covering them with earth. My men were calm, and eager that you should receive the order to lead them into action. I know of no instance where either an officer or man failed to be present at roll-call or failed to stand by his gun day and night. As an act of justice to my regiment, I will add that this has been the first time that it has been under fire, and to new soldiers there can be nothing more trying than to be exposed for a long time to a severe fire with no opportunity to return the fire.

Nothing further of moment occurred until the 15th, when your ordered my regiment to relieve the Ninety-NINTH Indiana, who were on picket duty. At 2. 30 p. m. Private William Every, Company D, was mortally wounded gunshot through the lungs, and died the same day at 9 p. m. He was a brave young men, a good soldier, and bade fair to be one of the regiment's brightest ornaments. While on picket the regiment was in short musket range of the rebel works. The men kept up a continual and deadly fire on the enemy, which was sharply returned by him at intervals. The men discharged their duty. As my regiment was being relieved on the morning of the 16th, Corpl. Oliver S. Davis, Company A, was wounded in the hand by gunshot, causing amputation of the right-hand forefinger.

In conclusion, allow me to add that during the entire march, through the excessive heat, and while before the enemy at Jackson, officers and men displayed coolness and courage, cheerfully bearing all hardships, and by their conduct proving their perfect discipline.

