
Mortally wounded, since died, 1; severely wounded, 2; slightly wounded, 2.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT HEATH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. One hundredth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

IRA J. BLOOMFIELD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 56. Report of Colonel Stephen G. Hicks, Fortieth Illinois Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTEENTH A. C., Near Jackson, MISS., July 21, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from DIVISION headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the doing of my brigade from the 4th of July to the 17th of July, 1863:

Brigade marched from Oak Ridge the evening of the 4th. Marched 8 miles, and camped for the night on the Hill's plantation, 2 miles WEST of the Big Black.

On the morning of the 5th, by order of General Smith, moved two regiments to the Big Black, where we found the enemy to dispute our crossing. Skirmishing during the entire day, resulting in the killing of 1 man and wounding 10. At 8 p. m., by order of General Smith, my brigade moved forward for the purpose of crossing the river at Jones' Ferry. At 9 moved forward, One hundred and THIRD Illinois in front. Finding the water too deep, we had to had to fall back under cover of the timber. Felled timber to make a crossing. Failed in that, and rested until morning.

On the morning of the 6th, constructed a floating bridge, which we completed at 2 p. m. at 7 o'clock the Fifteenth Michigan, Fortieth Illinois, and Forty-sixth Ohio were crossed, and moved out to Birdsong plantation, and camped for the night.

On the evening of the 7th, marched in direction of Jackson. Arrived near Jackson the evening of the 9th, and drove in the enemy's pickets.

On the evening of the 11th, took my position as a reserve in rear of the First and THIRD Brigades, each day sending one regiment to the front as skirmishers until the morning of the 16th, when General Smith ordered our lines advanced, the Ninety-seventh Indiana of Cockrill's brigade, and Sixth Iowa, of Sanford's, as skirmishers, with the Fortieth Illinois and Forty-sixth Ohio, of my brigade, as support. The Fortieth Illinois was pushed forward in the advance, an approached within 400 yards of the enemy's fortifications under a most galling fire. The utmost enthusiasm and gallantry was exhibited by all the officers and men in my brigade that were under the fire, and I here take occasion to congratulate both officers during the struggle, from the time we approached the enemy'; s works until the day we drove them from their stronghold and forced them to retire, routed and demoralized.

I am, your most obedient servant,

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding SECOND Brigade.

Captain T. J. LOUDON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

