
had been somewhat deranged. All being quiet at this moment on my front, I ran back a short distance to get a horse (mine having been shot early in the engagement), but, being overcome by excessive labor and heat, I fell by the way, and by the time I returned to my regiment, which was in a few minutes, it had made another gallant charge, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wever, routing the Thirty-first Alabama Regiment.

In this charge a great many prisoners were taken, including the colors, color-bearer, and guard of that regiment, which colors are now in my possession. The enemy again rallied, but by this time the gallant Tenth Missouri was in position on my right, and we gave him two more charges, which put him in perfect rout. This then ended the fight, so far as we were concerned, and I think, entirely. My regiment then, wearied and worn, with thinned hands, rested on their arms until ordered into camp. It is worthy of note that in this engagement the regiment charged the enemy successfully five times, under the most galling fire from musketry and shell, and that over ravines and ditches that are very difficult of passage, and which afforded him excellent protection.

In conclusion, I feel that my command did their whole duty, and are worthy of all commendation. To my lieutenant-colonel(Wever) and adjutant (Woolsey) I am greatly indebted for their daring and assistance during the engagement. Both of these officers had their horses shot under them early in the fight.

I cannot forbear mentioning in this connection, specially for great bravery, first Lieutenant C. W. Woodrow, company K ; SECOND Lieutenant George W. Deal, company G; SECOND Lieutenant Tower, company B(whose gallantry resulted in the loss of his leg); First Sergeant [Evan E.] Swearngin, company F, and Private [Albert G.] Trussel, company G, who captured the colors and color-bearer of the Thirty-first Alabama. In the engagement I had but nine companies, one company(E) having been left back at Jackson on duty.

My loss in killed, wounded &amp;c.,57 (25 per cent. Of the number engaged), as per list of casualties, which I send this report. *We captured 175 prisoners mostly Alabama and Missouri troops.

D. B. HILLIS,

Colonel, commanding SEVENTEENTH Iowa Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM W. McCAMMON,

A. A. A. G.,2nd Brigadier,7th Div.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel Holden Putnam, ninety-THIRD Illinois Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade, including operation May 9-22. HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SEVENTH DIVISION, In the Field, near Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to Special Orders, 85, headquarters Seventh DIVISION, dated May 24, 1863, please find inclosed copy of report of Colonel Boomer,+ forwarded at Hankinson's Ferry, on the Big Black, may 4.

May 9, this brigade was ordered to march, and moved on with the DIVISION through Rocky Spring; also, on the 10th, through Utica, and on the 11th moved but 2 miles on the road toward Raymond.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 10.

+Not found.

---------------

