
enemy's front and moved forward in line style across an open field, nearly to the works of the enemy, under a most terrible fire from at least three of their batteries. This line of skirmishers in some place held their new ground, and in others was compelled to fall back to the original position. The casualties of the Ninety-seventh Indiana in this advance were about 30 in killed and wounded.

On the morning of the 17th, Colonel Catterson went forward to the enemy's works and planted his colors on the redoubt, the enemy having evacuated the place during the night. I believe the Ninety-d

seventh Indiana was the first regiment in Jackson. in all the trying circumstances under which this brigade was placed, for six days exposed, day and night, to cannonade and musketry, I am proud to record the gallant conduct of my officers and men. Every officer and, I believe, every soldier stood to his place with the most heroic courage, and never quailed before any fire of the enemy.

I cannot too highly commend the conduct of the gallant colonel of the Ninety-seventh Indiana and his brave regiment, who were placed on the 16th in the advance, as already stated. They deserve the commendation of the country. I desire also to call attention to Colonel Jones, Lieutenant-Colonel Fulton, and Major Dawes, FIFTY-THIRD Ohio Volunteers; Major Brown and Captain Summers, acting field officers, Seventieth Ohio Volunteers; Colonel Alexander Fowler, Lieutenant-colonel De Hart, and Major Berkey, Ninety-NINTH Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Cavins, and Captain Dean, acting field officer Ninety-seventh Indiana Volunteers, as officers who have distinguished themselves for courage, perseverance, and skill are competent to every task imposed upon them. To the line officers of the brigade and the gallant soldiers of each and every regiment I cheerfully testify that all performed their duty to my entire satisfaction, and seemed to vie with each other as to who the bravest and best soldier. My staff officers, Captain H. L. Phillips, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants [Eustace H. Ball and [John C.] Nelson, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant [Charles K.] Crumit, brigade inspector, displayed the most gallant conduct and discharged their several duties in the most satisfactory manner. My thanks are due to the medical department for their care and attention to the wounded and sick of this brigade.

I trust the conduct of my officers and men will meet with your approbation.

The casualties of the brigade are as follows: seven enlisted men killed (one by accident), 2 commissioned officers and 35 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man taken prisoner; aggregate, 45. Respectfully submitted.

J. R. COCKRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General W. S. SMITH, Commanding DIVISION.

Numbers 61. Report of Colonel Robert F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana Infantry. NEAR JACKSON, MISS., July 20, 1863.

COLONEL: As to the part taken by the Ninety-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the advance upon Jackson, MISS., I have the honor to submit the following report:

Up to the morning of July 16, the Ninety-seventh Regiment had borne

