
an unimportant part, with the exception of the light skirmishing on the picket line, which resulted in the killing of 1 man and wounding of 1 officer and 5 men, all of which came under your immediate notice, and of which it is unnecessary to say more at present.

On the morning of the 16th, pursuant to an order from you, I proceed with my regiment to relieve the One hundredth Indiana Regiment, then on picket duty on your front, and posted my men immediately, my right occupying a small grove near the railroad, extending my line as far east as the Canton dirt road, thus covering a scope of country nearly three-quarters of a mile in extent. At 10. 30 o'clock, I was notified by Colonel Corse, of the Sixth Iowa Regiment, then in command of all pickets on our DIVISION front, that at 11 o'clock there would be an advance of our entire line in order, if possible whether the enemy still held their works in force, at the same time notifying me that the Fortieth Illinois regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, of the Forty-sixth Ohio regiment, would support me. As I had but half an hour to prepare for the advance, I proceeded at once to instruct my officers in the signal for our advance, which was accomplished just as the signal was given. I looked around me for my support, but, owing to the brief notice Colonel smith had received, it was not there. But, as I said, the signal had already been given, and all that remained for me to the was to obey my orders to ascertain if the enemy still occupied their works in force. How well that was done let the sequel show.

My line of skirmishers, as now posted, were about 700 yards from the rebel fortifications, with a broad open field in front of my right, thus exposing it to the enemy's fire at the first step forward. In front of my left was a thick wood, in which was posted the Twentieth Mississippi Regiment as sharpshooters, thus not only exposing my entire line to a murderous fire from the enemy's artillery, but to the continued fire of two regiments of infantry, posted as skirmishers; but notwithstanding all the disadvantages we labored under, not an officer or man wavered, but moved forward under the galling fire of six batteries, showering upon us a perfect storm of grape and canister, solid shot, and shell, till within from 2090 to 300 yards of the enemy's works, while my extreme left was within less than 100 feet of their battery on the left, from which point they were able to completely silence two of their guns. Having proceeded thus far, and being well satisfied that the object of my advance had been accomplished, and that to proceed farther would be death to every man, as a continual blaze of fire was streaming from the enemy's works all long their line, and having no support thus far, I felt that I could do nothing more than half, and, if possible, hold my present position. at this time I saw, for the first time, my support coming in on my extreme right, moving forward under a most terrible fire, and occupying a ravine near the railroad. at 3 p. m. athe enemy met drove back the force on the WEST of the railroad, thus leaving my right entirely exposed and outflanked by nearly 200 yards. My support had also fallen back to the dirt road running parallel to my line, and as my ammunition had all been exhausted, the right wing was ordered to fall back to the road, which was done and held permanently. In the mean time the left wing had been supplied with ammunition, and advanced still nearer the enemy's works, which position they left only to occupy the enemy's work, which was done at daylight on the morning of the 17th.

During the entire engagement both officers and men behaved with the most daring gallantry, and to enumerate the conduct of those who

41 R R-VOL XXIV, PT II

