
distinguished themselves on this occasion would be to name in detail every officer and man in my command. I must say, however, that I cannot find words to express my admiration of the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel A. G. Cavins, in command of the right wing, and Captain(Acting Major) Dean, who was wounded while so gloriously leading the left forward through a perfect storm of iron hail. Casualties on the 16th:*

Killed and wounded previous to the 16th:+

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. CATTERSON,

Colonel Commanding Regiment.

Colonel J. R. COCKRILL,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 62. Report of Colonel Alexander Fowler, Ninety-NINTH Indiana Infantry. HEADQUARTERS NINETY-NINTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, July 18, 1863.

SIR: My regiment marched from Oak Ridge, MISS., July 4, 1863, at 4 p. m., and marched until 10 p. m. of the same day, when we camped on the east side of Bear Creek, 2 miles from Big Black River; we lay there until dark, when, with one company deployed as skirmishers, under command of Major J. M. Berkey, I advanced my regiment in line until the skirmishers rested on the bank of the river, the regiment resting 100 yards to the rear. We lay on our arms during the night and the next day until 12 m., during which time the skirmishers kept a continual firing, when I marched down to the river and ferried across, following the FIFTY-THIRD Ohio Volunteer Infantry. we lay on our arms in line during the night, and the next day(July 7), after drawing tree day's rations, marched some 6 miles, where we went into camp during the night.

July 8, we started in the afternoon and marched until 8 p. m., when we camped for the night.

On the 9th, we marched early in the morning, resting in the middle of the day. In the afternoon, when we came in hearing of the enemy's guns, we formed in line on the left of the FIFTY-THIRD Ohio Volunteer Infantry, when we were moved forward and formed in the same order, in an open field, and, throwing a company of skirmishers out to cover our front, we lay on our arms during the night.

July 10, marched some 2 or 3 miles, when we marched in line, my regiment being in reserve most of the time. Toward evening I formed on the left of the Ninety-seventh Indiana, and in line, resting with my left wing on the east side of the railway; lay on our arms during the night.

On the morning of the 11th, at daylight, my left being very much exposed, the enemy opened on it, and I deemed it advisable to move them to the rear of the right wing, under cover of the timber. In doing

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 4 killed and 23 wounded.

+Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 killed and 5 wounded.

---------------

