
so, Private F. M. McGraw, of Company I, was killed. Afterward I moved my regiment to the left, across the railroad, and my took my position in the new line, having thrown one company thrown one company out as skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. P. De IIart, who had command of the skirmishers of the brigade. We moved to the front, and formed a line on the left of the Ninety-seventh Indiana, being now on the left of the brigade.

During the next day(July 12) we lay in line all day, and, on the 13th, we moved to the right and rear, and during that night and the next morning we threw up earthworks to protect the men.

July 14, my regiment was ordered to relieve the Fortieth Illinois on the skirmish line, where we skirmished until 10 a. m. of the 15th, when we were relieved by the One hundredth Indiana. as soon as we were relieved, we marched back and took our place in the brigade, which had moved still farther to the rear, where we lay until the 17th, the day of the evacuation.

Between the 12th and 15th my regiment was continually under fire of the enemy's shell and grape. both the men and officers behaved well, with the exception of 2, whom I will bring to your notice in another report.

List of casualties: Killed, 1; severely wounded, 1, slightly wounded, 5.

ALEXANDER FOWLER,

Colonel Ninety-NINTH Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain H. L. PHILLIPS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Wells S. Jones, FIFTY-THIRD Ohio Infantry. NEAR JACKSON, MISS., July 21, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the advance on Jackson:

We marched from Oak Ridge on the afternoon of the 4th of July, arriving at Big Black River on the evening of the following day, where tree companies of my regiment engaged in skirmishing with the enemy that night and the following day in the afternoon, when we crossed the river. Of my operations from that time until we arrived immediately in front of the enemy's works at Jackson, on the evening of the 10th, you are already advised, as we were all the time under your observation.

From the evening of July 10 until about noon on the 16th, my regiment remained all the time within range of the enemy's guns. During that time all of the companies were thrown forward into the front line of skirmishers, where we had 9 men wounded. about noon on the 16th, in obedience to your order, I rejoined the brigade, which had two days previously retired 1,000 paces to the rear.

With feelings of great pleasure, I announce the fact that every officer and soldier in my command have performed their arduous duties cheerfully. Their patience and courage well deserve the admiration of their commanding officers and the gratitude of their country.

Very respectfully,

W. S. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel J. R. COCKRILL, Commanding Brigade.

