
Numbers 65. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Lucien Greathouse, Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry. JACKSON, MISS., July 17, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with orders from Colonel W. W. Sanford, commanding Fourth Brigade, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the march of the Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry from Oak Ridge to Jackson, MISS.:

Regiment left Oak Ridge, MISS., July 4, p. m. ; arrived at 8 p. m. near Big Black River, and bivouacked; 7 p. m., July 5, marched to join the Sixth Iowa Infantry, to effect a crossing of Big Black River. The enemy occupied the opposite bank in some force, and the current being too strong and deep for this, we bivouacked upon the bank, and relieved the Sixth Iowa on skirmish duty at 8 a. m., July 6; 3 p. m., same day, the regiment crossed Big Black River and bivouacked on opposite side, upon the bluff.

July 7, moved in advance. being joined by the column, in the afternoon we moved forward and encamped on Queen's Hill.

July 8, p. m., regiment moved from Queens's Hill, and arrived and bivouacked at a point 9 miles from Jackson, MISS., whence we moved upon the right of the road and occupied the Griffith premises, July 9, p. m.

July 10, moved by left flank in the vicinity of Potter's house, where, and at other points, the regiment remained skirmishing with the enemy's pickets, and living on very moderate quantities of hard tack, until the a. m. of July 16, when this regiment moved with others of the First DIVISION and advanced toward the enemy's works, a report of which is herewith transmitted.

Very respectfully,

LUCIEN GREATHOUSE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, Comdg. Regiment

Lieutenant E. B. HARLAN, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Jackson, MISS., July 17, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with the order of Colonel W. W. Sanford, commanding Fourth Brigade, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the following report of the part taken by the Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry in the skirmishing affair of the 16th instant:

At 10. 45 a. m. I was ordered to move my command, to be in readiness at 11 a. m. to support the right of the line of skirmishers of the Sixth Iowa infantry. I formed the regiment, and moved by the right flank in columns of wings, and arrived at 11 o'clock at a point in rear of the SECOND company from the right of the line of skirmishers referred to. immediately upon my arrival, the "advance" was sounded on the left of the skirmish line, where I imagined Colonel Corse, Sixth Iowa, to have been. I formed a line of battle immediately, parallel to the skirmish line, under an infantry fire of the enemy, and moved to the front to support the skirmishers, who had advanced over the rifle-pits occupied by our picket line, and forward through the space formerly inter-

