
nois Infantry reported to relieve the Forty-eighth Regiment. I assisted Captain Dugger to put his men along the front, to relieve the advance skirmishers, and retired my men to the column. Having posted his men, I was moving with Captain Dugger to the right of the column when he was struck dead by a shell exploded over us. I mention this fact to clear any doubt that may have existed regarding the proper deportment of this officer, and to intimate that the inability of his men to hold the ground(for I learn that it was reclaimed by the enemy during the afternoon) was probably due to the death of Captain Dugger, whom they through their proper commanding officer.

Being properly relieved, I retired to my old camp, in accordance with orders given me. All the officers and men under my command conducted themselves bravely and becomingly, and all are certainly deserving commendation. I have particularly to return thanks to Lieutenant Keneipp, in charge of skirmishers, and Captain Galbraith and Lieutenant Walker, Mercer, and Hemler for their gallantry, coolness, and excellent management of their commands a scathing fire of shot and shell from the enfilading batteries upon the front and right.

Hoping that this may prove satisfactory, I have the honor to be, lieutenant, most respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

LUCIEN GREATHOUSE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-eighth Illinois, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. B. HARLAN, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 66. Reports of Colonel John M. Corse, Sixth Iowa Infantry. HDQRS. SKIRMISHERS, FIRST DIV., SIXTEENTH A. C., Jackson, MISS., July 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the 16th instant, being command of the skirmishers of the First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, I was ordered by Major-General Parke, commanding NINTH Army Corps, to which this DIVISION is attached, to move on the enemy's works along our entire front, for the purpose of ascertaining their strength, position, and localities of their batteries.

The following disposition was made of the troops under my command: The Sixth Iowa Cavalry, on the right, deployed as skirmishers parallel to Jackson and Canton Railroad, about the length of four companies from the junction of the Livingston road and the Jackson and Canton Railroad, then making an acute angle with the Jackson and Canton Railroad, running southwesterly, the right resting on the Jackson and Vicksburg Railroad. The Ninety-seventh Indiana, on the left, deployed at skirmishers along the Livingston road, forming a right angle with the line on the Jackson and Canton Railroad, reaching to the Canton road. The entire line was supported on the right by the Forty-eight, Illinois Infantry, on the left by the Fortieth Illinois Infantry, and in the center by the Forty-sixth Ohio Infantry. At the signal designated at 11 a. m. by the general commanding, Colonel Catterson, of the Ninety-seventh Indiana, whom I placed in command of the line left on the Jackson and Canton Railroad, moved for-

