
On the 12th, hearing firing in front, we pushed forward rapidly, and upon coming to the ground was ordered to remain reserve, and deployed into line at 5 p. m. on the WEST side of the road, in good position, supporting two to Raymond, and went into position to the southwest side of the town.

At 11 a. m. On the 13th, was ordered forward in advance in the road to Jackson, 1 mile north of Raymond; reached the forks of the road; hearing firing on the road turning eastward, reported to the DIVISION commander, who ordered this brigade forward to clear the road. Moved up briskly, deploying two companies of the Tenth Regiment Iowa Infantry as skirmishers, under command of Major McCalla, who pushed them on by our cavalry pickets and opened fire on the enemy, concealed in the timber, crossing the road 200 yards beyond our line; at the same time deployed into line of battle two regiments, the FIFTH Iowa on the left of the road and the balance of the Tenth Iowa on the right, the Ninety-THIRD Illinois and Twenty -sixth Missouri being in reserve. Found nothing bur a line of the enemy's skirmishers, who fired after delivering their fire. At this moment received orders from DIVISION commander, recalling skirmishers and ordering this brigade to take the ocher road bearing more northward, which was done immediately, and two companies of the FIFTH Iowa Infantry deployed on the front and flanks. We pushed forward rapidly, passing through Clinton at 3 p. m., capturing several prisoners, telegraphic dispatches, rebel mail,&amp;c. Halted about 1 mile northeast of town, on the Jackson road.

On the 14th, was again ordered to move, and at 11 a. m. Was ordered into position on the left of the line of this DIVISION, formed in two lines, the FIFTH Iowa on the right in the first line, and the Ninety-THIRD Illinois on the left, supported by the Tenth Iowa, and the Twenty-sixth Missouri supporting the FIFTH Iowa. The aggregate effective force of the brigade was then 1,700 men, in round numbers. Deployed one company of the Ninety -THIRD Illinois Infantry on the left and front as skirmishers, and moved forward as ordered, receiving a scattering volley form the enemy, who were immediately routed by our skirmishers and fled in confusion. Having advanced about one-half a mile, we were ordered to halt. Our skirmishers here brought in a few prisoners and passed them to the rear. Resting about FIFTEEN minutes, we were again ordered forward, and pushed on steadily into the city by 3 p. m., without delivering our fire, the line being gradually wheeled to the right as we moved, crossing the railroad track, and the entire brigade line, flanking the enemy's earthworks, was halted, with the right resting upon the railroad depot. Was ordered to bivouac on the north side of the railroad.

The loss in this engagement was 3 killed and 4 wounded in the Ninety-THIRD Illinois, and 4 wounded in the FIFTH Iowa.

The command, being entirely out of provisions, was ordered to forage in the town, and procure three days' subsistence that night.

On the 15th, was again ordered to march. Turning backward, the brigade was marched 4 miles WEST of Clinton, on the Vicksburg road. Thence, on the 16th, we pushed steadily onward until 12 m. Was ordered into position by the DIVISION commander on the south side of the road at Champion's Hill and in the rear of General Hovey's DIVISION, then fiercely engaged with the enemy. We moved steadily forward in two lines about 700 yards, when orders were received to halt, and move by the right flank across the main road to the balance of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, which was being done when the orders

5 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. II

