
they were swept down the stream, and immediately a fire opened upon us from the opposite shore. The command fell back from the exposed position, and two companies thrown along the shore soon silenced the firing.

Colonel Sanford deeming the thing impracticable without boats or pontoons, withdrew part of command, sent word back to the general commanding to that effect, and ordered me to picket the river for 2 miles up and down the stream. I had the boat brought up, and Private [William] Miller, Company H, volunteered to take some men across, and had made successfully three trips, concealing the men a short distance below our position under the opposite bank. The squad on the WEST bank, waiting to get into the road, to cross, were discovered by the enemy about daylight, and a fire along the entire opened. I withdrew everything from that point, pushed three companies above, and attacked them so as to cover f my men on the other side. The ruse succeeded. Not knowing of their whereabouts, the enemy, seeing us fall back, and hearing the fire above, followed and kept up an incessant musketry. While this was continuing, Private Miller, Company H, went back and forth and reconveyed the men he had crossed, with a very slight loss. I withdrew everything but a line of skirmishers, which replied so well to the firing of the enemy as to induce them to believe we would endeavor to force that point, and caused them to withdraw from above, and permitted our forces to effect a crossing. The Forty-eighth Illinois relieved us, continued to attack the attention of the enemy, and in the afternoon Colonel Sanford quietly withdrew the regiment, and the brigade went above and crossed on a flat. The next morning the Fourth Brigade was ordered to the front, and this regiment supported the Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry in driving the rebels from their camp, near Queen's Hill, from which they fled so precipitately as to leave nearly all their camp and garrison equipage, a large number of small-arms, commissary stores, and their sick. A few prisoners were captured, belonging, respectively, to the Sixth Texas Cavalry, Walker's[?] cavalry, and Jackson's cavalry. The night of the 7th we camped between Queen's Hill and Clinton. The 8th and 9th instant we marched with the DIVISION to within 4 miles of Jackson and bivouacked. Friday, July 10, Sanford's brigade took the advance, and this regiment furnished the skirmishers covering the right of the DIVISION. On passing around to the north of Jackson, the brigade was ordered back, the skirmishers withdraw, and another thrown to the front, and again, when 3 miles of Jackson, the brigade was ordered to the rear as a reserve, and about 4 p. m. the brigade was moved to the front again. Two companies of the Sixth were ordered by Colonel Sanford to deploy as skirmishers, and I took charge of them. I pushed them across the Jackson and Canton Railroad, by direction of Colonel Sanford, so that our left just touched the lunatic asylum, and then I charged direction, and moved up beyond the line of the NINTH Army Corps, about a half mile toward Jackson, on the Canton road.

The enemy lay in ambush north of the Petrie house, but were driven out by the skirmishers, and never stopped till they got inside their works, which were visible from the Petrie house. Here I received word that a line which protected our right flank, under Major Giesy, had been ordered back by General Smith, and I halted the men, and directed Adjutant Ennis to take command and that line until I could se Major Giesy. He declined remaining, as him orders were peremptory, and I sent an orderly to Adjutant Ennis to fall back slowly, and I rode back at full speed to get permission from the general to remain where

