
eral Breckinridge's DIVISION. Advancing under cover of the woods, they suddenly appeared marching by the right flank across the railroad at a distance of 1,000 yards and thus proceeded until the left of their line rested on the right resting on a skirt of timber. On reaching this position they advancing this position they advanced steadily toward our works.

Meantime our artillery, consisting [Robert] Cobb's battery and my battery(FIFTH Company, Washington Artillery), under the direction of Major [Rice E.] Graves, opened fire upon them, The enemy continued to advance steadily until within 200 yards, when, no longer able to endure the withering fire, principally from the artillery, they drove and retreated in disorder. In this affair my company as usual, performed its duty. I have 1 man slightly wounded, 2 horses and 1 mule killed.

Respectfully submitted.

C. H. SLOCOMB,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS.

P. S. - I have just picked up a sergeant's diary belonging to the FIFTH Ohio Battery, a section of which took position on the railroad about 800 yards from my left piece. This section had 1 man and 1 horse killed in the engagement, when they limbered to the rear, leaving their implements, trail, hand-spike, and four rounds of ammunition, which are now in my possession.

Numbers 71. Report of Brigadier General Daniel W. Adams, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, Breckinridge's DIVISION. HDQRS. D. W. ADAMS' Brigadier, BRECKINRIDGE'S DIV., Trenches, Jackson, MISS., July 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, on the occasion of the engagement of Sunday last, the 12th instant, I was on the left of my line, and hand my attention called to an advance of the enemy's skirmishers about 10 a. m. They advanced rapidly, and, when within 800 yards, were fired upon by our sharpshooters and driven in. In a few moments they appeared in line of battle, advancing on the road leading to Jackson on my front from Bailey's Hill, covering with their left the left of the Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment, the ground occupied by the FIFTH Company of Washington artillery, Captain C. H. Slocomb, attached to my command, and also that occupied by the Thirty-SECOND Alabama Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel Henry Maury commanding. Fire was immediately opened by the left of the Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment, the Washington Artillery, and the Thirty-SECOND Alabama Regiment. In a few of General Stovall's brigade. After a sharp and spirited combat of thirty or forty minutes, in which they boldly and deliberately advanced within 80 yards of our line, they were driven back in great confusion and with handkerchiefs waving, indicating a surrender, I ordered the artillery and infantry of my command to cease firing. Soon after, Major [Rice E.] Graves, General Breckinridge; s chief of artillery, advanced with a part of Brigadier-General Stovall; s command, and brought in the prisoners, and also three or four stand of colors found on the field or in the hands of some of the men who had crouched

