
under the declivity of the hill to avoid the heavy fire. I cannot estimate their force, but would not suppose there; were more than three or four regiments in front, and am informed they composed part of a brigade under command if Colonel [Isaac C.] Pugh.

About 40 prisoners were brought through any command, a number of others through General Stovall's, amounting in all to some 150, and about 250 killed and wounded that were left upon the field. The loss in my command was only 1 slightly wounded in Washington Artillery.

This company, and the two pieces of Captain [Robert] Cobb's battery, did most excellent and efficient service. The three left companies of the Nineteenth Louisiana and Thirty-SECOND Alabama- the infantry force of my command engaged in this affair- fought most gallantly, and deserve great praise for their bravery. Lieutenant-Colonel Maury, of the thirty- SECOND Alabama, was subsequently wounded.

This was quite a spirited engagement, evincing a courage and determination on the part of the enemy worthy of a better cause, but which met with a severe repulse.

Inclosed I send detailed reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

Colonel J. A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Breckinridge's DIVISION.

Numbers 72. Report of Captain John C. Kimbell, Thirty-SECOND Alabama Infantry. JULY 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel [Henry] Maury, was actively engaged in the flight on Sunday last, beginning at about 9 o'clock. The enemy, after driving in our skirmishers, advanced to charge our batteries. When they had approached to within 200 yards of the intrenchments, our fire began upon them and continued but a short time, when the enemy retreated. This regiment was supporting the Washington Artillery, and officers and men behaved admirably, sustaining no loss at all, either in killed or wounded.

I regret to have to report that, after going through the engagement with his accustomed gallantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Maury was seriously wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. C. KIMBELL,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier-General [D. W.] ADAMS.

Numbers 73. Report of Colonel W. P. Winans, Nineteenth Louisiana Infantry. IN THE TRENCHES, July 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance with orders just received, I have the honor to report that just before 9 o'clock on Sunday morning, the 12th, the

