
enemy, from batteries planted in our front and upon our right flank, subjected the Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment to a cross-fire of shell and shot for over half an hour. During this bombardment 1 man in Company E(Captain [James B.]Landers was severely wounded by a fragment of shell, cutting a considerable gash and fracturing the shoulder blade. Son after a cessation of the shelling the enemy in large force made an assault upon Slocomb's battery, upon my left, which was splendidly repulsed. Only the three left companies of my right were permitted to take part in this fight, owing to the topography of our trenches.

Your obedient servant,

W. P. WINANS,.

Colonel.

Captain E. P. GUILLET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 74. Report of Lieutenant Charles D. Myers, Assistant Adjutant-General, French's DIVISION. [JULY -, 1863.]

On the retreat of Johnston's army from the Big Black River, our DIVISION fell back, and reached Jackson in advance on Tuesday, July 7, about 1 p. m.

On the evening of the 8th, the enemy's artillery was heard, forcing in our cavalry.

At daylight on the morning of the 9th, the troops were ordered in position at the trenches. Our right extended to and included the bastion battery, covering the Clinton road, our left resting on Breckinridge's right. Captain [Charles D.] Myers, assistant adjutant-general Adams' brigade, of Breckinridge's DIVISION, occupying the extreme right of our position. This causes delay, it being nearly 10 o'clock before our line was formed, our right(Evan's brigade) resting on the Clinton road, and our left(McNair's brigade) touching Breckinridge's right; [J. F.] Culpeper's and [B. A.] Jeter's batteries, of four guns each, occupying Evan's front, and [C. E.] Fenner's battery, of six guns, that of McNair. Maxey's brigade was placed under cover some 500 yards in rear of the works, and held as a reserve. Our headquarters were then established immediately in rear of, and about 50 yards from, the center of our lines. Skirmishers were thrown forward to await the enemy's approach.

About 12 m. on Friday, the 10th, guns were in position, the fire from which reached our lines. Our skirmishers were then strengthened.

On the Saturday, the 11th, an effort made to force in Evan's skirmishers was handsomely repulsed by the Holcombe Legion. Batteries having been placed in position along our front, there was some artillery firing on both sides.

On Sunday, the 12th, an attack was made on Breckinridge's position, but all remained quiet along our lines.

Ten o'clock on the morning of the 13th(Monday) witnessed a heavy cannonade on the both sides. About 12 m. heavy firing along McNair's front, our skirmishers advancing. About 2 p. m. [James] Burnet's battalion of Texas sharpshooters was thrown out to strengthen the line. Adjutant [R. S.]Dulin, of this battalion, a most gallant and efficient

42 R R-VOL XXIV, PT II

