
officer, was killed about 4 o'clock in the evening. Just before dark, Major [Rice E.] Graves, Breckinridge's chief of artillery, came up and reported appearances of an attack on our and Breckinridge's front. [John] Waties' battery of 20-pounders was placed in position on McNair's extreme left.

Heavy firing nearly all the morning on Tuesday, 14th instant, with brisk skirmishing. Evans' line advanced, drove back the enemy, burned several small houses which afforded position and protection to their sharpshooters, and then fell back, contrary to orders, to their original position. In the afternoon a flag of truce, asking suspension of hostilities for burial of enemy's dead. Yankees crowding up to our lines were ordered off; not moving, a few shots were fired, which produced the desired effect. After dark the enemy threw several shots into Jackson.

Wednesday, the 15th instant passed without the occurrence of anything of special interest. Some artillery firing on our front in the morning, and in the evening McNair's line of skirmishers were sharply engaged, but lost no ground.

Artillery opened on our lines about 9 a. m. on Thursday, the 16th. All quiet in the evening, except the occasional firing of sharpshooters. At 5 p. m. orders were received and issued to the command to retire from their position, the movement to commence immediately after nightfall. This was carried into effect, and by 1 o'clock on the morning of the 17th the rear of our column had crossed Pearl River in safety.

[CHAS. D.] MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 16, 1863.

This report was made by Lieutenant Myers at my request, and a copy furnished to headquarters.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 75. Report of Colonel H. G. Bunn, Fourth Arkansas Infantry, McNair's Brigade. CAMP FOURTH Arkansas REGIMENT, Near Morton, MISS., July 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the Fourth Arkansas Regiment in the recent operation of the army in front of the city of Jackson:

With the First and SECOND Arkansas [Mounted Rifles] Regiments [dismounted], the Fourth Arkansas acted as a reseerve for the brigade. These regiments were habitually on skirmish and picket duty.

On the 11th of July, at 10 a/m/. I was ordered to the front of the intrenchments on the Raymond road, to support Lieutenant Colonel D. H. Reynolds, commanding the First Arkansas Regiment, having been speciallt charged with the duty of determining the position and strength of the enemy in that direction. Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds engaged the enemy, skirmished in the evening about half a mile in front of the intrenchments, and, after a spirited charge, drove them from the ground

