
and gained some 300 yards. Occasional skirmishing was kept up during the day. Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds retired to a position, extending his line directly in front of the Lynch gouse, and about 100 yards distant.

At twilight I deployed my regiment and relieved Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, and remailned during the night in the same position that he had occupied. I was ordered to take charge of the three regiments then thrown out s skirmishers, namely, the Fourth Arkansas in the center, and the SECOND Arkansas on the left, with orders to hold the ground as long as possible.

On the 12th of July, heavy skirmishing was kept up during the day. the enemy hacing the advantage of ground in many respects, continued to annoy the right and left center of the fourth Arkansas Regiment, as well as those portions of the Fourth Louisiana which were most exposed. The SECOND Arkansas was not rngaged during the day, no enemy appearing in its front.

I found it would be impossible to hold my position in front of the Lynch house unless I could drive them from the wood in front of the Fourth Arkansas Regiment . I accordingly ordered that regiment to charge the enemy's skirmishers, which rifle range of the enemy's artillery, I retired to my original position, having lost 1 officer and several men killed and wounded. I could not ascertain the loss of the enemy. I took 1 prisoner, whom I sent to you immediately.

Late in the evening the line of skirmishers on my extreme right, from some cause, retired some distance, and compelled me to retire my line 200 yards. Failing to ascertain the cause of the original position, not however, without a sharp engagement in front of the left of the Fourth Louisiana and the right of the Fourth Arkansas.

At twilight I was relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, and afterward retired within the intrenchments. After this time companies were detailed as skirmishers, and the regiment, as a body, was not on active duty. Concerning the action of the detached companies, being more immediately under your supervision, I deem it unnecessary to make any report.

The following is a list of casualties during the operations in front of Jackson:*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. BUNN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Arkansas Regiment.

Captain R. E. FOOTE.

Assistant Adjutant-General, McNair's Brigade.

Numbers 76. Report of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry DIVISION. FOUR MILES EAST OF BRANDON, HOMEWOOD ROAD, July 20, [1863]-10 a. m.

COLONEL; [Fred.] Steele's DIVISION of infantry and one regiment of cavalry entered Brandon about dark yesterday. Scouts report no other

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 4 killed and 10 wounded.

---------------

