
were again countermanded, and Colonel Lagow, of Major-General Grant's staff, brought orders from General Grant for us to move instantly to the support of General Hovey's DIVISION, then being forced back by a superior force of the enemy. This brigade was instantly faced about, and moved by the left flank, double-quick, up the hill, through a scorching fire, the Ninety-THIRD Illinois being in advance, followed by the Tenth Iowa, twenty-sixth Missouri, and FIFTH Iowa. Pushing forward until the whole line was on the summit of the ridge, the brigade was ordered to move by the right flank and commence firing, which was done steadily, the Ninety-THIRD Illinois and Tenth Iowa moving down into the hollow, and, having the men of General Hovey's DIVISION constantly passing through their ranks, became exposed to the murderous fire from the left flank, which was turned by the enemy. They fell back slowly to the brow of the hill, near the position first taken, and held it, pouring in their fire until their cartridges were exhausted and they were relieved by the SEVENTEENTH Iowa.

The enemy by this time being checked, were breaking and commenced their retreat. The Twenty-sixth Missouri, upon being faced to the front, commenced firing. They, being in plain view of the enemy, were also exposed to the flanking fire, and were ordered to change front to the rear on first company, which was done steadily, and gave the regiment a position somewhat sheltered by a gully in the side of the hill, from which they kept up a constant fire upon the enemy, materially aiding the two regiments of our left in checking them. Their position again becoming exposed to a flank fire, they were ordered to fall back under the crest of the hill, a few yards distant, again changing front, which position they held until their cartridges were exhausted and they were ordered to the rear for ammunition, and formed on the right of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois and Tenth Iowa. The FIFTH Iowa, upon facing to the front, charged down the hill and up to the crest of the next one beyond, from which position they poured in a constant fire at short range on the faltering battalions of the enemy, when Lieutenant-Colonel Sampson, commanding the regiment, observing that our left was being turned by the enemy, ordered his regiment to fall back to the crest of the next ridge, which position he maintained until the close of the action; then withdrew and took up position on the left of the brigade, replenishing cartridges. Our loss in this action was very severe.

Killed		Wounded	 MISSING

Command	 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enli	 Offic	 Enli	 Aggre

 ers	 ted	 ers	 sted	 ers	 sted	 gate

 	 men	 	 men	 	 men

93rd Illinois	 1	 37	 6	 107	 1	 10	 162

5th Iowa	 2	 17	 3	 72	 ---	 ---	 94

10th Iowa	 3	 33	 6	 125	 ---	 ---	 167

26th Missouri	 2	 16	 3	 66	 ---	 ---	 87

Total	 8	 103	 18	 370	 1	 10	 510

The officers and men of this command all behaved with extraordinary coolness and courage under circumstances the most trying. I cannot, therefore, consistently mention the names of one before another, but was greatly indebted to all the regimental commanders for their assist-

