
force behind them. I think this force is merely sent to occupy Brandon for a short time. No advance this morning, and I do not think they will advance beyond that place. I may be mistaken in this impression. They burned the court-house and jail in Brandon last night. I will call and see the general in person during the day.

Very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 77. Reports of Brigadier General George B. Cosby, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade. HEADQUARTERS COSBY'S BRIGADE, Jackson, MISS., July 16, [1863.]

COLONEL: I have just learned that the enemy attacked my pickets at Grant's Ferry about two hours after sunrise this morning. I had a squadron at that point and the ford just below, and have sent another squadron to re-enforce it and to drive the enemy back in case they attempt to cross the river. If he should succeed

in crossing, and is supported by infantry, I will inform you as soon as I learn the fact. the ford(Moore's) is about 15 miles from here.

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel [B. S.] EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS COSBY'S BRIGADE,Brandon, MISS., July 22, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I send with this 35 Federal prisoners, captured to-day about 6 miles from Jackson, on lower Brandon road, by Captain [G] Herren's squadron, composed of Herren's and [W. V.] Lester's companies. First Mississippi Cavalry Regiment. The squadron had been sent out by my order on a scout.

Captain Herren killed 4 of the enemy and wounded 6, whom he brought in, besides the 35 I send to you. The wounded, being unable to travel further have been sent to hospital. Also captured 5 wagons and mules and the arms of the 41 prisoners. Only 2 of the wagons were brought off the field, the others being too much broken during the fight and consequent stampede, The only casualty on our part was 1 man wounded, and he was a scout belonging to Twenty-eighth Mississippi, who fell in with Captain Herren's party during the fight.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant J. H. MARTIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, &c.

