HEADQUARTERS COSBY'S BRIGADE,Brandon, MISS., July 23, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

CAPTAIN: The enemy's rear guard left Jackson about 11 o'clock this morning in direction of Vicksburg. I have sent a regiment after them to pick up stragglers and press rear guard; also scouts to right and left.

Respectfully,

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain [GEORGE] MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 78. Report of Major R. S. Carter, Seventh Mississippi Infantry. HEADQUARTERS, Monticello, MISS., July 25, 1863.

SIR: O have the honor to report the condition of affairs at the present post and that of Brookhaven.

On the evening of the 18th, the Federal cavalry, under Major Fullerton, 500 strong, appeared in the latter place, sacked the town, burned 113 hogsheads of sugar, destroyed the post-office, and burned 2 engines and all the rolling stock, and left at 9 p. m. for Bahala. I evacuated the place several days before their arrival, securing all the stores in my possession save 300 bushels of corn, the most of which has since been used by the Government, I have had a lengthy conversation with Colonel [John L.]Logan, and he advised me to request you to order me to re-establish a post at this point, and have a company of cavalry, consisting of 75 men or upward, to report to me, with which I could capture 2,000 or 3,000 deserters and return them to their commands. The country is full, and they are still coming in by the squads of 10,15, and 20, who will resist any small force, or even double that of their own.

I am not able to report in person, being such at present, and will request you to return me orders by the courier, who will hand this to you.

I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. CARTER,

Major, Commanding Post.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi.

JULY 7, 1863. -Action at Iuka, MISS.

REPORTS.

Number 1. - Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Number 2. - Brigadier General Greenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding left wing SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Number 3. - Colonel Florence M. Cornyn, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps. MEMPHIS, TENN., July 9, 1863- 4 p. m.

Chalmers has been re-enforced by two regiments of cavalry from Jackson, MISS. A portion of Bragg's cavalry is on Bear Creek. Cornyn

