
had a sharp engagement with about 2,000 of them at Iuka yesterday, and drove them to Bear Creek. Our loss, 20 killed and wounded, We captured part of their battery. A rebel force(strength not known) camped at Purdy last night, and were joined by Biffle, evidently gathering for a dash on the railroad. The Okolona force is increasing. I need more good cavalry, or else that General Rosecrans detach a portion of his to Tuscumbia.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major General 	H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Greenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing SIXTEENTH Army Corps. CORINTH, MISS., July 8, 1863.

GENERAL: Colonel Cornyn came up with revel forces at Uuka yesterday at 3 p. m. Engaged then, and, after a severe fight, drove them out of there and toward Bear Creek. We lost 20 men killed and wounded, including 1 captain killed. We captured part of their battery. Their force was estimated at about 2,000.

The force under Colonel [J.] Patterson that passed with the column that came toward Corinth camped at Purdy last night, and Biffle gas joined them, I expect we will have another fight on Bear Creek to-day.

I get a great many reports of Bragg being in Tuscumbia Valley, but can trace them only to the fact that part of his army retreated by way of Huntsville. I believe that the force north is picking up all bands and concentrating for a dash on the railroad.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HURLBUT.

CORINTH, MISS., July 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to herewith forward the report of Co; . F. M. Cornyn, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of the battle at Iuka.

On the night of July 7, the enemy, in three columns, advanced toward Corinth, skirmishing at Glendale, and dashed into the north and captured a corral of broken-down stock, taking 28 of the guard at the corral. The stock was kept out of town to prevent our animals catching the diseases prevalent among the unserviceable stock; also for the purpose of grazing the animals, thereby saving forage to the Government. The enemy started all the animals, some 666, but succeeded in getting off only 240. I suppose that they would bring to the Government at sale $20 per head. The company stationed at the corral were surrounded by about 500 cavalry; they fought determinedly, but were dispersed, and 28 captured. The enemy lost 3 killed, 2 lieutenants, and 10 wounded. Their dead and part of their wounded were left on the field.

When the attack was made on Glendale, Colonel Cornyn was ordered to move at 4 a. m. on the Burnsville road, to develop the movement

