
diers were found by us on the field, and the traces of blood around fully corroborated the story.

The total loss to my command will be found in the recapitulation at the end of this report.

After caring for my wounded and placing them in ambulances, I brought away my dead, and fell back some 6 miles, and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 8th, we took up our line of march for Corinth, and arrived here at about 10. 30 o'clock.

Before closing this report, it would be neglect on my part if I did not return my thanks to the officers and men under my command for the unflinching coolness with which they met danger and the courage with which they routed a superior force, occupying a position chosen by its own leaders.

In particularizing, I do not desire to be invidious, but the officers hereinafter named came more particularly under my notice. Major F. W. Benteen, commanding the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, was where a leader should be, in the front, and, by his coolness and great tact and skill, did much toward gaining the day. Captain M. H. Williams, of the Tenth Missouri, acting field officer and Lieutenant J. F. Young, adjutant of the same regiment, were foremost in the line of skirmishers, rallying and urging them forward, regardless of danger. Captain David Cain, acting field officer of the Tenth Missouri, displayed great gallantry and effected much in the direction of the firing of the battery. Captains Neet, Naughton, Underwood, and McGlasson, m of the same regiment, also deserve particular mention for their gallantry and daring in leading their men into the hottest of the fight. Lieutenant Colonel F. T. Gilbert and Major E. Carmichael acted with their customary devotion to the cause, and were ever foremost in the path of danger. Particular mention will not be undeserved un the person of Captains Malone, Thornton, and Gregory, of the Seventh Kansas, also came under my notice, and deserve the praise due to brave and devoted soldiers. Of the officers of the battery I have already spoken, but too much praise cannot be bestowed upon them.

All honor and praise is due to the gallant dead, and it might not be amiss to mention particularly Captain H. G. Bruns, Tenth Missouri Cavalry. Reared in the lap of luxury, at the first breaking out of the war, although quite young, he enlistedssouri Volunteer Infantry, and served in that regiment through all the battles of Missouri-Booneville, Wilson's Creek, and others. He was with his regiment during General Curtis Chase of the rebel Price through Missouri, and participated in every battle of that eventful campaign, including the hard-earned field of Pea Ridge. He received a discharge from his regiment only to accept a commission in the Tenth Missouri, and has served with it in every one of its engagements in this district. Ere yet in the first dawn of manhood, this polished gentleman and gallant soldier has been cut down, one among the many victims to the mad ambition of Southern traitors. He has left behind him an unsullied name. Fond friends shall weep for him, comrades in arms shall mourn for him, but he died a martyr to a holy cause, sacrifices upon the alter of his country. He fell foremost in the fight, and while the victorious shouts of his comrades rent the air, "all grew dark," and his fearless spirit winged its way to a brighter, happier land.

