
across the Hatchie. They were about 80 strong, supposed to be Richardson's command. We killed 1, wounded several, and captured 1 captain and some men. There is no force of the enemy on this side of the Hatchie. Major Funke was in command of the force from this place. The SECOND Iowa joined after the fight was over.

J. F. DRISH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel August MERSY.

JULY 12-21, 1863. - Expedition from Vicksburg to Yazoo City, MISS.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2. -Acting Rear-Admiral David D. Porter, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 3. -Commander Isaac N. Brown, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 4. -Lieutenant Colonel William B. Creasman, Twenty-NINTH North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding Expedition. HEADQUARTERS HERRON'S DIVISION, Steamer Chancellor, en route to New Orleans, July 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 10th instant, while in camp at Vicksburg, I received orders from Major-General Grant to embark the troops of my command on Boats for Port Hudson.

On the morning of the 11th, my command was embarked and ready to move, when news of the surrender of that place was received, and the orders were countermanded, and I was directed to proceed to and up the Yazoo River.

As this change of orders necessitated a change of boats, consuming much time, my fleet sailed about 11 a. m. of the 12th instant, convoyed by the iron-clad gunboat De Kalb, Captain Walker commanding, and two tin-clads.

On arriving at Haynes' Bluff, during the afternoon of the same day, I took on 25 men of the SECOND Wisconsin Cavalry, under Lieutenant Myers, and proceeded up the river.

About noon of the 13th instant, I arrived at a point about 1 1/2 miles below the city of Yazoo, and immediately sent the gunboats farther up the stream to engage and ascertain the strength and position of the enemy's batteries, and commenced disembarking my troops. Captain Walker, with the DeKalb, proceeded up the stream, and in a very few minutes was engaging the enemy. Owing to the river being so narrow and crooked, he was able to bring but one or two of his guns to bear on their works, and finding the enemy's guns were-constructed earthworks, and ascertaining their exact location, m he withdrew after firing some 30 rounds.

Previous to landing my troops, I had dispatched the cavalry force of 25 men, under Lieutenant Meyers, from a point some 3 miles below, to proceed up the WEST side of the river to the rear of the city, and prevent the enemy, if possible, from removing any of the boats reported to be there, and also obtain such information as they of the strength.

