
Yazoo city, where I arrived at noon on the 19th instant. I immediately set my whole command at work with such wagons as they could pick up through the country in bringing in the captured cotton, horses, and mules and on the morning of the 21st sailed for Vicksburg, arriving on the evening if the same day. I found in store at Yazoo a large quantity of mattresses and bedding belonging to the medical department for hospital use. I also destroyed the rebel works at Yazoo City, blowing them up entirely. I also destroyed the rebel works at Yazoo City, blowing hem up entirely. I would report as the result of the expedition:

1. The capture and destruction of the works at Yazoo City.

2. Three hundred prisoners, including 8 commissioned officers.

3. One stured and five burned.

4. Six pieces of heavy ordnance and a considerable amount of ordnance stores.

5. About 250 stand of small-arms.

6. About 2,000 bales of cotton.

7. About 800 head of horses and mules.

8. Hospital bedding, mattresses, sheets, towels, pillows, and blankets for 450 patients.

All of which have been turned over to the proper officers of our staff.

The country along the Yazoo River, and as far back as I have seen, is full of corn, beef, hogs, sheep, and necessary supplies of that character for the subsistence of troops, and there are stored in the woods and valleys immense quantities of cotton, property of the Confederate States. I have little hesitation in saying that 50,000 bales can be brought away by transports from the neighborhood of Yazoo City alone. Owing to the constant labor to which my men have been subjected during the past month, the change of climate, and the impure water used on this trip, many of them are sick, though no deaths or casualties occurred among them.

I desire, colonel, to return my thanks to Brigadier-Generals Vandever and Orme, my brigade commanders, for their unceasing efforts to carry out all my plans and aid in the success of the expedition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON.

Major-General, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Tennessee.

Numbers 2. Report of Acting Rear-Admiral David D. Porter, U. S. Navy. UNITED STATES Mississippi SQUADRON, Flag-ship Black Hawk, off Vicksburg, MISS., July 14, 1863.

Hearing that general Johnston was fortifying Yazoo City with heavy guns and gathering troops there for the purpose of obtaining supplies for his army from the Yazoo country; also that the remainder of the enemy's best transports were there, showing a possibility of his attempt to escape, Major-General Grant and myself determined to send a naval and military expedition up there to capture them. The Baron DeKalb, New National, Kenwood, and Signal were dispatched, under command

