
ance in this terrible ordeal. We took 150 prisoners from the enemy and turned them over to the provost-marshal. At 6. p. m., the enemy being routed, we again moved forward 3 miles and halted for the night.

On the 17th, moved forward again at 8 a. m., and reached Big Black River about noon.

ON the 18th, crossed the river, and pushed on toward Vicksburg 6 miles.

On the 19th, moved on again and took position at noon in front of the enemy's works, the right of this brigade touching the left of General Logan's DIVISION; advanced at 2 p. m. Under a terrible storm of shell from the enemy's batteries, and took position half a mile nearer their works, losing but 2 men of the Twenty-sixth Missouri killed and 3 of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois wounded.

On the 20th, this brigade moved forward in line three quarters of a mile, occupying a new position immediately in front of our former position, to the left of and supporting De Golyer's battery.

On the 21st, pushed a strong force of skirmishers in advance a quarter of a mile, covering our line and joining right and left with our supports. Lost there 1 man killed and 2 wounded, from the Twenty-sixth Missouri Regiment, our whole line being constantly exposed to the enemy's fire.

On the 22nd, a charge was ordered by the whole line at 9 o'clock. This brigade moved forward about a quarter of a mile at 8 a. m., formed in the hollow, slightly protected from the fire of the enemy, each regiment in column, closed by DIVISION, the Ninety-THIRD Illinois on the right, Tenth Iowa next, twenty-sixth Missouri next, and the FIFTH Iowa on the left. At 10 o'clock we pushed forward to the crest of the next hill, but were met by a terrible storm of grape, canister, and musketry, and the ground being almost impassable from gullies, covered by a heavy abatis of fallen trees, underbrush, vines,&amp;c., the whole position enfiladed by the guns of the enemy, the brigade commander ordered a halt for a few moments. In gaining this position our loss was:FIFTH Iowa, 1 killed and 2 wounded, and Tenth Iowa, 2 men killed and 1 officer and 13 men wounded. Total, 3 killed and 16 wounded.

Receiving renewed orders to charge, preparations were immediately made and the charge ordered, when an aide from the DIVISION commander arrived, countermanded former orders, and ordered us to the support of General McClernand's corps on the left. Arriving at 4 p. m., this brigade was ordered to report to General Carr, which it did, and he immediately ordered the brigade to charge the enemy's intrenchments on the THIRD range of hills in our front and about 120 rods distant. The brigade was formed in two lines parallel with each other and about 50 yards between, FIFTH Iowa on the right and front, ninety -THIRD Illinois on the left and front, supported in rear by the Tenth Iowa, twenty-sixth Missouri supporting the FIFTH Iowa. The advance was immediately ordered, and the line moved steadily forward at common time, all the while exposed to a most deadly fire from the whole line of the enemy's works-right, left, and front. We passed the first and principal ridge and halted in the hollow beyond, partially under cover of the SECOND ridge, to correct alignment, and the position of the FIFTH Iowa was changed by the left flank to the left of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois, for the purpose of being more central to the position to be charged. At this moment the brigade commander, colonel George B. Boomer, was instantly killed by a musket ball from the enemy, and Colonel Holden Putnam, of the Ninety-THIRD Regiment Illinois Infantry, assumed command, and immediately ordered the advance made, as we had approached the

