
SELMA, ALA., July 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy's gunboats., while ascending the Yazoo on the 14th instant, p. m., were attacked by the heavy battery under my command at Yazoo City, and, after an While waiting for a renewal of their attempt to ascend the river, I remanding the Twenty-NINTH Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, saying that he had abandoned his works and was retreating by the Benton road. This movement left no force between my gunners and the land forces of the enemy, who were close at hand and advancing. I had then cither to withdraw or suffer the capture or destruction of my men. We were the last to leave Yazoo City, and the enemy entered it soon after we marched out. It is my opinion that, if Colonel Creasman had waited to receive the enemy's attack, our whole force would have been captured or destroyed.

Without doubt, this officer will have submitted to you a special report of the conduct of Captain [Robert] Voigt, commanding a company of Texans of Waul's Legion, who were serving as heavy artillerists at Yazoo City. This Captain Voight was ordered by Colonel Creasman to join his command on the retreat, and he could without difficulty have obeyed the order . If he has fallen into the enemy's hands, as is most probable, it has been because he wished to do so.

After withdrawing from Yazoo city, I ordered my small command, consisting of less than 40 effective men, to make the best of their way to Mobile, Ala. In doing this I was obeying a provisional order of the Navy Department, given to me some time ago.

It gives me pleasure to add, in concluding this report, that, while the enemy failed to capture our transports(which we destroyed), they sustained, besides their defeat on the river, the loss of their finest ironclad(the De Kalb, of thirteen guns, the flag-ship of their expedition), which was sunk by one of our torpedoes.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

ISAAC N. BROWN,

Commander, C. S. Navy

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, C. S. Army,

Comdg. Department, &amp;c., Headquarters near Jackson, MISS

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Creasman, Twenty-NINTH North Carolina Infantry. JULY 25, 1863.

SIR: Being informed on the 10th instant that General Cosby was moving from Mechanicsburg in the direction roads leading to Yazoo City. I also sent 4 of Lieutenant Johnson's cavalry 12 miles below the city on the road running down the WEST bank of the river.

About 7 p. m. on the 12th instant, I received information, through a citizen living 25 miles below the city, that there were three gunboats coming up the river, and immediately gave orders for the command to be in readiness for action. A few minutes later one of my pickets came in from below and reported one gunboat within 12 miles of the city. By a little after dark the gunners were at their guns and the infantry

