
arriving at Hillsborough on the 20th, and reported to you on the 22nd. I would have reported at an earlier moment but that droves of cattle were being hurried through the town, and men and officers constantly passing, who reported two of your DIVISIONS coming upon the Hillsborough road and your entire army moving toward Meridian. So soon as I found the army was still near Morton and Dorest, at which former place I was told you had headquarters, I reported to you.

I am reliably informed that the baggage and cooking vessels are on the road to Meridian from Winona or Louisville.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. CREASMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel 29th N. C. Regiment, late Comdg. Post at Yazoo City.

Colonel [B. S.] EWELL.

JULY 13, 1863. -Skirmishes on Forked Deer River, and at Jackson, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel Edward Hatch, SECOND Iowa Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, NINTH Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 3. -Major Datus E. Coon, SECOND Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 4. -Lieutenant Colonel William K. M. Breckenridge, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, SECOND Iowa Cavalry, commanding Expedition. HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE, La Grange, Tenn., July 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders of Colonel Mizner to proceed to Jackson, there attack and disperse the Confederate force at that point, then scour the country in that vicinity, returning to La Grange as soon as possible, left camp on the morning of the 12th of July, with 360 of the SECOND Iowa, and 200 of the First WEST Tennessee Cavalry. Marched northeast through Bolivar; camped 14 miles from there on the Denmark road, and was joined there by the NINTH Illinois Infantry, 300 strong. Moved on the morning of the 13th to Denmark. There learning the enemy were concentrating, and, in compliance with the order of Colonel Biffle(Confederate commander), posted through the country, all squads and companies and parts of regiments were to meet at Jackson for organization, pushed on immediately by the Brownsville road, sending Colonel Hurst with the bridges crossing Forked Deer River and sloughs were left standing. Companies of the THIRD Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Captains Nugent and Duckman, carried rapidly in a lively skirmish all the bridges but the three nearest the town(there are sixteen in all). The enemy, having a very strong position, held the last three bridges until the NINTH Illinois could drive out the enemy's skirmishers on the right, and two companies of the THIRD Michigan had crossed the stream well up on the enemy's left. As soon as our men had opened on the flanks, and one of the right of the bridges, I ordered Captain Nugent and Captain

43 R R-VOL XXIV, PT II

