
Latimer's companies, of the THIRD Michigan Cavalry, to charge and carry the bridges, which was quickly and gallantly done. Captain Reese and Captain Lattimer, of the THIRD Michigan, with their companies. quickly taking possession of a log house on the enemy's left, held them in check until the howitzers of the THIRD Michigan had shelled the woods in front. Leaving two companies to guard the bridges, moved my lines forward, the NINTH Illinois Infantry on the left, the THIRD Michigan in the center, with the saber companies of the SECOND Iowa on the eight flank, and the SECOND Iowa Rifles in reserve, our skirmishers driving the enemy toward town, where he had taken a strong position, holding two forts on the south side of Jackson and the curtain connecting them with dismounted men, with mounted men on the left in line and in force sufficient to overlap my right. The NINTH Illinois had approached the forts within 300 yards when the enemy poured in a volley too high to do any hurt. Colonel Phillips took them immediately in a dash so rapid that the rebels had not time to reload, many throwing down their arms and flying in great disorder. At the same moment of Colonel Phillips' attack, the enemy's mounted force in large number threatening a charge, I charged them with the saber companies, riding down and breaking up their line.

the enemy's flight had then become a thorough rout, our mounted rifles and sabers charging them in every direction. Many of the companies were 6 miles east and north of town, and scarcely had the NINTH Illinois Infantry rallied on the northwest side of Jackson, and collected its men, when Biffle(Confederate), with his regiment and one battalion of Roddey's old regiment, in all 800 strong, approaching on the Trenton road, attacked the NINTH with great spirit, and, by constantly outflanking Colonel Philips, compelled him to fall back. Rallying four companies on his right, of the SECOND Iowa and THIRD Michigan, drove the enemy back, holding him in check unuld form in force enough to whip him. Biffle, with his Confederate re-enforcements, had gradually concentrated the broken forces first attacked and scattered, consisting of Colonels [J. A.] Forrest's,[N. N.] Cox's, and [J. F.] Newsom's regiments, with a dozen or more detached companies, with the evident determination of driving us back. On my right were six companies of the Michigan, was holding in check a force on my right and rear. At the moment of attack I was obliged to send the First Tennessee Cavalry, about 200 strong, to check Roddey's battalion, which attacked me left and rear. The enemy then attacked with great spirit, coming on rapidly in the face of sharp firing, forcing the left, and the NINTH Illinois, in the center, back to a bridge near town. Wheeling my right to the left, I drove out the enemy pressing the NINTH Illinois. I then advanced the entire line rapidly, driving the enemy from ridge to ridge, advancing my guns, and shelling the forts and rifle-pits on the north side of the town, killing many of the enemy. On the right the enemy were broken and flying before Colonel Moyers. It was then nearly dark. I immediately pursued them on the different roads from 10 to 15 miles. The night was very dark and foggy, and it was impossible for me to ascertain the direction in which the enemy had fled-supposed it was the Trenton road. At daylight in the morning learned they were retreating in detachments toward the Tennessee River, and that [R. V.] Richardson, with 400 men, was crossing the Hatchie at Estanaula. Sent the First Tennessee Cavalry eastward, toward Lex-

