
ington, with orders to return by the way of Miffin, Montezuma, and Bolivar, or Montezuma and Purdy; the NINTH Illinois Infantry by Bolivar, to Pocahontas; the THIRD Michigan by way of Denmark, Dancyville, Wesley's, and Somerville, and the SECOND Iowa by Estanaula, Whiteville, and Newcastle.
The women of Jackson, previous to out attack on the town, carried ammunition for the enemy in a very gallant manner under fire.

During the attack on the town, the enemy barricaded the streets and fired from the windows. Lieutenant Humphrey, of the SECOND Iowa, ever two companies of flying rebels were mistaken, in the smoke and dust, for our men, and were badly handled by a party of the enemy behind a barricade.

Our men having found thirty barrels of whisky, it gave me as much trouble to save the town from fire during the fight as it did to whip the enemy, and from the same cause we lost a large number of prisoners. I saved the town from burning by the greatest exertions, and protected all the private dwellings. The stores, I regret to say, were plundered by negroes and stragglers during the fight. In one we found seventeen kegs of powder.

The companies of the THIRD Michigan, who gallantry carried the bridges, are deserving of great praise. Lieutenant Wilson, of the THIRD Michigan howitzers, shelled the rebels out of strong position, with credit to his firing. Colonel Phillips fought his men speedily advancing at a double-quick 3 miles, driving, killing, and wounding many of the enemy. The saber companies of the SECOND Iowa cavalry charged with the greatest blondess. After we had obtained a foothold north of the river, the enemy was driven so rapidly at all points that his fire was not in the least effective, firing whole volleys over our men.

On my return, captain Duckman, of the THIRD Michigan, with three augers and four axes, constructed a pontoon at Estanaula, on the Big Hatchie River, 175 feet long, in four hours, over which we crossed the command, our artillery, and wagons in perfect safety. The enemy had 4 captains, 3 lieutenants, and 31 men killed, and not less than 150 wounded. We destroyed 300 stand of arms and captured about 200 horses. The constripts which the enemy had in confinement were allowed to go before we entered the town, and escaped to their homes; said to be from 300 to 400. I inclose list of casualties. There are from ten to FIFTEEN slight wounds, not disabling the men from duty. I have, therefore, not reported these men as wounded. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel SECOND Iowa Cavalry, Comdg. SECOND Cavalry Brigade.

Captain Thomas B. WEIR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Div., Left Wing SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., LEFT WING SIXTEENTH A. C.,La Grange, July 24, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the general commanding left wing SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

The high degree of success attained by this expedition and the great

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, reports 1 man killed, 3 officers and the wounded, and 3 MISSING.

---------------

