
gallantry displayed by the officers and men of Colonel Hatch`s com-

mand entitles them to high commendations. The taking of the bridges and forcing a crossing by the THIRD Michigan Cavalry, the storming and carrying the earthworks by the NINTH Illinois Infantry, and the charge of the SECOND Iowa Cavalry, gives evidence of the firmness and reliable character of these troops.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, NINTH Illinois Infantry. POCAHONTAS, TENN., July 16, 1863.

SIR: I have to report that in compliance with orders and instructions from Colonel August Mersey, commanding SECOND Brigade, SECOND DIVISION, left wing SIXTEENTH Army Corps, I left Pocahontas, Tenn., at 11 a. m. on the 12th instant, with my command, with an aggregate of 330, and marched through Bolivar, thence 12 miles north through Toone`s Station, to a point on the Bolivar and Denmark road, where I reported to Colonel at 11 p. m. of that date, and halted for the night.

I moved, as the THIRD Battalion in order of march, early the next morning, until we arrived at the South Branch of Forked Deer River, where the enemy resisted the advance, and I was ordered to the front.

I deployed my command to the left of the road, and, having flanked the enemy on their right, they were driven from their position.

In accordance with the orders of Colonel Hatch, I then drove the enemy through the fair grounds, then from the field-works on the south-west part of the town. Here the force of the enemy separated, a part going through town on the Lexington road and another part of their force moving out on the Trenton road.

I followed after those on the Trenton road, and was steadily and rapidly driving them, when they were re-enforced by. The NINTH [Nineteenth] Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Biffle commanding, who had just arrived on the Trenton road.

This re-enforcement attacked my command while mounted, and I soon broke their ranks. They then fell back dismounted, and then made a very fierce and impetuous attack on me, compelling me to fall back a distance of about 300 yards, where I then took a position and drove the enemy back, and one mountain howitzer belonging to the command of Colonel Hatch being in the rear of me, I ordered the gun to be brought up, placed the same in position, and, after a few minutes firing, the enemy retreated very rapidly on the Trenton road. I then moved with the command 7 miles after the enemy.

On the morning of the 14th instant, I moved with the column on my return march as Denmark. Leaving the cavalry brigade at that place, which moved to the right, I was ordered to Bolivar. I arrived in camp at this place at 1 p. m. of the 15th instant, with 35 prisoners, who were pl in my charge by Colonel Hatch at Jackson, Tenn.

I also captured about 100 horses and mules during the expedition, which I turned over to the assistant quartermaster at this post. I send herewith a list of the prisoners, marked A. *

---------------

* Nominal list, omitted, shows 35 prisoners taken.

---------------

