
During the action I sustained a loss of 7 men wounded, a list of whom I send herewith, marked Exhibit B. *

I am much indebted to Captain W. C. Kueffner, Lieut, R. B. Patterson, and Lieutenant S. T. Hughes, of my command, for their conduct on the field and the assistance I received from them during the engagement. The officers and men of my command did all that could be done, and are deserving of much credit.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. K. RANDOLPH.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Datus E. Coon, SECOND Iowa Cavalry. LA GRANGE, TENN., July 17, 1863.

SIR: I have to report the following in regard to the recent scout to and skirmish at Jackson, Tenn.:

According to order received on the 11th, my command (the SECOND Iowa Cavalry) was in the saddle at 4 a. m. of the 12th. The two 12-pounder howitzers were also in column and amply provided with all necessary ammunition. Taking the Bolivar road, we were at 12 m. in that place, a distance of 22 miles. After a halt of a few moments, we moved forward northward, when we soon struck the Big Hatchie River, and on crossing discovered the railroad bridge across the same and the trestle-work on the north side had been set on fire; the bridge entirely burned down, and the trestle-work also nearly consumed. On inquiry, learned from a negro that it was done by [R. R.] White`s band of guerrillas, which was then encamped some 8 miles distant. My command having the advance, I moved forward cautiously for some 7 miles, when two guns were fired in front, and the advance company gave chase to two soldiers (a patrol), running them into their camp before they could give the alarm. The company in pursuit came upon them at Clover Creek, near a church, where they were at the time, some 30 in number, amusing themselves at a game of cards. The scattering of hats, boots, coats, knapsacks,&amp;c., can be more easily imagined than described. It is sufficient to say that while our men were giving them two or three shots each from their revolving rifles, they skedaddled, some bootless and hatless, others guiding their horses by a simple rope halter. We camped that night at Foon's plantation, on the same creek.

On Monday, the 13th, nothing of interest transpired until orders were received to move three saber companies to the front, when within 1 1/2 miles of Jackson. The three companies ordered up were E, l and M, Captain William W. Eaton commanding.

By order, I remained some ten minutes for the balance of the command, which were then waiting for the lead horses to pass a narrow defile on the bridge. As soon as over, my rifles were formed in squadron column on the right of the Michigan Cavalry, but very soon there was a general strife to see who should be first to charged the town and penetrated it in almost every conceivable direction. In

---------------

*List, omitted, reports I officer and 6 men wounded, I man mortally.

---------------

