
one instance they were met by a superior force, and the street blockaded, but by a flank movement to the right and left they succeeded in capturing some 0 of the enemy's Cavalry. In one place the conflict was so close between Company M and superior force of Forrest's men that one man, named H. H. Barner, had a hand-to-hand fight after exhausting all the weapons in his hands.

At this time SECOND Lieutenant John K. Humphrey was very seriously wounded, and taken to the nearest house. While this was being enacted to the front, the left flank was furiously attacked by Colonel Biffle's regiment(NINTH [Nineteenth] Tennessee Cavalry), and on my arrival at that point I sent an orderly to lieutenant Belden, directing him top say that should ha need assistance ha would send for me upon that street. At this time the enemy was pressing two companies advanced as skirmishers vary hard, and threatened to drive in our entire left flank. Having sent, by order of Colonel Hatch, two rifle companies. I could only dismount two companies(B and F), and send them to the support of the infantry, the balance of my regiment having been detained at the bridge by led horses and teams. But in due time the First Battalion, captain Charles C. Horton Commanding, arrived, when I sent them to the left of the infantry, that I might, if possible, drive the enemy's right. About this time Lieutenant Reed, with one howitzers, arrived. I ordered it into the midst of a squad at a distance of near 600 yards. The effect was good. The enemy soon left, not being able to keep steadily amid the explosion of shell.

Immediately after the rebels had disappeared, a while flag appeared in the road running north, and waved there for some five minutes, when I directed a mounted orderly to advance with a white handkerchief and ascertain the cause. In a short time ha returned, and reported that he flag was displayed to protect wounded soldiers in a house near by.

Colonel Hatch then ordered me to collect my men and pursue as fast as possible. In a few moments all were upon, and, throwing out heavy flaking companies. I moved forward as fast as practicable trough thick timber and undergrowth. . On advancing some 3 miles, we acme to the conclusion that there had been but a small squad retreating on that road; but owing to the long march of the agement, which occupied from 12. 30 p. m. until 5. 30 p. m., we halted and camped for the night at 7 miles distance from Jackson.

Early in the morning of the 14th, I moved back to Jackson, forming a line of battle facing the east, where I remained until about 10 a. m., when I received orders to move toward La Grange, on the road we came.

On the 15th, my men assisted in building a floating bridge over the Big Hatchie or Estanaula, which was done, and the command crossed over in some eight hours.

On the night of the 15th, we camped 24 miles north of La Grange, reaching camp at the same place some time before sunset of the 16th.

The entire casualties of this engagement were SECOND Lieutenant John K. Humphrey, company M, wounded by musket ball, and also by a spent ball in left shoulder blade, a SECOND Lieutenant Frank L. Stoddard, company B, elbow dislocated by being thrown from his mule in the charge, and 2 men only MISSING.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DATUS E. COON,

Major, Commanding SECOND Iowa Cavalry.

N. B. BAKER, Adjutant-General State of Iowa.

