
Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William K. M. Breckenridge, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry. GRAND JUNCTION, TENN., September 28, 1863.
Our regiment was in the rear, and after crossing the river, I was ordered to make charge of all the wagons and led horses, as the men were mostly dismounted, ana as the command advanced I moved up the led horses until I arrived at the edge of town. I there received an order from an orderly to take charge of the prisoners and picket the town. I then rode up to the court-hose. Where the prisoners were, and while there a citizens came to me and reported were carrying out whisky by the bucket-full and giving in to the men, and I rode over to where they were and had the whisky all spilled that I could find. I then went to where my reserve was, and sent Lieutenant Lewis with 10 men to destroy all the liquor they could find. In a short time he came to me ans said that the men were breaking into the houses, and I ordered him to go and stop them, and to arrest every man he found in a house. He then we off, and I a short time returned and told of me Mrs. A. A. Newman's millinery shop of store, and I ordered him to put a guard over the house. There were a good many stragglers around town, and after dark I and another officer of the command, I do not know his name or regiment, heat a noise at a door, and started to see about it on the way I found 300 men, I suppose, in and in front of a store. He said they belonged to his regiment, and I ordered them out, and the owner then shut the door and we went on, and in a few minutes returned; they were trying to get in again. I sent the officer to send them off, and I spent the most of my time that night in running from place to place trying to keep everything quiet and seeing to the wounded. And inn the morning, when Colonel Hatch returned to town, the men broke open houses and took all they wanted, and took buggies and wagons and loaded them with goods and boots,&amp;c. I stood in the court-house yard and saw a portion of his command pass, and nearly every man had something that had been taken out of the place.

W. K. M. BRECKENRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

ADDENDA.

Statement of Lieutenant Samuel Lewis, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

GRAND JUNCTION, TENN., October 4, 1863.

I was in command of my company, and was held back in charge of some prisoners. When the regiment advanced I moved up into the edge of town. Colonel Breckenridge being informed by a citizen that the citizens were giving our men whisky, colonel Breckenridge ordered me to take some men and proceed to all suspicious places in town and destroy all the whisky I could find; and while I was searching for whisky, I went into one millinery store belonging to a widow lady, and found her very much excited about the soldiers carrying out her goods. She demanded of me a guard. I went to Colonel Breckenridge and related her circumstances to him, and he told me give her a guard. I then advanced to the court-house and took charge of the prisoners, with James J. Smith. Lieutenant of the same company. I remained

