
there all night, writing paroles of prisoners. Next morning I went out some distance north of the court-house, where the wounded were, and fell in company with Colonel Hurst. We had a conservation about the way the soldiers were treating the citizens. He ordered me to go and tell my men no to interrupt anything in town. As I was returning to my command, I saw Colonel Hatch's men, of the THIRD Michigan, or the SECOND Iowa Cavalry, breaking open store-house doors and carrying out goods of almost every description.

SAMUEL LEWIS,

Lieutenant Company A, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers.

Statement of Lieutenant Edward L. Harden, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

GRAND JUNCTION, TENN., October 4, 1863.

In reference to Colonel Hatch's fight at Jackson, Tenn., on the 14th of July, 1863, I was in command of my company that day, and was held back to support one of our guns, and remained there until the fight was over. When I was ordered back to town it was getting dark. About the time I returned to town, one company of the THIRD Michigan cavalry was there, and was breaking open houses and taking what they wanted. I saw them taking goods out of the houses myself. Colonel Breckenridge ordered me to go and stop them, and I went and ordered them away, and they went off. But just as soon as I went away they went back to breaking open others, and taking what they could carry. I went them, and told the captain commanding them, and he returned round and yelled out to them to take those horses away from the doors, and not let them kick them down, and that was all say to them. The next morning, when Colonel Hatch and his command came trough, his men would stop all along the line, and run to the houses and take what they wanted; and at Mrs. A. A. Newman's millinery shop I saw the THIRD Michigan cavalry carrying the thing out and burning them, and taking what they wanted with them.

EDWARD L. HARDEN,

Company F, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

JULY 13, 1863. -Occupation of Natchez, MISS., by Union troops.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas E. G. Ransom, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Natchez, MISS., July 16, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that at 3 p. m. on the 13th instant, I landed with my command, and occupied this city without opposition. The people were completely surprised, and hardly realized our design until the place was fully occupied and picketed. Some 20 rebel officers and soldiers all the approaches to be reconnoitered, and established a strong provost-guard in the city, taking possession of the post-Office, with a large quantity of mail matter, the telegraph office, and court house.

The mayor and council met me promptly at the court-house, when I took formal possession of the city, and communicated to the citizens, trough the mayor, the instructions given me by the general commanding the department.

