
Illinois Cavalry, and marched to Collierville. Taking with me 150 men of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, I crossed Wolf Rover, and marched to Hickory Withe, and thence north toward Quinn's Mills, on the Loosahatchee. About 2 miles north of Hickory Withe, I captured a person just conscripted by Richardson, and who was then going to Galloway Switch, where I captured 4 or 5 prisoners, conscripts, but could learn nothing of Richardson or any part of his force. Parties of his men, numbering from 5 to 20, had been seen within two or three days, but I could get not the least information from any one as to where any of Richardson's could be found; and I will here state that of all the men who have taken the oath of allegiance to the Unites States, and to whom protection papers have been given, I could find none to give me any information whatever.

I camped for the night 1 1/2 miles WEST to Galloway's Switch, near Lieutenant [F. M.]Griffin's(of Richardson's)command. I took two mules, a light wagon. And a two-wheeled cart from him. Lieutenant Griffin was out in command of a conscripting party.

At daylight on the morning of the 17th, I divided my command, and sent a battalion up Beaver Creek Bottom to meet at Concordia whither I proceeded with the balance of the command. I there learned from negroes that about 100 had passed toward Covington two days before, but could hear of none in the neighborhood any later. I thence crossed to Beaver Dam, and turned south toward Shelby Depot, but at a cross-road about 5 miles from Beaver Dan I struck a cavalry trail, leading up into Beaver Bottom, and was informed bu negroes that about 150 of Richardson's men had passed in the night previous. I immediately turned up the creek again, but lost the trail

completely in the bottom before I had gone 2 miles, but I pushed on to within 8 miles of Covington; thence I proceeded to near Mason Depot, and camped near the plantation of a Mr. Sherrod.

Early on the morning of the 18th, I sent Major Wemple, of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, with eight companies, toward Covington, and learned that Richardson's command had been crossing the Big Hatchie in squads for two or three days, and that the said that I was after them with twenty-five pieces of artillery and 3,000 or 4,000 men. About 400 men had about into Lauderdale County with Richardson. About 100 were armed, and were said to be short of ammunition. With the remainder of my command I proceeded east to Belmont, thence returned to Quinn's Mills, and camped about one-half way between the mills and Hickory White, where Major Wemple rejoined me.

On the morning of the 19th, I sent out two companies in different directions to hunt guerillas, and marched direct to Collierville with the main portion of my command. My scouts heard of a few scattering guerillas, but could find none. Arrived at Germantown on the evening of the 19th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

