
JULY 20-21, 1863. -Scouts from Memphis, Tenn.

Report of Colonel David Moore, Missouri Infantry, commanding Brigade.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith sent you a synopsis of the reports of the detachments of cavalry that were out yesterday from this brigade. One detachment of 50 proceeded on the Hernando road to within 3 miles of Hernando, and scoured the woods in that vicinity. They found none of the enemy, and could hear of no force this side of Coldwater, except a small party of rebel Cavalry, numbering from 15 to 20. They were informed that General Chalmers and moved south with his entire command. Another detachment of 120 proceeded on the Horn Lake road, about 24 miles from Memphis; found where some cotton had been burned, and were fired upon by a small party of rebels, whom they dispersed, and returned to camp. No prisoners were taken.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Captain F. W. FOX, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 26-30, 1863. -Expedition from Natchez, MISS.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas E. G. Ransom, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Natchez, MISS., July 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I have to honor to report that the expedition under Major Worden, of 350 mounted men and one piece of artillery, sent out into the back country on Sunday last, returned this evening, having passed trough Kingston, liberty, and Woodville, making a circuit of about 130 miles.

Major Worden reports no armed force in that region. He discovered several large lots. Of C. S. A. Cotton, estimated at 5,000 bales; captured and brought in within him 1 lieutenant and 9 enlisted men(rebel soldiers), absent from their command.

At Liberty he destroyed the following army stores: Seventeen hogsheads sugar, 150 saddles, 1 artillery carriage, 1 Government wagon, and 50 stand small-arms.

At Woodville he burned a large cotton factory, containing forty looms engaged and manufacturing cloth for the rebel army; 14 freight cars, 2 passenger coaches, a railroad machine shop, 2 railroad locomotives, 250 barrels C. S. A. Molasses, a large amount of army clothing, 25 small-arms, and captured and brought with him a beautiful 6-pounder gun, French manufacture, and said to have been used by General Jackson at New Orleans. He reports the people to be discouraged with the rebellion, and anxious for peace on any honorable terms.

[J. L.]Logan is reported to have gone north, on the east side of Bayou Piere, and I have since heard of him a Port Gibson, and headed this way. He has about 1,500 mounted men very well armed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK, Assistant Adjutant-General.

