
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper

sequence.

MAY 19-JULY 4, 1863. -The Siege of Vicksburg, MISS. *

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel John B. Sanborn, Fourth Minnesota Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Seventh DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John B. Sanborn, Fourth Minnesota Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Seventh DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SEVENTH DIV., SEVENTEENTH A. C., Vicksburg, August 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the siege of Vicksburg.

After moving, on the 23rd of May, from General Smith's right to the position we left on the morning of the 22nd, I continued to skirmish constantly with the enemy, who all the time remained inside his fortifications, until the enemy of the 26th, and at the same time kept large details at work during the night, constructing rifle-pits, covered ways, and breastworks for batteries.

On the evening of the 26th, while I had one regiment on fatigue duty, I received your order to move my whole command immediately, with seven days' rations, in the direction of Mechanicsburg and Yazoo City, and report to Major-General Blair for further orders. At 10 o'clock in evening I took up the line of march, and marched out 8 miles, and bivouacked 1 o'clock a. m., and at sunrise again took up our line of march, and moved on 15 miles farther toward Mechanicsburg, Satartia, and down the Yazoo to Snyder's Bluff, at which place we arrived on the 1st day of June, having learned the movements of the enemy, and without any loss my command.

Having remained at this point three days, and furnished the command shoes, socks, and other articles greatly needed, I moved, on the 4th of June, again into the line of the forces investing Vicksburg, and took position on the left of the Seventh DIVISION, being the left of the

---------------

*See pp. 146, et seq.

---------------

