
SEVENTEENTH Army Corps. In this position the command remained, having out a strong line of skirmishers, until the 24th of June, when the THIRD Brigade, having moved to the rear and joined the forces on the line of circumvallation, I moved my command on to the ground evacuated by it on the right of the DIVISION, and in this last position remained until the surrender of Vicksburg, on the 4th of July, when my command moved into the city. .

During the entire siege the health and morale of the command were excellent, and none seemed to have a desponding thought or a doubt as to successful result, and whether called upon to dig rifle-pits, throw up intrenchments, skirmish with the enemy, or stand to arms by day or on dark, stormy night, all was done with the greatest alacrity. Every man of my command seemed determined to do his whole duty. The following is the list of casualties occurring after the assault and during the siege. *

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. B. SANBORN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventh DIVISION.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, commanding brigade. MAY 30, 1863.

MAJOR: The usual sharpshooting from the enemy's lines yesterday up 5 o'clock p. m., when they opened fire from their batteries, and kept up a heavy artillery fire for about one hour. No casualties reported in my command. The men are at work every night, perfecting their intrenchments along my line.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. G. DEVEREUX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 31, 1863.

MAJOR: Heavy artillery firing from the enemy yesterday. No reply from my lines. The ususal sharpshooting from the enemy; an occasional shot from my front.

Casualties: 2 killed(Mississippi State troops), in town; 16 wounded(Mississippi State troops),15 in town: I wounded, sixty-second Tennessee; I wounded, SEVENTEENTH Louisiana Regiment, in reserve.

JNO. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

[Major J. G. DEVEREUX.]

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; 1 man killed; 1 officer and 10 men wounded.

---------------

