
on the enemy to get range; the 24-pounder siege gun and 3-inch rifle also opened, I having given orders to that effect, for the purpose of attracting the enemy's fire, and drawing it from the 32-pounder, that it might work undisturbed. A desultory fire the enemy during the day. Last night I gave orders for the 24-pounder siege guns to fire during the night, should any attempt be made to bring a piece into position at Edwards' house. I see no indications of its being in position yet. The enemy's sharpshooters have advanced as far as the mound near Colonel Pitts' former headquarters. One wounded, Sixtieth Tennessee Regiment; two wounded, Sixty-SECOND Tennessee Regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

Major DEVEREUX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

June 5, 1863.

Major: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations on my line yesterday:

The usual sharpshooting, interspersed with artillery fire, was kept up by the enemy during the day. Major Stevens' command, near the mouth of Mint Spring Bayou, was ordered to keep up a heavy fire on the mound during the night, should any attempt be made by the enemy to throw up new works at that point, which, I think, was successful, as no new works can be discovered at that point. One wounded, Sixtieth Tennessee; one wounded, Sixty-SECOND Tennessee; one wounded, THIRD Battalion Mississippi State troops,

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

JNumber C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-general.

Major J. G. DEVEREUX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

June 6, 1863.

Major: Everything unusually quiet on my line yesterday; but little sharpshooting, and no artillery fire until evening, when the enemy shelled my line for a short time. One killed in Major Stevens' command; one wounded in Sixty-SECOND Tennessee Regiment.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

JNumber C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

[Major J. G. DEVEREUX.]

June 7, 1863.

Major: I would respectfully submit the following report of operations on my line yesterday:

The usual sharpshooting from the enemy; great annoyance from those

