
it was intended the entire force should follow was wrongly laid down upon the map furnished.

About dark my DIVISION reached Mrs. Ellison's, and found a great scarcity of water . This information was at once communicate to General Pemberton, so that he might make some other disposition of the forces which were following. After dark it fortunately happened that the other DIVISIONS were still upon the road leading from the bridge and encamped along in their line of march. It was still more fortunate that my command was upon the middle Raymond road, which led immediately to the ford at which the army was to have crossed in the morning. Upon this road the enemy was in large force within a few miles of my camp. Being satisfied of this from prisoners taken and from observations of several of my staff sent in advance, very large picket forces were placed in my front, rear, and right flank. Completing my dispositions, I soon after met General Pemberton, to whom information of the near proximity of the enemy in large force, was given. Additional information was subsequently given him, establishing the fact that he was in our immediate front.

This was the condition of things until 7 or 8 o'clock next morning (16th), when the general informed us that he had a note from General Johnston, advising a junction with him in the direction of Brownsville, his force having fallen back from Jackson. This necessitated a movement toward Edwards Depot. The general then gave an order for the train, which had not come up, to retrace its steps. Pending this, it is said the enemy was in line of battle preparing to attack us. Moving rapidly upon my pickets, he opened a brisk cannonade. I suggested to General Pemberton that the sooner he formed a line of battle the better, as the enemy would very soon be upon us. He at first directed me to form Tilgh a line of battle upon the ground it then occupied, but soon thought it untenable, and ordered it, with Feartherston's and Buford's brigades(my whole DIVISION), into a line of battle on a ridge about three-quarters of a mile in the rear and across a small creek. This line was almost immediately changed for a ridge still farther back, where my artillery was advantageously posted on both sides of the road, the field to the front being entirely open as far as Mrs. Ellison's house. He also directed the DIVISION to occupy the road and the country to the right of it, and in orders conveyed to me at different times during the day he instructed me to hold my position, not attacking the enemy unless he attempted to outflank us. Bowen's command was extended so as to join mine on the road. Soon a series of orders came, specifically and with great particularity, for two of my brigades to move to the left, closing the line as often as Bowen moved, and we in this manner followed him.

During this time I received an order to retire, also one to advance, both of which were countermanded. My whole DIVISION, including reserves, was strung out in line of battle, mostly in thick timber. The enemy during these movements remained steadily in front in heavy force, being, apparently, a full corps, occupying a series of ridges, wooded, and commanding each other, forming naturally a very strong if not impregnable position, throwing forward a heavy line of skirmishers, and showing every indication of an attack in force upon my position, both I front and upon the right flank. General Bowen also informed me that he thought the enemy was moving to the right.

While these movements were going on (all of which were brought to the general's attention), desultory firing was heard on the extreme left,

