
mands met and successfully repulsed the powerful attacks of the enemy, delaying the Yankee army and securing a safe retreat to that of ours across the ford, entitles them to the highest praise; and, finally, in lending themselves a sacrifice, enveloped as they were upon three sides (front, right flank, and rear), undismayed, with a proud consciousness of having done their whole duty, they withdrew in good order from under fire in face of the enemy, and thus we were enabled to make the dangerous but successful movement to the left.

My staff-Captain Henry Robinson, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [A. A.]Bursley, chief of artillery; Captain [Belton] Mickle, assistant quartermaster; Captain John D. Myrick; Lieutenant [J.] Hanson Thomas, aide-de-camp; Captain [Williams] Sykes, aide-de-camp; Cap. Henry de Veuve, assistant engineer; Henry Taylor and William McFarland, volunteer aides; Captain Russell and Dr. Williamson, guides-were continually under fire, and bore themselves, as in other fields, with courage and ability.

With respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, commanding,&amp;c.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Colonel A. E. Reynolds, twenty-sixth Mississippi Infantry, commanding First Brigade. HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Near Jackson, MISS., May 27, 1863.

MAJOR: IN obedience to orders, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Baker's Creek on the 16th instant:

At 9 o'clock on the morning of that day, brigadier-General Tilghman, commanding brigade, received orders to move it from just beyond Ellison's house, where it had bivouacked Friday night, to a ridge about half a mile in our rear . The order was immediately obeyed, and in the formation of the line of battle its proper position(the right of the DIVISION) was assigned it.

From this time up to about 12 m., nothing of importance occurred. At that time the whole DIVISION changed position by the left flank, brigadier-General Buford moving to the support of Brigadier-General Bowen, on his left; Brigadier-General Featherston closing up, so as to be in supporting distance, and Brigadier-General Tilghman, with his brigade and two batteries-the [J. J.] Cowan battery (six guns), of Withers' regiment of artillery, and the McLendon battery (four guns), of Ward's battalion-by direction of the major-general commanding DIVISION, taking position on the Raymond and Edwards Depot road, to prevent a flank movement of the enemy down it on our right. At the same time he was told to hold himself in readiness to move up to the support of the other brigades of the DIVISION should it become necessary.

About 1 o'clock this order was received from Lieutenant-General Pemberton. In anticipation of the movement, lieutenant [William] McFarland, of the major-general's staff, had some time before been sent to Brig-

