
adier-General Tilghman to point out the road by which he should move. Captain [P.] Ellis [J. R.], the assistant adjutant-general of General Tilghman, accompanied Lieutenant McFarland far enough to have et shown him. But, upon making the move, and going beyond the point to which Captain Ellis had been carried by Lieutenant McFarland, the route was found to be impracticable for artillery. As soon as this became evident, general Tilghman countermarched the brigade, and, moving down the Raymond and Edwards Depot road about a quarter of a mile, took a new right -hand road, which communicated with our left wing, intending to join Major-General Loring by this route; but after proceeding only a few hundred yards, lieutenant-_General Pemberton met the brigade and ordered it back to a position on the main road we had just left, informing General Tilghman at the same time that an order countermanding the one to move, and directing him to retain his position, had been sent to him nearly an hour before. While conversing with him, major [S. H.]Lockett, chief engineer of the department, rode up with the order, and informed General Pemberton that, owing to the breaking down of his horse, he had been unable to reach General Tilghman.

At the time of the movements from our first position, the Raymond and Edwards Depot road, and before the rear of the brigade had crossed that road, a heavy column of the enemy was seen advancing in line of battle our of the woods, immediately around Ellison's house. Colonel R. Lowry, of the Sixth Mississippi Regiment, who was in the rear, was at once directed to throw out a heavy line of skirmishers to protect the movement. Upon the brigade countermarching, this line of skirmishers(composing nearly one -half of the regiment), moving

too far to the to the left, became separated from the brigade, and uniting itself with the left wing of the army, fell back with it-first to Big Black Bridge, and thence to Vicksburg, where it is at present under the command of Major [J. R.]Stevens.

Soon after the formation of the SECOND line of battle (at 1. 30 o'clock), major -General Loring came up with the other two brigades of the DIVISION, and formed them immediately on the left of the First Brigade. He informed General Tilghman that the left wing of the army was retreating to the Big Black, and that, in order to cover the movement, general Pemberton had directed him to maintain his position at all hazards until sundown.

The enemy having taken possession of the hill abandoned by us, a continuous fire from both artillery and skirmishers was kept up until dusk.

At 5. 20 o'clock, brigadier General Lloyd Tilghman, who up to that time had commanded the brigade with marked ability, fell, killed by a shell from one of the enemy's guns, and the command devolved upon me as the senior colonel present. I cannot here refrain from paying a slight tribute to the memory of my late commander. As a man, a soldier, and a general, he had few if any superiors. Always at his post, he devoted himself day and night to the interest of his command. Upon the battle -field cool, collected, and observant, he commanded the entire respect and confidence of every officer and soldier under him, and the only censure ever cast upon him was that he always exposed himself too recklessly. At the time he was struck down he was standing in the rear of a battery, directing a change in the elevation of one of the guns. The tears shed by his men on the occasion, and the grief felt by his entire brigade, are the proudest tribute that can be given the gallant dead.

From the time of my assuming command of the brigade until I was ordered off the field, the fire of the enemy was very warm. Cowan's bat-

