
[Alcide] Bouanchaud, commanding Pointe Coupe Artillery. *These were detached from my command during the greater portion of the engagement. These officers sustained the high reputation they have won on other fields. For particular mention of officers under their commands I refer to the reports.

The other regiments were directly under my immediate observation during the whole day, and I was more than gratified at the gallant bearing of the commanding officers, as well as that of the other field and company officers. To say that I am proud to command the brigade evinces but slightly the high regard and estimation I have for the troops.

Their quickness of motion, their ardor, powers of endurance, and steadiness exhibited during the engagement of Saturday and on the retreat are worthy of mention.

In conclusion, I would mention in a grateful manner the obligations I am under to the members of my staff for their efficiency and promptness in carrying out my orders.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. BUFORD.

Brigadier-General.

Major-General LORING,

Commanding DIVISION.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel Edward Goodwin, thirty-FIFTH Alabama Infantry. CAMP near JACKSON, MISS., MAY 28. 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with an order from brigade headquarters, I most respectfully beg leave to submit the following as a report of the operations of the Thirty-FIFTH Regiment Alabama Volunteers on the night of May 15; also on May 16:

At deep dusk on the evening of the 15th instant, I received an order directly from General Buford in person to report with my command to the headquarters of Major-General Loring, which were established about 1 mile in advance of the DIVISION, on the upper Edwards Depot and Raymond road. General Loring ordered me to move the regiment about 1 mile in advance of his quarters, and to picket the road at the point which his engineer should select. On reaching this point, I detailed Company F to picket several hundred yards in advance of the regiment, and from this place I threw out vedettes, giving to each the instructions I had received from the generals. The Twenty-SECOND Mississippi Regiment, lieutenant-Colonel [H. J.] Reid commanding, was sent out to support me. During the night an occasional gun was fired by the cavalry pickets of each army.

In the morning of May 16, the skirmishing between our cavalry pickets and that of the enemy became very brisk. About 7 o'clock I rode to the front, both with a view to confer with Colonel [Wirt] Adams, and, if possible, to ascertain the strength of the foe. The Federal cavalry were drawn up in an open field, at intervals of 40 or 50 yards, and were slowly advancing, driving in our vedettes. Behind this cavalry I discovered a long battle-line of infantry, and I also discovered that they were moving their skirmishers to the right. I hastened back to my regiment, and prepared to contest every inch of ground with them back to our army. I had scarcely formed my line of battle before the enemy began to shell me from a battery which he had planted a short

---------------

*Bouanchaud's report not found.

---------------

