
distance to my right. Notwithstanding the shell burst over and about my command in every direction, yet they stood firm, ready to meet the advancing foe. From this shelling the Twenty-SECOND Mississippi had 2 men very severely wounded. I threw out a company of skirmishers (Company B), who soon engaged the Federal sharpshooters. About 8. 30 o'clock I received an order from General Loring to fall back in good order to the main army. I then fell back till I came to Colonel Reid's regiment. Being the senior officer, I ordered Colonel Reid to fall back 100 yards and reform his line of battle. I reformed upon the ground he left. Company B, thirty-FIFTH Alabama Regiment, and a company from the Twenty-SECOND, which I had ordered to be sent to the support of my company, were engaging the enemy vigorously. Knowing that they were trying to outflank me, I kept vedettes on my flank. I thus continued my retreat slowly until I received a SECOND order General Loring to bring the regiments in immediately. I then promptly rejoined the brigade.

On being moved from the right to the left of our general line of battle in the afternoon, as the brigade was passing near the negro cabins, general Bowen rode up me, inquiring of me what regiment that was. I told him, whereupon he ordered me to follow him. Placing me under the guidance of an aide, who conducted me directly to the front 100 yards, I was ordered to move straight forward until I met the foe. Pausing long enough to fix bayonets, I moved in the direction indicated by General Bowen's aide until I came up with General [M. E.] Green, who ordered me to move to the right to the support of the First Missouri Battery, which was in great danger. This I did promptly, forming in the rear of the battery. The battery men, being reassured by the appearance of the regiment, rushed with enthusiasm to their guns, and for an hour worded them with a celerity and a daring that I believe never has been surpassed during this war. The enemy poured volley after volley of shot, shell, grape, and canister upon us, but owing to a fortunate position I lost only 1 man (Lieutenant George C. Hubbard), who, being driven off, the battery retired from the field, having exhausted its ammunition. Just as the battery drove off, the enemy had moved around to the left, and were giving me an enfilading fire. I therefore changed my front to meet him, in the mean time sending a courier to General Green for further orders.

At this time our friends gave way and came rushing to the rear panic-stricken. I rushed to the front, and ordered them to halt, but they heeded neither my orders nor those of their commanders. I brought my regiment to the charge bayonets, but even this could not check them in their flight. The colors of three regiments passed through the Thirty-FIFTH. Both my officers and my men, undismayed, united with me in trying to cause them to rally. We collared them, begged them, and abused them in vain. At length I received orders from General Green to follow the battery. I accordingly moved out in rear of the Twelfth Louisiana, and at my urgent solicitation was permitted to rejoin the brigade.

Hoping this report MAY prove satisfactory to the general, I am, very respectfully,

EDWARD GOODWIN,

Colonel Thirty-FIFTH Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Captain THOMAS. M. CROWDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

