
Numbers 27. Report of Colonel Thomas M. Scott, twelfth Louisiana Infantry. JACKSON, MISS., MAY 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 16th instant, about 1 p. m., I was detached from your command, by order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton, to go to the right of General Green's brigade (then engaged) and attack a Federal force then attempting to turn General Green's right flank. Upon arriving on the ground, I found General Green's brigade (or at least the right of it) retiring from the field in great confusion. I immediately formed my kine at right angles to the line occupied by General Green's forces, and ordered my men forward. We were soon greeted with a heavy fire, which was returned with spirit. I ordered my men to fire, advancing, which they did with great steadiness and precision. I advanced to within 40 or 50 yards of a line of two regiments, when they retreated and formed on another line of three regiments posted in a strong position on the crest of the hill. They all soon opened a heavy fire on me, when, finding that the contest was too unequal, I determined to try cold steel. I caused the firing to cease, bayonets to be fixed, and ordered my men to make steady advance in line without yelling, that they might hear my commands; and never was an order more implicitly obeyed. We charged the entire brigade and caused them to flee in great confusion. I held the ground until ordered by you to join the brigade.

I here lost 5 killed and 34 wounded.

I did not consider it prudent to pursue the enemy, as a heavy line was advancing on my left flank-the same force that General Green had engaged. The sharpshooters had commenced firing on me from the left flank, when I changed front to rear on my first company, intending to fight the enemy if pursued. They did not move on me at all, so I joined your brigade any further engagement, brigade in the direction of Edwards Depot. We had not proceeded more than three-fourths of a mile when I heard firing in the rear. Your ordered me to form a line at right angles to the road, in an excellent position, and the remainder of the brigade retired to the rear of my line. They were hotly pressed by a force of the enemy's cavalry, preceded by dismounted skirmishers. I had my men concealed behind the crest of the hill, and allowed them to come within range, when I fired by rank upon them with great effect, causing them to retire precipitately.

I was now ordered by you to proceed to the main road leading to Edwards Depot, and take a good position, and hold it until you arrived with the brigade. I selected, but did not occupy, the position, as Major-General Stevenson ordered me to push on and cross Baker's Creek, some half a mile WEST of me. Upon arriving with my command at the creek I found General Stevenson, who told me that it was impossible to reach Edwards Depot, as it was in possession of the enemy, and that my command would have to pass under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, then shelling us, but over-shooting, and ordered me to join my brigade. I had proceeded but a few yards when he called to me to push through, as he had just heard that the enemy had not possession of Edwards Depot. I immediately started for that point, crossed Baker's Creek, and went half a mile in good range and under heavy fire of at least six

