
pieces of the enemy's artillery; but they over-shot us invariably, not one shot taking effect. After going from three-fourths to 1 mile WEST of Baker's Creek, I was overtaken by a courier from your ordering me to join the brigade immediately. I retraced my steps under a fire of several pieces of artillery. The enemy also opened a battery in the direction of Edwards Depot, and were moving a heavy column of infantry toward the bridge. The skirmishers commenced firing upon our straggler immediately in the rear of my regiment was the last command to cross Baker's Creek, and no other could have crossed without heavy fighting under disadvantages, as the enemy held the hills commanding the crossing, with a heavy force within supporting distance between Edwards Depot and Baker's Creek. I found your brigade moving to the south. I joined it some three-fourths of a mile from the creek. With its future movements your are familiar.

I cannot close, general, without paying a just tribute to the gallantry and unflinching courage of my officers and men. Where all did well special attention was only attracted by those holding conspicuous positions. Among those deserving honorable mention are Lieutenant Colonel Noel L. Nelson, major Thomas C. Standefer, Sergt. Major H. Brunner, and Color-Sergt. Eli Cole.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

THOS. M. SCOTT,

Colonel Twelfth Louisiana Regiment .

Brigadier-General BURFORD,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 28. Report of Brigadier General Winfield S. Featherston, c. S. Army, commanding THIRD Brigade. HEADQUARTERS FEATHERSTON'S BRIGADE. MAY 28, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to the order of Major-General Loring of this date, I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade on Baker's Creek, near Edwards Depot, on the 15th and 16th of this month:

On Friday, the 15th, about 3 o'clock in the morning the troops on the south side of Big Black River, encamped around Edwards Depot, were marched in the direction on Clinton, on the road leading from Edwards Depot to Clinton. Major-General Loring's DIVISION was in front, forming the right wing of the army. My brigade formed a part of this DIVISION. We were moved some 4 miles on this road in the direction of Clinton, crossing Baker's Creek on a bridge and then turning directly to the right on a cross-road leading to the main throughfare from Edwards Depot to Raymond. After reaching the main road from Edwards Depot to Raymond, Loring's DIVISION was halted for the night and bivouacked on the sides of the road. One regiment and five companies from a SECOND were placed on picket duty from my brigade during the night. The DIVISIONS of Generals Stevenson and Bowen were in the rear of General Loring's, and bivouacked for the night, one on the Clinton and Edwards Depot road, and the other between that and the Raymond and Edwards Depot road. The distance between these roads where our troops encamped was about 3 miles.

