
impossible for us to get through the swamp on this side of Big Black so as to strike the stream, anywhere below the bridge, unless we went as low down as Baldwin's Ferry. At this ferry we had no me ans of crossing the stream provided we could reach it without encountering a heavy column of the enemy. Upon consulting with General Buford and myself, general Loring determined to take the road to Crystal Springs and thence to Jackson as the safest and surest. Such seemed to be the opinion of all that were called into the consultation. The column was then moved forward all night on Saturday and all day on Sunday,

Sunday night it was halted near Crystal Springs and rested until 10 o'clock on Monday, when the march was continued by easy advances to this place. The march from the battle -field to Crystal Springs running through the entire night and day was a very hard and laborious one, but borne by the troops with fortitude and determination. I was then and am now of the opinion that-this DIVISION having been thrown in the rear and held there protecting the retreat until the enemy had gained possession of the ford on the Raymond road and of the bridge on the Clinton road-the only direction in which we could move so as to save the DIVISION, or at least to prevent great loss, was the road taken to Crystal Springs. To have attempted to march into our lines at Big Black without a guide, and without the means of crossing Big Black when we reached it, would have been very hazardous.

List of casualties in Featherston's brigade in the engagement on Baker's Creek on the 16th instant: John McCrossen, company D, twenty-SECOND Mississippi Regiment, mortally wounded; John Berry, company F, twenty-SECOND Mississippi Regiment, slightly wounded; Captain[R. H.]Crozier, thirty-THIRD Mississippi Regiment, captured and paroled.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. FEATHERSTON,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Major GEORGE McKNIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 29. Report of Major General Carter L. Stevenson, c. S. Army, commanding DIVISION. HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION, Demopolis, ALA., July 29, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my DIVISION from its advance from Vicksburg to the capitulation of the city. It has been delayed to this time by the constant of Vicksburg and by the march which followed its capitulation.

At about 5 p. m., on May 15, my DIVISION, being the rear of the army, left its position in line of battle near Edwards Depot, with the view of cutting the enemy's line of communication with his depot of supplies and forcing him to give us battle on our own ground. We reached the head of the column in bivouac on the Raymond road at 3 o'clock, and there halted for the night.

As sunrise I was summoned to appear at headquarters, where I was informed by the lieutenant-general commanding that he had received

