
Glenn; the Thirty-fourth Georgia, Colonel [J. A. W.]Johnson, and the Thirty-night Georgia, colonel [J. T.]McConnell), of Cumming's brigade. Lee's brigade (The Twentieth Alabama, colonel [Isham W.]Garrott; the Twenty-THIRD Alabama, Colonel [F. K.]Beck; the Thirtieth Alabama, colonel [Charles M.]Shelley; the Thirty -first Alabama, lieutenant-Colonel [T. M.] Arrington) occupied the center, and Barton's brigade (the Fortieth Georgia, Colonel [Abda] Johnson; the Forty-first Georgia, Colonel [William E.] Curtiss; the Forty-SECOND Georgia, Colonel [R. J.] Henderson; the Forty-THIRD Georgia, Colonel [Skidmore] Harris, and the FIFTY-SECOND Georgia, colonel [C. D.] Phillips) the left, the left resting on Baker's Creek, near the bridge. A portion of Captain [James F.] Waddell's battery was posted at the angle of the lines to defend the approaches by the Clinton and Raymond roads, and the remainder, with two pieces of Captain [J. W.]Johnston's battery, on the left of Cumming's brigade. Captain [S. J.]Ridley, with a portion of his battery, was on the left of Barton, as was also Captain [Max. Van D.] Corput's battery. My line, as will thus appear, was necessarily single, irregular, divided, and without reserves. Under the supposition that the army was to move forward in pursuance of the instructions given in the morning, this ground was not reconnoitered with a view to taking up a position for battle until we were on the move facing the enemy.

At about 10. 30 a. m. a DIVISION of the enemy, in column of brigades, attacked Lee and Cumming. They were handsomely met and forced back some distance, when they were re enforced, apparently by about three DIVISIONS, two so which moved forward to the attack and the THIRD continued its march toward the left, with the view of forcing it. The enemy now made a vigorous attack in three lines upon the whole front. They were bravely met, and for a long time the unequal conflict was maintained with stubborn resolution. But this could not last. Six thousand five hundred men could not hold permanently in check four DIVISIONS, numbering, from their own statements, about 25,000 men; and finally, crushed by overwhelming numbers, my right gave way and was pressed back upon the two regiments covering the Clinton and Raymond roads, where they were in part rallied. Encouraged by this success, the enemy redoubled his efforts and pressed with the utmost vigor along my line, forcing it back.

At this time (about 2. 30 p. M.)Bowen's DIVISION of Missouri and Arkansas troops, general Green on the right and Colonel [F. M.] Cockrell on the left, arrived, gallantly charged the enemy, supporty a portion of Cumming's and Lee's brigaded, and drove them back beyond the original line.

In the mean time the enemy had continued his movement to our left, and fell upon Barton in overwhelming numbers. He charged them gallantly, but was forced back, and the enemy, following up his advantage, cut him off entirely from the rest of the DIVISION.

It was here that the lamented Major [Joseph W.] Anderson, my chief of artillery, fell, in the fearless discharge of his duty. In the very front of battle the brave soldier, the noble gentleman, met his death.

Here, too, the gallant Ridley, refusing to leave his guns, single-handed and alone fought until he fell, pierced with six shots, winning even from his enemies the highest tribute of admiration.

Nothing could protect the artillery horses from the deadly fire of the enemy. Almost all were killed, and along my whole line the pieces, thought fought with a desperation on the part of both officers and men which I cannot praise too highly, almost all fell into the hands of the enemy. In this manner the guns of Coprut's and Johnston's batteries

