
and Waddell's section were lost. Double-shotted, they were fired until in many instances the swarms of the enemy were in among them. Officers and men stood by them to the very latest moment that they could be served, and to Captains Corput and Johnston and Lieutenant [T. Jeff.] Bates, their subordinate officers and men, I desire to return the thanks which their gallantry has made their due. On the extreme right the guns under the immediate command of Captain Waddell were fought and lost in the same manner, but retaken by the Missourians. This brave officer, assisted by Lieu. G. D. Wise, ordnance officer, fought one of them with his own hands until Bowen, too, retired.

Early in the day the Forty-SECOND Regiment of Georgia Volunteers (Colonel [R. J.] Henderson, of Barton's brigade) had been sent to hold the bridge over Baker's Creek. Barton now moved to this point, held it for a time, and finally crossed and took up position near Edwards Depot, which he held until nearly dark. Here he was joined by many officers and men of Cumming's brigade, who when driven from their position by the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, had retired by the same route he took.

The two regiments of Cumming's brigade which I have before mentioned were kept on the Clinton and Raymond roads; and, thus separated from their brigade, joined Green's brigade, of Bowen's DIVISION in the charge upon the enemy, and remained with them until they retired. When re-enforced by Bowen's DIVISION and the enemy were being driven, I informed the lieutenant-general of the fact, and asked that Loring's DIVISION might be sent up at once.

The attack of Bowen's DIVISION upon the enemy was made about 2. 30 p. m. During the attack of the Missourians, and when the enemy were pressing back our left, thus re-enforced, I met the lieutenant-general on the field, and stated to him that unless Loring's DIVISION was brought up we could not hold the field. He replied that it had been repeatedly ordered to come forward, and that he would go in person and hasten their movement.

About 4 p. m. Buford's brigade, of Loring's DIVISION, arrived, but not until the enemy had taken possession of the Raymond road and turned upon him two captured batteries. Several pieces of Withers' artillery from a ridge nearly opposite opened a brisk fire and soon silenced them.

About this time I received orders from the lieutenant-general commanding to withdraw the troops in order to Big Black Bridge. I dispatched this order to my brigade commanders, and seeing that our right and rear were exposed, I immediately went in that direction in order to ascertain if, as had been reported to me, the enemy were making a movement to cut us off by the route which we were about take. On my return I found that Major-General Loring had arrived, and that the troops were retiring in good order-Lee with his brigade, and that portion of my DIVISION which had not been forced to move by the bridge, followed by the two brigades of Loring. Bowen having passed by a route a short distance to the right.

On my arrival (about sunset) at the ford on Baker's Creek, I found that the enemy had crossed the bridge above, and were advancing artillery in the direction of the road on which we were moving/One battery had already taken position and was playing on the road, but at right angles and with too long a range to prevent the passage of troops. Here I found on the WEST side the brigades of General Green and Colonel [f. M.] Cockrell, of Bowen's DIVISION, who had there halted and taken up position to hold the point until Loring's DIVISION could cross. I found Colonel [Thomas M.] Scott, of the Twelfth Louisiana Regiment,

