
Re-enforcements (Bowen's DIVISION) arrived at about 2. 30 p. m. Loring's DIVISION did not arrive in time to engage the enemy. The three brigades of my DIVISION engaged were about 6,500 strong. The strength of the enemy, according to their statements, was more than four times that number. The non-arrival of re-enforcements for my DIVISION early in the day, in my opinion, was mainly the cause of our failure. As to the reason therefor it is not for me to express an opinion here. *

* * * * * * *

It was the fortune of Brigadier-General Lee to open and bear the brunt of the battle of Baker's Creek, on which occasion he had three horses shot under him, and give the splendid repulse, which he did, to the only decided assault of the enemy upon my line at Vicksburg. To Colonel Reynolds, as I have before stated, was intrusted the duty of carrying off the trains of the entire army on the day of the battle of Baker's Creek-a charge which he performed with the efficiency and fidelity which was to be expected of an officer of his skill and experience. Without an exception, during the bloody day of Baker's Creek and during the memorable siege of Vicksburg the field officers of my command behaved with a gallantry and zeal which won my unqualified admiration and esteem.

It is with deep regret that I record the loss, in the battle of the 16th, of Colonel Skid. Harris, forty-THIRD Georgia Regiment. He was killed at the head of his regiment.

I am under obligations to Major H. Evans, captain E. R. Smith, and Lieutenant George D. Wise (who, by the recent change of commanders in their brigades, were temporarily without assignment) for their services on the field of Baker's Creek. Much against their wishers, major H. M. Mathews, ordnance officer, and R. Orme, assistant quartermaster, of my own staff, were left in Vicksburg when the DIVISION advanced to ments could not be dispensed with there.

Pre-eminently distinguished throughout the action of Baker's Creek, especially for his indefatigable efforts in rallying the broken regiments and taking then again into action, was my chief of staff, Major J. J. Reeve. For his active assistance to me on that occasion, and the gallant and intelligent discharge of his duties day and night during the siege of Vicksburg, I am greatly indebted to him.

Major [H.] Webb, my inspector-general, rendered most important services in superintending the removal and securing the safety of the large train that followed the army to the creek.

Captain J. W. Mathews, acting assistant adjutant-general; Chief Surg. H. M. Compton, and Lieutenant [Henry T.] Botts, aide-de-camp (whose horse was shot under him at Baker's Creek), were prompt, daring, and energetic in the discharge of their duties.

Colonel G. A. Hayward, aide-de-camp, has my sincere thanks for the many important services he has rendered me. Always ready for the discharge of duty, he was distinguished for his gallantry on the field of Baker's Creek, and after the investment of the city bore important information.

Mr. D. E. Norris, telegraph operator, and Private A. T. Sullivan, my secretary, accompanied me upon the field of Baker's Creek and rendered important services.

Accompanying, please find a tabular statement of the casualties of my DIVISION in the different actions,&amp;c., in which it participated up to

---------------

*Portion of report here omitted appears under the "Siege of Vicksburg", pp. 343-349.

---------------

