
As to officers among your prisoners permit all to return to their homes who willingly sign a writtern general parole in these words:

We and each of us for himself severally pledge our words of honor as officers and gentlemen that we will not again take up arms against the United States nor serve in any military capacity whatsoever against them until regularly discharged according to the usages of war from this obligation.

But you will except from this privilege all officers among your prisoners who have recently been officers of the U. S. Arm or Navy and who you may have reasobn to believe left either with the intent of bearing arms against the United States. The captured officers of this description you will send to Fort McHenry.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 15, 1861.

Lieutenant E. G. PARROTT,

Commanding U. S. Brig Perry, Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: I received through Flag-Officer Stringham a copy of your report of the capture of the privatter Savannah by the U. S. Brig Perry under your command. The ability and energy displayed in overhauling under adverse circumstances and capturing the Savannah reflect credit on yourself and the officers and men under your command.

You will make known to the officers and crew of the Perry the Department's admiration and appreciation of their service.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[JULY 15, 1861. -For correspondence between Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, and Brigadier General Henry R. Jackson, C. S. Army, regarding the disposition of Confederate prisoners in Western Virginia, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. II, pp. 250-253.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 15, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs me to say that Major-General McClellan by several recent victories has taken a large number of prisoners. He has been instructed to release the privates who will take an oath and the officers who will give a parole not to serve against the United States unless regularly released from their obligation. The officers, however, who are known or supposed to have recently resigned from the Army or Navy of the United States with the intention of entering the ranks of the rebels are to be sent prisoners to Fort McHenry.

After the arrival of these prisoners the general desires you to send them together with Marshal. Kane and the police commissioners who are in arrest and such political prisoners as may not be under indictment by the civil authority to Fort Lafayette, harbor of New York, in an armed steamer and under a sufficient guard. A permanent guard will be ordered to the fort in time to receive the prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

