
Question. How far is sobriety a necessary quality?

Answer. That is required.

Question. How far is honesty requisite?

Answer. That also. He ha to give security as regards conduct.

Question. You knew him in his occupation and profession as a

pilot?

Answer. Yes, sir; for many years.

Question. What did people generally say of him who knew him?

Answer. I never heard anything spoken against him.

Question. How was he reputed generally; how did he stand with his neighbors, with those who knew him?

Answer. They all seeemed to like him well.

Questiom. He was a peaceable, quiet man?

Answer. Yes, sir. He was connected with the vessels of Northern men more than those of Southern men. There are more Northern and European vessels in those waters than Southern vessels.

Question. Were you acquainted with his family in Savannah?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Had he parents or grandparents living?

Mr. KELLEY. He had them some time no doubt.

The WITNESS. I think they lived in South Carolina.

Mr. WHARTON. I do not want to go too far, but to show that the man had connections there.

The WITNESS. I knew a Mrs. Smith, on Sullivan's Island, S. C., who is either his aunt of his grandmother.

No cross examination.

Mr. HARRISON. We are through with our oral testimony, but I understood your honors to allow us until tomorrow to make a note of the various documents to be referred to.

Judge GRIEG. I suppose so far as matters of history are concerned such as the dates of the various sucession acts of the States you can take them from any book you please.

Mr. WHARTON. We should like to put these matters in as evidence so that the history may be fixed here.

Judge GRIEG. Make a brief in writting of the documents you want in and hand it to us in the morning? Have we the case on both

sides?

Judge CADWALADER. Is there any rebutting testimony for the prosecution?

Mr. ASHTON. No, sir.

The court adjourned till tomorrow.

THURSDAY, October 24, 1861.

Mr. Harrison offered the list of documents alluded to yesterday, viz: Proclamation of marque and reprisal of Confederacy States; the Constitution of the Confederate States; the inaugural address of President Davis; a synopsis of the C. S. Army bill; the secession ordinances of South Carolina, Alabamas, Georgia, Lousiana, Florida, Mississippi, Texas, Virginia, Tennessee, Arkansas and Morth Carolina respectively; the act of the Confederate Congress of May 6, 1861, recognizing a state of war between the United States and the Confederate States; President Davis' message to the Confederate Congress, ASpril 29, 1861, instructions for privatters by order of the

