
On the 28th of October Thomas Quigley, Edward Rochford and Daniel Millungs, of the crew of the Jeff. Davis, were arraigned on the charge of piracy and pleaded " not guilty. " A jury was impaneled and the trial continued till 6 o'clock the next day when they were found guilty.

On the 29th of October the case of Eben Lane, the only remaining prisoner of the crew of the Jeff. Davis, was submitted to the jury without any evidence on the part of the Government and he was found not guilty. It was alleged that Lane who had charge of steering the Enchantrees as one of the prize crew steered south in daytime and north by night when he was not observed, thereby keeping her longer on the ocean and conducing to her capture.

GENERAL ORDERES, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 90. Washington, October 23, 1861.

The following plan for paying to the families of officers an soldiers in the service of the United States who are or may become prisoneres of war sums due them by the Government having been approved by the President it is published for the information of all concerned:

Payment will be made to persons presenting a written authority from a prisoner to draw his pay; of without such authority to his wife, the guardian of his minor children or his vidowed mother in the order named.

Application for such pay must be made to the senior paymaster of the district in which the regiment of the prisoner is serving, and must be accompanied by the certificate of a judge of a court of the United States, of a ditrict attorney of the United States or of some other party under the seal of a court of record of the State in which the applicant is a resident setting forth that the said applicant is the wife of the prisoner, the guardian of his children or his widowed mother, and if occupying either of the last two relationships toward him that there is no one in existence who is more nearly related according to the above classification.

Payments will be made to parties authorized and indetified on their receipts made out in the manner that would be required of the prisoner himself, at least one month's pay being in all cases retained by the United States. The officer making the payment will see that it is entered on the last previous muster - roll for the payment of the prisoner's company, or will report if those rolls are not in his possession to the senior paymaster of the district, who will either attend to the entry or give notice of the payment to the Paymaster - General if the rolls have been forwarded to his office.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 284. Washington, October 23, 1861.

* * * * * * *

2. Lieutenant Colonel William Hoffman, Eighth Infantry, is detailed for duty as Commissary - General of Prisoners, and will report to the Quartemaster - General for instructions. This detail dates from the 7th instant.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant - General.

