
have submitted. In all that is done the strictest econony consistend with security and proper welfare of the prisoners must be observed. For the present you will establish your headquarter in New York City, and you will make such visits to the different posts where prisoners are now held as may be necessary to ascertain their condition, and supply their immediate wants in such things as are indispensably necessary. As far as practicable they must be required to furnish their own clothing, and to provide themselves the means for this purpose t hey may be permitted to engage in any occupation which they can make profitable and which will not interfere with their safe - keeping. The regulations describe the treatment and the allowance of prisoners. For any issue not provided in their regulations the authority of the Secretary of war will be necessary. The quartemaster assigned to you will under your direction make requisitions for the necessary funds.

Trusting much to your discretion and knowledge, and believing that your appointment will alleviate the hardship of confinement to these erring men,

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servan,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartemaster - General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 29, 1861.

His Excellency Governor DENNISON, Governor of Ohio.

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will raise for the service of the United States a select company of volunteers for duty as a guard for the depot for prisoners of war about to be established near Sanducky, Ohio. Lieutenant - Colonel Hoffman, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army, an officer of long experience, has been detailed as Commissary. General of Prisoners and will take command of the depot. It is therefore desired that you will afford Colonel Hoffman an opportunitu for consultation with you in regard to the appointment of the officers and the selection of the men necessary for the execution of this important trust.

I am, sir, with very great respect,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 29, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army, Numbers 30 Clinton Place, N. Y.

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of the 26th instant I am directed to say that a requisition has been made on the Government of Ohio for a select company of volunteers for service as a guard for the depot of prisoners of war near Sanducky and that he has been requested to confer with you in regard to the appointement of officers and the selection of men for this important trust. In accordance with your request authority is granted to you to provode such clothing and bedding as may be absolutely necessary for the comfort and health of the prisoners.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.

