
respectively to J. C. Barnes, A. F. Smith, and John R. Heywood; the other package contains letter for prisoners and others in the South.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major - General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 5, 1861.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Commanding, Fort Monroe.

GENERAL: You will on receipt of this letter adopt such meassures as may be necessary to send a staff officer with a flag of truce across the lines to ascertain from the enemy whether they will permit supplies of clothing, blankets and other articles to be sent to our men now prisoners of war. please report results at the earliest date practicable.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

FORT HAMILTON, November 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SIR: Colonel dimick, commanding Fort Warren, says the prisoners now at his post are very much in want of the furniture used by them and furnished by the Government at Fort Lafayette. Shall I send it?

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant - Colonel, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 6, 1861.

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge - Advocate.

MAJOR: Your letter of this date in relation to the case of Washington Barrow has ben duly received. In reply I have to inform you that Mr. Barrow was not arrested upon orders from this Department, and in regard to his application for a parole the Secretary of State suggests that it would be well to consult His Excellency Andrew Johnson, military governor of Tennessee, by whom it is undertsood the arrest was made.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD.

CURWENSVILLE, CLEARFIELD COUNTY, PA.,

Novembe 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: A good deal is being said in the county in relation to the course pursued by the Government at Washington in the matter of the excharge of prisoners with the rebels or Confederates or whatever they may be called. Public opinion dimands some other course and will expect some method - some plan adopted by which as excharge can be made. If you can conquer the rebels, crush the rebellion, the acknowledgment of the Confederacy so far as to get an excharge would amount to nothing; on the othe hand if you cannot whip them your refusal to excharge would none the less prevent them from obtaining the end sought - their separation from the Union. Only conquer

