
the rebels and all these acknowledgment go for nothing. The trial in Philadelphia of these men seems like a farce. See Judge Grieg in the slip inclosed.

I have a son who raised a company here and is captain of the same, now in Colonel Biddle's regiment Pennsylvania Reserve. I have other friends and relatives in the same regiment none of [whom are] yet prisoners, or were not up to the latest dates I have. Yet I feel for those of our Army, no matter who they may be or from what State, who are now suffering in Southern prisons and who risked their lives and liberty in support of a Government that up to tis time has made no effort to have them restored to their homes and friends. I do nost sincerely hope that the Government will at once take the most direct course to get an excharge.

Forms, ceremonies, red tape and circumlocution amount to nothing. Whip the rebels and your excharge of prisoners will not avail them any as an acknowledgment. If you don't whip them your refusal to excharge will in no way benefit you nor encourage the hearts or strengthen the hands of those who are now fighting the battles of the Union.

Very respectfully, yours,

WM. IRVIN.

P. S. - It is my opinion that so ong as this Government will hold reunion with slavery and return slaves to bondage we cannot prosper in this war. Cut loose then from the accursed thing as soon as possible.

Yours,

W. I.

{Inclosure - Extract from the Philadelphia Bulletin.]

Mr. Ashton, assistant U. S. district attorney, called the case fro trial, when Mr. Harrison, counsel for the prisoners, stated that he had understood from Mr. Ashton that the cases would not be called for trial until Monday next. On the fiath of that understanding no preparation had been made for the trial. Another reason in favor of a postponement was that Mr. Wharton was engaged in the other courts and could not be present.

Mr. Ashton was disposed to press the case, whereupon Judge Gieg said he did not feel inclined to consent to have the regular business of the court interrupted at this time by the trials of these prisoners when no good result could be effected. It seemed it him like a farce to try these men at this time while the country was plunged in a civil war. The dictates of humanity would counsel the Government or its representatives to treat its captives in sea the same as those taken on land. He could not understand why men taken on the sea were to he hanged while those captured on land were to be held as prisoners or released.

Let the rebellion be crushed and God grant that it may be speedily and then these men might be tried for treason or piracy and he would assist no matter how much they call him a Jeffeys or a Scroggs.

The counsel for the Government gave notice that the cases would be taken up for trial on Monday next.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War of the United States.

DEAR SIR: I ask that you will allow me to go to my home in North Carolina upon my parole not to bear arms against the United States

