
Government until discharged by this Government from the pledge by excharge or otherwise.

I am major of the Seventh [Seventeenth] Regiment Infantry North Carolina Volunteers. The period of my enlistment was for twelve months an dexpires on the 3rd of May next. I will undertaken to procure the disrisoner of my rank now held by the Southern Government. I did not leave my own State to do military service, but was stationed at my own solicitation upon our coars. My anxious desire to be with sorrowing wife and only infant son alone induces this application.

Most respectfully,

H. A. GILLIAM.

[NOVEMBER 7, 1861. - For correspondence between Generals' Stone and Evans relative to flag of truce for benefit of wounded Union prisoner at Leesburg, see Series I, VOL. V, pp. 305-307.]
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, November 8, 1861.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

COLONEL: In accordance with derictions from the Secretary of War the General - in - Chief desires you to forward a list of 250 names of prisoners of war now confined at Fort Warren, from which selection may be made with a view to thei release on parole. The list will embrace officers as well as privates and will be made from the most feeble and infirm and from those who have families dependent upon them for support.

It will be proper not to make known the substance of this communication until final decision is made on the subject, of which you will be duly advised.

I am, colonel, &amp;c.,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant - Adjutant - General.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, November 8, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boaton, Mass.

COLONEL: The General - in Chief directs that you prepare and transmit to this office a roll of the prisoners of war in your charge, giving beside the name the rank, probable age and physical condition - whether robust or otherwise - of each individual and any other facts which might influence the Department in selection persons to be released or excharged.

I am, &c.,

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, &C.,Fort Monroe, Va., November 8, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk.

SIR: It is desirable and the request of many of the friends of the prisoners of the United States at Richmond to send them clothing, blankets and other artickes necessary for their comfort. Will you do

