
place, mariner, Henry Cashman Howard, late of the same place, mariner, Joseph Cruz del Cano, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Oman, late of same place, mariner, Patrick Daly, late of the same place, mariner. William Charles Clark, late of the same place, mariner, Albert Gallatin Ferris, late of the same place, mariner, Richard Palmer, late of the same place, mariner, John Murphy, late of the same place, mariner, Alexander Carter Coid, late of the same place, mariner, Alexander Carter Coid, late of the same place, mariner, and Martin Galvin, late of the same place, mariner, on the 3rd day of June, A. D. 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the said United States of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, did with force and arms piratically, feloniously and violently set upon, board, break and enter a certain vessel, to wit, a brig called the Joseph, the same being then and there owned in whole or in party by a citizen or citizens of the United States of America whose name or names are to the jurors aforesaid unknown, and did then and there in and on board of the said brig, the Joseph, in and upon one Thies N. Meyer, then and there being a mariner, and then and there one of the ship's company of the said brig, the Joseph, and then and there master and commander thereof, and in and upon Horace W. Bridges, Albert Nash, William H. Clanning, John J. Merritt, John Quin and Joseph H. Golden, each then and there being a mariner and one of the ship's company of the said brig, the Joseph, piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault, and them did then and there piratically, feloniously and violently put in personal fear and danger of their lives, and did then and there the brig, the said Joseph, of the value of $3,000, and the tackle, apparel and furniture thereof of the value of $500, and 250 hogsheads of sugar of the value of $100 each hoghead of the goods, chattels and perf certain persons whose names are to the jurors aforesaid unknown, the said 250 hogsheads of sugar being then and there in and on board of the said brig and being then and there the lading thereof, and the said brig, the tackle, apparel and furniture thereof and the said 250 hogsheads of sugar being then and there in the care, custody and possession of the said Thies N. Meyer, Horace W. Bridges, Albert Nash, William H. Clanning, John J. Merritt, John Quin and Joseph H. Golden, from the said possession, care and custody, and in their presence and against their will, violently, piratically and feloniously seize, rob, steal, take and carry away against the form of the statute of the said United States of America in such case made and provided, and against the peace of the said United States and their dignity.

Second count. - And the jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid do further present: That Thomas Harrison Baker, late of the city and county of New York, in the district and circuit aforesaid, mariner, and John Harleston, late of the same place, mariner, Charles Sidney Passailaigue, late of the same, mariner, Henry Cashman Howard, late of the same place, mariner, Joseph Cruz del Cano, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Oman, late of the same place, mariner, Patrick Daly, late of the same place, mariner, William Charles Clark, late of the same place, mariner, Albert Gallatin Ferris, Late of the same place, mariner, Richard Palmer, late of the same place, mariner, John Murphy, late of the sam place, mariner, Alexander Carter Coid, late of the same place, mariner, and Martin Galvin, late of the same place, mariner, on the 3rd day of June, A. D. 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the admiralty and

