
3. Colonel Corcodan, Sixty - ninth New York State Militia.

4. Colonel Woodruff, Second Kentucky Regiment.

5. Colonel Willcox, First Michigan Regiment.

6. Colonel Wood, Fourteenth New York State Militia, Brooklyn.

They were places fairly in a tin or ballot box, a cap covering it, and then well shaken. The drawer appointed by the general was the Honorable Alfred Ely, M. C., of Rochester, N. Y. It so happened that the said lot fell on Michael Corcoran, colonel of the Sixty - ninth Regiment New York State Militia, now at Castle Pinckney, near Charleston, S. C. Then the other five colonels were to stand with others next in rank to them against and in lieu of the other thirteen under trial for piracy, ald also to be dealt with accodingly. The officers next in rank to make up the thirteen are:

Major Potter, Thirty - eighth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant - Colonel Neff, Second Kentucky Volunteers.

Major Revere, Twentieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers. L

Lieutenant - Colonel Bowman, Eighth Pennsylvania.

Major Vogdes, First U. S. Artillery.

Then out from among the captains were drawn three to make up the thirteen the drawing done by Mr. Ely. It happened that the first three drawn from the box were these:

1. Captain McQuaide, Thirty - eighth New York Regiment - not expected to survive wounds received at the battle of Manassas.

2. Captain Rockwood, Fifteenth Massachusetts.

3. Captain Ricketts, First U. S. Artillery. He still lies in a critical condition since the 22nd of July in one of the hospitals here. His wife has been his attendant ever since she could get to him.

It was emphatically stated that whatever course was taken with those thirteen pirates by our Government the same course would be followed in dealing with those selected in this way, so that we wait inpatiently to know the fate of cur brother officers.

I remain, yours, most respectfully,

JOHN WHYTE,

First Lieutenant, Seventy - ninth Regiment New York State Militia.

NOVEMBER 12 - 10 a. m.

P. S. - General Winder has just come to the prison and called the captains, eleven in number, and balloted two out from them in place of the two whom I have mentioned as not fit to be removed from the hospital to the prison cells. The two drawn heppened to be:

1. Captain Keffer, Company H, First California Regiment, Philadelphia.

2. Captain. Bowman, Company E, Fifteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Preparations are being made to put the selected in the cells of the county prisons. We trust there will be no hanging and we are all in pretty good spirits.

U. S. FLAG - SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, November 12, 1861.

Major - General HUGER,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: On the 29th ultimo Lieutenant Albert Kautz, U. S. Navy, being a prisoner at Richmond, was kindly granted a parole of fifty days by the

