
Confederate authorities for the purpose of effecting an excharge, pledging himself to return as a prisoner if he failed to accomplish the object.

I have now under my control several individuals formerly lieutenants in the U. S. Navy, * held in custody I suppose because of their desire to join the Confederate cause, an among them is Mr. Henry K. Stevens, of South Carolina, whom you may know from the fact of his having married a daughted of General Totten. I beg to suggest to you that he may be received in place of Lieutenant Kautz. If you agree to this I will send Mr. Stevens to you forthwith. Furthermore I beg to say to you that Lieutenant Sharp, of your service, is also now under my control and at hand. If you will assure me that Lieutenant Worden shall be sent to me without delay and without exaction I will release Lieutenant Sharp unconditionally without waiting for the arrival of Lieutenant Worden and send him to you by a flag of truce.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag Officer, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 138. Washington, November 12, 1861.

I. In compliance with Special Orderes, Numbers 170, of the 12th ultimo from the Headquarters of the Army, the following named prisoners now confined in the Old Capitol will be sent with as little delay as practicable to Fort McHenry and thence to Old Point Comfort, Va., from which place they are to be forwarded throught the lines under a flag of truce. Brigadier General Andrew Porter, provost - marshal, will furnish a suitable guard for the prisoners to Fort McHenry, and the Quartemster's Department will provide the necessary transportation for the execution of this order. +

* * * * * * *

By command of Major - General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant - General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 13, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In obedience to the instructions contained in yours of the 8th ultimo I have the honor to forward herewith a roll ++ of 250 prisoners of war. To make out this list I have with care selected the sick, feeble and infirm; secondly, the Mained, and lastly the boys or young men far under age. I have included Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Tyler, Confederate sevice. He tells me he was considered e and treated as a prisoner of was until he arrived at Fort Lafayette. The list furnished me by that post does not give the reason for the confinement of the prisoners but

---------------

* Lieutenant H. K. Stevens, of South Carolina, Lieutenant Benjamin P. Loyall, of Virginia, Walker R. Butt, of Virginia, H. H. Dalton, of North Carolina - on frigate Congress, off Newport News.

---------------

+ Nominal list of thirty - seven names, all soldiers except one civilian, omitted.

++ Omitted.

