
is merely headed as a " List of prisoners. " Accompanying this communicaiton you will please find thee certificate * of Dr. Peters stating that Colonel Tyler is in very feeble health.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,November 13, 1861.

Flag - Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlanticc Blockading Squadron.

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 12th instant. As the Secretary of War has authorized me in his letter of October 16 (a copy of which has beens ent you) to exhcarge Lieutenant Worden for Lieutenant Sharp I will send Lieutenant Worden to you as soon as he is placed at my disposal.

I telegraphed last evening to the Secretary of War requesting Lieutenant Worden might be sent to me at once, as the Secretary proposed in his letter above referred to.

If you will allow Lieutenant Sharp to come here at once as you so politely offer I will retain him here until the arrival of Lieutenant Worden and make the excharge on perfectly equal terms without any conditions or exactions whatever.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major - General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,November 13, 1861.

Flag - Office L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Sqadron.

SIR: I will refer your letter of the 12th instant to my Government for instructions concerning the exhcarge of Lieutenant Albert kautz. As this Government has on all occasions been ready to excharge prisoners of fair terms according to the usages of civilized nations I have no doubt they will accept your proposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major - General, Commanding Department.

U. S. FLAG - SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, November 13, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: I am nt instructed of authorized by my Government to make a formal excharge of prisoners on any terms. What I propose to you in my letter of yesterday in relation to Lieutenant Sharp was that if you would assure me that Lieutenant Worden should be sent to me

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

