
lumber will cost more than I expected will give a total cost of less than $ 28, 000, and there can be little doubt that $ 30, 000 will cover all contingencies. I inclose also a plan * of the arrangement of the buildings on the ground. In the two lines of buildings for prisoners there are sites for two additional buildings for officers and two for soldiers besides ground for a third line if more room shoud be required. A site is also selected for the commanding officer's quarters if it should be thought advisable to order a major to command, as I think will be found to be absolutely necessary, and a site for another building if more quaarters shoud be required for the guard. The one block to be erected for the guard will quarter two companies of eighty - four men each. The plat contains only part of the cleared ground and is less than one - third of the land leased. Much of the lumber is already on the ground and the work is progressing rapidly. The contractors are energetic, reliable men and will complete the work in the least possible time. I gave them till February 1 because circumstances might render it beyond their power to fulfill the contract in less time but I am satisfied if the weather is favorable they will do it within that time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, November 15, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I would respectfully report the following names * of Company H. First California Regiment, U. S. Volunteers, Colonel Baker commanding as having been taken prisoners at the late engagement at Ball's Bluff, near Leesburg, on the 21st of October last, making 2 commissioned officers and 40 non - commissioned officers and privates that are here as prisoners belonging to my company.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. KEFFER,

Captain, Commanding Company H, First California Regiment, U. S. Vols.

P. S. - I would state that I have been selected in connection with twelve other officers as hostages for the crew of the privateers Savannah, to be treated as persons accused of infamous crimes and to received the same punishment they receive. We (the hostages) have been removed from the building where the prisoners of war are confined and placed in the country jail.

Very respectfully, yours,

FRANCIS L. KEFFER,

Captain.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, November 16, 1861.

General THOMAS:

General Mitchel had ordered improvements and a permanent extension to the establishment for prisoners of war at Camp Chase which must occasion considerable expenditure. The work is in progress. I report for the information of the Department.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

