
As you state " the proposition for you to receive Mr. Stevens for Lieutenant Kautz was made entirely on my own responsibility and without even the knowledge of my Government" I cheerfully withdraw such portions of my letter as hold them responsible for it. I have acted under the express instructions of my Government and can only release their prisoners of war on such terms as they prescribe. As far as I am individually concerned I am as you express yourself " not only willing but really anxious" to release such as I have authority to dispose of

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major - General, Commanding.

U. S. FLAG - SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, Va., November 22, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Agreeably to what is now fully understood between us I send you today by flag of truce Mr. H. K. Stevens without pledge or parole, to be received in place of Lieutenant Kautz, U. S. Navy. Will you be good enough to acknowledge this transaction in

writing? Mr. B. P. Loyall having signed a written pledge to the effect that he will return to me as prisoners within fifty days unless Lieutenant George L. Selden, U. S. Navy, is delivered to me in the meantime without pledge or parole I send him also to you by the same opportunity.

I am ready to meet you at your earliest convenience in the cases of Messrs. Butt and Dalton. It will affod me a pleasure when the moment arrives that I can restore them to their liberty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag - Officer North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. SHIP CUMBERLAND,

Newport News, November 22, 1861.

I, B. P. Loyall, hereby pledge my sacred honor to return as a prisoner to the senior officer of the Navy of the United State commanding at Hampton Roads within fifty days from this time unless in the meanwhile Lieutenant George L. Selden, U. S. Navy, is delivered up to said senior officer without pledge or parole by Major General Benjamin Huger or some other competent authority at Norfolk, Va.

B. P. LOYALL.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 22, 1861.

I send this copy of the pledge signed by Mr. Loyall to General Huger in order that he may have a full and clear understanding of the whole matter.

Most respectfully,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag - officer.

U. S. FLAG - SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, November 23, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department, &c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: I beg to suggest to you for your consideration that Captain Ricketts, U. S. Army, now at Richmond a prisoner and as I understand

