
suffering seriously from a wound, may be sent to me without pledge or parole with the understanding that I will send to you in his place Mr. Walter R. But, late a lieutenant in the U. S. Navy. I make this proposition entirely in my own responsibility and under the belief and hope that it may be agreeable to you. If you will accept it I will place Mr. Butt at your disposal forthwith on conditions similar to those asked of Mr. Loyall yesterday, without waiting for Captain Ricketts' appearance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag - Officer, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

BALTIMORE, November 25, 1861.

Colonel T. A. SCOTT, Assistant Secretary:

The adams Express Company will convey from any of the Northern cities to Fortress Monroe free of charge any blankets or other articles intended to be sent by the Government to parties held as prisoners of war in the South. We shall be pleased to be put in communication with the proper officer on this subject.

S. M. SHOEMAKER,

Superintendent Adams Express

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 102. Washington, November 25, 1861.

* * * * * * * *

II. The Secretary of War directs that all officers and enlisted men of the volunteer service now prisoners in the hands of the enemy or reported as missing in action, or that may be hereafter taken prisoners or report missing in action, be transferred to skeleton regiments to be formed by the Governors of the respective States and to consist entirely of such prisoners and missing officers and men. The vacancies thus occasioned in the organized regiments will be filled by the Governors of the various States to which the regiments belong.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major - General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.

GENERAL HOSPITAL, Richmond, Va., November 25, 1861.

ADJUTANT - GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington.

SIR: It has been suggested to me by persons interested in my wounded condition, and a prisoner since the 21st of July, that my release can probably be effected and that I can be permitted to return to the North should Captain de Lagnel, now a prisoner at Fort Warren, Boston, be also released, both of us being of the same rank, wounded, and of the same arm of service. May I aks your earliest consideration and reference to the proper authorities?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Captain, First Artillery, U. S. Army.

