
FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 25, 1861.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant - General, Washington,

SIR: In obedience to the indorsement on the compaint sent to me under date of the 22d* I have to report the sick prisoners as comfortable as they could be made in any army hospital. It is true for one day after their arrival that they had not the comforts needed in consequence of the bedding not accompanying the prisoners, but the next day the mayor of Boston supplied everything necessary for their comfort until arrival of the hospital stores from New York. Doctor Peters complained of the newspaper reports respecting the sick and wished to contradict them under his own signature but I advised him not to notice them. The prisoners of war have been well quartered from the day they landed; very soon bunks were put in their rooms and they think that everything has been done for their comfort. I never heard a complaint from any one of them. They seem to be in better health than when they arrived owing to the pleasant weather. I must say that many of them appeared to have feeble constitutions. The bedding of the prisoners of state was retained at Fort Lafayette; this caused some inconvenience to them, but now they are supplied with everuthing needed for their comfort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

QUARTERMASTERS - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 25, 1861.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department Virginia, Fort Monroe, Va.

GENERAL: I have directed Colonel Vinton to send to the quartemaster at Fortress Monroe 2, 000 suits of infantry clothing, including underclothing, shoes, overcoats, blankets and forage caps, for the prisoners held by the rebel Government. As many of the prisoners are respresented to be in great suffering from the want of clothing please have it forwarded under cover of the first flag of truce after it comes into the hands of your quartemaster. The funds to pay the freight should also be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. NEIGS,

Quartemaster - General.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., November 25, 1861.

Flag - Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st instant inclosing the will of the late Lieutenant John B. Steward, U. S. Navy. Commodore [G. C.] Read states he inclosed a letter from Lieutenant Steward to his sister. No such letter was inclosed. Will you please inquire of Commodore Real for it? The name and address of his sister are not given in any of the papers; I have written to Raleigh to inquire about her.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

