
Harrison and O'Neill for the said prisoners and by Messrs. Ashton, Kelley and Earle for the United States.

Mr. Ashton, assistant attorney of the United States, moves for the arraignment of the prisoners Richard Lewis and Thomas A. Brookbanks. N. Harrison, esq., appears for the said prisoners, Richard Lewis and Thomas A. Brookbanks, and moves for a continuance till the next term.

November 12, 1861. - J. Hubley Ashton, esq., assistant attorney of the United States, moves for the arraignment of the prisoners. And now, to wit, ANovember 12, 1861, the prisoners William Perry, Richard M. Harvey, August Peyrusset, Henry Mills, Edward Flynn, William Sharkey, Daniel Courtney, George Hawhins, William H. Hazlehurst, George S. Harrison, John Mallings, C. H. Mariott, George H. Roberts, Thomas A. Brookbanks, Richards Lewis, Edward Murphy, John H. Edwards, Thomas Woods, John G. S. Tucket, Austin C. Williams, George Sawden and John Cronin being arraigned, &amp;c., and being immediately and severally asked how they will acquit themselves of the premises above laid to their charge severally do say theat they are not guilty thereof, and thereof for good and for ill they put themselves upon the country. And J. Hubley Ashton, esq., assistant attorney of the United States, who prosecuted for the United States in this behalf, doth the like.

And the said prisoners Charles Campbell, Robert Barret, John M. Morgan, Asa Delahay, John Cunningham, Richard R. Jeffries, John Mark, Hugh Monagrow, William Bryan, Michael Dillon, Henry A. Run, John W. Dearing and Henry Autmans being at the same time arraigned, &c., and being immediately and severally asked how they will acquit themselves of the premises above laid to their charge, protesting severally as follows: The said Charles Campbell that his name is Colin Campbell and not Charled Campbell; the said Robert Barret that his name is Robert Barnet and not Robert Barret; the said Asa Delahay that his name is Andrew C. Delahay and not Asa Delahay; the said John M. Morgan that his name is John N. Morgan and not John M. Morgan; the said Richard R. Jeffries that his name is Richard R. Jeffers and not Richard R. Jeffries; the said John Cunningham that his name is John C. Cunningham and not John Cunningham; the said John Mark that his name is John Mack and not John Mark; the said Hugh Monagrow that his name is Hugh Monaghan and not Hugh Monagilliam Bryan that his name is William Brain and not Willim Bryan; the said Michael Dillon that his name is michael Dooling and not Michael Dillon; the said Henry A. Run that his name is Henry A. Rowan and not Henry A. Run; the said John W. Dearing that his name is John M. Dearing and not John W. Dearing; and the said Henry Autmans that his name is Henry Oltmans and not Henry Autmans - do severally say that they are not guilty thereof, and thereof for good and for ill they put themselves upon the country. And J. Hubley Ashton, assistant attorney of the United States, who prosecuted for the United States in this behalf, doth the like, therefore, &c.

And now the motion for a continuaance made in behalf of the prisoners William Perry, Richard M. Harvey and Charles Campbell 9 (the last named representing and declaring himself to be Colin Campbell) being before the court, and the affidavit of William Perry, Richard M. Harvey and Colin Campbell being filed, it is ordered by the court that the said motion for a continuance be granted. And now the court having granted the application for a continuance on the part of the defendants

10 R R - SERIES II, VOL III

