
Perry, Harvey and Campbell, upon the motion of counsel on their behalf and the counsel of the other defendants having on the same reasons moved for a continuance onl behalf of the other defendants the application onlk their behalf is granted likewise.

Whereupon all the prisoners are remanded.

UNITED STATED OF AMERICA,

Eastern District of Pennsylvania, ss:

I, Benjamin Patton. clerk of the circuit court of the United States of America for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, in the third circuit, do hereby certify the foregoing to be a true and faithful copy of the docket entries in the above case.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto sebscirebed my name and affixed the seal of the said circuit at Philadelphia this 21st day of November, in the year of our Lord 1861, and of the intependence of these United States the eighty - sixth.

CHAS. M. BENCHARD,

Senior Clerk of Circuit Court.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PHILADELPHIA, November 22, 1861.

George J. E. WOOL, or

Flag - Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH, Fort Monroe.

SIR: Through the kindness of Commodore Pendergrast I am able to forward to you an open package containing a letter and some documents for Mr. Jefferson Davis which I ask the favor of you to examine and if proper to allow to be sent over to Norfolk, land thence transmitted to Mr. Davis. It may bne proper to add that before applying to Commodore Pendergast for the favor of forwarding this to you I showed the whole matter to Mr. J. Hubley Ashton, acting district attorney for the United States in this city, from whom I received a letter for Commodore Pendergrast which I herewith send you a copy.

I have the honor to be with high respect, your obedient servant,

N. HARRISON,

Attorney for the Officers and Crew of the Petrel and Enchantress.

[Sub - inclosure.]

OFFICER OF U. S. ATTORNEY,

128 South Sixth Street, Philadelphia, November 22, 1861.

Commodore PENDERGRAST.

SIR: Mr. N. Harrison, who is of counsel for the partied now imprisoned here for piracy and treason, wioshes to transmit a letter that he will show you to richmond together with a printed of the trial of certain of those parties. I can see no objection to the sending of this letter and pamphlet. I tell him that the better plan would be to send them to Fortress Monroe with a request to the commander to transmit them with the first flag of truce that may be sent to Norfolk. He deisres especially to know how these kocuments may be sent to Fortress Monroe. Mr. Harrison will show you his letter so that you will be able determine whether there is any impopriety in facilitating Mr. Harrison's project.

Very truly yours,

J. HUBLEY ASHTON,

Assistant U. S. Attorney.

The above is a true copy of Mr. Ashton's letter to Commodore Pendergrast which was handed to me open by Mr. Ashton for me to read.

N. HARRISON.

