
jurors aforesaid unknown, the said last-mentioned persons each being then and there a mariner and of the ship's company of the said brig called the Joseph, and then and there being in and on board of the said brig, the Joseph, did then and there piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault, and them did then and there piratically, feloniously and violently put in bodily fear and the said brig, the Joseph, of the value of $3,000, the apparel, tackle and funiture thereof of the value of $500 of the goods and chattels and persona property of the said George H. Cables, John Cables and Stephen Hatch, and 250 hogsheads of sugar of the value of $100 each hogshead of the goods, chattels and personal property of one Thies N. Meyer, from the said divers persons, mariners as aforesaid, whose names are to the jurors-aforesaid unknown, in their presence then and there and against their will did then and there pirtically, feloniously and violently seize, rob, steal, take and carry away against the form of the statute of the said United Staes of America in such case made and provided and against the peace of the said United Stated and thei dignity.

Fourth count. -And the jurors of aforesaid upon thei oath aforesaid do further present: That Thomas Harrison Baker, late of the city and county of New York, in the district and circuit aforesaid, marner, and John Harleston, late of the same place, mariner Charles Sidney Passailaigue, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Cashman Howard, late of the same place, mariner, Joseph Cruz del Cano, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Oman, late of the same place, mariner, Patrick Daly, late of the same place, mariner, William Charles Clark, late of the same place, mariner, Alber tGallatin Ferris, late of the same place, mariner, Richard Palmer, late of the same place, mariner John Murphy, late of the same place, mariner, Alexander Carter Coid, late of the same place, mariner, and Martin Galvin, late of the same place, mariner, on the 3rd day of June, A. D. 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the said United States of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, did with force and arms piratically, feloniously and violently set upon, board, break and enter a cetain vessel then and there being, to wit, a brig called the Joseph, and in and upon one Thies N. Meyer, then and there being in and on board of the said brig and being a mariner and master and commander of the said brig, and the said Thies N. Meyer then and there being a citizen of the United States of America, did then and there piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault, and him, the aid Thies N. Meyer, did then and there piratically, feloniously and violently put in great bodily fear, and the said brig, the Joseph, of the value of $3,000, and the tackle, apparel and furniture thereof of the value of $500, and 250 hoghheads of sugar of the value of $100 each hogshead, the same then and there being of the lading of the said brig, of the goods, chattels and personal property of the said Thies N. Meyer, in his presence and against his will did violly and piratically rob, steal, seize, take and carry away against the form of the statute of the said United States of America in such case made and provided and against the peace of the said United States and their dignity.

Second count. -And the jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid do further present: That Thomas Harison Baker, late of the city and county of New York, in the district and circuit aforesaid, mariner, and John Harleston, late of the same place, mariner, Charles Sidney Passailaigue, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Cashman Howard, late of the same place, mariner, Joseph Cruz del Cano, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Oman, late of the same place, mariner, Patrick Daly, late of the same place, mariner, William Charles Clark, late of the same place, mariner, Albert Gallatin Ferris, late of the same place, mariner, Richard Palmer, late of the same place, mariner, John Murphy, late of the same place, mariner, Alexander Carter Coid, late of the same place, mariner, and Martin Galvin, late of the same place, mariner, on the 3rd day of June, A. D. 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the admiralty and

