
exchanged. This exchange is a mere military convention. A prisoner exchanged under the laws of war is not thereby exempted from trial and punishment as a traitor. Treason is a state or civil offense punishable by the civil courts; the exchange of prisoners of war is only a part of the ordinary commercia belli.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., December 3, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I send herewith by flag of truce Charles H. Pandorf and Benjamin Sutton, the latter a discharged prisoner. I also send under cover to you a package of letters addressed South.

Agreeably to your suggestion I will send on Thursday clothing, &amp;c., for prisoners. It would be very desirable to ascertain the location of those sent from Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, December 4, 1861.

TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

I transmit herewith a report from the Secretary of State in reply to the resolution* of the House of representatives of the 13th of July last in relation to the correspondence between this Government and foreign nations respecting the rights of blockade, privateering and the recongnition of the so-called Confederate States.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 4, 1861.

To the PRESIDENT:

The Secretary of State to whom was referred a resolution of the House of Representatives passed on the 13th day of July last requesting the President at the beginning of the next session of Congress if compatible with the public service to communicate to that House all correspondence with the English, French, Spanish and other governments with reference to the rights of blockade, privateering and the recongnition of the so-called Confederate States, has the honor to report that the correspondence thus called for has been submitted with the President's annual message to both Houses of Congress.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 4, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you in reply to your letter of the 3rd + instant touching the loyalty of Mr. Griffin, late of the U. S. Navy,

---------------

* See p. 8.

---------------

+ Not found.

