
acts that come under our observation and reason that the same rule that will exchange one will exchange an army. I admit that we are anxious on the subject, and we have cause to be. Humanity prompts and justice demands it.

I believe I speak the sentiments of all here when I say we do not wish to embarrass the action of our Government in the least, but we cannot understand how a full exchange will do more injury than acts already done. We believe belligerency can be recongnized without involving independence. Surely the war cannot continue for years or even months longer without this question becoming so important that it must be met and an exchange effected. They why delay what must inevitably be? We enlisted to serve our country and if necessary die for it, but we could prefer a different death than the one awaiting us here. I cannot say all I would for obvious reasons, but I can say we are suffering from neglect, so much so that it is the subject of newspaper paragraphs here and elsewhere. It makes my face burn to read them and thing that over four months have passed and nothing done for our relief.

We have frequently heard that clothing was to be sent to us but winter has come and no clothing, but sickness has. It has been said that the Confederates sent the most destitute to the far South from motives of humanity. However that may be I saw some go without shirths and many without shoes or socks, and even some with drawers and no pants. I am sorry to say this and perhaps my doing so will prevent this reaching you, but I trust it will not. I may be treading on forbidden ground, but I will say that I believe this would not be if clothing could be obtained here. It could not in sufficient quantities. Southern troops are clothed by contributions from home of home-made cloth. Those that have means to purchase can find limited quantities at extravagantly high prices-beyond the means of most of us. Clothing can be sent safely. The Massachusetts men having been here but about six weeks have already been supplied with full outfits from their friends at home. Cannot Government send as well as they? The Confederates have recently furnished quilts as substitutes for blankets, which could not be obtained, and straw sacks, which is some improvement, but we still need blankets and clothing, especially pants, shirts, drawers, socks and shoes.

I am sorry to trouble you with this matter, but thinking your position would enable you to do much I venture to do so. If we are to remain here and Government does not speedily provide for our wants will you please call the attention of such citizens of Michigan as may be in Washington to this matter? I know that an appeal to the people of our State would be promptly met, and I feel assured that our necessities would have been attended to ere this had it been known that it was required and could be done. What is done should be at once.

Very respectfully, yours,

Should there be any persons in Washington from Ypsilanti please show them this letter.

I inclose a slip cut from this morning's [Richmond] paper:

Suffering. - The Yankee prisoners of war in this city are beginning to feel the want of proper clothing. Congressman Ely has very generously offered we learn to expend $5,000 of his private means, which are quite ample, in order to purchase them necessary clothing; but his fellow-prisoners decline to permit him to do that which their Government should long since have reconginzed as a binding duty.

