
Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives December 4, 1861.

Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be instructed to inquire what change if any is necessary in the law providing for the payment of soldiers who are held as prisoners of war.

Resolution adopted by the House Representatives December 4, 1861.

Whereas, in July, 1861, at Fort Fillmore, in New Mexico, Major Isaac Lynde, U. S. Army, abandoned said fort and shortly after its abandonment surrendered a largely-superior force of U. S. troops under his command to an inferior force of Texas troops without firing a gun or making any resistance whatever; and

Whereas, its is charged and believed that said surrender was the result of treason or cowardice or both, in which surrender other officer under his command were also concerned: Therefore

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested if not incompatible with the public interest to report to this House what measures have been or ought to be taken to expose and punish such of the officers now on parole as were guilty of treason or cowardice in that surrender and relieve from suspiction such as were free from blame.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 30th ultimo respecting a packet received by you from General Wool addressed to the Honorable Jefferson Davis, &amp;c., &c., and which from an inclosure appears to have been forwarded by Commodore Pendergrast, I have the honor to inform you that that officer was called upon to say if he did forward the package and why he did so. A copy of his reply is herewith inclosed in which he denies having forwarded the package, but hinks it was sent by the U. S. steamer State of Georgia without his order. The matter will be further investigated.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

[Inclosure.]

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, U. S. NAVY-YARD,

Philadelphia, December 3, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ultimo informing me that a package addressed to the Honorable J. Davis, president, &c., &c., at Richmond, Va., was forwarded by me to General Woll at Fortress fMonroe, and I am asked to inform the Department whether or not a package so addressed was forwarded by me, and if so under what circumstances.

In reply I have to say that I forwarded no such package to General Wool, but will remark that I believe such a package may have gone from a Mr. Harrison, a lawyer in this city, who defended some prisoners and who applied to me for information ast to how he should proceed in sending communications to Virginia in relation to the proceedings of

