
the U. S. district court. I replied to him that it could only be done by sending open or unsealed letters to the military or naval commanders at Fortress Monroe to go by a flag of truce. The package I believe was sent by the steamer State of Georgia but without my order.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. J. PENDERGRAST,

Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., December 5, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I am at a loss to know how to address the articles of clothing designed for the Federal prisoners. Will you enlighten me? I make this request in consequence of the location of many of the prisoners having been changed. I am aware that I am giving you much trouble, yet as it is an act of mercy to he wounded, poor and needy from my former knowledge of your character I feel assured you will do whatever you can consistently with your duty to aid me in the matter.

I have received some 2,000 suits of clothing from the United States for the Federal prisones in the South. Not being directed for any troops in particular I shall not send them forward until I learn from you if you can give me the required information as to the location of the prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., December 5, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I forward to you by flag of truce six boxes addressed to Lieutenant I. W. Hart, Twentieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, at Norfolk, containing the following articles of clothing for prisoners of war: 53 woolen blouses, 53 caps, 53 shirts, 53 blankets, 53 pairs of trousers, 53 pairs of drawers, 53 pairs of shoes, 53 pairs of socks and 37 great-coats. Also nineteen cases addressed to First Lieutenant Charles L. Peirson, Twentieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, a prisoner of war in Richmond, containing the following articles for distribution to Massachusetts troops, prisoners of war: 350 blankets, 350 overcoats, 700 flannel shirts, 700 pairs of socks, 700 pairs of drawers, 350 pairs of trousers, 350 pairs of shoes, 301 towels, 170 handkerchiefs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, Va., December 7, 1861.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: I understand that quite a number of seamen are held as prisoners by the Confederate States. My Government is holding similarly

