
a number of individuals, late officers of the U. S. Navy and Marine Corps avowing secession principles, who are petitioning for their release. Their names are as follows: Robert Tansill, late captain, U. S. Marine Corps; John R. F. Tattnall, late first lieutenant, U. S. Marine Corps; T. S. Wilson, late first lieutenant, U. S. Marine Corps; H. B. Claiborne, late midshipman, U. S. Navy; Hilary Cenas, late midshipman, U. S. Navy; A. D. Wharton, late midshipman, U. S. Navy; W. M. Page, late surgeon, U. S. Navy; James E. Lindsay, late assistant surgeon, U. S. Navy.

I am willing to make an equitable arrangement with you in order that these individuals may be gratified, or in other words to send them to you provided you will send to me such number of the above-mentioned seamen as may be agreed upon between us.

I am also willing that the arrangement should be extended so as to embrace Messrs. Butt and Dalton, the latter of whom it may be as well to say was as I wave ascertained from letters in my possession appointed a lieutenant in the Confederate Navy so far back as last May, and while holding a commission in the Navy of the United States.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

New York, December 7, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, WAshington, D. C.

GENERAL: The office and duties of commissary-general of prisoners are not familiar to the service and I therefore respectfully request in order to avoid embarrassment that those who are in charge of prisoners of war, civil or military, may be notified that I have been appointed to that office and that any directions I may give in relation to prisoners may be complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 9, 1861.

General WADSWORTH, Arlington:

The order* has been made as desired, and I hope will result in the release of Captain Ricketts.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., December 9, 1861.

Commodore GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: I have acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 7th instant. I have already been instructed to say that on the release of three of the officers named by you, viz, Robert Tansill, late captain, U. S. Marine Corps, John R. F. Tattnall, late first lieutenant, U. S.

---------------

* See Thomas to Dimick, p. 158.

---------------

