
Marine Corps and T. S. Wilson, late first lieutenant, U. S. Marine Corps, a like number of U. S. officers of corresponding grade will be released by the Confederate States Government.

I will refer your letter to the proper authority and have no doubt I will be directed to consent to you proposal as regards the rest of the persons on your list. I will communicate with you as soon as I hear further on the subject. I beg to reming you that one of the naval prisoners, Master's Mate Abbott, has been released by me on parole, expecting that some one of our citizens is to be returned in his place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Joint Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives December 11, 1861.

Whereas, the exchange of prisoners in the present rebellion has already been practiced indirectly, and as such exchange would not only increase the enlistment and vigor of our Army but subserve the highest interests of humanity and such exchange does not involve a recognition of the rebels as a government; therefore

Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the President of the United States be requested to inaugurate systematic measures for the exchange of prisoners in the present rebellion.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 12, 1861.

Honorable G. A. GROW, Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SIR: In answer to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 4th instant asking what measures have been or ought to be taken to expose and punish such of the officers now on parole as were guilty of treason or cowardice in surrendering Fort Fillmore in New Mexico to an inferior force of Texas troops I have the honor to inclose a report of the Adjutant-General, which together with a copy of General Orders, Numbers 102, herewit furnishes all the information in the possession of the Department.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, December 11, 1861.

The Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reference to this office of a resolution from the honorable the House of Representatives dated December 4, 1861, asking what measures have been taken or ought to be taken "to expose and punish such of the officers now on parole as were guilty of treason or cowardice" in the surrender of a "force of United States troops" under Major Isaac Lynde in New Mexico in July, 1861, "to an inferior force of Texas troops," &amp;c.

In compiance with your instructions I have the honor to report that Major Lynde was by direction of the President of the United States dropped from the rolls of the Army November 25, 1861, for the offense alluded to in the relolution. It is believed that no other officer of the command was in any way involved in the suspicion of complicity in the

