
same place, mariner, Henry Oman, late of he same place, mariner, Patrick Daly, late of the same place, mariner, William Charles Clark, late of the same place, mariner, Albert Gallatin Ferris, late of the same place, mariner, Richard Palmer, late of the same place, mariner, John Murphy, late of the same place, mariner, Alexander Carter Coid, late of the same place, mariner, and Martin Galvin, late of the same place, mariner, each being a citizen of the United States of America, on the 3rd day of June, A. D. 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the United State of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, in and upon one Thies N. Meyer then and there being, the said Thies N. Meyer then and there being a citizen of the said united States, and he, the said Thies N. Meyer, then and there being in and on board of a certin American vessel of the United States of America, to wit, a brig called the Joseph, and th and there being on the high seas as aforesaid, did piratically, felonionsly and violently make an asault and him, he said Thies N. Meyer, did piratically, feloniously and violently then and there put in bodily fear, and the said brig, the Joseph, of the value of $3,000, the tackle, apparel and furniture of the same of the value of $500, and 250 hogsheads of sugar of the value of $100 each hogshead of the goods, chattels and personal property of the said Thies N. Meyer, from the said Thies N. Meyer, and in his presence and against his will did piratically, feloniously and violently seize, rob, steal, take and carry away against the form of the statute of the said United States of America in such case made and provided and aginst the peace of the said United States and their dignity.

Sixth count. -And the jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid do further present: That Thomas Harrison Baker, late of the city and county of New York, in the district and circuit aforesaid, mariner, and John Harleston, late of the same place, mariner, Charles Sidney Passailaigue, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Cashman Howard, late of the same place, mariner, Joseph Cruz del Canon, late of the same place, mariner, Henry Oman, late of the same place, mariner, Patrick Daly, late of the same place, mariner, William Charles Clark, ate of the same place, mariner, Albert Gallatin Ferris, late of the same place, mariner, Richard Plmer, late of the same place, mariner, John Murphy, late of the same place, mariner, Alexander Carter Coid, late of the same place, mariner, and Martin Galvin, late of the same place, marine, on the 3rd day of June, A. D. 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the said united States of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, each then and there being a citizen of the said United States of America, did on pretense of authority from a person, to wit, one Jefferson Davis, with force and arms piratically, feloniously and violently set upon, board, break and enter a certain vessel, to wit, a brig called the Joseph, the same being then and there owned in whole or in part by a citizen or citizens of the United States of America whose name or names are to the jurors aforesaid unknown, and di on pretense of authority from a person, to wit, one Jefferson Davis, then and here in and on board of the said brig, the Joseph, in and upon one Thies N. Meyer, then and there being a mariner and then and there one of the ship's company of the said brig, the Joseph, in and upon one Thies N. Meyer, then and there being a mariner and then and there one of the ship's company of the said brig, the Joseph, and then and there master and commander thereof, and in and upon Horace W. Bridges, Albert Nash, Wilg, John J. Merritt, John Quin and Joeph H. Golden, each then and there being a martiner and one of the ship's company of the said brig, the Joseph, piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault, and them did on pretense of

