
have again been examined by Doctor Peters and myself to supply that portion lost and we took those most sickly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Columbus, Ohio, December 17, 1861.

Governor WILLIAM DENNISON, Governor of Ohio.

SIR: I am authorized by the Adjutant-General of the Army to call on you for an additional company of select men to make up the guard for the depot of prisoners of war at Sandusky. I am also authorized to ask the appointment of a major to command the guard, and to fill this position I respectfully request if it meets your approbation that Mr. William S. Pierson, of Sandusky, may be apponted. From the high regard entertained of him by gentlemen in whom I have great confidence as a gentleman of athe strictest integrity, an intelligent and experienced man of business, particular in administrative affairs, and from my own observation of his gentlemanly and courteous manners I feel well assured that he will fill the station in a way to meet the best interests of the service and the satisfaction of those under his charge. Mr. Pierson has no experience in military matters, nor can we expect to find one who has possessing the other necessary qualifications who is not now engaged in duties of greater or equal importance, but he has the ability and the ambition to fit himself for all the duties of the office and we may feel quite sure there will be nothing wanting on his part.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 17. Louisville, Ky., December 17, 1861.

The following extracts from the Army Regulations concerning duties in campaign are published for the information of the troops. They will be carefully studied by every officer:

ARTICLE XXXVI.

* * * * * * *

745. Prisoners of war will be disarmed and sent to the rear and reported as soon as practicable to the headquarters. The return of prisoners from the Headquarters of the Army to the War Department will specify the number, rank and corps.

746 The private propety of prisoners will be duly respected and each shall be treated with the regard due to his rank. They are to oby the necessary orders given them. they receive for subsistence one ration each without regard to rank, and the wounded are to be treated with the same care as the wounded of the Army, Other allowances to them will depend on conventions with the enemy. Prisoners' horses will be taken for the Army.

747 Exchanges of prisoners and release of officers on parole depend on the orders of the general commanding-in-chief under the instructions of Government.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

