
with the understanding that they are to be sent back as you state unless the persons agreed upon in their place are released before the expiration of that period. Copies of the pledge Messrs. Butt and Dalton have given will also accompany this.

With regard to what you say to me in your letter of the 17th instant about the authority you had received to release the common seamen in your possession ofr the individuals late officers of the U. S. Navy and Marine Corps mentioned in my letter to you of the 7th instant, &amp;c., you shall hear from me at an early moment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. SHIP CUMBERLAND,

Newport News, Va., December 21, 1861.

I, H. H. Dalton, regarding myself as now placed upon parole for fifty days, do hereby pledge my most sacred honor not to serve in any manner directly or indirectly against the United States of America until regularly released from this obligation by the offer and acceptance of another person in my stead; and I further pledge myself not to disclose by word or otherwise nor to use in any way to the injury of the United States of America anything I may hear of see or have heard or seen while detained as a prisoners. Also I pledge myself to return and give myself up to the Commanding officer of the U. S. blockading squadron at Hampton Roads at the end of fifty days from this time unless some persons be given up and accwpted by the Government of the United States in my stead in the manner also stated.

H. H. DALTON.

[NOTE. - Cenas and Butt each signed a similar paper.]
HDQRS. SOUTHERN MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, December 21, 1861.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the communication of the colonel commanding the department relating to an exchange of prisoners of war with Colonel Baylor and I inclose herewith my proposition for that purpose that I send by Captain Selden, who leaves to-morrow morning at daylight for the Messilla.

My proposition will effect a better exchange than the one suggested by Colonel Canby, and I have every reason believe it will be accepted unless Colonel Baylor has been ordered to make no exchanges. It returns to him one officer and one soldier held my be as prisoners of war for the exchange of an officer of the same grade held by him and the discharge of one soldier from his parole given as a private in the ranks.

Lieutenant Simmons has addressed to Colonel Baylor a letter urging this exchange, a copy of which I inclose with this, and this officer is quite confident that there will be no delay in effecting the exchange.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

