
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 26, 1861.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Commanding, Fort Monroe.

GENERAL: Yours of the 24th and 25th have been duly received. The Quartermaster-General has been instructed to forward clothing to you for our prisoners of war in the Southern States and will make provision for the payment of all charges for transportation. Your purpose in relation to the pay of the negroes emplyed for the Government at your post meets with approval of this Department, and you will therefore take such action thereon as to you may seem just and proper. As soon as possible all such arms and equipments as you may deem necessary for the supply and defense of your department will be forwarded on your requisition made upon the proper department of the Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., December 26, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: Your communication of the 25th* instant I received last evening in which you state that you are authorized to say that on condition that Lieutenant G. W. Grimes, Seventh [Seventeenth] North Carolina Regiment, now a prisoner at Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, be released in place of Lieutenant I. W. Hart, Twentieth Indiana Regiment, ow a prisoner of war at Richmond, Lieutenant Harat will be sent here at once and allowed to proceed. I have forwarded your communication to Washington and presume a favorable answer will be returned. In relation to the communication of Surg. Geo. Blacknall relating to a mulatto boy I have only to remark that I have no power in the case.

Honorable Alfred Ely arrived last evenig with the flag of truce.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, December 26, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: James W. Herty, late assistant surgeon, U. S. Navy, is this day by a written instrument, a copy of which I herewith inclose, placed on parole by me and directed to report himself to you. Will you do me the favor to acknowledge his arrival at Norfolk and the receipt of this with its accompanying paper?

With every respect, your most obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, Va., December 26, 1861.

I, Dr. James W. Herty, formerly of the U. S. Navy, regarding myself as now placed upon parole for fifty days do hereby pledge my most

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

