
sacred honor not to serve in any way directly or indirectly against the United States of America until regularly released from this obligation by the offer and acceptance of another person in my stead; and I furthe pledge myself not to disclose by word or otherwise, nor to use in any way to the injury of the United States of America, anything I may hear or see or have heard or seen while detained as a prisoner. Also I pledge myself to return and give myself up to the commanding officer of the U. S. clockading squadron at Hampton Roads at the end of fifty days from this time unless some person be given up and accepted by the Government of the United States in my stead in the manner above stated.

JAMES W. HERTY.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, December 28, 1861.

Major W. S. PIERSON, Ohio Volunteers, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: Having been commissioned by the Governor of Ohio as major of the battalion of volunteers now being raised as a guard for the depot of prisoners of war on Johnson's Island you will on the 1st proximo assume command of the depot and take all necessary measures for the organization, discipline and instruction of the companies as the men arrive. You will also as far as practicable give such assistance to the quartermaster by men on extra or daily duty as he may require in the completion of the work now in progress, being governed by Army Regulations in making the details.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., December 29, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I send herewith by flag of truce Thomas B. Griffin, released from confinemen tat Fort Warren, who is permitted to go to Norfolk, Va., on his parole of honor not to bear arms against the United States. Mr. Griffin* will in the event of his being able to obtain the discharge of a Federal prisoner of equal rank consider himself released from his parole.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., December 30, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I have received your communication of the 29th + instant in which you propose to release 'some 240 Federal prisoners to come by way of James River provided I will receive them in that way" and

---------------

* Third lieutenant, Hamilton Guards, Seventh [Seventeenth] Regiment North Carolina Volunteers.

---------------

+ Not found.

