
at what time. I will receive the prisoners coming down James River at the first light-house above Newport News at 10 a. m. any day you will designate, giving me notice the day before. I name the day before in order to prevent delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, December 30, 1861.

Major General GEORGE M. McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to request that I may be discharged from my present imprisonment and allowed to return to Virginia on my parole of honor not to take up arms or commit any act of hostility against the United States until I be exchanged or released according to the usages of war fromt he obligations of my parole.

I have the honor to be, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. BARRON,

Flag-Officer, C. S. Navy.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, December 30, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that you will permit the prisoners of war, officers and men, confined in this fort taken at Hatteras to return to North Carolina upon their parole not to bear arms against the United States nor to serve against them in any military capacity whatever until discharged according to the usages of war from obligation.

The North Carolina Troopsnow here are: One major, 8 captains, 5 first lieutenants, 15 second lieutenants, 1 adjutant, 350 privates. Besides these I have 13 privates at Fort Columbus, New York Harbor, 2 privates at Annapolis, 2 privates on parole in New York, and 1 private at Fortress Monroe.

I also ask that the prisoners now here taken on Santa Rosa Island (1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 23 privates) be released upon the same parole.

With highest respect,

H. A. GILLIAM,

Major and Senior Officer Seventh [Seventeenth] Regiment Infty., N. C. Vols.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, December 31, 1861.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

COLONEL: The General-in-Chief directs that John Pegram, held as a prisoner taken in arms against the United States, be released on the following conditions: That he give his parole not to bear arms against the United States and that he will return and surrender himself at Fort Warren by the 15th of February, 1862, unless he shall procure

