
the release without parole of Colonel O. B. Willcox, now held a prisoner in the Southern States, when he may consider himself as discharged from his parole.

I am, colonel, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 31, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAMP CHASE, Ohio.

SIR: It is understood that Surg. J. W. bouse is held as a prisoner taken in arms against the United States at Camp Chase. The General-in-Chief directs that he be released on parole with the understanding that he shall be discharged from the parole if he shall procure a like discharge for Surg. J. M. Lewis, Second Wisconsin Volunteers, now on parole at Oconomowoc, Wis.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., December 31, 1861.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: Four officers, prisoners of war, have just reached here from Richmond, and as I have not yet received instruactions in reply to your letter of the 24th [23d] instant I have forwarded them to General Wool, proposing to exchange one as heretofore agreed upon, and for the three others (two captains and one lieutenant) I propose to receive: 1. Lieutenant Dalton, late of the U. S. Navy, now on parole; 2. Captain Robert Tansill, late U. S. Marine Corps; 3 Lieutenant J. R. F. Tattnall, late U. S. Marine Corps.

I am in daily expectation of receiving full instructions concernig all the officer named in your letter of the 24th [23d]. Why not extend it to all prisoners?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, January 1, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department, &c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of yesterday, and to say that I prefer to await your authorized reply to my letter of the 24th [23d] ultimo before answering that favor. I will, however, remark here that owing to the peculiar circumstances attending the case of Lieutenant Jones about whom I wrote you it would be much more satisfactory to me to receive him for Lieutenant TAttnall than the individual you suggest, or may other person of correspondng rank. I would be glad if you would observe toward me the rule of not sending

