
forward persons by flag of truce to be released for other named individuals until in each instance a mutual arrangement between us concerning the parties has been distinctly made and understood.

At the request of General Burnside I inclose you herewith a letter* from him concerning the release of a favorite family servant taken prisoner at Bull Run and now at Richmond. It would afford me pleasure to do anything in my power to furhte the general's whishes and to be as liberal as possible in the transaction.

In a few days I will send you a list of persons who were taken on Ship Island and placed on parole by one of our naval officers and for whom it is expected and equal number of prisoners will be released by your authorities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, January 1, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In answer to your letter + of 26th ordering Colonel H. A. J. Bradford to be paroled I have the honor to report that Colonel Bradford was one of the 250 prisoners ordered to be paroled and left here on the 17th ultimo. He is now South.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

HENRICO COUNTY JAIL,

Richmond, Va., January 1, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.

SIR: On October 28 last I had the honor to advise you that with Major P. J. Revere, Adjt. C. L. Peirson, First Lieutenant George B. Perry and Asst. Surg. E. H. R. Revere, of my regiment, we were in this city prisoners of war. On November 14 Major Revere and myself were transferred to a cell of this prison to be held as hostages for the lives of certain privateersmen confined in New York City charged with piracy. All the officers and men of my regiment in prison here are reported to me in good health. Major Revere was slightly wounded in the leg by a musket ball on October 21 last at Ball's Bluff. He is entirely recovered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. RAYMOND LEE,

Colonel Twentieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

[JANUARY 1, 1862. - For General Orders, Numbers 1, Department of the Missouri, relating to the custody, disposition of prisoners, &c., see Vol. I, this Series, p. 247.]

---------------

* Omitted here; Burnside to Huger, December 31, Vol. II, This Series, p. 184.

---------------

+ Thomas to Dimick, December 26, Vol. I, this Series p. 68.

