
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, January 2, 1862.

[MEMORANDUM.]

General McClellan, as soon as he learns satisfactorily that the 250 prisoners are exchanged (already provided for), will take measures for the release and exchange of 500 more, including all the prisoners of war taken at Hatteras.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington, January 2, 1862.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

List of officers in the South recommended by the Honorable Alfred Ely to be released when our Government releases from our custody a corresponding number from Fort Warren or elsewhere:

Captain William Manson, Seventy-ninth Regiment New York State Militia; Captain John W. Sprague, Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers; Captain Hugh McQuaide, Thirty-eighth Regiment New York State Volunteers; Captain Shillinglaw, Seventy-ninth Regiment New York State Militia; Captain Mortimer Griffin, Eighth Regiment New York State Militia; Captain Ralph Hunt; First Lieutenant John W. Dempsey, Second Regiment New York State Militia; First Lieutenant Thomas S. Hamblin, Thirth-eighth Regiment New York State Volunteers; First Lieutenant Robert Campbell, Seventy-ninth Regiment New York State Militia; First Lieutenant Simon B. Preston, Fourth Regiment Michigan Volunteers; First Lieutenant Isaac W. Hart; Second Lieutenant Edmund Connolly, Sixty-ninth Regiment New York State Militia; Second Lieutenant William Booth, Second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers; Private Frank W. Welch, colored servant, free, and 249 more privates.

Mr. Ely would suggest to the Department that the above officers and 250 privates be released in ten days. The officers of corresponding rank to those above named should be released on parole of twenty or thirty days upon the condition that they secured the release of the officers above designated. To do this Colonel Dimick, at Fort Warren, must be instructed accordingly. I think the Confederate will respond to this installment. Will the Adjutant-General do me the favor to place Frank W. Welch, colored servant but a free man who is above named, on the list to be returned home with the other privates? He was a servant in a Connecticut regiment.

Yours, truly,

ALFRED ELY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., January 2, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: The following-named officers arrived here on the evening of the 31st ultimo by flag of truce from Norfolk:

Lieutenant I. W. Hart, Twentieth Indiana Volunteers; Captain Shillinglaw, Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers; Captain Manson, Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant William Dickinson, Third Regiment Infantry; also one enlisted man of the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers.

In relation to the exchange of officers belonging to the Navy and the Marine Corps I must refer you to the flag-officer, L. M. Goldsborough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

