
December. I wish to know if this is to be reciprocated and shall act accordingly. I inclose you a list* of seamen captured on unarmed vessels now known to be confined in Fort Warren; there may be others and I leave it to you to say if they should not be released unconditionally.

I inclose herewith the petition* of severeal of the prisoners asking the exchange of Captain Shilinglaw, Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, whom I sent down on the 31st ultimo in place of Mr. Dalton, late lieutenant, U. S. Navy.

I expect soon to be authorized to name some other captain in place of Mr. Butt, late lieutenant U. S. Navy, and other officers of the Army in place of others of our citizens now held in confinement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, January 3, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., Frederick, Md.

SIR: The General-in-Chief is much gratified at the reports of Colonel John W. Geary of December 21 and 22 by which it appears that he has arranged for the exchange of several of our men held prisoners in Virginia. Orders have been sent to Colonel Dimick to forward to you J. E. Murphy, J. H. Cusick, R. Drane, A. Dawson, R. D. Shepherd and J. L. Orrison, whom you are requested to send to Colonel Geary to be exchanged as he proposes. The Rev. Mr. North has been released in exchange for one chaplain, the Rev. Mr. Mines. I return herewith as desired by Colonel Geary the letter of J. P. Benjamin that it may be sent to Mrs. Dawson again.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., January 3, 1862.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: I duly received your letter of the 1st instant last evening. By my letter of yesterday you will see that Lieutenant W. G. Jones has been ordered on. I will with pleasure observe your request as to agreeing upon the individuals beforehand to be exchanged. The discrepancies that occurred with the last sent were owing to the failure of the mail. The passangers came and the letters did not. Four officers arrived without any instructions and I sent them off at once with my letter of the 31st ultimo. I duly received the note of General Burnside forwarded by you. I inclose a communication for him* which I leave open for your inspection, and beg the favor of you to deliver it to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

12 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

