
Lieutenant Simmons and Private Wilson they will be returned to report to you with my safeguard for their protection.

This exchange is suggested by motives of humanity toward the prisoners concerned, who have greatly suffered already from the misfortunes of this disastrous and unnatural war, and with a sincere desire on my part to abate its rigors and suffering.

When Captain Selden's negotiation with you is completed you will be pleased to give him such safeguard under the customs of war as will return him to these headquarters without molestation from your forces.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Colonel of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MOUNTED RIFLEMEN,Mesilla, December 25, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel B. S. ROBERTS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Craig, N. Mex.

COLONEL: Your communication proposing an exchange of prisoners has been received and referred to Brigadier General H. H. Sibley, C. S. Army, who directs that the proposed exchange be made.

The lieutenant (Losalla) referred to in your communication denies all connection with the Army of the United States and declines returning with Captain Selden. Actuated by the same notions of humanity so laudably influencing yourself I propose to substitute Lieutenant Medina for Lieutenant Losalla in said exchange. As Lieutenant Medina is a first lieutenant in your Army I cannot doubt but that your humanity will induce you to agree to the proposed substitution. Lieutenant Medina will therefore accompany your flag on its return to Fort Craig.

Lieutenant Hunter who accompanies Captain Selden, the bearer of your flag, will await any communication from you at the Loaguna. Inclosed you will find a release of parole of Private--- Wilson, Regiment Mounted Riflemen, U. S. Army, who is now in New Mexico, as an exchange for any private of the C. S. Army taken prisoner with Lieutenant Simmons.

JNO R. BAYLOR,

Colonel Commanding Second Regiment Mounted Rifles, C. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND Regiment TEXAS MOUNTED RIFLEMEN,Mesilla, December 25, 1861.

Private--- Wilson, Regiment Mounted Riflemen, U. S. Army, is hereby released from parole in exchange for a private of the C. S. Army who was taken prisoner with Lieutenant Simmons.

JNO R. BAYLOR,

Colonel Commanding Second Regiment Mounted Riflemen, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. SOUTHERN MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, December 28, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE CONFEDERATE FORCES IN THE MESILLA.

SIR: I have the honor to ackonwledge the receipt of a communication from Colonel baylor accepting under your directions my proposition for an exchange of certain prisoners of war brought to me by

