
as to the matter had I not seen yesterday Captain Hunt (Kentucky Volunteers), a returnd prisoner who was confined with Lieutenant Merrill at Richmond, and brought a verbal message to me that he believed the enemy would readily give him up in exchange. Having this message to communicate I take the opportunity to express the hope that you will excuse my suggesting that if exchanges are to be made all our interests seem to be concerned in getting back as soon as may be these two officers.

* * * * * * *

Heartily rejoiced at our recovery, and with true wishes for a long and glorious and, above all, a happy life,

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. TOTTEN,

[Chief of Engineers.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Eighth Infantry, Sandusky, Ohio.

SIR: The Surgeon-General suggests that you be authorized to employ a private physician in accordance with the regulations on that subject to attend the troops and prisoners at Sandusky, Ohio. Authority is hereby given accordingly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, January 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. PEGRAM, Barnum's Hotel, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 5th instant I have to say it is hoped you may effect the release of Colonel O. B. Willcox. If you fail in this perhaps you may effect an exchange for Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Bomford,

Sixth Infantry, now in Texas.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., January 9, 1862.

Colonel TUTTLE,

Commanding Second Iowa Volunteers,

McDowell's College, Corner of 8th and Cratiot Streets.

COLONEL: By direction of Major-General Halleck the whole subject of the custody of the prisoners of war and of the internal police of the place of their confinement as well as provisioning them is hereby placed under your charge. In the matter of their provisions the existing arrangements seem to be satisfactory. In regard to the police you will divide them into squads, say twenty or more, each under a chief selected from among themselves by election or of your appointment as you may deem expedient. I would recommend you would place this whole matter of police under one of your field officers, say the lieutenant-colonel. Requisitions for the necessary implements such as brooms in limited numbers should and will be approved at these headquarters. It is of primary importance to the health of the prisoners that care should be

