
taken so far as circumstances permit that opportunity be offered to the prisoners to wash themselves. You will please give your attention to this. Any articles of clothing friends of prisoners may desire to furnish them will be allowed provided no mark is put upon them, and to secure this you will yourself or by some officer detailed by you for this duty cause the same to be inspected and will pass only such articles as may be in your opinion of prime necessity, excluding articles of luxury or ornament. That this may not be misunderstood I would say the prisoners could receive any article of clothing usually provided for soldiers, also combs and brushes. Should tobacco and pipes be offered it will not be conveyed to any individual but will be regarded as common stock and be divided among the prisoners generally. Should it be necessary to issue articles of clothing to the prisoners the surgeon in charge of the prisoners and the surgeon and assistant surgeon of your regiment will be constituted a board to decide what may be necessary. A list of the articles so issued will kept, designating the parties to whom delivered, and their receipt for the same will be taken. In regard to the sick every proper facility will be afforded to the surgeon in charge in the matter of sending for necessary supplies, &amp;c. As to their diet the same will be given to them as is given to U. S. sick in hospitals, and to this end the surgeon will make the necessary requisitions on the medical director to be approved at these headquarters for what may be necessary. If there are any dangerously ill they will if the surgeon deems it expedient be sent to the nearest general hospital designated by the medical director. In this case the prisouired to give or rather sign a parole not to attempt to escape while this privilege is accorded to them under the penalty of death for its violation. Hospital attendants for the sick prisoners will be detailed from the general prisoners. a proper respect will be required from the prisoners whenever they are visited by officers charged with inspecting them. They will be informed that when the order "all attention" is given each one should stand in the position of a soldier until the inspecting officer has passed.

It is understood that a charge is made by the colored prisoners of war for washing. This they will be required to do as prisoners of war without remuneration. On the other hand there is no reason why under proper guard the white prisoners should not bring in fuel, &c. Measures will be taken as soon as practicable to provide a place in front of the prisone where the prisoners may take exercise when the weather permits. No passes will be recognized not signed by Major-General Halleck or the undersigned. Any suggestion you may have to make on the subject of the care and custody of the prisoners will be gladly received. On the other hand frequent inspections will be made by the general commanding the district or by a staff officer detailed by him for the purpose to see that the spirit of these regulations are carried out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCHYULER HAMILTON,

Brigadier General of Vols., U. S. Army, Commanding Saint Louis District.

BALTIMORE, January 9, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

The Richmond prisoners this morning left here for Washington under charge of Lieutenant Wells with orders to report to you.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

