
released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe; First Lieutenant A. E. Bell, North Carolina Volunteers, on parole for thirty days unless within that time First Lieutenant S. B. Preston, Fourth Michigan Regiment, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, Va.: Robert Tansill, on parole for forty-five days unless within that time Captain Zenas R. Bliss, U. S. Army, shall be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, Va. ; John W. Poole, on parole for thirty days unless within that time Adjutant Peirson, of the Twentieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, shall be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, Va.: First Lieutenant James T. Lasselle, North Carolina Volunteers, on parole for thirty days unless within that time First Lieutenant M. A. Parks, First Michigan Regiment Volunteers, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, Va.: R. W. Jeffery, on parole for thirty days unless Dr. William Fletcher shall before that time be unconditionally put at liberty at Fortress Monroe, Va.

On the above conditions being complied with the parties interested will consider themselves released from their parole. L. J. Johnson, captain of Seventh [Seventeenth] Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, on his arrival at Norfolk will be released from his parole. I also forward Mrs. M. C. Lowe who is desirous of proceeding South. It is to be hoped that Colonel Willcox will be released.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

New York City, January 17, 1862.

Dr. C. A. FINLEY,

Surgeon-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I am authorized by the Adjutant-General to emply a private physician to attend the troops and prisoners at the depot of prisoners of war near Sandusky, ansd as it will take some time to find a suitable person I respectfully request in order to avoid inconvenient delay that Surg. R. S. Satterlee, medical purveryor in this city, may be directed to furnish such medicines and hospital stores for the depot as he may deem requisite for a command of 1,000 men for six months, viz, two companies of a hundred men each with nine commissioned officers and 600 to 800 prisoners. The location is healthy and I don't apprehend much sickness.

The physician who attends the depot must live on the island and I doubt if any competent person can be found to accept the place on the compensation which the Regulations allow, $80 per month, without any other allowance whatever, not even fuel and quarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., January 18, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: By the flag of truce this day you will receive the following-named persons:

1. Lieutenant Tattnall, prisoner of war, who is unconditionally released from his parole, being sent in exchange for William Dickinson who is also by you unconditionally released from his parole.

