
2. Lieutenant G. W. Grimes, Seventh [Seventeenth] North Carolina Volunteers, who is also unconditionally released from his parole in exchange for Lieutenant Isaac W. Hart, Twentieth Indiana Regiment, who is by you released from his parole.

* * * * * * *

4. Lieutenant Julian G. Moore, Seventh [Seventeenth] North Carolina Volunteers, who is on parole for thirty days unless within that time Second Lieutenant William Booth, Second Wisconsin Volunteers, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe.

5. Second Lieutenant N. H. Hughes, North Carolina Volunteers, who is on parole for thirty days unless within that time Second Lieutenant Edmund Connolly, Sixty-ninth New York Militia, be unconditionally released and set at liberty at Fort Monroe.

6. Dr. J. E. Dindsay (omitted on my list yesterday but forwarded to Norfolk) is on parole for thirty days unless within that time Dr. C. S. De Graw shall be unconditionally released from his parole.

* * * * * * *

On all the above conditions being complied with the parties interested will consider themselves released from their parole. Your letter to L. M. Goldsborough has been forwarded to the flag-officer. So much of it, however, as relates to the exchange of Captain Tansill, Lieutenants Tattnall and Dalton for Captains Shillinglaw, Manson and Lieutenant Dickinson has been compleid with in my letter of January 16.

I am requested to inquire whether Colonel Corcoran, Sixty-ninth New York State Militia, will be released in exchange for William Smith, convicted of piracy at Philadelphia. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., January 18, 1862.

Major General J. E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

GENERAL: I received last evening your letter of the 17th instant and the prisoners named by you also arrived here.

1. Colonel O. B. Willcox has been selected by lot as a hostage to be treated exactly as your Government treats our citizens captured on the ocean. He is therefore not a subjec of exchange.

2. Captain Tansill whom you offer to exchange for Captain Z. R. Bliss, U. S. Army, has already been exchanged for Captain Manson, Seventy-ninth New York Regiment of Volunteers, and the exchange accepted by your letter of the 16th instant, an extract of which is inclosed.

I also send you an extract+ of my letter to you December 31 proposing exchanges, and the remark that Lieutenant Tattnall, late of the U. S. Marine Corps, has not yet arrived. You are authorized to release Captain Manson from his parole and I shall notify Captain Tansill that he is released from his.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

---------------

* Omitted paragraphs relate to officers surrendered in Texas, for which see Vol. I, this Series, p. 73.

---------------

+ Not found.

