HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., January 18, 1862.

Colonel J. M. TUTTLE, Commanding Second Iowa:

Certain ladies having prepared a quantity of food for the prisoners of war confined in McDowell's College you are hereby authorized to cause the same to be distributed among them by the process in which their rations are usually distributed. I am well assured the prisoners are abundantly supplied with food but am prompted to permit this that the provisions may not be wasted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCHUYLER HAMILTON,

Brigadier General Of Vols., U. S. Army, Commanding Saint Louis District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., January 19, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I send herewith by flag of truce the following persons: T. S. Wilson, who is on parole for forty-five days unless within that time First Lieutenant W. G. Jones, Tenth U. S. Infantry, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, Va. ; Second Lieutenant J. W. Hoy, North Carolina Volunteers, who is on parole for thirty days unless within that time Second Lieutenant Charles M. Hooper, California regiment, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, Va. On the above conditions being complied with the parties interested will consider themselves released from their parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., January 19, 1862.

Colonel J. M. TUTTLE, Commanding Second Iowa Volunteers.

COLONEL: I inclose a requisition for clothing for prisoners of war. Inasmuch as Dr. Taft is not yet mustered into service, which did not occur to me yesterday, you will order the regimental quartermaster to draw the articles of clothing for the prisoners sick in hospital for which I signed requisition yesterday. These will be issued under the direction of the attending surgeon, Doctor Taft, in the presence of a commissioned officer, the prisoners signing a receipt roll, to be witnessed by him as heretofore directed. In cases where the sick are unable to receipt the officer witnessing the issue will state the fat on the receipt roll.

I wish you to detail two of the negroes in the employ of the quartermaster's departmetn now at McDowell's College as special attendants on the sick in hospital, to be under the order of Doctor Taft. I have applied for a hospital steward for him. I wish you with your officers to endeavor to systematize matters as much as possible by fixing an hour for yourself or Lieutenant-Colonel Baker going through the general prison with the surgeon at least once every day, to the end that the sick may be removed from the prison rooms to the hospital ward. Also to have some fixed hours, the weather permitting, when prisoners of one room at a time, or at the most two, may be allowed to exercise under guard in the streets in front of the prison, at the same time taking their bedding out to hang it on the fences to air.

