
had placed some of her crew on board a prize, the brig Joseph, of Rockland, Me., from Cardenas with sugar, which she had captured on the 3rd instant and ordered to Beaufort, S. C. The captain of the Joseph retained on board the schoone, now goes to New York in company with the prize master. I herewith inclose a copy of Lieutenant Commanding Parrott's report.

I shall order the schooner to New York in charge of Prize Master R. S. McCook, midshipman.

I beg leave most respectfully to remind the Department that I am very much in want of vessels.

The prisoners of the schooner Savannah, captain, lieutenant, sailing master and purser and ten men-six having been sent away in their prize, the Joseph- are on board the Minnesota and will be sent on the first opportunity to a Nothern port.

The Perry has a proceeded to her station off Ferdinandina.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STRINGHAM,

Flag-Officer, Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. BRIG PERRY, At Sea, June 5, 1861.

Flag-Officer SILAS H. STRINGHAM, U. S. S. Minnesota.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd instant the privateer schooner Savannah, of Charleston, S. C., Captain T. H. Baker, commissioned by Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, was captured by this vessel about 60 miles east of Charleston, S. C.

The following are the particulars of the capture: She was discovered apparently following a brig, and considering her movements suspicious we gave her chase and getting nearer discovered that she carried a pivot gun. We showed our colors, which some time after she answered by hostiling a flag a for a moment and hauling it down again, too son for us to make it out. We afterward fired a gun ahead of her but she showed no colors. At 7. 50 p. m. it being quite dark and the brig which had beebn seen near the schooner out of sight we were within range and opened fire on the schooner she returned, several of her shots passing over us. At 8. 10 she ceased firing and we lost sight of her for a moment; it proved that she had lowered her sails to show her submission. Wore round and passed near her without firing asking if she surrendered, but could not understand her answer. Wore again and on passing her were answered that she had surrendered. A prize crew was sent on board with orders to follow us and her crew were transferred to this vessel.

She had left Charleston on the 2nd instant on her first cruise. We found on board of her the master of the brig Joseph, of Rockland, Me., which was the vessel seen near her and which she had captured on the morning of the 3rd instant.

As the smoke from the guns added to the difficulty of keeping the vessel in view we fired slowly and expended but a few shot upon her. Two of our shots passed through her sails and one between them and the hull.

The officers and crew seconded with great zeal my efforts to prevent the escape of the privateer. She awaits your orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servRROTT,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

