
parole and requesting it might be forwarded to him. I now ask General Wool to forward the letter to you.

My Government is willing and anxious to exchange prisoners on fair terms, and as the authorities at Washington have permitted it in certain cases I beg your assistance in making it general and thus aid the cause of humanity and civilization. On the 2nd of January I sent to Commodore Goldsborough a list (copy inclosed)* of seamen captured on unarmed vessels (non-combatants) and stated "that this Government has released within the last six months forty or fifty seamen at least taken on merchant vessels of the United States, considering them as non-combatants, and sent them to the United States, at the expense of this Government. I released four and sent them to Fort Monroe on 31st December. "

Ought not this course to be reciprocated? If not we must retain such persons hereafter. I beg your attention to the subject. Can not you procure the release of Captain M. Berry, who was a merchant captain? I would be willing to give any merchant captain in our hands, if any. With your assistance, colonel, I hope we can do much to relieve needless suffering to our fellow-countrymen.

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP PHILADELPHIA,

Pamlico Sound, January 20, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Agreeably to one of the propositions contained in your letter to me of the 2nd instant I hereby accept Captain Shillinglaw for Mr. Dalton; and on your leleasing the former through the commanding general at Fort Monroe from his parole the latter will be at liberty to consider himself as released from the one upon which he was placed. I address you this acceptance with the understanding that Captain Shillinglaw has not alreasy been released and that his case stands as it did when you wrote to me the above letter.

I await an offer from you of 'some other captain in place of Mr. Butt. " As at present advised I am not at liberty to accede to the other proposals you have submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

U. S. STEAM FRIGATE ROANOKE,

Hampton Roads, Va., January 20, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I herewith inclose to you a communication from General Huger to Flag-Officer Goldsborough and a copy of my reply to him which I hope will meet your approbation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MARSTON,

Captain and Senior Officer.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

