
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., January 15, 1862.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: I send by flag of truce Captain A. G. Kellogg, Second Connecticut Volunteers, who is released in place of Mr. Walter R. Butt, late U. S. Navy. I beg you to acknowledge his arrival and he is released from his parole on your authorizing me to release Mr. Butt from his.

I also ask the favor of you to reply to my letter of January 2 authorizing you to release Dr. R. D. Lynde from his parole for Doctor Herty, whose arrival here I have duly acknowledged.

I also wrote to you on December 31 and sent Captain Shillinglaw, Company F, Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, Captain Manson, Company A, Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers and First Lieutenant Dickinson, Third U. S. Infantry, in place of Lieutenant Dalton, now on parole, and Captain Tansill and Lieutenant Tattnall, Marine Corps, now in Fort Warren. You have not acknowledged the receipt of these officers or authorized me to release Lieutenant Dalton from his parole, and up to this date Captain Tansill and Lieutenant Tattnall have not been released.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

U. S. STEAM FRIGATE ROANOKE,

Hampton Roads, Va., January 18, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Military Department, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: In the absence of Flag-Officer Goldsborough I beg leave to inform you of the receipt of your communication of the 15th instant which did not come to hand till late last evening. The arrival of Captain A. G. Kellogg, Second Connecticut Volunteers, is hereby acknowledged and the parole of Mr. Butt is canceled upon the conditions you have offered; that of Captain K[ellogg] shall likewise be so. I also accept your proposal made to Flag-Officer Goldsborough that the parole of Dr. R. D. Lynde shall be released for that of Doctor Herty.

All the other officers to whom you have referred and who belong to the military department have I am informed by General Wool been released.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MARSTON,

Captain and Senior Officer.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 20. Washington, January 20, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. Major N. H. Davis, assistant inspector general, will muster the exchanged prisoners of war who have recently arrived from Richmond, the two years' and three-years' men for pay only and the three-months' men for discharge and final payment. After muster and payment those of the two-years' and three-years' men who are able to do so will at

