
once rejoin their regiments, and furloughs for thirty days may be granted by their regimental commanders to such as desire it. Those who are unable to join their regiments will be placed in the general hospitals and their commanding officers notified of the fact.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, January 21, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: At the urgent instance of friends of Colonel O. B. Willcox, Michigan Volunteers, Colonel John Pegram was released on parole to go to Richmond for the purpose of endeavoring to effect an exchange by which Colonel Willcox should be released. On his way to Fort Monroe Colonel Pegram addressed a letter* to the Adjutant-General stating he feared be might not be able to effect an exchange for Colonel Willcox because he understood the latter was specially held as a hostage, and asking if there was no other officer for whom he might exchange. The name of Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Bomford was then given him, but he was desired to exert himself first in behalf of Colonel Willcox. The General in-Chief now desires you to urge upon General huger the release of colonel Willcox with the least possible delay on the grounds of his ill-health. It is strongly represented that in consequence of his wound and subsequent close confinement his mind has become somewhat excited and there may be danger of its becoming unsettled. If his exchange with Colonel Pegram is not agreed upon you may offer the release of any one of the prisoners of similar rank to Colonel Willcox now in our hands.

You will please also invite an exchange of Second Lieutenant Charles H. Burd, Fourth Maine Volunteers, wounded at Bull Run and now confined at Richmond, for some one of like grade. It is understood that an exchange may be effected between Captain Ralph Hunt, First Kentucky Regiment, and Captain George H. Smith, Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment, who was taken at Rich Mountain and released on parole. You are authorized to procure this.

Has nothing been heard from the proposition in regard to Colonel Corcoran?

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, January 21, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I herewith transmit a statement of exchanges that have been effected and of those that are now pending:

EXCHANGED.

1. Asst. Surg. De Witt C. Peters, U. S. Army, November 19, 1861, for Asst. Surg. Wyatt M. Brown.

---------------

*See Pegram to Adjutant-General, January 5, p. 180.

---------------

