
13. Second Lieutenant J. W. Hoy, North Carolina Volunteers, forwarded to Norfolk January 19, 1862, to be exchanged for Second Lieutenant C. M. Hooper, California regiment.

These thirteen officers, in the event of their failing to procure the exchanges specified, are to return to Fort Warren on the expiration of their respective paroles.

The exchange of Colonel O. B. Willcox for Colonel Pegram is refused, "he being held as a hostage, to be treated exactly as the Federal Government treats Southern citizens captured on the ocean. "

In obedience to instructions I have proposed that the following Federal officers may be exchanged: Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, Sixth Infantry; Captain Z. R. Bliss, Eighth Infantry; First Lieutenant J. J. Van Horn, Eighth Infantry, with officers of the same rank now in our hands.

I have also proposed the exchange of Colonel J. A. J. Bradford, North Carolina Volunteers, for Lieutenant Colonel William Hoffman, Eighth U. S. Infantry; William Smith, convicted of piracy, for Colonel M. Corcoran, Sixty-ninth New York State Militia; Captain W. D. Farley, aide-de-camp, for Captain J. H. Potter, Seventh U. S. Infantry, and Lieutenant F. de Caradene for Lieutenant H. M. Lazelle, Eighth U. S. Infantry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, New York City.

SIR: I am instructed to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 17th instant and to inform you that Surgeon Satterlee has been requested to have prepared and forwarded to the care of the attending surgeon at the depot at Sandusky the necessary medicine and hospital stores for 1,000 men for six months.

In regard to the compensation to be allowed to the private physician to be employed I am directed to say that if the Government furnishes him with fuel and quarters (as in all probability it will have to do if the island is not inhabited) it is believed that the allowance stipulated in the Regulations at $80 per month will be more than equivalent to $100 per month without these allowances. If, however, it is found necessary to give the highest compensation allowed by the Regulations, viz, $100 per month, the contract will be approved.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

By order:

LEWIS A. EDWARDS,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

UNITED STATES MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

New York, January 21, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter from the physician to the Department of Public Charities and Correction stating that John O'Brien, one of the crew of the Sumter, exhibits symptoms of insanity

