
and suggesting his removal from the city prison to a lunatic asylum. Will you please favor with your instructions concerning the prisoner by an early post, as the doctor's statements are well founded.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

CITY PRISON, January 15, 1862.

S. DRAPER, Esq., President, &amp;c.

SIR: John O'Brien, one of the crew of the Sumter, is in a very desponding state and has symptoms of permanent insanity, which calamity might perhaps be prevented if he could be removed to an asylum for such cases.

ABBOTT HODGMAN, M. D.

MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Philadelphia, January 21, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Please find inclosed a list* of the prisoners taken by me by order of the War Department from the gun-boat Rhode Island, and who are now on their way to Fort Lafayette. Also a statement of the deserters from the rebels, six in number, whom I would recommend released from information received of the truth of their statement.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MILLWARD,

U. S. Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

PHILADELPHIA, January 20, 1861 [1862].

Honorable WILLIAM MILLWARD, U. S. Marshal.

DEAR SIR: We the subscribers, Tim. Canavan, of Massachusetts; Joseph Parker, of Wisconsin; Edward English, of Maine; Francis Colahan, of New York; Albert Johanson, of New York, and James Smith, of New York, were residents of and working in New Orleans last spring. We got out of work and out of money and although Union men were compelled of necessity and would soon have been by force to join the rebels as marines. This we did on 10th of April and were stationed at the Warrington Navy-Yard, Pensacola, Fla. We were placed on duty in charge of a battery with the rest of our company, and had no opportunity of escaping until the 21st of December. Then having a favorable opportunity of getting a boat we spiked our two guns and rowed across to Fort Pickens. As the guns in our battery had been rendered useless by us and we pulled very fast, being not over twelve minutes in crossing, we escaped being fired on except one musket shot by the sentinel, as before notice could be communicated to the other batteries we were safe. We were received by Colonel Brown and by him transferred to the Rhode Island on 2nd of July and are anxious to get to our homes.

EDWARD ENGLISH.

FRANCIS COLAHAN.

ALBERT JOHANSON.

JOSEPH PARKER.

TIMOTHY CANAVAN.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

