
prisoners (names not given) at Camp Chase, Ohio, has been received. In reply I have to request you to transmit to this Department a list of the prisoners in whose behalf your application is made, with such evidence touching each case as you may be in possession of and a brief report of the facts and circumstances connected with the arrest of each prisoner.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ohio, January 28, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I find myself embarrassed for want of knowledge and specific instructions as to the duties expected of me in relation to the political prisoners sent to Camp Chase in this State, and as I cannot find time to call in person upon you for instructions I have requested the bearer, my friend General George W. Morgan, to do so. General M[organ] commands my fullest confidence and is worthy of yours. He is fully posted as to the condition of the prison and will be able to give you all the information you may desire. After consultation with General Morgan please define and point out my several duties and I will most cheerfully perform the trust.

Your obedient servant,

DAVID TOD.

NEW YORK, January 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

DEAR SIR: I am sure that common humanity is all that I need refer to induce your interference and examination of the inclosed letter from two respectable medical men in relation to the crew of the Savannah. If the Government does not choose to disembarrass itself of these men entirely, which might be by bailing on their own recognizances, I suggest their transfer to Fort Lafayette or some prison where they will not be left to die from the diseases of the Black Hole. I address a corresponding letter to the Secretary of State.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL LORD.

[Inclosure.]

BROOKLYN, N. Y., January 28, 1862.

DANIEL LORD, Esq.

DEAR SIR: Hoping to assist ythe relief of the extraordinary privations and sufferings of the U. S. prisoners confined in the Tombs in the city of New York for privateering we respectfully present the following considerations: The cells of the Tombs being designed for temporary detention only were constructed without regard to an adequate supply of fresh air in case of protracted confinement. The smallest amount of air space necessary for healthy respiration with adequate provision for constant renewal is 800 cubic feet. The cells of the Tombs with inadequate provision for renewal measure only a little over 400 cubic feet, and notwithstanding this the privateersmen are confined two in a cell, thus reducing the amount of air to only one-fourth of what is necessary for the preservation of health. The dangers of their condition are still further increased by the quality of the

