
SAINT LOUIS, January 29, 1862.

Colonel CARLIN, Commanding, &amp;c., Pilot Knob.

COLONEL: You are authorized to negotiate the exchange of Captain Isaac H. Elliott and Lieutenant Nixon and the fifty-four enlisted men of the Thirty-third Illinois for an equal number of prisoners of war now held by us, grade for grade. No commissioners are necessary. If General Thompson will agree to the exchange and send his prisoners to our lines we will immediately send him an equal number.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, New York.

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith is a list* of articles of clothing reported by the quartermaster-general of Pennsylvania as being on hand at Harrisburg, Pa., and not up to the required standard for issue to troops. The Quartermaster-General directs that these garments shall be turned over to you for issue to prisoners of war. You are requested to indicate to this office the disposition you desire to be made of them and the necessary orders for their distribution will be given.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, Ohio, January 29, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK,

Fourth Artillery, Commanding Fort Warren, Mass.

COLONEL: Will you have the kindness to inform me if the prisoners of war, civil and military, at Fort Warren have bedding which will be sent with them when they are transferred to this depot and is it public or private property? The depot is ready for their reception but the guard will not be prepared to take charge of them before the middle of February.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., January 29, 1862.

Surgeon HODGEN:

I am constrained in order to comply with the request of the bearer of this note to say that the rule is general in regard to prisoners of war sent to general hospital that the matter of allowing their friends to visit them is entirely under the control of the surgeon in charge.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

