
the same reason Lieutenant Gordon, Second U. S. Cavalry, cannot be given for Lieutenant Hurt, Virginia Cavalry. I cannot agree to the exchange of Second Lieutenant William Biggs, North Carolina Volunteers, and Private Benjamin R. Holt, for First Lieutenant William E. Merrill, U. S. Engineers. A second lieutenant of volunteers will be given for Lieutenant Biggs, and I must decline individual exchanges except for commissioned officers. For W. H. Ward, late lieutenant U. S. Navy, we have already offered Captain J. T. Drew, Second Vermont Regiment, and will therefore not send Captain Frederick E. Prime, U. S. Engineers. For Julian Myers, Alexander M. de Bree and William T. Glassell, late lieutenants U. S. Navy, we will give captains, and for Midshipmen A. G. Hudgins and W. A. Hicks we will give first lieutenants.

I will offer for Mr. Dulany A. Forrest, late U. S. Navy, and Mr. H. B. Claiborne, late midshipman, U. S. Navy, Major D. H. Vinton, U. S. Army. I think it due to Major Vinton to state that I am informed upon what seems to be good authority that while under the parole given in Texas he has been and is now in the service of the United States at West Point, thus relieving other officers for active duty. I shall be glad to know that this is a mistake. Mr. Edward Taylor, of Cincinnati, will be sent to you in exchange for Mr. E. S. Ruggles. Lieutenant William G. Jones, U. S. Infantry, has been ordered here from Texas and on his arrival will be offered for Lieutenant Sayre, C. S. Marines, now on parole.

By command of Major-General Huger:

BENJ. HUGER, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., January 29, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

SIR: On the night of the 24th instant a light-boat was wrecked upon our shores. The crew of seven men were saved, and I should have forwarded them to you as usual, but in reference to my letters you will perceive I have called your attention to the fact of our seamen captured on unarmed vessels, and therefore non-combatants, being kept in prison by your Government, and asking you if our course of liberating such persons was to be reciprocated; if not, I should detain all such persons hereafter. I am compelled to confine these men in jail till I hear from you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., January 30, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I received two days since the following communication from Major General John A. Dix dated Baltimore, January 27, 1862:

I am instructed by Major-General McClellan, commanding, to communicate to you the following dispatch.

"General WOOL, Fortress Monroe:

"Detain all prisoners going South at Fort Monroe until further orders. I suppose some will soon reach Fort Monroe from Fort Warren. "

