
Since the receipt of the above the following-named prisoners of war have arrived from Fort Warren and are detained at this post (Rip Raps): Captain William A. Duke, North Carolina Volunteers; Lieutenant William Shaw, North Carolina Volunteers; Lieutenant William B. Wise, North Carolina Volunteers; Lieutenant George W. Daniel, North Carolina Volunteers.

I have received your communication of the 27th instant in which the General-in-Chief desires me to propose the exchange of Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Nichols, a major when taken, and Captain F. E. Prime for some prisoners of like rank in our hands. The proposition will be forwarded to Major-General Huger.

I inclose for your consideration a letter from Chaplain Dodge, Eleventh Regiment New York Volunteers, addressed to Major General B. Huger and which has been referred to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

COLUMBIA JAIL, S. C., January 20, 1862.

General HUGER,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Norfolk, Va.

DEAR SIR: I have just received a note from my wife which greatly increases my anxiety for an immediate exchange. I have received an appointment to the presidency of a college in Oregon which I propose to accept. I wish to make arrangements for as early removal thither as possible. Can you do anything yourself will you please communicate the facts to the authorities at Richmond and likewise at Washington? Captain Shiver will add a note to this upon the same subject.

Hoping for a favorable and speedy issue of the matter,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DODGE,

Chaplain Eleventh Regiment New York Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 27, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Wool, who has been previously informed that the Government of the Confederate States is ready to exchange prisoners on the usual terms of civilized nations.

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Cumberland Gap, January 30, 1862.

Colonel T. T. GARRARD,Commanding Seventh Regiment Kentucky Infantry.

SIR: Your polite communication of the 28th instant proposing an exchange of prisoners has been received and forwarded to General Crittenden for his orders in the premises. As soon as an answer is received from General C. I will communicate with you on the subject. I do not doubt that the proposed exchange will be mutually desirable. To expedite the exchange I respectfully suggest that if you deem it proper you may at once send the prisoners in your custody to some point near this post, and I promise on my part that on receiving them from your escort I will place in their hands an equal number of Federal

