
NEW YORK, January 30, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: I was mate of the brig Joseph and was captured by the privateer Savannah; was carried into Georgetown [S. C.] where I was a prisoner three months. When I was sent North on my way to Richmond all of my clothes were stolen. On account of my long confinement South when I got to Philadelphia I had to go into the hospital where I had to remain one month, when I started for this place, destitute, on my way home, when I was arrested by the U. S. marshal as a witness to appear against the officers and crew of the Savannah. They had their trial and the jury did not agree. Was put into the house of detention where I have been 108 days, and to-day I have been discharged without money and clothes. When I called upon the U. S. marshal and U. S. district attorney for my witness fees they said they had no money to pay me. I wanted them to give me a written order of detention so that I could use it as money. I thankfully appeal to you in my destitution, &amp;c.

Yours, respectfully,

HORACE W. BRIDGES,

Late Mate of Brig Joseph.

Please address care of Thompson D. Hunter, New York.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 31, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Fortress Monroe, Va.

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday, accompanied by one addressed by Mr. Benjamin to Mr. S. L. M. Barlow, of New York.

You have decided with your usual propriety in sending me Mr. Benjamin's letter. The one, however, to which it is a reply* was written with the consent of the authorities here.

I am, general, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 31, 1862.

To ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: You will please transfer all prisoners charged with piracy to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, and report their names, the date of their arrest and the name of the vessel upon which they were employed to this Department. This does not include offenders against the laws for preventing the slave trade.

I am, &c.,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 31, 1862.

WILLIAM MILLWARD, Esq.,

U. S. Marshal, Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.

SIR: You will please transfer all prisoners charged with piracy, including William Smith who has been convicted, to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, and report their names, the date of their arrest and

---------------

*See Seward to Wool, December 17, p. 162, with inclosure to Benjamin.

---------------

