
prisoner in confinement at Fortress Monroe. If this true I will be much obliged if the general commanding will forward any letters Colonel Pegram may desire to send to his family in Richmond by the bearer. Captain Jackins was considered out of danger by my surgeon when he was sent to Yorktown. Mr. Shurtleff's wounds were very slight. I suppose it unnecessary to state that every care and attention was offered these gentlemen.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. JOHNSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, July 30, 1861.

To the SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES:

In answer to the resolution of the Senate* of the 23rd instant requesting information concerning the imprisonment of Lieutenant John J. Worden [John L. Worden], of the U. S. Navy, I transmit a report from the Secretary of the Navy.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, July 29, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

The Secretary of the Navy, to whom was referred the resolution of the Senate of the 23rd instant requesting the President of the United States to inform the Senate "under what circumstances Lieutenant John J. Worden [John L. Worden], of the U. S. Navy, has been imprisoned at Montgomery, Ala., whether he is still in prison, and whether any and if any what measures have been taken by the Government of the United States for his release," has the honor to report that it is believed the communication of the information called for would not at this time comport with the public interest.

Respectfully submitted.

GIDEON WELLES.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Manassas Junction, July 31, 1861.

Brigadier General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of Alexandria.

SIR: Information has been given me that two soldiers of the Army of the Confederate States whilst upon picket duty were hung near Centerville on the night of the 17th instant. The object of this communication is to ascertain the nature of the offense which required this ignominious punishment and upon what evidence the decision was based. If not done by your authority I must demand that the perpetrators of this violation of the usages of civilized warfare be delivered to me for such punishment as the nature of their offense demands, or be punished by yourself.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

---------------

* Resolution omitted; substance stated in inclosure following. Lieutenant Worden had been detained in April 1861, by the Confederate authorities at Montgomery on his return from Pensacola, to which point be had made a journey as a bearer of dispatches to Captain Adams, of the U. S. ship Sabine.

---------------

