
the name of the vessel upon which they were employed to this Department. This does not include offenders against the laws for preventing the slave trade.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 31, 1862.

The Rev. Bishop EDWARD R. AMES and Honorable HAMILTON FISH.

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to inform you that $20,000 in coin has been deposited to your credit with the assistant treasures of the United States in New York City, subject to your draft individually or jointly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, Numbers 15. Washington, January 31, 1862.

Ordered, That officers and soldiers of the United States who are or may be prisoners of war shall during their imprisonment be considered entitled to and receive the same pay as if they were doing active duty.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

An act of Congress to provide for furnishing prisoners of the U. S. Army in the revolted States with clothing and other necessary supplies.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War be and he is hereby authorized and directed to furnish the prisoners of the U. S. Army in the revolted States with clothing and other necessary supplies so far as the same is practicable, and for this purpose he is authorize to employ such agencies as he may deem necessary.

[Became a law in January, 1862.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 1, 1862.

Bishop AMES, Baltimore:

It will be necessary in order to procure list of prisoners to delay Mr. Fish there until to-morrow and possibly until Monday.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 1, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

SIR: In conformity with instructions from the War Department and Adjutant-General's Office dated January 30, 1862, instructions have been given to Surg. R. S. Satterlee, medical purveyor at New York, to send to Fort Monroe medical supplies for 3,000 men (prisoners of war) and to Surg. J. M. Cuyler to receive and issue such supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FINLEY,

Surgeon-General.

