
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Superintendent Prisoners' Depot, Sandusky, Ohio.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 27th ultimo is received. Requisitions were made in your favor some time since. The delay in answering them is at the Treasury and is beyond the control of this department. The account which you give of the conduct of your contractor is very satisfactory, and I regret that the condition of the Treasury prevents the Secretary from promptly filling my requisitions and paying off these just debts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Centerville, February 1, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Commanding U. S. Army.

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War of the Confederate States to propose to you to enter into arrangements for an exchange of prisoners of war on terms in accordance with the usages of civilized warfare. This proposition is intended to be general; to embrace not merely the prisoners of war taken by the armies near the Potomac but to apply to those taken by all the forces of either belligerent. The terms of exchange which seems to me appropriate are those which have been established in modern war--equal exchange of those having similar rank and equivalent values where there is not equality of rank.

In the hope that your answer will be favorable and that we may thus together take at least one step to diminish the sufferings produced by this war, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,J. E. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Louisville, Ky., February 2, 1862.

General A. S. JOHNSTON, Confederate Army,

Commanding at Bowling Green, Ky.

SIR: Surgeon Cliffe, of your army, a prisoner of war to mine, has expressed a strong desire to be exchanged and has suggested that it could be effected with Captain Prime, U. S. Army, a prisoner of war in your hands. Accordingly at his own instance I have released him on parole to give him an opportunity to solicit the exchange, as well as that of Major Helveti, Kentucky Cavalry, for Surg. J. E. Dulaney, of your army. The conditions of Doctor Cliffe's parole are that he will not give or convey any information that might prejudice the interests of the United States and that if he fails to accomplish his object within ten days he will at the expiration of that time consider his parole canceled and report himself in person at my headquarters in this city.

This may be a fitting occasion and I avail myself of it to propose to you a general exchange of prisoners, grade for grade. If you see fit to accede to this proposition I will at once designate an officer to confer with one of corresponding rank whom you may appoint so that the matter can be arranged without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

