
Thirtieth Virginia Volunteer Cavalry; A. M. Whitten, private, Thirtieth Virginia Volunteer Cavalry; Robert R. Moss, private, Tenth Alabama Volunteer Infantry; James Williamson, private, Tenth Alabama Volunteers Infantry; Patrick Hughes, private, First Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; F. E. Long, corporal, First Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; William Nelson, private, First Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; Morris, private, Tenth Alabama Volunteer Infantry; Alexander Maxwell, private, Sixth Virginia Cavalry; William H. Dennis, private, Sixth Virginia Cavalry; Thomas H. Dunham, sergeant, Sixth Virginia Cavalry. Transportation will be furnished.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 3, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk.

SIR: I hasten to transmit a communication just received from Colonel Dimick addressed to you of the 31st instant in which you will perceive that 4 captains, 11 lieutenants and 380 rank and file will leave Fort Warren on the 3rd instant via Fort Monroe for Norfolk.

I will thank you to inform me as soon as practicable if you will receive them as I have no accommodations for the prisoners. I should be glad to forward them as soon as they arrive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, January 31, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I have the pleasure to acknowledge yours of the 20th, and I have to inform you that immediately on its receipt I required transportation for 4 captains, 11 lieutenants and 380 rank and file to Fort Monroe. The transport will sail on the 3rd of February. I also send 4 colored men, servants to the officers taken at Hatteras, and I have to request in exchange Frank W. Welch, a free colored man, a servant to a Connecticut volunteer officer, and also any other free colored men who may have been taken while employed as servants to officers. Much interest has been made to procure the exchange of G. W. Ward, of D Company,

------

Ohio Volunteers, said to be held a prisoner at Baton rouge; if not too inconvenient I should be pleased to procure his release.

Of the list of seamen you sent me Charles Barkley* has been taken to New York; Ed. With has never been here. All the other men on that list are to be released and sent South. This I learn by a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, who wrote to me for the names of the men stating it was for that purpose. Captain Berry+ is held as a prisoner of state. Should he be placed in a position to be exchanged, which I think will be done, then I will most cheerfully exchange him.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JUSTIN DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

---------------

*For case of Barkley, see Vol. II, this Series, p. 544 et seq.

+For case of Berry, see Vol. II, this Series, p. 933 et seq.

---------------

