
ARLINGTON, February 3, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

My aide-de-camp has just returned from the bearer of the flag of truce* and brings word from him as follows: That General Johnston wished him to bring back the answer himself if possible, and that if there is any chance of his being able to do so in all of to-morrow that he would stay for it; if not he would like to know in the forenoon as early as may be convenient.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 3, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Herewith I transmit a copy of a communication from Colonel Dimick to Major-General Huger at Norfolk+ by which you will perceive a large number of prisoners are to be sent South via Fort Monroe. By an order transmitted through Major General John A. Dix dated 27th of January, 1862, all prisoners of war are to be detained at Fort Monroe until further orders. As I have no place for these prisoners of war, every building being occupied, I beg to know what shall be done with them. I have four already on the Rip Raps, having no other place to put them. Is it intended that prisoners on parole shall be confined? To be permitted to run at large appears to be highly improper. As the prisoners will leave Boston on the 3rd instant I am in hopes you will be able to give me a reply by the time they arrive. To-morrow I will send Colonel Dimick's letter to General Huger.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 5. Pamlico Sound, February 3, 1862.

* * * * *

Wounded soldiers will be treated with every care and attention and neither they nor prisoners must be insulted or annoyed by word or act. With the fullest confidence in the valor and character of his troops the commanding-general looks forward to a speedy and successful termination of the campaign.

By command of Brigadier General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 4, 1862.

The PRESIDENT.

SIR: I have just received since nightfall your note++ of this day requiring my opinion upon a question of law relating to the case of one

---------------

*With Johnston's letter to McClellan, February 1, p. 231.

+Omitted here; Dimick to Huger, January 31, p. 233.

++Not found.

---------------

