
de Caradene, Seventh South Carolina Volunteers, to be exchanged for officers of the same rank. Also Sergeant Thomas H. Dunham, Sixth Virginia Cavalry; Corpl. F. e. Long, Fist kentuckY Volunteer Infantry; Private Frederick Hildebrand, Thirtieth Virginia Volunteer Cavalry; Private Robert R. Moss, Tenth Alabama Volunteer Infantry; Private James Williamson, Tenth Alabama Volunteer Infantry; private Patrick Hughes, First Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; private William Nelson, First Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; private William Morris, Tenth Alabama Volunteer Infantry, to be exchanged for men of the same grade. I ma desired to propose the exchange of Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Nichols, a major when taken, and Captain Frederick E. Prime for some prisoners of like rank in our hands. The former officer is on parole; the latter is still a prisoner.

I have not yet been informed whether any prisoners of war are confined at Fort Delaware.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 4, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

SIR: I send herewith by flag of truce the following persons: Captain W. A. Duke, North Carolina Volunteers, a prisoner of war from Fort Warren, who is on parole for thirty days unless within that time Captain James A. Farrish, Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, but should Captain Farrish be already released then some other officer of equal rank may be unconditionally released; Second Lieutenant George W. Daniel, North Carolina Volunteers, a prisoner of war who is on parole for thirty days unless within that time Second Lieutenant John W. Dempsey, Second New York State Militia, be unconditionally released and set at liberty at Fort Monroe; Lieutenants William Shaw, of Washington, N. C., and William B. Wise, Murfreesborough, North Carolina Volunteers, who are on parole for thirty days unless within that time Lieutenant A. J. Underhill, Eleventh New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant Samuel Irwin, Second New York State Militia, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, but should either of the last-named officers be already released then some other lieutenant may be unconditionally released.

Upon the above conditions being complied with the parties interested may consider themselves released from their parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel S. BURBANK, Commanding at Alton, Ill.

COLONEL: You are hereby placed in charge of the prisoners of war at Alton. A list of them will be furnished you by the officer now having charge of them. You will arrange so that the officers may be confined apart from the men. The medical officer of your command will have the general charge of the sick, aided by the surgeons, prisoners of war. The sick prisoners of war will be in all respects treated as our own sick soldiers.

