
The two offices next in rank to yourself and the surgeon of your command will be constituted a board to examine and decide what articles of clothing are necessary for the health and proper cleanliness of the prisoners where not furnished by their own Government or friends, and you will make the necessary requisitions on the quartermaster's department at Saint Louis for such articles as may be needed. The prisoners will be required to sing a receipt for any articles of clothing issued to them the same as in the case of our enlisted men, the issue in all cases to be witnessed by a commissioned officer.

The prisoners will be divided into squads for police purposes, to which squads a chief will be appointed by you or elected by themselves as you may judge best. You will cause an officer to be detailed from your command to take charge of the police of the prison who will be placed permanently upon that duty or detailed weekly or daily for that purpose as you may deem best, and who will see that the prisoners police their quarters daily in a thorough manner; those refusing to do so will be punished by confinement in the cells until they are willing to do their duty to themselves in this matter. You will see that facilities are furnished to enable the prisoners to wash their persons frequently. To this end you will make such requisitions for required articles as may be needed on the quartermaster's department at Saint Louis. Whenever the weather permits you will cause the prisoners to exercise in the open air and also to hang out their blankets and other articles of bedding. You will furnish facilities for washing their clothes. You will see that a sufficient supply of medicines and hospital stores are provided by the medical officer of your command. The chief commissary at Saint Louis will inform you what arrangements have been made for the proper supply of provisions for the prisoners, who will be supplied the same as our own troops. You will frequently inspect their rations and s properly cooked and of good quality. Their chaplains will be allowed free intercourse with the prisoners to give them religious instruction and consolation. Those who may die will be decently interred and a proper mark affixed to their place of burial, which will be within the usual grounds set apart for that purpose in the city of Alton. This you will arrange with the proper authorities. You will receive a distribute any articles of clothing or comfort which may be sent to the prisoner by their friends, and will permit them to receive from or transmit to their friends open letters to be inspected by you or by one of your officers charged with this duty which may be addressed to your care or forwarded through you.

Every measure will be adopted by you to insure their safe custody. At the same time you will exercise toward them every dictate which enlightened humanity prompts and the laws of war permit. You will cause receipts to be signed by the prisoners for all articles sent to them by friends, whether money or in kind, which receipts will be filed in your office as evidence of the delivery of the articles sent. Money will only be furnished to them in such quantities as may be necessary for their current wants. At Fort Warren it is understood the commanding officers receives funds sent to prisoners and disburses them upon their order, keeping a regular account with each. This would perhaps be the best way to proceed.

Prisoners of war holding commissions in the enemy's service will be allowed on parole the limits of the city of Alton in the daytime or be allowed to reside in the city on parole if in your discretion you may deem proper. All such paroles will be given in writing in triplicate, one copy being given to the prisoner, one retained by you and the third sent to the adjutant-general of the department.

