
U. S. S. ALBATROSS, Hamptaon Roads, July 31, 1861.

Flag-Officer SILAS H. STRINGHAM,

Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Hampton Roads.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I proceeded on my cruise the 20th instant * * * On the 22nd while off Hatteras Inlet I fell in with and recaptured the schooner Enchantress, of Newburyport, having on board a prize crew from the pirate vessel Jefferson Davis, which I have brought into port to be disposed of as you may think proper.

I am, respecptfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. PRENTISS,

Commander.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Fort McHenry, Md., August 1, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army.

COLONEL: Captain Henry Wellmore, of the Confederate Army, was sent here by Major-General Banks, arriving the morning after the state prisoners were sent to Fort Lafayette. He is desirous of being released on his parole of honor not to serve against the United States during the war unless sooner exchanged. He mentioned to me in a conversation I have just had with him the reason why he did not wish to be discharged in the Army of the United States and I recommend his release on the usual conditions. In that case I should be glad to receive the form of parole to be used. I find two or three here all varying from each other, and none administered to military prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHEAST VIRGINIA,Arlington, August 1, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Commanding at Manassas, Va.

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 31st ultimo by flag of truce. You state information has been given you that two of your soldiers whilst upon picket duty were hung near Centerville on the night of the 17th of July. This is certainly utterly without foundation, and should be classed with those rumors and accusations made against you as well as against me by people with overheated imaginations. It has as little truth as the charge generally believed here that you fired on our hospital knowing it to be such, and that your troops bayoneted all our wounded who fell into their hands, a charge I have not hesitated even against most positive direct evidence to put down as false.

I have never heard of the hanging of any man by the troops under my command and am confident not one has been hung. At the time you state, the evening of the 17th, we were not in possession of Centerville. All your men who have fallen into my hands have been treated with every consideration of which their position admitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

