
The confidential communication from the major-general direct was acted upon immediately on its receipt and Lieutenant Drouillard communicated its purport to Lieutenant-Colonel Harrison on the evening of the 3rd instant, and on his return I telegraphed the major-general that the bearer of the flag was anxious to carry the answer back himself if possible and would wait all of the 4th if there was any chance of his being able to do so, and if not he would like to know early in the forenoon--that is of yesterday. Yesterday I telegraphed you and saw you personally on the subject.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 5, 1862.

Brigadier-General CURTIS,

Commanding Southeast District, Lebanon, Mo.:

The commanding general directs you to place in possession of this office at once your correspondence with General Price, Missouri State Guard, in relation to the exchange of prisoners of war.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

MY DEAR SIR: Permit me first to thank you for the beneficent change of policy in regard to the exchange of prisoners of war for which I am perfectly aware that the country is indebted to your exertions. Had Colonel Pegram waited but a few days there would have been no obstacle in the way of his effecting the exchange contemplated. It is understood, however, that he was exchanged for Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford. We have at Fort Warren a Commodore Barron. The enemy have as prisoner of war no officer of corresponding rank in Navy. Permit me to suggest the exchange of Barron for Willcox. I am perfectly content to leave this case in your charge, but take the liberty of making this suggestion as you have so many duties pressing on your attention and for the present I have nothing but this. If I seem importunate I trust the circumstances of the case will excuse it.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

E. FARNSWORTH.

Joint resolution of the Senate and House, approved February 6, 1862.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War be authorized to procure from such officers and enlisted men of the United States Army as are now or hereafter may be held as prisoners of war in the so-called Confederate States from time to time their respective allotments of their pay to their families or friends, certified by them in writing and duly attested in pursuance of such orders as may be made for that purpose by the Secretary of War, and upon which certified

