
allotment the said Secretary of War shall cause drafts to be made payable in the city of New York or Boston to the order of such persons to whom said allotments were or may be made, and to remit drafts to the address of such person as may be designated in said allotment tickets.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 6, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy, Washington.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to inclose a letter from Mr. P. N. Spofford, of this city, relative to the exchange of Captain J. T. Morrill, who commanded the steamer Osceola which was attacked on the Carolina coast in the gale of October last resulting in the capture by the insurgents of Captain Morrill, his officers and crew, and would recommend that an exchange be made if possible.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Fort Henry, February 6, 1862.

General E. A. PAINE, Commanding, Cairo, Ill.:

You will have to make the best disposition you can of the mutinous prisoners sent from Saint Louis until I return. The prisoners of war if you have no further instructions about them will be placed in a set of the company quarters occupied by General McClernand's command and guarded. They can have no accommodations better than soldiers, and must live upon soldiers' rations, cooked by themselves. Officers will receive the same unless paid for by themselves. You can put ammunition in the casemate in Fort Cairo. If further facilities are still required make inquiries of Mr. Sanford, ordnance officer of the Navy, the best means to adopt, and if it conforms to your views adopt them.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, Ohio, February 6, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo in relation to clothing at Harrisburg and I desire to say in reply that all the articles will probably be required at this depot except a portion of the great-coats; of these not more than twenty-five will be required. I request that the clothing may be forwarded immediately as it will be desirable to throw away many of the filthy garments which the prisoners will have on when they arrive here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

16 R R--SERIES II, VOL III

