
FORT LAFAYETTE, February 6, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: I was captured on the privateer Petrel, and being a native of Western Maryland I do not desire to again go South on any condition and am willing to take the oath of allegiance in order to be released. I was in Charleston, S. C., when the war commenced and was cut off from all communication with my friends in Maryland, and the consequence was I had to do something for a living and joined the Petrel, for if I had even so much as spoken in favor of the United States Government I would have been tarred and feathered or cast into prison and otherwise been treated badly, as the feeling in the South at the time was very strong against Union men. All my relatives and friends are strong Unionists. My uncle, Colonel Thomas Hammond, is a member of the Maryland Legislature at present, and ex Governor Thomas, now a Member of Congress from the Sixth District of Maryland, is also previously acquainted with Colonel Hammond. There are also three others here that also desire to take the oath, and request me whilst writing to you to also mention their names--Richard Lewis, a native of New York, and Thomas A. Brookbanks, a native of Philadelphia. They are both from the Petrel and joined through motives similar to myself. The other is Thomas Quigley, of the Jeff. Davis, who was previously on board of her. You will oblige me much by giving the above your prompt attention as we all are anxious to leave.

I am, with great respect, yours, very respectfully,

C. H. MARRIOTT.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, Ky., February 6, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, U. S. Army,

Commanding Louisville, Ky.

SIR: Your letter of February 2 by Surgeon Cliffe, of this army, was handed to me this morning. I accept your offer to exchange Captain Prime, U. S. Army, for Surgeon Cliffe, and Major Helveti, Kentucky cavalry, for Surg. J. E. Dulaney, C. S. Army. These gentlemen, Captain Prime and Major Helveti, now on parole in the city of Nashville, will be sent to you as soon as the condition of their wounds permits them to make the journey. Whether such is just now their condition I am uniformed. Should they be obliged to remain here beyond the date of the expiration of Surgeon Cliffe's parole I will assume your extension of that parole unless otherwise advised by you.

I accept your proposition for a general exchange of prisoners, grade for grade. I designate General T. C. Hindman, C. S. Army, my representative to confer with any officer of like grade from the Army of the United States that the matter may be arranged without delay. This seems to me a fitting occasion in which to propose that the surgeons and assistant surgeons of the respective armies which you and I command be not held in future as prisoners of war but be returned to their respective armies when their services are no longer required with the wounded on whom they are attending.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON.

