
by her child and nurse, and James Cardette, all of whom are desirous of proceeding to Louisiana.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

P. S. --I also send a package of letters addressed South.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Fort Henry, February 7, 1862.

General J. A. McCLERNAND, Commanding First Division:

You will please cause to be furnished from the rebel property captured cooking utensils for 100 men including the usual outfit of tin cups, plates, &amp;c., necessary for a soldier for the use of prisoners taken at this point.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

[JOHN A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Fort Henry, Tenn., February 7, 1862.

Colonel D. STUART,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Paducah, Ky.:

Inclosed find a roll* of Confederate prisoners taken at Fort Henry and sent forward for safe-keeping until properly discharged. Security demands that the officers should not be paroled in Paducah but confined to a house (you can select the property of any notoriously disloyal person for the purpose) and not allowed to hold communication by letter or otherwise with citizens except with such restrictions as you may deem prudent. In accordance with orders from headquarters of the department officers and soldiers held as prisoners are allowed U. S. soldiers' allowance of rations and no more and must cook or provide cooks for themselves. Any article of luxury wanted by the prisoners may be allowed them where they have the means of purchasing themselves, subject to such restrictions only as the commanding officer of the post may impose.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, February 7, 1862.

Colonel J. M. TUTTLE, Commanding Second Iowa Volunteers.

COLONEL: As I am informed by General Halleck a portion of General Burbank's command will proceed to Alton to-day. The commanding officer will telegraph when everything is ready, and it is the intention of General Halleck that a guard for the prisoners to Alton should be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

