
detailed from Colonel Shepard's command now at Benton Barracks. Such prisoners now at the military prison and arsenal as the provost-marshal shall designate will be taken to Alton. He will call upon you for a guard to escort them from the military prison to McDowell's College and the commanding officer at the arsenal will send those in his charge so designated to McDowell's College under a guard detailed from his command. Those not designated he will retain at the arsenal for trial by military commission. The prisoners now in McDowell's College the provost-marshal general may name as proper to be kept here will be sent to the military prison for confinement. You will see that transportation for the baggage of the prisoners from the college to the boat is provided. For this you will make requisition on the quartermaster's department. Being relieved from the custody of the prisoners you will be prepared to move your regiment at a moment's warning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCHUYLER HAMILTON,

Brigadier General of Vols., U. S. Army, Commanding Saint Louis District.

MARSHAL'S OFFICE, EASTERN DIST. OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Philadelphia, February 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In accordance with your request of January 31, 1862, I have transferred to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, the following-named prisoners with such other information as requested: William Smith, Thomas Quigley, Daniel Mullings and Edward Rochford; were taken from on board of the schooner Enchantress, they being placed on board of said schooner by the Jeff. Davis as a prize crew and afterwards captured by the U. S. steamer Albatross and brought into this port by said steamer. They were arrested by me and taken into my custody on the 22nd day of August, 1861. Eben Lane, one of the number captured (there being five in all), was brought into court for trial on the 30th day of October and was acquitted. The others were convicted. William Perry, Richard M. Harvey, Colin Campbell, August Peyrusset, Robert Barnet, Henry Mills, Edward Flynn, Austin C. Williams, Henry Oltmans, Daniel Courtney, John N. Morgan, George Hawkins, A. C. Delahay, John C. Cunningham, Richard R. Jeffers, William H. Hazlehurst, George S. Harrison, John Mack, Hugh Monaghan, William Brain, Michael Dooling, Henry A. Rowan, John Mallings, John M. Dearing, C. H. Marriott, George H. Roberts, Thomas A. Brookbanks, Richard Lewis, Edward Murphy, John H. Edwards, Thomas Woods, John G. S. Tucket, George Sawden and John Cronin. The above-named prisoners are the crew of the Petrel, which was captured by the U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into this port by the U. S. steamer Flag. They were taken into my custody on the 8th day of August, 1861, with two others, one named Frank Albor, who died in prison November 9, 1861; the other, William Sharkey, who was admitted to bail and is now lying sick in the hospital. The others, thirty-eight in all, were safely landed at Fort Lafayette on the 5th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MILLWARD,

U. S. Marshal.

