
AUGUST 7, 1861.

By the fifty-seventh article of the act of Congress entitled "An act for establish rules and articles for the government of the Armies of the United States," approved April 10, 1806-

holding correspondence with or giving intelligence to the enemy either directly or indirectly is made punishable by death or such punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial. Public safety requires strict enforcement of this article.

It is therefore-

Ordered, That all correspondence and communication verbally or by writing, printing or telegraphing respecting operations of the Army or military movements on land or water or respecting the troops, camps, arsenals, intrenchments or military affairs within the several military districts, by which intelligence shall be directly or indirectly given to the enemy without the authority and sanction of the major-general in command, be and the same are absolutely prohibited, and from and after the date of this order persons violating the same will be proceeded against under the fifty-seventh article of war.

Approved:

A. LINCOLN.

CHEAT MOUNTAIN PASS, August 7, 1861.

General ROSECRANS, Clarksburg:

This p. m. an officer bearing a flag of truce presented himself at the picket beyond Wagner's camp. Not wishing him to come nearer than two miles even to see the valley I rode out and with several officers met him. He proved to be Major Lee and delivered the following:
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN VIRGINIA, August 6, 1861.

SIR: With a view of alleviating individual distress I have the honor to propose an exchange of prisoners. If you will cause to be forwarded a list of those in your hands including those placed on parole an equal number of U. S. troops, man for man of similar grade, will be sent to the point most covenient to their present abode. An exchange in this manner can be conveniently effected.

Very respectfully,R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

To which I replied as follows:
HEADQUARTERS NEAR HUTTONSVILLE, August 7, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE.

SIR: Your proposition inviting an exchange of prisoners is cheerfully acceded to. A list of prisones in our possession including those paroled will be delivered at the house in Tygart's Valley where this note is written on the 9th instant.

Very respectfully,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

And Major Lee was then conducted beyond our picket without having been nearer our camp than two miles and a half. They propose to exchange Manassas prisoners for Rich Mountain paroled men. Now, first, is this action on my part approved; and secondly, can it be effected here? I have sent to Colonel Bosley for his list which I think is very defective. Shall or prisoners from Manassas be brought to us,

