
forwarded to Doctor Kirkbride, Philadelphia. Your proposition to exchange Captain Prime for Captain Drew is accepted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, February 11, 1862.

Honorable EWDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I would respectfully beg your attention to the inclosed letter from one of my constructions, an officer now in confinement at Richmond, Va., as a prisoner of war. His friends urgently appeal to me to have his case brought to your notice. I will be much obliged by such action as the letter inclosed requests, if the same is practicable. The officer is William C. Harris, first lieutenant, Colonel Baker's California regiment. He was taken at Ball's bluff. An answer to this application as soon as your convenience willallow will much oblige,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. BIDDLE.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND MILITARY PRISON, January 26, 1862.

Honorable CHARLES J. BIDDLE, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: I write for the purpose of soliciting your interests in my behalf with the Secretary of War to effect my release as a prisoner of war in Richmond. Confederate officers held as prisoners of war are weekly sent from Fort Warren on parole for exchange with Federal offices in Richmond. A request from our Representative in Congress made to the Secretary of War I understand is immediately granted and an officer corresponding in rank sent to Norfolk. The release of all Federal officers that have gone North I am assured has been by this method and this only. The Confederates immediately send theofficer desigantedfor exchange to Fortress Monroe but require their officers to be released from Fort Warren previous to the U. S. officer being sent from Richmond. Theimportance of being released from confinement can only be appreciated by those now suffering. Hunanity as well as policy would require speedy action by our Government if no principle is to be sacrificed, and by the method now in practice an exchange is promptly effected without compromising my Government. If necessary for her service we are willing to remain here in filth and within prison walls ug arms we are released. Your attention to this will be greatly felt by,

Your obedient servant,

WM. C. HARRIS,

First Lieutenant, Colonel Baker's California Regiment.

Residence, 717 Arch street, Philadelphia; taken prisoner of war October 21, 1861, at Ball's Bluff, Va.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 12, 1862.

Honorable ROBERT MALLORY, House of Representatives.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 10th instant relative to the exchange of Colonel W. E. Woodruff and

