
I would further inform you or any other person selected for the purpose of making arrangements for the exchange of prisoners that the prisoners taken on board of vessels or otheriwse in maritime conflict by the forces of the United States have been put and are now held only in military custody and on the same footing as the other prisoners taken in arms.

In conclusion I have only to remark that I am ready at any moment to enter upon this important duty with no other view than a fair and honorable exchange of all prisoners and to subserve the interests of humanity.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

CAMP WOOD, KY., February 13, 1862.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff, Louisville, Ky.

CAPTAIN: Agreeable to instructions I went on the 12th under flag of truce to the enemy's lines for the purpose of arranging in regard to exchange of prisoners.

I met a Major Harrison who agreed that General Hindman should meet me at Cave City to-morrow. Since then circumstances having been changed I will not be able to meet him. I therefore return the list* of prisoners and hope that my action will meet with the approval of the general commanding.

Cave City is now inside of our lines and of course Geneal Hindman will not be able to meet his engagement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 13, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Sandusky, Ohio.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 6th instant is received and you are respectfully informed that the quartermaster-general of Pennsylvania has been requested to ahnd over the clothing referred to Captain E. C. Wilson, assistant quartermaster, who will send you the articles as soon as he receives them from General Hale.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 14, 1862.

Honorable V. B. HORTON, House of Representatives.

SIR: I had the honor to receive your letter of the 10th instant inclosing a memorial of citizens of Cincinnati in behalf of Mr. George W. Ward, now a prisoner of war at Baton Rouge, and asking the favorable attention of this Department to his case so far as to effect his release.

---------------

*The nominal list shows 4 officers and 157 soldiers.

---------------

