
[FEBRUARY 16, 1862. -For reports, correspondence, &amp;c., relating to the capture of Fort Donelson, Tenn., see Series I, Vol. VII, p. 157 et seq.]

CAIRO, February 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have directed the twelve regiments to go by Cumberland. Send prisoners direct via Terre Haute and Alton Railroad to avoid changing cars. Tilghman and staff will accept parole if offered by you. Telegraph commanding officer at Alton your wishes. Onegun ad two mortar-boats gone up Cumberland to-day.

G. W. CULLU,.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 10. Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 16, 1862.

* * * *

III. All prisoners taken at the surrender of Fort Donelson will be collected as rapidly as practicable near the village of Dover, under their respective company and regimental commanders, or in such manner as may be deemed best by Brigadier General S. B. Buckner, and will receive two days' rations preparatory to embarking for Cairo. Prisoners are to be allowed their clothing, blankets and such private property as may be carried about their person and commissioned officers will be allowed their side-arms.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DOVER, TENN., February 16, 1862.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: It is with much regret that I am forced to call your attention again to the cruel situation in which my men or eplaced by the ignorance of some of your executive officers on guard. Thousands of these men have been standing nearly alld ay in the mud without food and without fire. Whenever my officers attempt to collect their men they are arrested at almost corner of the street by some of your guards.

The arrangements suggested by me this evening to employ four or five of your officers to assist in this collection is ineffectual. Fifty messengers could not accomplish it. If you wish to give effectual relief to my men your police orders will necessarily have to undrgo material modifications.

On my way from your headquarters this evening I met opposite my quarters Captain Dodge, of one of your cavalry regiments, having in charge two of my colonels who by the orders of some officer for some unknown purpose were to be marched through the mud to your headquartrs, although one of the officers was paroled specially by General Smith. There seems to be no concert of action between the different departments of your army in reference to these prisoners.

As a means of remedying this and the other existing evils I suggest either that your interior guards be permitted to respect my pass, or

