
that you appoint a provost-marshal or other officers who shall hold his office in my headquarters, vested with authority to issue passes for all necessary purposes connected with the administrative duties of the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

P. S. -I will thank you to decide also the question in reference to private horses, whether or not transportation will be allowed for them. Ifnot their private property necessarily falls into the hands of your army.

Respectfully,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 14. Fort Donelson, Feburary 16, 1862.

During the detention of prisoners of war this place and to facilitate in collecting them and supplying their wants passes signed Brigadier-General Buckner, Confederate Army, will be respected by all inside guards.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

[JNO A. RAWLINS],

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DOVER, TENN., February 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General GRANT, U. S. Army.

SIR: The medical director of my command, Surgeon Griffin, desires to confer with the medical director of your army in reference to the disposal of sick prisoners. The office of Surgeon Griffin is at the Union Inn, in this place, where any communication from your officer will reach him.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

CAIRO, February 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLU, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: Brigadier-General Sherman, at Paducah, on yesterday informed me that on reaching this place myself and the Confederate officers with me would be sent to either Saint Louis or Cincinnati on parole. I have just learned that our destination was Alton. If not incompatible with what you deem the public interest I desire that the understanding be carried out.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y. Harbor, February 16, 1862.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq.,

U. S. Marshal, Southern District, New York.

SIR: Two of the privateersmen confined at this post, Captain William Perry and Henry Mills, bothg of the Petrel, are quite sick and need

