
comforts which cannot be given them here; therefore I wold respectfully ask that they be removed to some hospital.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

INDIANAPOLIS, February 17, 1862.

General HALLECK:

We can take care of 300 wounded at Evansville, 300 New Albany and 300 Indianapolis. We can also take 3,000 prisoners if necessary. I start a number of physicians to the fort at once. Was any Indiana regiment engaged?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

DAVENPORT, February 17, 1862.

Honorable JAMES W. GRIMES, U. S. Sentate:

Three thousands prisoners can be kept here at 16 cents each per day, Government furnishing building, fuel and guards. Government has building for 1,200 men; balance be ready in one week. Answer.

H. PRICE,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

[WAR DEPARTMENT, February 17 (?), 1862.]

[Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN.]

DEAR GENERAL: Have any instructions been given to General Buell respecting the Kentucky prisoners? Judge Wickliffe thinks they ought not on any account to be exchanged. Please order accordingly.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

They should neither be exchanged nor paroled but forwarded North.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 17, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Please send Generals A. S. [B. R.] Johnson,* Pillow* and Buckner to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, under a strong guard at once. Give instructions to the officer in command of the guard to preserve the closest watch over themand allow them no communication with any persons on the journey. Send to same place at once all the rebel officers taken who have been heretofore in our Army, as well as all field officers taken. Let the generals go separately from the others. Upon leading exact number of officers and men taken I will send instructions as to their disposition. In the meantime get them over the Ohio River to the points where they can be most securely kept. Take any steps necessary to secure them. Telegraph how many are sent to Fort Warren under this order.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN.

---------------

*Johnson escaped and Pillow was not captured.

---------------

