
elephant. I would suggest the policy of paroling all prisoners hereafter and taking a receipt for them from the commanding officer, so that exchanges may all be made on paper. Seeing the trouble I have had myself I began to pity you the moment the first cargo started.

Send me 5,000 blankets and 1,000 overcoats as soon as possible. Many were lost on the battle-field and the men are now without. We want blanks of all kinds and particularly muster-rolls for the approaching muster.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT.

P. S. -If everything looks favorable I will take and garrison Clarksville in a few days. At present I am not ready.

U. S. G.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 17, 1862.

General J. A. MCCLERNAND,

Commanding First Division.

GENERAL: It appears that during the night a large number of cpatured animals have been run off and many prisoners escaped. As the larger portion of the cavalry force of this command is in your division I wish youwould form patrols to prevent further escape, and also send a party into the country to recapture such as may be found. Direct your patrols to take all horses and other captured property found in possession of our troops and turn the same over to Captain A. S. Baxter, assistant quartermaster. In case of officers having such property they must be arrested and the names reported to these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 17, 1862.

Colonel SWEENY,

Commanding Fifty-second Illinois Volunteers:

You will take charge of the prisoners to be transported to Cairo from whence the guard will return here, furnishing the necessary number to gfuard each steamer not now provided for. You will provide two days' rations for the prisoners and four days' rations for the guards. The arms of the commissioned officers will be kept separate and returned to them at Cairo unless othewise ordered, i. e., pistols and swords. All other arms will be turned over to the quartermaster at Cairo.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding:

JOHN RIGGIN, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 17, 1862.

General S. B. BUCKNER, C. S. Army:

At the request of Major Vanderville I am about sending a flag of truce up the river as far as Clarksville for the purpose of carrying the bodies

