
of two officers of your army. If you have still a desire to effect a release of a portion of the prisoners held here an opportunity presents itself of doing so. I will release just the same number of your men that you do of Federal troops,* rank for rank. Any arrangement that you may suggest as to the place of making the exchagne will be agreeable to me.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT DONELSON, February 17, 1862.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army, Fort Donelson.

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date I suggest that the prisoners taken by the Confederate army at this plce be exchanged for an equal number of prisoners of the Second Kentucky Regiment now here and that the place of exchange be at some point on the Cumberland River, say Clarksville.

Permit me also to ask, as your flag is about to start, if I can be permitted to send a brief dispatch to General Johnston, and also if officers can send private letters (open) to their friends in the Confederate States? If your answer should be affirmative please inform me of the time of department of your flag.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., February 17, 1862.

General A. S. JOHNSTON, Commanding Confederate Army.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 6th instant. I appointed Brigadier-General Johnson on the 9th instant to confer with Brigadier-General Hindman relative to an exchange of prisoners.

I accept your proposition in substance in regard to medical officers, and in order that the rule on that subject may be as definite as possible I propose of war while in the discharge of their professional duties either on the field of battle or elsewhere may be retained to take charge of their own sick and wounded as long as their services are required. When not required for that purpose they will be sent back to their own lines under a flag of turce without parole or exchange. While employed with their sick or wounded they will be allowed all proper facilities and indulgences necessary for that object but will be liable to the usual terms of parole for prisoners of war.

This arrangement is not to be construed as interdicting either party from the adoption of rigorous measurs toward medical officers who abuse the privileges meant to be extended to them in their professional character.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VII, p. 159.

---------------

18 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

