
that duplicate invoices thereof are made and receipted, one of which goes to the owner or claimant should there be one, the o their to be promptly forwarded to department headquarters, and the commanding officer will be held accountable for such property in the samy way as if it has been regualrly issued by the Government.

V. The ownership of all private property coming into the possession of our troops and not necessary for the service is subject to the judgment of the U. S. district court, and all officers and men are enjoined to respect the mandates of this court andyeild obedience to them unless in their judgment it would be highly injurious to the public service, in which case they must return a respectful answer to that effect and report the same with reasons through the proper channel to these headquarters.

VI. Any officer failing to account for property as required by this order will be tried for disobedience of orders and conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman. Any officer taking private property without lawful authority will moreover be liable to be rpoceeded against by the owner thereof in the civil courts.

By command of Brigadier-General Rosecrans:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. -Should property mentioned in paragraph II of this order be condemned by the court the law gives half the net proceeds of the sale theeof to the informant or captor.

WASHINGTON, February 18, 1862-1. 30 p. m.

Generals HALLECK, BUELL and ROSECRANS:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to instruct you that no arrangements either by equivalents or otherwise will be made for the exchange of the rebel generals Johnson, Buckner, Pillow and Tilghman, nor for of prisoners who had served in our Regular Army, without special orders from these headquarters.

G. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 18, 1862.

General J. A. DIX, Baltimore:

Please forward the following to General Wool, Fortress Monroe:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to instruct you that no arrangements either by equivalents or otherwise will be made for the exchange of the rebel generals Johnson,* Buckner, Pillow* and Tilghman, nor for that of prisoners who had served in our Regular Army, without special orders from these headquarters.

GEO. B. MCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commading U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, February 18, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General McClellan directs that you send General Tilhman to Fort Warren with the other generals if you have him in charge.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Johnson (B. R.) escape and Pillow was not captured.

---------------

