
six or seven months since. I have made repeated applications for his exchange but without effect. I earnestly request you to include him among the first prisoners exchanged. Those mentioned by him in his letter are also entitled to be exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. MALLORY.

[Inclosure.]

COLUMBIA JAIL, S. C., February 8, 1862.

Honorable ROBERT MALLORY, M. C., Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: I have written you twice by prsons exchanged, and as Captain Morrill, of the ship Osceola, goes home to-day (exchanged) I again address you on the subject-matter of previous letters, not that I think youhave forgotten me but merely to nofity you of the fact that my wife writes me that she has received assurances fro persons in high authority that I would soon be release. Fromw hom she has derived this I do not know, nor do I know the circumstances on which it is based, but those parties must be or should be aware that so long as the privateers or eheld otherwise than as prisoners of war there can be no possible chance of our release; therefore she should not be so assured until that question is settled, as it is wrong to raise hopes that must remain in abeyance until them.

I do not like to complain nor annoy you further in reference to thismatter but it does seem to me that our Government is very tardy in doing justice to the field officers who were held as hostages. Nearly three months have elapsed since by order we have been confined and treated as felons, degraded and humiliated, and yet no steps have been taken as we are awareto relieve us from the mortifiction and suffering we have beenc ompelled to nedure. Doesthe Government ever intend to act? If so, why delay? If not, and we are to be hungup like dogs, the sooner we are advised of the fact the better, for death is farpreferable to and endless imprisonment.

I love my country-am willing to endure all a man can do for the attainment of any great end beneficial to allif convinced it is for the common good, but I confess in this instance it is not visible. Then have the privateers turned over as prisoners of war, and when this is done have a full colonel sent donw to be exchanged especially for me, as this seems the way in which other exchanges are managed.

Permit me to thank you for your services in my behalfand to call your attention again to the release of Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, Captain Austin and myself, of Second Kentucky Regiment, who have been held since July 17, 1861, now nearly sevne months, and who most respectfully urge you to insist upon such arrangements as will speedily restore us to that liberty we so much desire.

Relying upon you and other friends who actwith you for us, I remain, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. E. WOODRUFF,

Colonel Second Kentucky Infantry.

LOUISVILLE, February 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

An officer has been sent with a writ to Cairo for Geneal Buckner. Do not let him come here; the feeling against him is very bitter and

