
will lead to trouble. Keep him in your control and send him to Ohio or other point you may select. I write by mail.

T. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.

DEAR SIR: I arrived here this morning at 8 o'clock. * * * I find here an intensely bitter feeling against Buckner and do not think it safe to send him to this point. Many threats are made of lynching him if he isbrought into Kentucky. It appears that he wasindicted for treaosn some time since at Louisville, and after his capture at Donelson a writ was issued by the superior court and an officer dispatched for Cairo to bring him here for trial. Fearing trouble by the advice of some of our Union friends I telegraphed you this morning to hold him in military custody and send him to Ohio or any point you might select until the Secretary of War could be advised. I telegraphed him the purport of my telegram to you. * * * *

Very truly, yours,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 19, 1862.

Lieutenant CHARLES O. WOOD, U. S. Army,

Commanding, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: You may transfer the two prisoners, William Perry and Henry Mills, reported by you as sick and needing comforts which cannot be afforded them at the fort, to one of the military hospitals.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS.

SAINT LOUIS, February 19, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

How many prisoners of war can you accommodate in Columbus?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 19, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN, Washington:

I have thought much over your order+ relating to the captured general and field officers. All here whom I have consulted think it will have a bad effect in Kentucky and Tennessee. The Union feeling is gaining there rapidly; we must do nothing to check it. We can aford to be generous. It will have an excellent effect. Let me carry out my plan and send all officers to Columbus, Ohio, on parole. If they violate it I will hang them.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*For this document entire see Series I, Vol. VII, p. 941.

+See pp. 269, 275.

---------------

