
LOUISVILLE, February 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

A warrant has been issued and an officer sent by the State authorities to arrest and claim the custody of General Buckner on the charge of treason against the State of Kentucky. The feeling against him is so intense among a large portion of the people of the State that his presence would seriously endanger the good order of the community, and I request that he shall under no circumstances be sent here or turned over to the civil authority.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February19, 1862.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri.

GENERAL: * * * As soon as I got possession of Fort Donelson I commenced sending the sick and wounded to Paducah as seems to have been the desire of General Halleck. Nodistinction has been made between Federal and Confederate sick and wounded. Generally the prisoners have been treated with great kindness and I believe they appreciate it. Great numbers of Union people have come in to see us and express great hope for the future. They say secessionists are in great trepidation-some leaving the country, others expressing anxiety to be assured that they will not be molested if they will come in and take the oath.

* * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 19, 1862.

Brigadier General S. B. BUCKNER, C. S. Army:

I am instructed by Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding, to say to you that there is transportation now in readiness for 6,000 men, which number he desires may embark this evening. The remainder will be allowed to remain in their camps until morning.

[JNO A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SANDOVAL, February 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Ten thousand prisoners in my charge are going to you on boats. Are they in danger on river? I came by rail, but hvelost connection.

CHAS. WHITTLESEY,

Colonel Twentieth Ohio Regiment.

