
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

New York City, February 19, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: Yours of the 15th* with Doctor Woodbridge's acceptance of the appointment of medical officer at the depot at $100 per month is just received. I send a telegram to you requesting you to employ him immediately. Make a contract with him according to Form 18, medical regulations, specifying that he is to receive the fuel and quarters of an assistant surgeon. When I return to Sandusky I will approve the contract and forward it to the Surgeon-General. If I should not return you can forward it as having been made by my order. Whie the men are suffering with the mumps it may be well to quarte some of them in the officers' block nearest to the gate, north side, in the inclosure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Memoranda of the arrest of Henry Myers and Thomas T. tunstall, from Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

Henry Myers and Thomas T. Tunstall were arrested on or about the 19th day of February, 1862, at Tangier, Morocco, by the consul of the United States at that place. Myers was taken as an officer of the rebel steamer Sumter, commonly styled a privateer or private vessel, and Tunstall was charged as an accomplice of Myers, aiding and assisting him in efforts to procure coal and other supplies for the said vessel. The Moorish authorities on the requisition of the consul furnished men to make the arrest of these men and to iron and eliver them to the consul and to guard them in his house. While so confined Myers found means to cut off his irons and jump from a window and attempted to escape, but was recaptured and returned to the same custody. On the 26th day of February the said prisoners were delivered to Captain J. P. Creesy, of the U. s. ship Ino, to be forwarded to the United States. A mob of the European residents of Tangier threatened to prevent the embarkation of the prisoners but their demonstrations were suppressed by the Moorish authorities. Some ill-feeling was engendered between the consul of the United States and the representatives of European governments and some correspondence resulting therefrom ensued. While on board the Ino the siad prisoners had handcuffs put on them in addition to the shackles which had before been placed upon their ankles. On or about the 6th day of Marchthe said prisoners were trasnferred to the bark Harvest Home, Captain Dickey, an American nmercahnt vssel, to be brought to the United States. On the second day after eceiving them Captain DIckey removed the handcuffs from the prisoners and on the voyage treated them with such kindness as to elicit from each of them repeated expressions of satisfaction and of gratitude. On or about the 18th day of Aril, 1862, the said bark Harvest Home arrived at Boston and Captain Dickey delivered the said prisoners to the U. S. marshal at Boston in pursuance of his undertaking. Previous, however, to their arrival a sympathy had been aroused for them in Boston which had

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

