
become quite general and had even spread to the officers of the United States. Mr. Charles Homer, a man of wealth and position in Boston, had received a letter from his relative, Mr. Sprague, U. S. consulat Gilbraltar, saying:

I learn Tunstall, the ex-consul at Cadiz, has been arrested at Tangier with the purser of the Sumter and sent home as prisoner. I have seen this man here occasionally and have never heard him or can learn of his uttering disloyal setiments. The only thing I knew against him was his being found in bad company.

Mr. Homer had also bee requested by Mr. Sprague to advance the sum of $50 for him to Tunstall on the presumption that his necessities would reuqire such advance, which request he had spoken of to the U. S. marshal and some of his personal firends. These circumstances had prepared themids of many good people to receive with full credit and warm sympathy the minds of many good people to receive with full credit and warm sympathy the ocmplaints with which the prisoners were clamorous on their arrival, of causeless arrest and grivous cruelty of treatment. These compalints, with expressions of the sympathy excited in Boston, came to the Department of State and the Secretary sent one of his clerks to Boston with the papers on the subject to examine and report upon the case. The report made in pursuance of this order showed in addition to the above facts that Tunstall claimed always to have been a loyal citizen of the United States, and alleged that he offered on his arrest at Tangier to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, but the consul would not accept it. On being asked if he would then take the oath of allegiance he at first empahtically declined, but after a conversation with a friend he stated that he would; that said Tunstall alleged that at the time of his arrest he was on his way to Cadiz, his residence, with Myers in his company as his guest on his invitation, Myers being a former acquiantance, in which statmeent Myers concurred except that he said he had never met tunstall before; that a similar discrepancy occurred in their statmeents inregard to their ability to change their clothing with irons on their ankles while on board the harves tHome, said Tunstall alleging that such chble, while said Myers stated that it was spracticable and that they did it repeatedly on the ovyage; that said Tunstall had become estranged from his own country and disinclined to return; that his loyalty should rather by styled indifference, for he was evidently as ready to meet on terms of friendly and equal intercourse on foreign as ready to meet on terms of firendly and equal intercourse on foreign soil with traitors as with loyal men, but that in the absence of proof of any direct complicity with treason he might be discharged from custody on taking the oath of allegiance, but that the consul at Tangier had good ground in the strong probability of his guilt of rhis arres; t that the said Myers, being an officer of the armed steamer Sumter unlawfully cursing against and depredating upon American commerce in the interest and by the pretended authroity of the rebellion, ought to be detained till the close of the war, and having turned traitor while holding the commission and wearing the uniform of the United States, ought to be made to feel the hand of his country's avenging justice; that the complaints of the said prisoners of cruel treatment by the said U. S. consul at Tangeir do not appear to be well founded and that the same complaints in regard to Lieutenant Creesy, commanding the U. S. ship Ino, are probably capable of satisfactory explanation. About the same time with this examination at Boston there were received at the Department three intercepted letters, one dated February 26, 1862, from C. G. Memminger, the pretended Secretary of the Treasury of the rebel Government, to Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co., of Liverpool, being a letter of credit for 6,000 pound in fvor of t he said Myers as paymaster of the Navy

