
I must add that the Moorish authorities areentitled to great credit for their prompt assistance in aiding the arest of these men. Imust notomit also the confidential interpreter of this consulate, M. MosesParinte, who acted with great energy and activity in the capture of these men.

American citizens may talk and plot treason and rebellion at home (if they can) but they shall not do so where I am if I have the power to prevent it.

Hoping the Government will approve of what I have done in this matter,

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES DE LONG.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 20, 1862.

JOSEPH H. BRADLEY, Esq., Washington, D. C.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge your letter of the 16th instant with the inclosure for General Stone and to say in reply that he deems your letter an improper one to be sent to General Stone and will therefore withhold it. Further that your request to be permitted to visit General Stone cannot at present be complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTRS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 17. Washington, February 20, 1862.

I. Pagraph II, of General Orders, Numbers 102, from the Headquartes of the Army, dated November 25, 1861, directing the transfer of volunteers held as prisoners by the enemy to skeleton regiments, ishereby revoked.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 20, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Telegram of to-day* in referenceto captured officers received. Upon consultation with the Secretary of War itis determined to carry out the original order tos end them to Fort Warren, which please do at once.

GEO. B. MCCELLAN.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 20, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

By direction of the Secretary of War you will please send all Kentucky prisoners in your possession across the Ohio River, neither exchagning them nor liberating them on parole without special orders from these headquarters.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Reference is to telegram of 19th.

---------------

