
The three volunteer aides I take it were actual combatants with the assimilated rank of captain and are therefore I takeit subjectsof exchange.

Your letter of the 17th states that Major Allston is autroized to arrange on your part terms based upon my propositions, but the major informed Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn that he had no such autority. This I am sure was eithera mistake or the result of a change of mind which was inadevertently not made enitrely manifest in the latterpartof your letter, but I will against tate that I am free to release these prisonersat once with a firm belief that a full equivalent in both rank and number will be at once released by authority of your War Department from those of our prisoners that have been longest in your hands.

I have endeavored to treat these prisoners since they have been in my hands with all the consideration due to men in their unfortuante situation. Manyinstances of discomfort have no doubt occurred which were more the result of the necessities of the case than any disposition on our part to render their position uncomfortable. I beg to inclose a copy of general order* which I believe has been observed in reference to the prisoners to its fullest extent.

Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn will accompany the prisoners with a certified roll which he will deliver to Major Allston and take a receipt for the prisoners.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.

CAIRO, February 20, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Besides 1,000 prisoners sent to Chicago last night 2,700 here uncomfortably crowded on boats. Will send all by Illinois Central Railroad, about 700 to Chicago and 2,000 to Indianapolis. Have to send many in freight cars. Any guards at Indianapolis?

GEO. W. CULLUM.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 20, 1862.

Captain L. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Saint Louis.

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you will not send more than 5,000 prisoners of war to Chicago.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 20, 1862.

Captain L. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Saint Louis.

CAPTAIN: In reply to your inquiry as to what will be done with the officers (prisoners of war on the boats) the major-general commanding

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

