
intended as a mark of ignominy and a Senator in Congress I am told boasts of it.

I think if you could have the frankopinion of military men theywould with one voice, I do not say scndemn the act (for that is illegal), but declare it to be "extraordinary" and not in conformity to the standing interpreation of the article of war which prescribes the palces within which "any officer arrested for a crime" shall be confined. It is not denied thatin cases avowed to be "extraordinary" a prisoner for security may be elsewhere confined. Necessity justifies anything essnetial to the security of the Government; but such a course should I submit be only taken by reason of that overruling necessity on the part of the Government which annuls all other law. As you have not acted inf ixing the place of his confinement in anysuch supposed necessity, not having intended to treat General Stone in any respect out of course, I appeal to you with confidence for a change in this respect.

HENRY M. PARKER.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington, D. C., February 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

MY DEAR SIR: Inclosed I send you a letter just received from a prisoner of war in North Carolina. His letter explains the object of this letter. I know him very well and can assure you his representations are worthy of your confidence. I should be gratified if you can consistently serve him.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN P. VERREE.

[Inclosure.]

SALISBURY, N. C., January 29, 1862.

Honorable JOHN P. VERREE, Member of Congress.

DEAR SIR: I take the liberty of addressing a few lines to you in regard to the officers and crew of the U. S. transport steamer Union, wrecked November 3, 1861, on the North Carolina coast and now held prisoners of war at Salisbury, N. C. I understand the privateers men have been removed from Philadelphia to Fort Lafayette, thus removing them out of the civil and placing them under the military authority. If so I would ask that you use your influence with the Secretary of War to exchange the privateers, officers and men, for the officers and men of the transport Union, who are all Philadelphians. My residence is Numbers 1076 North Delaware Avenue.

I remain, yours, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH L. PARRY,

Chief Engineer U. S. Transport Steamer Union.

P. S. -Please answer this direct to Joseph L. Parry, prisoner of war, Salisbury, N. C.

J. L. P.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,February 20, 1862.

General MANSFIELD, Commanding Newport News.

GENERAL: Under the authority of the general commanding I demand an explanation of the movements of the steamers that passed up the

