
proceed via Fort Monroe, on his parole, to Norfolk. The proposition that he shall [be] exchangedfor Private Almrion Chapman, of Company D, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, is approved.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 21, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk.

GENERAL: I have received your communication of the 20th instant iforming me that General Howell Cobb has been authorized "to arrange with me concerning the exchange of all prisoners. " I will meet General Cobb to confer with him on the subject of exchanges on Sunday morning at 12 o'clock if agreeable, at the place where we exchange flags of truce near Craney Island.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, February 21, 1862.

Brigadier General L. MCLAWS,

Commandingat Young's Mills, Watts' Creek.

SIR: Your letter of yesterday to Brigadier-General Mansfield containing imputations as insulting as false has been referred to me for answer, I having been in charge of the two steamboats which passed up the James River under flag of truce on the 19th instant and returned on the 20th.

The inclosure of its tone is a sufficient reason for not replying to it. but that you may have no excuse for interfering in future with any arrangements that may bemade for the exchange of prisoners of war I wills tate that the steamer passed up the river by appointment of your superior for the purpose of receiving exchange dprisoners of war; that they did return immediately upon accomplishing the object of their trip, which was delayed from between 2 and 3 o'clock p. m. of the 19th until sunrise on the morning of the 20th. I will explain the cause of this delay since you seem too obtuse to hae perceived it. It was the dense fog which covered the river during the afternoon and evening. The only movemetns made by the steamers from the time of their arrival and anchoringof one and making fast of the other were caused by the current, tide and wind until the freshness of the wind which came on to blow in the evening rendered it necessary to separate the boats when the one that was not anchored moved off a short distance from the other and came to anchor herself.

Not a lead was heaved or sounding taken; the possession of good charts and pilots on o ur side precluded the necessity of doing thathad any one thought of it.

For further explnation concerning the object of this trip and the time appointed I will refer you to Major-General Huger, commanding at Norfolk, and for the time of the meeting of the flags and the hour of departure to Colonel Tyler, who was in charge of your flag.

