
George Washingtonand Express left at about noon for the appointed meeting place. The rebel boat wasappointed to meet them at 3 o'clock, but at that hour she was not in sight, and shortly after a heavy gof shut down making it impossible to move in any direction. The two boats were fastened together and having dropped anchor waited for the rebel boat to appear. The gof did not lift till late in the evening, when the wind belw so fresch that the boats dragged their anchors and hadto be separated. This morning at sunrise the expected prisoners made their appearance on the William Allison, which it seemed had also anchored for the night a few miles above us. She immediately came alongside, and the roll of prisoners being called they were transferred to our baots. The returnpassage was made without any incidents and we arrived here about 10 o'clock this forenoon. The prisoners will be immediately sent North.

* * * *

[CHAS. C.] FULTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 22, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding at Fortress Monroe.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 20th instant in relation to the exchange of prisoners together with copies of your ocrrespondence with General Huger have been received and your proceedings therein are approved.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 22, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Where is General Buckner? Has he started for Fort Warren?

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, February 22, 1862.

Major General GEO. B. MCCLELLAN, Washington:

I cannot ascertain as yet. The confusion of distributing so many prisoenrs and the failure to receive my telegrams leaves me uncertain where he how is. I think he will arrive here to-night. If so he will be sent as you have directed. If sent to another point he will be immediately forwarded.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Wayne, Mich., February 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have herewith the honor to inclose a certified list* of the prisoners of war of the cavalry under my command who were ignominiusly surrendered by Major Isaac Lynde, U. S. Army, at San

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

