
Augustine Springs, N. Mex., July 27, 1861. I beg to state that we have remained on parole of honor ever since-

not to serve directly or indirectly against the Southern Confederacy until properly exchanged by said Government of the Confederate States for prisoners of [equal]rank held by the Federal Government that may be agreed upon between the Secretary of War of the Confederate States and of the Federal Government.

Having heardthat terms of exchnge of prisoners had been agreed upon with the Southern Confederacy by Commissioners Fish and Ames and learning that there are some 15,000 rebel prisoners in our possession, I respectfully request inthename of the officers and menof my command that you will direct our exchange that we may be released from the ignominious position in which we have been placed by the cowardice of our commanding officer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Captain, Third Cavalry, Commanding Fort Wayne.

SAINT LOUIS, February 22, 1862.

ALLEN C. FULLER, Springfield:

All prisoners of war must be [well] treated and made comfortable. They must not be permitted to go to the city but be confined within the limits of the camp. It was contrary to my orders to send officers either to Springfield or Chicago. Let me know how many are at each place and I will provide for sending them to Columbus, Ohio, and other places.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 22, 1862.

Adjt. General C. P. BUCKINGHAM, Columbus, Ohio:

All troops required to guard prisoners of war will beretained till further orders. Prisoners will be well treated but will not be allowed at present to visit the city.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 22, 1862.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri, Cairo, Ill.

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a petition of suregeos now held as prisoners at this place. There are still here some 200 sick and wounded prisoners and probably 120 wounded at Clarksville. Theselatter were not taken prisoners at the fort but fell into our hands by taking possession of Clarksville. I would suggest the propriety of liberating such of the prisoners as are not likely to be fit for duty soon and a sufficient number of surgeons to take care of them. I would respectfullyrequest that Major Kuykendall, of the Thirty-first Illinois Volunteers, now at Cairo, be ordered to join his regiment, now without a field officer. There is now but little doubt but that the enemy have fallenback from Nashville to a point about forty miles south on the Chattanooga Railroad. What is the news from General Buell?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

