
[Inclosure.]

DOVER, TENN., February 19, 1862.

General GRANT, Commanding U. S. Army, Dover, Tenn.:

The memorial of the undersigned surgeons and assistant surgeons of the respective regiments that have surrendered at this point respectfully suggests that a number of the prisoners who were seriously wounded in the late actions at this place-arms and legs shot off, disabling shots through chest, shoulder and abdomen-will be totally unable for any military duty during life or a long period of years. If permitted to return to their respective homes [they] could be well cared for by their friends and relieve the United States Governmentof the troubleand expense with them.

That for ourselves we would ask to be released, pledging our honor as gentlemen that in the event of surgeons and assistant surgeons of the U. S. Army being taken prisoners by the Confederate forces andheld as such to cause ourselves to be exchanged for them, or report ourselves as prisoners of war at the nearest garrison of the U. S. Army.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO PATTERSON,

Surgeon Eighteen Regiment Tennessee Vols., C. S. Army.

[And seventeen others.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 22, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Loui, Mo.

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I send you report* of Captain E. P. Barrett, of Fiftieth Illinois Volunteers, sent up the Cumberland to return property improperly taken by Captain Moses Klein, of the Thirteenth Missouri Volunteers. Captain Klein has been ordered to reporthimself at headquarters in arrest. On the 19th I ordered a detail of one company of cavalry and three companies of infantry to proceed up the river to apprehend several hundred negroessaid to be on their way to Nashville to work in the fortifications there and who had been employed in like manner at this place; also to get a large quantity of bacon which was said to be on the river above here and belonging to the Confederate Army. Captain Klein was the senior officer of the expedition and had written instructions, which he can show, what to do. I gave him very full verbal instructions what he was not allowed to do. Hewas not to molest private property nor allow his men to insult citizens. Pillaging and burning exas expressly to be avoided. When the captain returned his report showed the capture of two citizens taken from their homes, twenty-five or thirty negroes, mostly old men, women and children, taken from their cabins, and such stores as had been provided for their maintenance. A considerable amount of property also was burned. I immediately ordered the return of such of the property as had not been disposed of by Captain Klein and he to report himself in arrest at headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

