
the frontier of their own country free of expense to the prisoners and at expense of the capturing party. " To this proposition I did not agree. I consented to adopt it in regard to all prisoners hereafter taken leaving out "frontier. " The great objection to the proposition on my part was that we had at this time in Ohio and Illinois some 13,000 prisoners taken at Fort Donelson. The question was one which I considered at least instructions. On this question I shall wait your instructions which I hope to receive by the return of Colonel Cram, whom I shall expect on Tuesday morning next. The question is considered an important one by General Cobb.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

Copy of memorandum submitted by General Cobb, C. S. Army, to General Wool, U. S. Army, at their first conference,* February 23, 1862, as the basis for a general exchange of prisoners.

1. Prisoners to be exchanged man for man and officer for officer, officers of the army and navy to be assimilated on a fair basis, and privatees to be placed upon the footing of officers and men of the navy.

2. The surplus of prisoners held by either party to be returned to the country of the prisoners on their parole of honor not to take up arms again until exchanged under the provisions of this cartel.

3. Each party upon a the discharge of prisoners of the other party is authorized to discharge an equal number of their own officers or men from parole, furnishing at the time to the other party a list of their prisoners discharged and of their own officers and men relieved from parole, thus enabling each party to relieve from parole such of their own officers and en as the party may choose. The list thus mutually furnished will keep both parties advised of the true condition of the exchange of prisoners.

4. Men and officers of a lower grade as well as of a different service may be exchanged for officers of a higher grade and of a different service. To do this without embarrassment it is agred that the basis of assimilation shall be the compensation allowed by each party to their own officers and men, and in case of privateers who receive no fixed pay to be put upon the compensation basis of officers and men of the Navy.

5. Prisoners to be discharged or paroled within ten days of their capture and to be delivered on the frontier own country free of expense to the prisoners and at the expense of the capturing party.

6. All prisoners now held by each party to be immediately discharged, and the party against whom the surplus shall be found shall receive such surplus upon their parole. Each party to furnish the other a list of those respectively discharged by it, and the party against whom the surplous is found to furnish a list of the prisoners placed on parole under this cartel, thus furnishing the basis for future exchanges.

---------------

* See Wool to Stanton, February 23, preceding; also Cobb to Benjamin, March 4, p. 812.

---------------

