
in the aggregate 179. My orders simply say report to you by letter and proceed direct to Indianapolis, Ind., and turn over above-mentioned prisoners of war to Governor Morton or his legal agent.

Happy to receive any orders, I remain your obedient servant,

WILLIAM N. WALKER,

Captain Company E, Twenty-fifth Indiana Vols., Commanding Guard.

ALTON, ILL., February 24, 1862.

Colonel BERNARD G. FARRAR, Provost-Marshal-General.

COLONEL: To-day I will be through with examinations and commence releasing to-morrow if the blanks arrive. Allow me to suggest that the rebel officers now here be removed to some other point. They will poison the minds of every man we release. In addition to that they will poison the minds of every man we release. In addition to that they are far too convenient to the rebels of Missouri who are constantly here in conference with them. The poor fellows to be released are penniless. The rebel officers here have some $300 in the hands of the adjutant of the post. It should be given to the discharged prisoners, or they should be sent down to Saint Louis on a Government boat.

Send the banks to care Colonel Burbank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. C. FLETCHER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, &amp;C.,Fort Monroe, February 25, 1862.

Lieutenant WILLIAM A. ALSTON,

Aide-de-Camp, with flag of truce at Hampton.

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding the department meant to acknowledge the receipt by flag of truce of a letter of Major-General Magruded, inclosing a copy of a letter written by myself a few days since to Brigadier-General McLaws, and a report of field officer of the day of the 14th, and to inform you that there is no reply to Major-General Magruder's communication.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE,

Key West, Fla., February 25, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: There are in the custody of the U. S. marshal for this district twenty-three men taken in the privateer Bearegard, which was brought into this port and condemned some time since. The marshal desires to know if they are to be turned over to the military authorities in accordance with orders lately given by you in New York and Philadelphia cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. BOYNTON,

U. S. Attorney.

