
The Quartermaster's Department will be instructed to furnish you with guides who know the country beyond Fort Wise and will be able to conduct you by the route you may determine upon as most expedient. Your command will be armed for defense against the Indians, for the protection of the public property in your charge and against aggression from marauding parties of any class.

The obligations of the parole given by the officers and men of your command apply only to the Confederate States and are not imperative so far as any marauding parties or bodies of men not forming a part of the Confederate Army are concerned. The obligations of the parole are equally binding upon the parties to whom it was given, and any attempt to molest your command while on the march and conforming to the stipulations of the parole should be resisted and the assailants regarded and treated as enemies. The colonel commanding directs that the most exact discipline be observed in your command and that the non-commissioned officers and men should understand that their present condition so far from relaxing imposes upon them additional obligations of obedience, good order and discipline.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. ANDERSON,

Second Lieutenant, Fifth Infty., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Indorsement on letter from Governor W. Dennison, Columbus, Ohio, August 24, 1861, to Honorable S. Cameron, Secretary of War, asking instructions in relation to supplying prisoners with clothing.

AUGUST 29, 1861.

Respectfully returned. I repeat the recommendation formerly given by this office to purchase or rent one of the islands at the west end of Lake Erie for a depot of prisoners, and to appoint a commissary of prisoners to take charge of them. Paragraph 727 of the Army Regulations provides-

The private property of prisoners will be duly respected, and each shall be treated with the regard due his rank. They are to obey the necessary orders given them. They receive for subsistence one ration each without regard to rank, and the wounded are to be treated with the same care as the wounded of the Army. Other allowance to them will depend on conventions with the enemy. Prisoners' horses will be taken for the Army.

No conventions having been made with the enemy the prisoners are entitled to no other allowances than one rations each per day. If they need clothing they should be placed where they can earn it by their labor. All this requires the care and supervision of a special officer and a proper place of detention.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaste-General.

OFF HATTERS INLET,

U. S. Flag-Ship Minnesota, August 29, A. D. 1861.

Articles of capitulation between Flag-Officer Stringham, commanding the Atlantic Blockading Squadron, and Benjamin F. Butler, major-general, U. S. Army, commanding, on behalf of the United States Government, and Samuel Barron, commanding the naval forces of the defense of North Carolina and Virginia, and Colonel Martin, commanding the forces, and Major Andrews, commanding the same forces at Fort Hatteras.

It is stipulated and agreed between the contracting parties that the forces under the command of the said Barron, Martin and Andrews

