
WHEELING, February 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWARD BATES, Attorney-General:

Have capias for Colonel John Pegram, Lieutenants C. C. Ray, Robert Billy, indicted for treason. The lieutenants captured at Roanoke. Will you surrender them to me and how shall I procure them?

E. M. NORTON,

Marshal Western District.

WASHINGTON, February 25, 1862.

Major General J. E. WOOL, Fort Monroe:

Will you be good enough to arrange the exchange of Colonels Lee and Cogswell, Major Revere and the other officers who came with them with as little delay as possible?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

SAINT LOUIS; MO., February 25, 1862.

Colonel CUTTS, Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c.:

You will with sufficient guard take General Tilgham, now a prisoner of war, and proceed with him to Indianapolis where you will also take General Bucker and with the two proceed to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, and deliver them to the commanding officer. These two prisoners will be disarmend and closely guarded and not allowed to communicate with any person whatever. If they teempt to escape put them in irons. In transferring them from one depot to another in any city you are authorized if you deem it necessary to call upon the police to assist you. The prisoners will be kindly treated adn made as comfortable as the circumstances will admit. The quartermaster will supply you with funds to pay all expenses, of which you will keep an account. Having performed these duties you will return the guard to its company and report at these headquarters.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, February 25, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Commanding:

General Buckner and staff and prisoners with them in charge of Captain Walker arrived at 12 last night and are all safely in quarters and guarded.

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 25, 1862.

Adjutant-General NOBLE, Indianapolis:

Separate General Buckner from the other officers and place him under a strong guard till Colonel Cutts arrives. He leaves here at 4 p. m. Do not permit General B. to communicate with any one.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

