
CAIRO, February 25, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Mrs. General Buckner and Mrs. Colonel Hanson and Madeira with their families were yesterday received into our lines by flag of trce on application of General Polk and under a promise made by General Grant in consideration of similar courtesies extended by General Polk after the battle of Belmont, it having been the unanimous opinion of Flag-Officer Foote, myself and other officers present that the courtesy should under the circumstances be extended in the belief that no harm could truly be done to our cause. The correspondence held under our flags of truce yesterday and they day before and the attendant circumstances are of such a nature as would place us in a false position, which would be construed into conduct on our part not worthy of our cause. I therefore most earnestly requered that they be allowed to proceed with their families to-night under Colonel Thom's escort to Saint Louis to await your instructions, the courtesy extended being subject to the approval of the President under the agreement made with General Polk. If not approved by the President they can be returned at any future day and our agreement carried out in good faith. Reply by telegraph immediately.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM, Cairo:

Your arrangement about families of officers joining them is not approved. It is forbidden by General McClellan and the Secretary of War, notwithstanding my appeal to him for a relaxation of General McClellan's orders to me. Tell them that probably in a few days when the prisoners are all distributed the request will be granted. I shall appeal to the President as soon as I can communicate with him. In the meantime obey orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ARLINGTON, February 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General AUGUR:

Colonel Wood, Fourteen Brooklyn Regiment, wounded and made prisoner at the battle of Manassas, has just returned from capacity and goes to-day to see his regiment under your command. To do honor to brave and excellent officer* I have order an escort of cavalry to go with him. He will probably arrive at 3. 30 p. m. Will you give orders to his regiment to be prepared to receive him? If I were not detained here I would go myself to assist at his reception.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Brigadier-General.

QUAERTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 25, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, New York.

COLONEL: You are directed to visit such post on the lake where propellers ae most used as you may deem necessary to make a personal

---------------

* For correspondence relating to Wood while a prisoner see pp. 724, 728.

---------------

21 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

