
prisoners be sent here till they can be crossed on a steam-boat; one will be ready to receive them as soon as the bay is free of ice. The revolvers have not yet been received nor the lanterns which I ordered in New York for lighting the prison inclosure and it would be safer to have these articles on hand before prisoners are taken charge of. I wish to be present when on hand before prisoners are taken charge of. I wish to be present when they arrive and therefore suggest that none be ordered here unitl my return. They delay will give for further instructions to the guard, which is much needed.

I postponed the erection of quarters for the commanding officer during the winter owing to the inclemency of the weather and the greater expense, and I propose now to erect a building on the plan of those already erected which will accommodate the major and doctor. In the expectation of having to receive a large number of prisoners at the depot I propose also, unless you direct otherwise, to put up an additional building for the guard which will give more room for the guard as it is and admit of another company if found necessary, as probably will be the case. The building occpied by the gard was not intended for 200 men and it is too much crowded in warm weather. These barracks being erected at this more favorable season of the year and with some changes which can be made advantage can be put up at less expense than those built in the winter. Major Pierson will telegraph to you if he is ready to receive the prisoners before my return.

My position as comissary-general of prisoners has never been announced to the Army, and in order that my authority might not be recognized merely through courtesy on the 7th of December last I requested that the Adjutant-General would notify those in charge of prisoners of war of my appointment and the extent of my authority.

I am not aware that any such notice has been given, and to avoid embarrassing conflict of authority I desire to call your attention to the subject in the hope that what is proper in the case will be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., February 26, 1862.

Colonel CHARLES WHITTLESEY,

Commanding Guard over Officers, Prisoners of War.

COLONEL: I am instructed to inform you that the major-general commanding declines to release on parole the following officers, viz: J. B. Palmer, colonel Eighteenth Tennessee Volunteers; R. W. Hanson, colonel Second Kentucky Volunteers; J. C. Brown, colonel Third Tennessee Volunteers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE ISSUING COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Saint Louis, Mo., February 26, 1862.

Captain T. J. HAINES, Chief Commissary of Subsistence.

CAPTAIN: I have done my best to comply with the instructions of your order of the 20th instant. I have visited the boats with the prisoners and supplied them with cooked rations up till this morning. I was assured that ample arrangements would be made by this time to

