
cook the rations on board the boats. I sent them full uncooked rations this morning and went over to see if they could be cooked for them. I was told that Captain Parsons, quartermater, had made arrangements with the different captains of the boats to cook for the prisoners on each boat. This might answer very well, but unless they adopt some system to avoid wasting the rations when furnished and are compelled to keep the boats and kitchens clean and in order I am afraid there will be serious complaint. The boats are in a most filthy condition. I pointed this out to them men on the boat every day I was there, and this morning I told them if everything was not clean and in good order by to-morrow I would ask for instructions to make other arrangements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN KING,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 27, 1862.

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio:

No arrangements have yet been made for the exchange of prisoners. Morgan is appointed brigadier-general.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

Tangier, February 27, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I was disappointed in my expectation in regard to the arrival of the Tuscarora on the 26th instant, as I had addressed a dispatch to her commander on the 20th, copy of which is herewith inclosed.

On the 23rd the military secretarty of the governor of Gibraltar arrived here by an express courier. I accidentally met him, and from his demeanor toward me I suspected that there was some plot on hand; shortly after this my suspictions were fully realized as I learned that the secretary was the bearer of a letter from the captain of the Sumter to the Mooris minister for foreighn affairs* demanding a release of the prisoners in my custody, and there seemed to be an unusual movement among the people. On the next day I sent my second dispatch to the commander of the Tuscarora, a copy of which is inclosed with his reply. On the evening of the 25th about 6 o'clock I received a dispatch from the Moorish minister, copy of which with my reply thereto is herewith inclosed, in which he demanded a surrender of the prisoners. My reply was conveyed to the minister at 8 o'clock of the 26th which was read and explained to him by my interpreter, who was informed by the minister that there would be no inpediment offered to my removing the prisoners.

By the time my interpreter had arrived at the consulate the U. S. ship of war Ino had anchored in the bay. Leaving of all formalities her commmander with three of his junior officers came on shore and thence proceeded to the American consulate. The commander, accompanied by my interpreter and myself, proceeded to the residence of the Moorish minister to pay our respect to him and to make arrangements for

---------------

* See Semmes to Mallory, February 24, p. 804/

---------------

