
firing a salute and about the embarkation of the prisoners. Our interview took place at 11 o'clock a. m., and in which it was repeated that there would be no objections made to their removal on board of the Ino.

After exchanging saluted of twenty-one guns which took place at 1 o'clock p. m., I consulted with the commander of the Ino about the manner of conveying the prisoners on board, and we came to the conclusion to prevent any demonstration that might be made on the conveyance of the prisoners to the beach that it would be advisable to order thirty marines to come on shore fully armed to accompany the prisoners. Prior to the arrival of our men on shore I discovered that there was a plot going on formed out of European subjects residing in Tangier to prevent the embarkation of the prisoners and to take them out of our hands at the time of conveying them to the beach. Although I had not at first much confidence in the report, bearing in mind the strict neutrality of European nations in relation to our civil war, nevertheless by the time the marines had landed on the beach the gates of the port were closed and an armed mob of between 300 or 400 Europeans residing here under the protection of foreign representative at this place had assembled at the American consulate. On hearing a noise in the street leading to the consulate the commander of the Ino, his purser, surgeon and Mr. Train, master's mate, and myself went into the street. I inquired of one of the mob who could speak English what they wanted. He replied that they were determined to have prisoners in my custody released. We immediately made a rush at them and drove them out of the street. We then returned into the consulate and closed the doors. The mob them returned and tried to break into the consulate.

I immediately sent a note to my inspector to inform the Moorish minister of what was going on and to demand of him soldier to suppress the mob. Fortunately before my interpreter got my note he had gone to the minister and informed him in relation to the mob. Them the minister sent a message to the foreign representatives to withdraw the subjects, and he also sent troops to protect the U. S. consulate and to dispere the mob, all of which was attended to promptly. of the Ino, accompanied by three of his junior officers, my interpreter and myself then proceeded to the residence of the minister at about 3 o'clock p. m., and after a few preliminary remarks I gave the minister to understanc the ultimatum of what I required and nothing short of which would I accept, which was in the following words:

First. That the gates of the port should be opened.

Second. That the marines be permitted to march uninterrupted to the American consulate.

Third. That he furnish a sufficient number of troops to keep down the mob and to accompany the prisoners to the beach.

Fourth. All of which must be complied with within one hour or I would strike and American flag and quit the contry.

The minister replied "No no; your request shall be acceded to; but I desire you to hold over unitl to-morrow when all will be quiet. "

E replied that I would consent to no delay for the reason that if would only give the mob an opportunity to make further preparations. This closed the interwiew and we returned tothe consulate. In less than one hour the gates of the port were opened, the marines marched to the consulate, the Moorish troops were on hand and the prisoners were the brought out and we marched down to the beach in the presence of

