
I understand that there is a bitter feeling against you and myself in Gibraltar-against me for what I have done in this matter, and against you for some remarks you seem to have made. I have never had the honor to know you, but you will please excuse me for adivisng you to keep cool and calm and give no offense to any one. It is hard to do so, for the English, a great many of them, are extremely insulting to the Federals, and are nearly all on the side of the rebels.

I am informed that a Federal man-of-war arrived at Cadiz on the 19th instant, and if you cannot come after them men will you do me the favor to telegraph to the captain of the man-of-war to come here immediately? It may be that the rebel portion of Europeans might combine with the Moors to raise a mob and try to have these men released. The captain of the Sumter is trying to get up a feelig in his favor for that purpose in Gilbraltar. So by all mans these prisoners should be placed on boad a Federal man-of-war as soon as possible, and I trust you will consider the very disagreeable position I am in and release me as soon as possible.

Myers is a desperate fellow. He was commissioned in the Federal Navy on the 21st of June, 1854, as paymaster with the rank of lieutenant and is a citizens of the State of Georgia. About this there can be no possible doubt. I found out his name and residence through Tunstall; the referred to the U. S. Navy Register in page 46 for the year 1861 and find Henry Myers as paymaster and as above stated.

Exluse and mistakes in my letters, as I write in great haste to get it ready for the boat about to leave.

I have the honor to be, sir, you obedient servant,

JAMES DE LONG,

U. S. Consul-General.

P. S. -I learned last evening that there is a secret movement on foot' the captain of the Sumter is making many false representation to accomplish some deep plot. I want the presence of a Federal man-of-war in this bay.

J. D. L.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

U. S. STEAMER TUSCARORA,

Off Algeciras, February 25, 1862.

JAMES DE LONG, Esq., U. S. Consul, Tangier.

SIR: On receipt of your communication of February 20 I was so situated as not to be able to leave this bay. I made no reply to yoru letter as I wished to gain time, and not through any discinlination to assist you.

I now sent to you the U. S. ship Ino, Lieutenant-Commanding Cressy, who will receive from your the rebels whom you have taken into your custody.

Will you place send me a written statement of he particular circumstances which caused you to apprehend them, how long they had been on shore in Tangier at the time of their arrest and what they were doing there?

Very respectufully, your obedient servant,

T. AUGS. CRAVEN,

Commander.

