
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

PRAISE BE TO ONE GOD!

To our dear and wise friend the consul-general for the American nation, James De Long, esq., which premised we continue to make inquiries regarding your welfare and praying God that you are well.

We have received a letter from the captain of the steamer Sumter* from the Confederate States, in which the inform us that the two men that you have seized are of the best of men and they are guiltless except that they are from the separated Confederate States.

I know that you have sent to ask from our lieutenant-governor to help you in their seizure. The lieutenant-general has accede to your demand and sent you soldiers to make the arrest without ascertaining the case, but now that we received that said letter iforming us of these men that they are of the best of men and without and fault except a politic affair, and as a matter of this character I beg that these men should be considered in this country the same that have been at Gibraltar and Cairo.

If I am to keep still in this affair after the receipt of the said letter it would appear that I am dealing different of what other people do. Therefoe we ask from you to deliver us these men to remain free as they were in other places, as we wish to act in the same manner that other nations have acted.

We have no doubt that when you receive this letter you will put them free, as our object is to do good and to cultivate friendship with all the nations, and peace.

Written on the 25th of Shabhon, year 1287-corresponidng February 25, 1862-and beg from you a prompt answer. God bless you.

The Employed of the Throne elevated by God.

MOHAMMED BARGASH.

(God may protect him.)

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Tangier, February 26, 1862-8 a. m.

To His Excellency THE MOORISH MINISTER OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS,

SIDI MOHAMMED BARGASH.

DEAR SIR: Your note of the 25th instant was duty received last evening at 6 o'clock, informing me the Your Excellency had received a letter from the captain of the steamer Sumter which you styled the Confederate States, in which they inform you that the men I have seized through the assistance of the Moorish authorities are of the best of men and they are guiltless except that they belong to the Confederate States, and therefore you demand of the their surrender.

This, may it please Your Excellency, is most extraordinary proceedings after my havin received from the Moorish authorities soldiers to make the arest inprusuance of all precedents heretofore practiced and acted upon in your country, and that too under circumstances not so aggravated as I now detail to Your Excellency.

First, there is no Government known and recognized as Confederate States, and the captain of the steamer Sumter, his crew and the men in my custody are citizens of the Federal Government of the United States which I represent in you Empire, all owing allegiance to the same.

---------------

* Omitted here; see Semmes to governor of Tangier, February 23, p. 806.

---------------

