
viz: Captain K. Garrand, Fifth Cavalry (presented yesterday to Major-General Huger); Colonel W. R. Lee, Twentieth Massachusetts; Colonel M. Cogswell, Forty-second New York; Colonel A. M. Wood, Fourteenth New York; Major P. J. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts; Surg. E. H. R. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts. Capts. Henry Bowman, Fifteenth Massachusetts; F. J. Keffer, First California; G. W. Rockwood, Fifteenth Massachusetts; R. Williams, Twelfth Indiana. Lieutenants C. A. Freeman, First Virginia; J. E. Green, Fifteenth Massachusetts; William C. Harris, First California; B. F. Hancock, Nineteenth Indiana; C. B. Hall, First Virginia; B. B. VAssell, Fifteenth Massachusetts; G. H. Wallis, Forty-second New York.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Numbers 49. Saint Louis, Mo., February 27, 1862.

Official information has been received that the rebel troops in evacuating Modtown, Ark., poisoned the provisions which they were obliged to abandon, and that forty-two officers and men of one of our regiments were poisoned by eating these provisions. One brave officer and several men have died and others have suffered terrribly form this barbarous act-an act condemned by every civilized nation, ancient and modern.

We cannot retaliate by adopting the same barbarous mode of warfare; nor can we retaliate by punishing the innocent for the acts of the guilty. The laws forbid this; but the same code authorizes us to reliable upon the guilty parties. Any person guilty of such acts, when captured will not be treated as ordinary prisoners of war; they will not be shot but will suffer the ignominious punishment of being hung as felons. Moreover, all officers are in a measure responsible for the acts of the troops under their command. Officers of troops guilty of such act, although not themselves the advisers or abettors of crime, will therefore when captured be put in irons and conveyed as criminals to these headquarters. The laws of war it their duty to prevent such barbarities; if they neglect that duty they must suffer the cnsequences.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OHIO MILITIA,ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 202. Columbus, Ohio, February 27, 1862.

No persons will be permitted to enter the prison at Captain Chase except the Governor of the State, the adjutant-general, the quartermaster-general, the surgeon-general, the Governor's private secretary, officers on duty and such persons as may be specially authorized by the Governor.

By order of the Governor:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Adjutant-General of Ohio.

