
prisoners, has been ordered to visit the several places of confinement and report what is needed. Provide until he comes only for pressing needs. Show this to the Governor.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Columbus, Ohio, February 28, 1862.

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio.

SIR: In wirtue of my office of commissary-general of prisoners I am invetsted with the supervision of all prisoners of war, and by directions of the Quartermaster-General of the Army I am required to provide for all their necessities. In the performance of these duties it will afford me much pleasure to conslt with you in relation to those at Camp Chase and have the advantage of you advice, and I will be greatly indedted to you if in my absence you will give such directions to the commanding officers at the camp in relation to the prisoners as circumstances may from time to time render necessary.

To accommodate those so unexpectedy ordered here I have direceted that the huts heretofore ocuppied by a regiment be inclosed by a suitable fence, so arranged as to give sufficient room for outhouses ant at the least possible expense. I have made arrangements with Captain Myers, assistant quartermaster, for furnishing such cloting, bedding and cooking utensils as may be absolutely requisite. To avoid the great inconvenience attending the presence of visitors to the prisoners I request that one may be admitted but near relatives, and only on your written permission in the presenc of the officer of the guard. Prisoners may be allowed to purchase through an authorized agent such articles including books and newspaper as they may wish, provided they are not inconsistent with their position. Arm and liquors of all kinds of course be prohibited. They may also send and receive open letters which do not contain objectionable matter through the officer in charge. It would perhaps be best to authorize some reliable grocer in Columbus who would not put unreasonable prices on his goods to send an agent to the camp to receive orders from the prisoners and furnish what they require, under the inspection of the officer in charge.

Paroles to visit the city may be granted only in extreme cases, provided they are found to be attended with no inconvience. Much embarrassment result from the frequent changes of the officer in charge of the prisoners, and I would respectfully urge that some suitable officer of the rank of major if possible be selected to remain permanently duty is a very responsible one and the officer selected should be of tried integrity, ability and decision of character.

No founds have been placed at my disposal to meet the expenditures necessary in providing for the support and safe-keeping of the prisoners just arrived, and I will be much obliged to you if you can order such payments as are urgent to be made by the State, to be refunded bu the Quartermaster's Department. I will request the Quartermaster-General to place in Captain Mayers' hands funds to meet these demands.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eight Regiment, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

22 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

