
that there was not difference of opinion between us on any important point. I submitted to you a memorandum I had prepared on the subject and you gave your entire approval to alll the propositions in contained excent two-the one fixing the compensation of men and officer as a basis of equivalents for the exchange of men and officers of different services and in the case of officers of different grades. In lieu of this you submitted the carte* agreed upon by Great Britain and the United States in the war of 1812 and I accepted it.

The other proposition upon which you desired time to consult your Government provided for the transfer of prisoners free of expense to the frontier of their own country. It is due to you, however, to say that this proposition of fair and just met your entire approval, and it was only because you had no instructions on the point that ou asked for further time. Upon all the other points you were fully authorized to act, having received the sanction of your Government for the propositions contained in your letter of the 13th instant to General Huger.

With a view of carrying out in good faith the exchange of prisoners upon the principles which have thus received the sanction and approval of both Governments I propose to enter into a cartes with you which shall contain the following stipulations:

ARTICLE 1. It is hereby agreed and stipulated that all prisoners of war, including those taken on private armed vessels know as privateers, now held by either party shall be at once discharged on the condition and terms herinafter set forth.

ARTICLE 2. The basis of exchange is man for man and officer for officer men and officers of lower grades to be exchanged for officers of a hinger grade, and men and officers of different services to be exchanged, and for the purpose of assimilating the position and rank of the men and officers of the same as well as different services the following rule of equivalents is adopted, to wit: For general commanding in chief or admiral, 60 men; for lieutenant-general or vice-admiral, 40 men; for major-general or rear-admiral, 30 men; for brigadier-general or commodore with board pennant and captain under him, 20 men; for colonel or captain of a line-of-battle ship, 15 men; for lieutenant-colonel or captain of frigate, 10 men; for major or commander of a sloop of war, bomb-ketch, fire-ship or packet, 8 men; for captain or lieutenant or master, 6 men; for lieutenant or master's mate, 4 men; for sub-lieutenant or ensign or midshipman, warrant officers, master of merchant vessels and captain of private armed vessels, 3 men; for non-commissioned officers or lieutenant and masters of private armed vessels, master of merchant vessel and all petty officers of ship of war, 2 men; for private soldiers or seamen, 1 man.

ARTICLE 3. All prisoners of war described in article 1 hereafter taken to be discharged withing ten days after their capture, and both the prisoners now held and those hereafter taken to be transported to the frontier of the line of hostilities at the expense of the capturing party.

ARTICLE 4. Each party shall furnish to the other within sixty days a full and complete list of the prisoners which they have respectively discharged, adn the party against whom the surplus shll be found shall then furnish to the other party a complete list of those placed upon parole s hereinafte provided for, which list will be the basis for future exchanges.

ARTICLE 5. The surplus of prisoners to be placed on their parole of honor in their own country not take up arms during the war until reguralry exchanged, as provided for in this cartel, and this rule to be applied during the war as the surplus may from time to time be found against the one or the other party.

ARTICLE 6. Prisoners hereafter taken by the party against whom the surplus exist shall within the time prescribed be discharged and delivered on the frontier, said prarty furnishing at the time a list of such prisoners to the other party, and shall also furnish as soon thereafter as practicable a list of their own prisoners whom they relieve from parole in exchange for the prisoners thus discharged, adn five days after such notice to the other party such prisoners shall be relieve from their parole.

Upon the receipt of such notice it shall be the duty of the party holding the surplus to strike form, the list of men and officers on parole the names of those thus relieved, and when prisoners are taken by parties holding the surplus they shall be discharged and delivered in the same manner, and a similar list to be furnished to the other party and the names of the men and officers to be added to the list of those on parole, and this system to be continued to the end of the war.

---------------

* See p. 303.

---------------

