
day. I sent up on Friday and again on Saturday but no prisoners, and my boat remained over night. The prisoners failing to come the boat has just returned. I am unable to comprehend why the enemy has failed to comply with their promise unless it is the moving of the troops north and south.

The Constitution has arrived and will leave to-morrow with the Twenty-first Indiana, Sixth Michigan and Fourth Wisconsin Regiments that recently arrived here for General Butler's command at Ship Island.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Madrid, March 2, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Mr. Sprague, consular agent for Algeciras, wrote me under date of 20th instant [ultimo] reporting the arrest of a person calling himself a lieutenant of the Sumter in company with Mr. Tunstall, late consul of the United States in Cadiz, by our consul, Mr. De Long, at Tangier, and inclosing his own communication to Captain Craven of the U. S. war steamer Tuscarora. You will find a copy of this communication inclosed.

Upon consideration of its contents I cannot but consider the act of Consul De Long perfectly justified. I therefore sent a telegram to Captain Craven immediately and wrote him a letter, the copies of which I inclose.

Replying to Mr. Sprague (extract inclosed) you will notice that I express my belief that Mr. Tunstall was comparatively harmless. I do not know what busines he may have had with the rebel pirates connected with the Sumter. He has been passing some weeks at Madridand only lately went to Gibraltar after the arrival of the Sumter at the port. Whilst the Sumter was at Cadiz Mr. Tunstall was at Madrid, and so far as my information goes was perfectly inoffensive though his conversation always showed his sympathies to be with the rebels. He called upon me at the legation once and his deportment and language was wholly unobjectionable at that interview, which is the only time I ever knew him. He did not impress me as a man who would probably be instrused with any very important business. The character of his conversation and deportment in other places was duly reported to me.

With highest respect, sir, your obedient servant,

HORATIO J. PERRY.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

GIBRALTAR, February 19, 1862.

[Captain T. AUGUS. CRAVEN.]

MY DEAR SIR: The inclosed note from Mr. James De Long, our consul general for Morocco at Tangier, has this night (10 p. m.) been handed to me by some passengers who have just arrived from that quarter.

