
4. That you cause to be regularly issued to each mess the same rations that are allowed to our private soldiers.

5. That you permit such persons as this department may designate to sell prisoners may wish to purchase. A moderate amount of money may be given the prisoners by their friends for this purpose. Should money be offered them in larger amounts in your opinion than [may] be necessary for this purpose, you may receive it in trust for the prisoners and issue it to them from time to time as required.

6. You will provide comfortable hospital quarters (an stores) in the prison where al the sick must be properly and kindly treated. It is supposed that ample surgical aid will be found among the prisoners; but if not you will notify this departmen, when the deficiency will be promptly remedied.

7. A strong guard will at all hours be maintained sufficient to preserve order and prevent escape.

8. Yourslef and staff and such others as may from day to day be detailed for duty will alone be permitted to visit or hold intercourse with the prisoners, unless expressly permitted by this department.

9. The list of the prisons may be examined atall reasonable hours and if a reration of friend desired to see a prisoner you may at your discretion give them an interview outside of the prison, but in the presence only of an officer or private who commands your fullest confidence.

All letters to from prisoners must be examined before delivery.

DAVID TOD,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, Ohio, March 3, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I find that there is a greater number of sick than I anticipated and to provide for them and for any further demand I propose to erect additional accommodations for the sick inside the inclosure.

In view of the large number of prisoners that must be provided for immediately I suggest that as many more building be erected within the inclosure as the nature of the ground will admit of, the buildings to be of the same plan, slightly enlarged, as those already up but much less expensive. They need be prepared for summer use, and even for winter they made be made very comfortable at considerable less cost than those we have.

If prisoners must be confined in an open camp my impression is that they can best be kept on the island by simply estending the west fence across to the water on the north side of the island and establishing a camp for prisoners on the side of the fence and for the guard on the other side. Guarding the circuit of the island by small boats relieved every two or four ours would be less arduous than keepin up a chain of sentinels about a camp on the mainland. For this plan a propeller would be indispensable.

I expect to return from Chicago on or before the 10th and would be glad to have your instructions on these points at that time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

