
SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 3, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, U. S. Army.

DEAR SIR: I have to report that there are on board steamer D. A. January-Surgeons, C. S. Army, 6; assistant surgeons, C. S. Army, 8; captain, C. S. Army, 1; lieutenants, C. S. Army, 7; nurces, steward, cooks, &amp;c., 33; wounded men, 50; sick men, 97 well men, 13.

At Paducah I supposed that there were 250 men on borad and drew from General Sherman's commissary rations for that number, but to-day I took every man's name down and I can account for only the above number. It is possible that some dressed in citizens's clothing never came on board. We have done all we could to ameliorate the condition of the sick and wounded but because they had to lie on the floor and the open condition of the boat they have suffered severely. Please send me written permission to visit the city, as I desire to call upon you and would like to make a few purchases, necessary for my own comfort, and accept this for my parole of honor that I will [not] attempt to leave the city without your permission.

Respectfully, yours,

H. GRIFFIN,

Surgeon Fiftieth Virginia, Acting Medical Director, C. S. Army.

NOTE. -Surrendered at Fort Donelson.

[MARCH 3, 1862. -For General Orders, Numbers 51, Department of the Missouri, fixing tariff for exchange of prisoners by direction of Major-General McClellan, see Vol. I, this Series, p. 171.]

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, March 4, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Sandusky, Ohio.

SIR: Your letter of the 28th ultimo desiring my assistance and aid in the care and management of the prisoners at Camp Chase was handed to me yesterday. I will most cheerfully comply with your request, governor by your general directions. Colonel Moody, now in command at Camp Chase, having desired specific instructions from me for his government, I on Sunday last gave them to him in writing, a copy of which I caused to be sent to you yesterday and which I hope will meet your approbation. We are getting along rapidly with the improvements ordered by you when here and by to-morrow will have all the prisoners quite comfortable. Major Smith will leave with the field officers for Fort Warren to-day. A complete list or roll has been made of the field officers taken with him.

They number about fifty. [Copy missing.]

[DAVID TOD,

Governor.]
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Wayne, Mich., March 4, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclosre a list* of the officers and enlisten men of my command inclused in the ignominious surrender of

---------------

* Omitted; it included 4 officers and 100 enlisted men.

---------------

