
Major Isaac Lynde, Seventh U. S. Infantry, at San Augustine Springs, July 27, 1861. Having learned that there were over 13,000 rebels prisoners captured at Forts Henry and Donelson by the Union forces I have the honor respectfully to request that Major-General Halleck now direct an exchange of an equal number of rebel prisoner for my command in order that we may at once be enabled to take the field whenever our services are required.

Very respectfully, captain your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Captain, Third U. S. Cavalry, Commading Post.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washignton, March 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to return herewith the letter* of Daniel Lord, esq., and its inclosure in relation to the condition of the prisoners of the Savanah, referred to the from the War Department of the 27th ultimo. The custody of those men is with the civil authorities I apprehend and the court alone has charge of their cases.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 5, 1862.

Honorable Mr. STANTON.

DEAR SIR: I see that there were captured at Fort Donelson Colonel Hanson, Colonel Hunt and Captain Lee. These men were officers of the State Guard of Kentucky and were instrumental is seducing the privates of that corps. They should share the fate of Generals Buckner and Tilghman. They should not be exchanged or paroled white the war lasts.

Respectfully, yours,

C. A. WICKLIFFE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., March 5, 1862.

Brigadier General HOWELL COBB, Nortflk, Va.

GENERAL: I duly received your communication of the 28th ultimo by flag of truce on the 1st instant.

I reply it is unnecessary to repeat the proposals as presented on the 13th of February, 1862, to Major-General Huger for the exchange of prisoners. They are substantially the same as presented on the 6th of February by the Honorable J. P. Benjamin to the Honorable A. Seddon and Honorable Charles M. Conrad to be presented to Bishop Ames and the Honorable Hamilton Fish as a basis for the exchage of prisoners. Messrs. Ames and Fish having no authority to negotiate the exchange of prisoners were withdrawn from their contemplated visit to the prisoners of the United States confined in the Southern States and the authority conferred on myself, as set forth in mine of the 13th of February to Major General B. Huger.

On the 23rd in accordance with previous notice you and myself met for the purpose of arraning a cartel for the exchange of prisoners.

---------------

* Omitted here; Lord to Stanton, with inclosure, January 28, p. 219.

---------------

