
This state of things has rendered it necessary to provide hospitals for them in the city. The city hospital is occupied exclusively by sick volunteers and prisoners of war, and I have consented, if you approve it, that while so occupied the necessary expenses, which amount to--- per week, be borne by the Government. It is under the charge of the physicians employed by the State to attend the sick at Camp Morton. One other building, which will accommodate 300 sick, has been rented for $104 per month, and another, which will provide for 125, has been rented for $60 per month. The latter building I propose to give up as soon as the number of sick sufficiently reduced to admit of it.

The expenses of the two hospitals will amount to $225 each per month, independent of the rent, viz: Attending physician, $100; steward, $40; two matrons, $30, apothecary, $25. War masters and attendants will be detailed from the prisoners.

To make more convenient and permanent provision for the sick than can be had here now it is suggested that an addition be made to the city hospital capable of holding 300 patiens. The hospital contains all the necessary convenience of dispensary, kitchen, &amp;c., and 300 more patiens would only require a few more attendants and nurses, with some enlargement of the cooking apparatus. The addition could probably be but up for $2,500, and as many expect there will be a great many sick and wounded of our own troops to be provided for even good after the close of the war, this expenditure would perhaps be good economy in the end. The city authorities give their consent to the arrangement and place the building entirely at the control of the Government, and I refer the matter to you.

The expenses incurred in providing for the sick prisoners will, I presume, be paid by the Quartermaster-General.

A bake-house at Camp Morton would provide a fund with which many necessaries for the troops and prisoners there might be purchased that must now be furnished by the Government, and I recommend that one be built immediately. At present the flour is given to a baker, who returns only 20 ounces of bread for 22 ounces of flour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,]

W. HOFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eight Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

Tangier, March 5, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Since the embarkation of the prisoners, Myers and Tunstall, I had every reason to believe that the representatives for foreign governments had failed to do their duty in reference to their subjects residing at this place who composed the mob of the 26th ultimo and who are under their sole and exclusive and over whom their power is unlimited. The mob was got up in the neighborhood of the residence of the consul in the market place, where they had a table with pen, ink and paper set out in the middle of the stree t signing and pledging themselves in a solomn manner to force the release of the prisoners in custody at all hazard.

In addition to this I had no evidence that they had made any attempt to witdraw their subjects and keep down the mob until they were directed to do so by the Moorish minister. I therefore addresed a circular to all the representatives asking an explanation upon the illegal

