HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 9, 1861.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Governor's Island, New York.

SIR: Your two letters of the 4th instant in relation to the prisoners of war in your charge have been received.

The General-in-Chief approves the liberty given the officers on their parole. He thinks well of their being permitted to receive sums of money and comforts but does not assent to their being visited by friends. Correspondence with them must be conducted through you and under your inspection.

The subject of issue of blankets to the prisoners will be referred to the Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUPERINTENDENT OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, September 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: I inclose herewith five letters found at the office of Mr. A. S. Sullivan, 59 William street, at the time of his arrest. I suppose those addressed to Charleston may possibly be important. The other two do not seem so.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

TOMBS, New York, July 10, 1861.

MY DEAR TEDDY: I have written three letters home since I have been here besides this; one to you just the other day, but have not had a word from any one. I would not write so soon again but expect to have a good chance for this to go, so write fearing that the others may have been stopped. I think it strange that I can't hear from any of you. Many people here get letters from Charleston and yet none of our party can get any. I have not heard a word about any of you or seen a Southern paper, and I am anxious and worried because I can't hear. I hope some of you have written, and if you have not will do so soon. I will again give you have written, and if you have not will do so soon. I will again give you the direction. Direct all letters for me to Bowdoin, Larocque &amp; Barlow, Numbers 91 Merchants' Exchange.

Yesterday we were again carried before the commissioner and our examination was again put off. The U. S. district attorney is not ready. It is put off until the 17th, so we will have been in here nearly a month without even an examination. The fact is now they have got us they don't know what to do with us, and they want do delay everything and put things off in hopes that the war will end and they can let us go, and in the meantime they keep us locked up in this infernal place. Ther is no probability that we will be tried before next September so we will have to make the best of it here this comes to an end.

Our Government might benefit us a little I think by taking the same number of prisoners as we are, searleston and locking them up in cells as we are, making them in fact answerable for us in every way. Let their treatment be governed by ours; give them the

