
act of these subjects toward the U. S. consulate. Copy of the same with their replies thereto I have the honor to submit* to the Department.

The mob was mostly composed of English, French, Spanish and Italian subjects. There was not one Moor engaged in the mob; on the contrary the Moorish soldiers performed their duty faithfully.

Through all my trials in connection with this transaction Mr. John H. Drummond-Hay, Her Britain Majesty's minister resident at this place, although he was strictly neutral was at the same time my true and faithufl friend.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES DE LONG.

P. S. -I shall carry with me to the latest period of my life the scenes of the 26th ultimo. I have heard of barbarian mobs in barbariar countries, but it is the first time in my life that I have ever heard of nearly the entire Christian population in a semi-barbarian country reasing a mob to inferfe with the acts of a Christian consul.

But thank God that I have overcome all and sustained the honor of the American flag.

J. D. L.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Tangier, March 1, 1862.

J. H. DRUMMOND-HAY, Esq.,

Her Britanic Majesty's Minister resident, Tangier.

SIR: I the afternoon the 26th ultimo the U. S. consulate was besieged, [the] American flag insulted and my life endanger by an armed mob composed of European subjects residing here under the protection of representatives from foreign governments.

The circumstances connected with the history of this outrage lead me to believe that there was no intervation by any of the representatives before mentioned to put down the mob until directions were given by the Morish minister of foreign affairs.

If temporary civil war is waging in my beloved, country we still have a Union and a Constitution which we will in God's name preserve and transmit unimpaired to our children and children's children through succeeding generations, and a flag known and honored throughout the world shall not be insulted by a rabble European mob on the coast of Africa without a proper acknowledgment being made by those who perpetrated the outrage or those who connived at it.

Trusting that in your early response to this communication you will be able to acquit yourself honorably and enable me to make a satisfactory report to my Government,

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES DE LONG,

U. S. Consul.

(Same to acting French charge d'affaires, Swedish consul-general, Italian agent and consul-general, Spanish charge d'affaires, consul-general for Portugal.)

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BRITISH LEGATION, Tangier, March 2, 1862.

J. DE LONG, Esq., U. S. Consul-General, Tangier.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday's date acquainting me that on the 26th ultimo the U. S. con-

---------------

* Replies omitted as unimportant, except that of Drummond-Hay.

---------------

