
Inclosed you will find press copies of these communications, and I beg you to command my aid and service in any way that may be useful to you or to the good service of your country.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

HORATIO J. PERRY.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Madrid, March 5, 1862.

Captain T. AUGS. CRAVEN,

Commanding U. S. War Steamer Tuscarora at Algeciras.

CAPTAIN: A telegraphic dispatch last evening tells me of the arrival of the Kearsarge at Cadiz.

Information has also reached me by mail that our consul, Mr. De Long, was in some trouble at Tangier on account of the arrest of Messrs. Myers and Tunstall, referred to in my letter of February 26, but as I have subsequent notice that these persons were safely embarked aboard the Ino and had arrived in her at Algeciras it is to be hoped that all difficulty has ceased at Tangier.

If unfortunately this should not be the case you will allow me to express my opinion that the just and patriotic action of our consul ought to be sustained at all hazards and the honor and authority of our consulate-general at Tangier must be maintained.

From my information it seems that the Moorish authorities have from the first been well disposed to have arisen from the intrigues of other foreigners at Tangier to which perhaps the authorities of Gibraltar are not wholly strangers. But neither the Government of Great Britain nor that of any other Christian power can ever have authorized nor will it sanction such proceedings.

The act of Mr. De Long was perfectly legal and proper and was performed in the legitimate exercise of precisely the same kind of authority claimed and exercised by all the consuls of the Christian powers over the subjects of their respective governments found within that jurisdiction.

It is not probable in any case that the secession sympathies of a few of the subordinate authorities of Great Britain will be powerful enough to lead that Government into the mistake of attempting in any way to diminish the consular authority and jurisdiction of the Christian powers in the Mohammedan States, an authority and jurisdiction which England more than all others is interested to maintain.

Whilst therefore I would recommend much and careful consideration to be manifested toward the Moorish authorities at Tangier, if the position of our consul is at all compromised at that place by recent events I hope you will sustain him with all the force you may have available for the purpose, exacting from those authorities all the respect and deference and protection which it is their duty to give him. A prompt and energetic demonstration by you before Tangier with even a very small force would probably tell better for the interests of our Government in its moral effect upon the Moors than a much larger expedition later when disputes may have intensified the evil and delay rendered the position of our consul worse.

I repeat, it is to be hoped that all trouble will have ceased with the withdrawal of the prisoners. You are upon the spot and will be better able to judge of the state of things thany purpose to

