
speak only of the diplomatic and political bearings of the supposed difficulty at Tangier and of such action as it might become your duty to taken in view of certain circumstances of which you will have better knowledge than I have. But it might be well at any rate whenever the exigencies of your blockade of the Sumter will permit to visit the anchorage off Tangier in a friendly way as it is some time since the Moors have seen our flag displayed by a man-of-war at that port.

I write to you as senior officer of the little squadron now present near the Straits of Gibraltar and as I suppose in command of all the ships. If I am in error please pass this communication to the flag-officer, whoever he may be, and believe me, sir, with much respect,

Your obedient servant,

HORATIO J. PERRY.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

U. S. STEAMER TUSCARORA,

Off Algeciras, March 2, 1862.

HORATIO J. PERRY, Esq., U. S. Charge d' Affaires, Madrid.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 26th ultimo and also of your telegram. The persons apprehended by Mr. De Long are now secure on board of the U. S. ship Ino, which vessel I sent for them immediately on her arrival here; she is at present on a cruise in the vicinity for the purpose of placing them on board of some homeward bound vessel.

On examination of the question of Mr. De Long's authority in this matter I became fully satisfied that he had power to make the arrests, and am very glad to find you coincide with me and sustain my opinion.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. AUGS. CRAVEN,

Commander.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, March 5, 1862.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal-General, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Referring to your note of the 3rd instant on the subject of papers referred directly to you by the Assistant Secretary of War (papers herewith returned) I am directed to state that the signature of the Assistant Secretary is to be considered as carrying the authority of the War Department, and where such references or orders concern cases purely civil or having no military connection with this army they may be acted on or executed without reference to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAS. A. HARDIE,]

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 5, 1862.

Lieutenant W. L. HASKELL, Seventh Maine Volunteers, Bath, Me.

SIR: Your letter of the 3rd of December to the Secretary of War inquiring whether there is any assurance that money sent to prisoners of war at Charleston, S. C., will reach them in safety has been referred

23 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

