
to this office for answer. There can be no assurance given on this subject but it is understood that in some cases it reaches them. Money should be sent to such prisoners through Fort Monroe, care of General Wool, commanding.

By order:

E. S. SIBLEY,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, Deputy Quartermaster-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 5, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding District.

GENERAL: It is reported that the prisoners of war on the D. A. January, foot of Market street, consigned to your care, have had nothing to eat since yesterday morning. Will you please see by whose neglect these men have been so badly treated?

Respectfully,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, Saint Louis, March 5, 1862.

Major FRANK J. WHITE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I have to report to you that I have made a careful inspection of the prisoners on board the steamer D. A. January, and have to report to you that there are ninety-five prisoners thereon whereof fifteen are not in fit condition to travel (a list* thereof is herewith inclosed). Second Lieutenant Mardis Reagin, Fifty-third Tennessee Regiment, has received a surgeon's parole, and one J. R. Neal, claiming to be a third lieutenant of the Fifty-third Tennessee Regiment, but who received no commission (and whom his fellow-officers say was of the rank he claims to be) has no parole. There are therefore but eighty prisoners to be transferred to Springfield, Ill.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. L. McCONNEL,

Commanding City Guard.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., March 6, 1862.

His Excellency DAVID TOD, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th January last in which you ask that an arrangement may be made for the exchange of Major Robert S. Granger, U. S. infantry, taken prisoner in Texas and now on parole. In reply I have to state that I referred your communication to the Adjutant-General, who reports as follows:

Major Granger, Fifth Infantry, was treacherously captured and put on parole in Texas. If free his services would be as valuable as any officer in the Army. Humanity would seem to dictate that those who are still in the hands of the enemy should be extricated before taking steps to release from parole the officers who are not.

By order of the Secretary of War:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

