
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, Ind., March 6, 1862.

Captain J. A. EKIN, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

SIR: Surg. H. Griffin, a prisoner of war, has reported to me on his parole to render his professional services to officers of the Confederate Army, prisoners of war, at this place. As those officers have been transferred to Camp Chase, Ohio, you will furnish transportation for him and a suitable guard to that point. Direct the officer in charge of the guard to report to Governor Tod at Columbus.

If Dr. Griffin is willing to give his parole to accompany an officer without a guard you will permit him to do so.

Other medical officers, prisoners of war, are expected to arrive to-day. They will be sent to Camp Chase with Dr. Griffin under the same orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

U. S. SHIP INO, off Cadiz, March 6, 1862.

Honorable RICHARD H. D ANA, Jr., U. S. Attorney, Boston, Mass.

SIR: By the bark Harvest Home, Captain Dickey, I send to the United Statesn as prisoners in irons Mr. Henry Myers, paymaster of the pirate Sumter, and Mr. T. T. Tunstall, ex-consul at Cadiz. They were delivered to me by the U. S. consul at Tangier, Mr. De Long. Full particulars of their arrest have been forwarded the State Department by Mr. De Long, the consul, who informed me on receiving them that they were engaged in Tangier in endeavoring to procure coal and provisions for the rebel steamer Sumter, now lying at Gibraltar. Their acts and conversation while at Tangier fully warranted the consul in arresting them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSIAH P. CREESY,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant, Commanding U. S. Ship Ino.

NOTE. -From Mr. Tunstall I took $55 in Spanish gold and a revolver; from Mr. Myers $45 in gold, together with four pieces of Moorish coin, value of 25 cents, and a Spanish real; also a good watch and chain and a small piece of iron. The watch is Numbers 17901, D. B. Nichols, maker, of Geneva work. On the watch chain was an American half dime.

BROWN'S HOTEL, Washington, March 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Mr. Tucker in the inclosed letter says that R. M. Harvey was tried and found guilty. This is incorrect, but I informed him it was so. No legal proceedings were taken against him except a true bill being found by the grand jury.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. S. WICKERSHAM.

[Inclosure.]

PHILADELPHIA, March 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: This will be presented by my friend M. S. Wickersham, esq., of this city, who made an application relative to the release of R.

