
M. Harvey, who was captured on board the Petrel. He was tried and found guilty. By your direction Mr. Wickersham's application for Harvey's release was referred to Mr. Webster for a report. Will you oblige Mr. Wickersham by informing him what the decision is?

Your obedient servant,

JOHN TUCKER.

CHICAGO, March 6, 1862.

Honorable DAVID DAVIS, Saint Louis.

DEAR SIR: Having spent several hours yesterday at Camp Douglas among the prisoners taken at Fort Donelson I am satisfied it would be a wise policy to liberate those who were enlisted in Kentucky and Tennessee. As a class they are extremely ignorant and removed from the influence of their officers are entirely harmless. In a majority of cases they express themselves dissatisfied with the cause which they engaged to defend, and as their experience has only brought them unexpected hardships and disappointments I am well convinced they would return to their homes quite content to remain citizens of the Union and will not hereafter be found in arms against its authorities. The prisoners whose homes are south of Tennessee should be detained until such time as their liberation can be permitted without prejudice to the public above a lieutenant so long as any forces of the South are in the field in opposition to the Government, and it will be wise to apply this rule to every State in rebellion.

Alison in his history remarks that the French Revolution was entirely carried through by the incessant application of mendacity or exaggeration to the public mind; that falsehood was its staff of life. This is eminently true of the Richmond Government, which derives its sustenance from the inventions of insanity and falsehood; but as our army advances South the terrible truth must soon overtake its people of the magnitude of the imposture which has reduced them to the verge of ruin.

Knowing your sentiments to be those of liberality and humanity I beg you will consider my suggestions as to the policy of releasing the Tennesserisoners, and if you concur that you will submit them to General Halleck for his early consideration.

I am, yours, faithfully,

JAMES ROBB.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OHIO MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 230. Columbus, Ohio, March 6, 1862.

Major Alexander S. Ballard, of the Seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is hereby detailed as permanent superintendent of the prisoners of war at Camp Chase. It will be his duty to take charge of the police of the prisons; to see that the prisoners are supplied with the proper food, clothing, wood, cooking utensils and the means generally of making themselves comfortable; to see that the hospitals are kept in order; that proper nurses are supplied; that the sick are furnished with food suited to their condition, with beds and bedding and such other conveniences as they need, and will report promptly to the commanding officer of the camp any neglect of duty on the part of surgeons, stewards, guards and all other officers and persons employed about the prison.

