
He will see that the prisoners are mustered and the roll called daily; that all letters to and from the prisoners are duly examined and that no improper communications are permitted; will make arrangements for a suitable supervision of all trading done with the prisoners by authorized persons, so that no improper articles are sold or conveyed into the prison, and will afford every facility for supplying them with such things as are proper at a reasonable price.

He will be present at all interviews that may take place between the prisoners and such persons as may be permitted to converse with them, and will see that all orders issued by proper authority in relation to the prison are strictly obeyed.

In order to carry out these instructions he will make requisition on the commanding officer of the camp for such non-commissioned officers and privates as he may need for permanent assistants, who shall be subject exclusively to his order.

All ordinary supplies needed for the prisons will be obtained on regular requisitions, and those of an extraordinary kind on requisition approved by the Governor.

He will report daily to the commanding officer of the camp: First, the number of prisoners received; second, the number discharged; third, the number present at roll-call; fourth, the condition of the prisons; fifth, the number of prisoners in the hospitals at roll-call; sixth, the condition of the hospitals; seventh, the quality of the provisions issued; eighth, the efficiency of the guard; ninth, any reasonable complaints made by the prisoners; tenth, all other facts that may be important to make up a history of the administration of the prison.

By order of the commander in chief:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., March 7, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Commanding at Fort Monroe.

GENERAL: Your dispatches in respect to the negotiations with Mr. Cobb have been received and were read to-day in Cabinet and your proceedings approved.

Your request for re-enforcements was communicated to the general commanding with a recommendation that it be complied with.

The Quartermaster-General has been directed to purchase and supply you with 500 horses for your artillery and 225 for your cavalry. It is the disposition of the Department to furnish whatever in you rjudgment the service requires.

Truly, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FORT CRAIG, N. MEX., March 7, 1862.

Dr. L. M. TAYLOR,

Asst. Surg. Fourth Texas Mounted Vols., Socorro, N. Mex.

DOCTOR: Your application for certain medicines which you state are needed for the wounded in hospital at Socorro has been received. In reply I am instructed by the colonel commanding to say that the application does not appear to be authorized by the commander of the Confederate forces, nor does it express the conditions upon whic, under the rules

