
means of writing to their friends and let them know for what purpose they are placed in that situation and I think it will bring the people here to their senses, particularly if the prisoners to answer for us are men of standing and from New York. I think you had better get some one to see Governor P[ickens] and propose this. Our authorities may have taken some measures of this sort. I write this supposing they have taken none.

I am still quite well and in good spirits. It is very hot here now. It is pretty close in our cell but not as much as so I expected for the walls are so thick the heat can't get through. We have got our cell well cleaned out now; have got rid of the vermin and are just as comfortable as we can be in here. This close confinement is bad. I am afraid when I get out (if ever I do) that I won't be able to walk. My legs are very stiff and ache me at the kness, for we have no chance to walk here; otherwise I feel first rate. Friends send my plenty of cigars and some raspberries. She comes regularly every week. Doctor Thomas also came to see my yesterday; E. C. - y comes regularly every week, sometimes twice, Mr. A. and many others. All treat me with the utmost kindness, so I have everything to keep me in good spirits and to help me to pass the time. In fact I have never felt downhearted yet, and I feel certain now that these Black Republicans can't scare me. If I could only hear from [you] that you are all well and going on as usual I would be satisfied. I assure you I feel for you all-your anxiety about me and the reports you must have heard-much more than I do about myself.

When you write tell me when you first heard of our capture and what you did hear, and tell me all about the brig Joseph. Do tell Bancroft that I hope the private property of the captain will be taken care of so he can get it. We promised him that, and we were allowed to take all our cloths so he should be allowed but the same. All our arms were taken. Captain I. ' s old Toledo I threw overboard. I would not surrender it up to the lieutenant who came on board of us. The more I think of it the bigger fool I think I am for going with such a worthless set of men from first to last. We ought never to have been captured but it is too late now. If ever I get home I will speak out. Not until then. Remember me to all my friends. Tell F. D. to write to me. Give my best love to papa, mamma and all the girls. I am quite well and hope we will give the Yankees h-I yet. All of our party are quite well. I had a chance of seeing them all in court yesterday. It is a piping hot day here. Let me hear from some of your soon. I will write again next week. Tell all not to worry about me. There is no danger of their hanging us.

Remember me to all friends, and with my best love to you, I am, yours, truly,

J. H[ARLESTON].

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Letter from Captain Baker, one of the officers of the privatter Savannah, intercepted on person of A. S. Sullivan.

TOMBS, New York, July 10, 1861.

DEAR FRANK: I wrote to you some ago and gave my letter to Reverend Doctor Cummings to post for me. I hope ere this you have received it. We have not had an examination yet. We have been up three or four times but each time the examination was postponed. To-day

