
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, Ill, March 7, 1862.

Colonel JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Irish Brigade, Commanding Camp Douglas.

COLONEL: I am pleased to say that I find prisoners of war in your charge well provided for in every way. The hospitals are well organized and the sick are having the best possible care taken of them.

The presence of so many visitors to the prisoners is attended with much inconvenience and detriment to the service, and I therefore request that hereafter none may be admitted. If friends of the prisoners desire to make contributions for them if not [of] objectionable character they will be gladly received and distributed as requested. Articles for the sick must be sent to the hospital to be used under the direction of the surgeon in charge. Money can only [be] allowed in small amounts.

Captain Potter will furnish on your requisition all articles absolutely necessary for the health and comfort of the prisoners. Please consult economy in this as much as possible.

The regular ration is larger than is necessary for men living quietly in camp, and by judiciously with withholding some part of it to be sold to the commissary a fund may be created with which many articles needful to the prisoners may be purchased and thus save expense to the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, Ill., March 7, 1862.

Captain J. A. POTTER, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

CAPTAIN: Please furnish for the use of the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas on the requisition of Colonel Mulligan, commanding, such articles of clothing, mess furniture and for police purposes as may be absolutely necessary, consulting economy as far as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 7, 1862.

Colonel S. H. BOYD,

Twenty-fourth Regiment Missouri Vols., Commanding Post at Rolla.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications dated the 1st of March forwarded by Colonel J. B. Wyman, and one of the 5th instant forwarded by you, in relation to an exchange of prisoner of war agreed upon by Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, and Colonel Coleman, of the Confederate Army, which agreement proposes the exchange of John W. Carlin, Company A, and Morton G. Skaggs, Company E, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, for Silas Hendrick and John F. Downing, of Coleman's regiment, Confederate Army. The major-general commanding directs that the exchange will be made.

