
onlypartially succeeded. One went this morning and I don't know if he will go again. Something should be done immediately to relieve the sick from their sad condition.

Just before I left Indianapolis on the 6th Doctor Griffin, of the Confederate service, reported to me on parole to render his professional services to Confederate officers prisoners of war, but as the officers referred to had been transferred to Camp Chase I ordered him there, as I did also other Confederate medical officers who were ordered to duty with regiments not at Indianapolis. Of six named in the order one only would remain. None had arrived but Doctor Griffin, and judging from his manners their presence in hospital in cities could not but have unfavorable consequences, however beneficial their services might be to the sick. They may be employed in camps where the prisoners are under close restraint to some advantage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 9, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 9, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that in accordance with your letter of instructions dated February 25 I left Saint Louis the same day and proceeded to Boston, having in charge Generals S. B. Buckner and Lloyd Tilghman, of the so-called C. S. Army and prisoners of war. Owing to the snow blockade of the roads east of Albany I did not reach Boston until 5 p. m. on Monday, March 3. That same evening and without delay I proceeded to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, and officially transferred the prisoners, Generals Buckner and Tilghman, to the charge of Colonel Justin Dimick, the commanding officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D D. CUTTS,

Colonel, U. S. Army, and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 10, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM R. MONTGOMERY, Provost-Marshal:

Report immediately to this Department by what authority and for what reason you allowed Joseph H. Stewart, a Confederate officer and a prisoner of war, to go at large in his uniform in the city of Alexandria.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., March 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: In reply to your dispatch just received I have the honor to state that I am not aware that Joseph H. Stewart, a Confederate officer and prisoner of war, was allowed to go at large; certainly not by my authority or knowledge. He went from the front of my quarters under guard to the provost-marshal, Captain Griffith, from whence I soon

