
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT WAYNE, MICH., March 4, 1862.

Honorable J. M. HOWARD, U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you the official list* of the officers and men under my command at this post. I beg to state that they compose the cavalry force included in the ignominious surrender of San Augustine Springs, N. Mex., July 27, 1861, made by Major Isaac, Lynde, Seventh Infantry.

The officers and men above referred to have been in the service of the United States Government for periods varying from five to fifteen years and most keenly feel the disgrace to which they are subjected by their obedience to the orders of their lawful superior. Hearing of the successes of the Union arms at Roanoke, Forts Henry and Donelson and of the capture of over 15,000 rebel prisoners at these places, I have the honor in the name of the officers and soldiers of my command to ask you to take such steps as you may deem proper to urge upon the Secretary of War our exchange for prisoners of war of equal rank now in our possession that we may show to the Government of the United States that we are most anxious to do our duty in the field against any of the enemies of our country and our flag. I send inclosed letter from some of your personal friends substantiating the statements above made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Captain, Third U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DETROIT, March 5, 1862.

Honorable J. M. HOWARD, U. S. Senate.

MY DEAR MR. HOWARD: This will be forwarded to you by Captain A. Gibbs, who is now stationed at Fort Wayne with two companies of old experienced cavalry. They are a portion of the force so shamefully surrendered by Colonel [Major] Lynde. After their surrender they had to give their parole not to fight against the rebels till exchanged. They now burn for an opportunity to show what they can and will do for the Union and want to get exchanged. The men and officers are all veterans in experience and a fine soldierly-looking body. If you saw them I think you would be of my opinion that each one is worth for service any two new men and that it is a pity that such effective skill and material should rust unused.

I have spoken with a great many here and all I know of [are] really solicitous that they should succeed in their desire to get into active service and blot out the memory of their former commander's conduct. If you could see the captain I am sure you would say with me that he looks just the man who should be in the field again at the head of his well-trained company.

If it is in your power (as it must be) I hope you will aid the captain's wishes. I ask it as a personal favor for which I will be much obliged. I can also add with truth that I know it will be regarded with pleasure and satisfaction by almost every man in Detroit.

Pardon me for so often trespassing upon your time, and believe me always, dear Mr. Howard, your true and sincere friend,

WILLIAM GRAY.

P. S. -If Jerome is in Washington see him. He knows the captain and has seen his men and will say all I say.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

24 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

