
week we go up again when if the prosecution are not ready my counsel will insist upon an examination or discharge. At all events the trial will not come off before the October term and the summer months will be passed within the close walls of the Tombs. It is certainly rather a dreary prospect but I can stand it. I have occasional visits from Doctor C., Father Duranquet and Father Wood, and the Sisters come twice a week. They are all very kind. To-day I expect to see one of the Sisters who is from Charleston; she sent would come to-day. She knows you. I have not heard name; in fact I did not think of inquiring. John Rice called on me yesterday and handed me a few lines from Nick and Siss. They were all well. Nick has been in twice to see me. I have quite a number of friends here who visit me occasionally. I am well supplied with books and the daily papers, and with reading and writing-manage to get through the long days very well. Our cell is quite small, little less than eight feet long by five and a half wide, so that we have no room at all for exercise. The only chance at all to stretch the legs is when I am called down to see my counsel which is not often. I have nothing to complain of but the close confinement, and I think after we have been here some time I can get the privilege of a little exercise in the yard of the prison. I get very good board for about $1 per day or a little over, having my meals just as I order them, and I have my own cot and bedding and have the satisfaction when I turn in of feeling that the bugs and vermin will not turn me out. When we first came here and were put into this cell the very appearance of it was enough to sicken a man, but afte being annoyed by bugs, lice and roaches, &amp;c., for five days, we obtained permission to have our own bedding brought in; so we had the place scrubbed and whitewashed, everything moved out, and procured a couple of camp cots that we can stow in a corner in daytime, a little out of our way, and now we are fixed as comfortable as can be in such a place as this. With money a person can get along pretty well. Without it it is horrible. The prison fare as I have seen it pass my cell door looks not fit to be eaten.

I expect Nck in again in a few days. I have first-rate counsel and no doubt they will do their best. I got some money from Nick when he was on. As soon as I can learn of the sale of the prize and cargo in Charleston and can form some estimate of what will be due me I will be able to arrange in some way to obtain some money here. I trust this will find you all well and in good spirits, as I am. My health is very good and I think I will be able to get through the warm weather. It is cooler in the cells than it is outside as the walls are thick and we have good ventilation.

Harleston is very well; Passailaigue also in very good spirits. Doctor C. see them every time he calls. He has here yesterday. I can assure you his visits are a great treat. When you write inclose your letter to J. W. Rice, 126 Chambers street, New York, post-office box 3149, and I will get it as soon as it arrives. He is very attentive, and it is a great convenience to me be able to send and receive letters without their being handled by the persons employed about the prison. Give my love to my dear father and all the rest, and believe me ever,

Your affectionate brother,

TOM.

12th. -Have not been able to post this as Rice has gone out of town. Nothing new; all well. I see Congress has passed the $400,000,000 appropriation bill. They will find it very difficult to raise the money. There is a strong undercurrent at work which I think will soon make

