HEADQUARTERS, Alton, Ill, March 11, 1862.

Colonel BERNARD G. FARRAR,Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: Herewith inclosed please find a list* of the prisoners who have petitioned for release on condition of taking the oath of allegiance and giving security. It will be observed that many of the petitioners are those taken at Fort Henry. I do not understand General Halleck's order to apply to others than those taken in Missouri but I may be mistaken in this. Several of the names may be repeated, arising from the fact of a different spelling and the names being handed in by friends who did not know that others had done the same thing. Those noted as having been "received March 3" are those who came with Colonel Freeman, no place being mentioned on the list. Those noted on the list as "unknown" are those whose place of residence is unknown. The whole number of bona fide petitioners is about 300.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. BURBANK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirteenth Infantry, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, March 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The prisoner, Lieutenant Stewart, was brought to the office of the provost-marshal under guard; was with me and not out of my office until he was sent to Washington under one of my non-commissioned officers. The whole time he was in Alexandria was about one hour, and during that time no one had any communication with him except in my presence. He neither exhibited nor had any permit from General Montgomery giving him leave to visit any one in Alexandria.

D. A. GRIFFITH,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Gibraltar, March 11, 1862.

HORATIO J. PERRY, U. S. Charge d'Affaires, Madrid.

DEAR SIR: I have received your notes of the 6th and 8th instant. The inclosures for Consul De Long were delivered to him on the 9th off Algeciras on board the U. S. steamer Kearsarge. This vessel took him over to Tangier yesterday, and she is now in sight returning to her anchorage off Algeciras. I do not expect to hear from Commander Pickering until to-morrow morning. The Tuscarora came over to this port yesterday and proceeded back to Algeciras during the evening.

The Ino has not yet returned from her cruise to the westward convoying to a certain distance the bark Harvest Home, on board of which vessel Myers and Consul Tunstall were placed, bound to New York. * * *

Yours, very truly,

HORATIO J. SPRAGUE.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

