
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The following dispatch has been received from General McClellan dated Fairfax Court-House March 12, 1862:

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Will you be good enough to request General Wool to arrange at once for the exchange of Colonel O. B. Willcox [First Michigan Infantry] and Colonel A. M. Wood, of the Fourteenth Brooklyn Regiment [Militia]; also the regular officers and men now on parole; they are of the First, Third and Seventh Infantry, perhaps others. Not an hour should be lost in this.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

Major-General Wool is directed to carry into effect if possible the above request of General McClellan.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

U S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Kety West, Fla., March 12, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have this day placed on board the U. S. steamship Rhode Island, Lieutenant S. D. Trenchard, commanding, twenty-seventh persons who were captured the 12th of November on the high seas by the U. S. sloop of war W. G. Anderson, Lieutenant W. C. Rogers, commanding. They were taken from on board the privateer Beauregard, of Charleston, a vessel having a letter of marque issued by authority of Jeff. Davis, President of the so-called Southern Confederacy, and given into the custody of the civil authorities of Key West, examined by Judge William Marvin and by him committed to prison on a charge of piracy. By instructions received from Flag-Officer William [W.] McKean, of the U. S. frigate Niagara, I was directed to transfer them to the care of Lieutenant Trenchard and this morning they were placed in his custody. The receipt of the executive officer of the steamer Rhode Island is inclosed, in which will be found a list of the names of the prisoners. The Rhode Island sails to-day for Fortress Monroe.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. CLAPP,

Marshal of Florida.

[Inclosure.]

Received Key West, March 12, 1862, of James C. Clapp, U. S. marshal southern district of Florida, the following-named prisoners of war captured by the U. S. sloop of war W. G. Anderson on board the Confederate schooner Beauregard on the 12th day of November, 1861, and brought to Key West and committed to prison by Judge Marvin of the U. S. district court for the southern district of Florida and released by order of the Secretary of State the 12th day of March, 1862:

Gilbert Hay, John B. Davis, Joseph H. Stewart, Archibald Lilly, Oliver Rowse, William Dangler, Peter Perry, James McGivern, John Burns, John Conway, Daniel Culle, H. F. Randolph, William Boyd, Charles Butcher, John Cameron, Thomas McBurney, Alexander J. Swan, Michael Kenny, Andrew Jackson, George Valentine, Henry

