
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., March 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

SIR: When General Cobb was appointed to arrange with you for a general exchange of all prisoners I received instructions to agree to no more individual exchanges.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, March 12, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The statement made to yourself and others by the Confederate prisoner Stewart that I gave him a permit to visit his friends or to go at large for any purpose whatever is utterly false. I simply saw the fellow in the street and neither spoke to or wrote a word for him. He went direct to the provost-marshal's, thence to Washington and under guard. Lieutenant Dunham, adjutant Third New Jersey Volunteers, who delivered the prisoner, will fully confirm the foregoing.

WM. R. MONTGOMERY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Alexandria.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Fernandina, Fla., March 12, 1862.

Captain L. H. PELOUZE,

A. A. A. G. Hdqrs. Expeditionary Corps, Hilton Head, S. C.

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant-Colonel Holland, First Florida Special Battalion, with six men, who were taken by one of our cruisers when approaching her in a boat under a flag of truce, has been transferred to my charge by Flag-Officer Du Pont, and in accordance with his views and my own I shall return the colonel and his party to their friends under a flag of truce which now only awaits good weather for starting. A copy of the flag-officer's letter upon the subject is herewith.

An assistant surgeon, Dr. Henry G. Lungren, of the Confederate Army, has also been transferred to my charge by the flag-officer. Doctor Lungren was captured on board the steamer Darlington, which was loaded with military supplies, private property, &amp;c., which were being removed from Fernandina on the arrival of our gun-boats, and there were also on board many of the inhabitants of the place (men, women and children). Doctor L. being the only person attached to the military service I have placed him on his written parole in town and shall await instructions in regard to the disposition to be made of him. He is anxious to be allowed to return to his family on parole not to serve till exchanged, and assigns as his reason for asking such indulgence that his family is entirely unprotected, having left here during the evacuation of the place, and that his child is in such delicate health as to need his attention. I have no doubt his parole may be relied upon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

