
SANTA FE, N. MEX., March 12, 1862.

Colonel PAUL, Commanding Fort Union, N. Mex.

SIR: As commander of the troops of the Confederate States of America now occupying Santa Fe, N. Mex., I have the honor to inform you that I have taken as prisoners of war Sergeant Wall and Privates James Kessler and George Flagg, U. S. Army. In conformity to the general custom of the Government of the Confederate States these prisoners for the same number taken by the U. S. troops, and if it be in conformity with the rules of civilized warfare as contended by the United States Government I propose to exchange the prisoners taken and released on parole as above specified in the following manner, to wit: Sergeant Wall and Privates James Kessler and George Flagg for Privates Andrew Long, William Perryman and William Cappers, privates of the C. S. Army, released on parole by you.

I hereby return the transportation furnished our prisoners. You will please notify me by earliest opportunity when this arrangement can be effected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PHILLIPS,

Captain, C. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 13, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 12th instant accompanying copies of General Huger's letter to you dated March 12 has been received.

This Department has at present no further instructions to give in relation to prisoners' exchange, having exhausted all the means in a fruitless effort to establish a just and liberal system of exchange with the enemy. Should any opportunity offer hereafter to accomplish the object in accordance with the instructions heretofore given you will embrace it or ask further instructions as the case may require.

Truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, March 13, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Sandusky, Ohio:

Direct your quartermaster of prisoners to have steamboat ready to transport them to the island.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

SANDUSKY, March 13, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

Telegram of this day received. I want the order for movement of prisoners to pass through me to prevent delay.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

