
under a proper guard furnished by the commanding officer of the district. The Confederate officers will be paroled and sent to Columbus, Ohio, to report to the commanding officer at that station.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 6. Saint Louis, March 14, 1862.

Colonel R. D. Cutts, Major John J. Key and Lieutenant C. W. Canfield will constitute a military board to visit Springfield and Chicago, Ill., and Indianapolis, Ind., and examine all privates and non-commissioned officers who have or who may apply to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and give their parole and proper security for good and loyal conduct in future. Printed copies of the oath, parole and bond will be circulated among the prisoners, so that no one who may hereafter be released can plead [ignorance] of the obligation he may take. A full report will be made as to the character of the parties applying to take the oath of allegiance and the security which each one can give; also whether in the opinion of the board the applicant should be released. Having completed these duties the board will return to headquarters and report.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 25. Washington, March 15, 1862.

The provost-marshal-general of the Army of the Potomac and his subordinates will turn over to Brigadier-General Wadsworth, military governor of the District of Columbia, the buildings and premises occupied in the city of Washington and all the public property belonging thereto, and from and after it being so turned over the provost-marshal's office will be withdrawn from the city of Washington and all the force employed in the military police of the city will be henceforth under command of Brigadier-General Wadsworth as military governor of the District. General Wadsworth will establish his headquarters in the building heretofore used and occupied by the provost-marshal in the city of Washington.

The provost-marshal-general and his subordinates will also turn over to Brigadier-General Wadsworth as military governor of the District of Columbia all the military prisons and prisoners within the District of Columbia and all contrabands now in custody, and the same shall henceforth be under command of the military governor of the District of Columbia. General Wadsworth will forthwith assume command as military governor of the said District.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

