
its way to the surface, and rather prove a check to some of Abe's unconstitution moves. The war is becoming very unpopular among the people of the North. Great distress is anticipated among the laboring and poor classes the coming winter. God help them, for Abe won't. I have just had a visit from Mr. Nivens, of N. S. &amp; Co. He says the war has pretty nearly closed up his business. John Harleston had the pleasure of receiving a few lines from his brother, dated July 3, in Charleston. I suppose it came a roundabout way. I received a few lines from Aunt Kate dated 11th. All well.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

TOMBS, New York, July 18, 1861.

DEAR FRANK: I have been expecting to hear from you but up to the present time I have not heard anything at all from Charleston. John Rice brought me a file of Mercurys of dates from 4th June to 28, and I can assure you it was quite a treat to get them. I understand the sister of Father O'Neill and Miss M. Cunningham will leave here this week for Charleston. I may have an opportunity to write by them. We are all were here and in good spirits. I do not think if we are convicted that we will be punished otherwise than by imprisonment. The grand jury have indicted us for piracy and yesterday we were taken before the U. S. cicrcuit court for arraignment, but as our counsel had not seen a copy of the indictment for examination they asked for time and we were remanded to be arraigned next week on Tuesday.

I have not seen Doctor Cummings for some days. I imagine he is out of town. Reverend Father Duranquet visits the prison twice a week. He is a Frenchman and very pleasant. The Sisters of Mercy visit the prisoners once a weekad the please of seeing one of your friends from Charleston, Sister Mary Paul. She has been here three years. When she heard of my imprisonment she at first throught it was you, as she did not know any other Captain Baker in Charleston, and yet she thought it could not be, as you were too mild to engage in such warlike adventures. She is a very pleasant lady and very friendly. You can see that though closely confined I am not without friends. I feel the want of exercise very much, particularly in my legs. Apart from that my health is first rate.

We are in daily anticipation of the news of a great battle between General McDowell's corps d'armee of 55,000 men and our gallant Beauregard with his little army of patriots. McD. yesterday was at Fairfax. I pray that God will assist our cause. I feel confident that we must triumph in the end.

There was great excitement here when the news was received of Coxetter's being off the coast in the Jeff. Davis. Several vessels were immediately sent out in pursuit of him. I hope that he was well out of their way before they left here. The next news was of Semmes in the Sumter. The folks here were actually frightened. I should not be surprised if they blockade their own ports for fear the "bold privateers" may come in and take vessels from the wharves. The little Savannah is fitting out at the Brooklyn Navy-Yard. They are putting a new foremast in her and I believe intend her for a supply vessel or tender. I hope some of our boys may catch sight of her [in] Southern waters and take her into Charleston. I have not heard from the Philadelphia folks for some days, but expect Nick on. They were all well when last heard from. Captain Peck paid me a visit yesterday. He is a rabid Lincoln man. Give my love to all, and believe me over,

Your affectionate brother,

TOM.

