
a war merely, and not a political struggle-maddened, desperate, and aimed to destroy rather than submit to a political defeat. Believing as I do that the practice I have spoken of is a serious evil and that the only way of remedying it is for the Secretary of War to make general regulations upon the subject, to be departed from by commanding officers only for pressing reasons, I therefore suggest that youc all his attention to the matter. I have no fear that General Halleck will again fall into the error, but in my opinion few of our officers are equal to him in correctness of judgment.

Yours, very truly,

F. A. DICK.

SAINT LOUIS, March 15, 1862.

Governor RICHARD YATES, Springfield, Ill.:

Have you accommodations at Chicago for all the prisoners of war at Springfield? A board of officers will be at Springfield to examine all cases for release on parole and oath of allegiance. I think many from Tennessee and Kentucky might be released with safety. I have written you about Huntley's and Dodson's companies.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, March 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoner, Sandusky, Ohio:

Telegram of 14th received. Orders for removal of prisoners cannot be given by the Quartermaster-General. Consult General Halleck, who has their disposal under his control.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WASHINGTON, March 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Sandusky, Ohio.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 7th instant from Chicago has been received. General Halleck has charge of the prisoners from Lafayette, Ind., and be governed by his orders.

By order:

E. S. SIBLEY,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, Deputy Quartermaster-General.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., March 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Third Artillery, Commanding Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to reportthat the present limits to which Brigadier-General Stone is now confined are insufficient for the preservation of his health; that his health now suffers for the want of proper exercise, and that he requires more

