
exercise than can be obtained at Fort Lafayette. Therefore I would suggest that his place of confinement be changed for the benefit of his health.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. D. LYNDE,

Assistant-Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 18, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War with the recommendation that the place of confinement of General Stone be changed to Fort Hamilton and such limits be assigned him as the commanding officer of the post may deem proper and necessary to General Stone's health.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, Ark., March 15, 1862.

General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding U. S. Army at Sugar Creek.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Colonel Clay Taylor who bears this letter to you under flag of truce is instructed by General Van Dorn, commanding this district, to confer with you in his behalf relative to an exchange of prisoners.

Colonel Taylor has under his charge Lieutenant-Colonels Herron and Chandler, whom the general commanding will be glad to exchange for Colonel Hebert and Major Tunnard, of the Louisiana volunteers. You will also receive from Colonel Taylor a list of other prisoners now in our hands whom it is the wish of the general commanding to exchange as soon as practicable.

Doctors Scott and Elliott desiring to accompany Colonel Taylor in order to recover the remains of relatives who fell during the engagement of the 7th instant, the general commanding hopes it will not be inconsistent with your views to permit them to enter your lines for this purpose.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ohio, March 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: You will be glad to know that our prison discipline works well. The prisoners, about 1,300 in number, mostly officers, make but little complaint as to their treatment. The sick list is diminishing in number and we have but few deaths. Our accommodations are ample for about 1,500. There are many boys and very aged menw ho should be discharged, and I hoped ere this to have received some instructions from you on that subject. Large quantities of clothing, stores and money are daily arriving for the prisoners from their friends in Tennessee and Kentucky. The clothing and stores are distributed at the discretion of the donors and the money at my discretion.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

