
510, and of the Scotch Regiment 451. The Fifty-third regiment, Colonel Cushman, is also there, and are very anxious to get away. His regiment is well armed and in good fighting condition. I have sent them orders to report to you immediately. Colonel Mulligan thinks he needs them there to do guard duty, but Governor Yates thinks it is unnecessary to keepso many troops to guard the prisoners. Should you determine to send no more prisoners here but have those now here sent to Chicago, the Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, now here, can be sent to Saint Louis as soon as the prisoners are sent away. The Twelfth Cavalry is an eight-company regiment. Seven full companies are now here and the other, Captain Gilbert's, is in Saint Louis. Under these circumstances what shall be done? We wish to send all the troops to you we can and only keep enough here to guard prisoners, but the number necessary to do guard duty we wish you to determine. There are accommodations for 7,000 prisoners at Chicago and 5,000 here and both are good places to keep them. Their distribution or concentration of course you must decide, and this is only written in view of the report that you were soon to send more to this State and to explain fully how matters now stand here. The suggestion in Governor Yates' dispatch about sending prisoners here to Chicago was made to relieve the Twelfth Cavalry here from guard duty and allow them to go into the field. What is to be done with the horses the prisoners might remain here. What is to be done with the horses for this regiment? Captain Gilbert's company at Saint Louis and Captain Gilmore's company here are all that have horses. When and where are the other six companies to get their horses?

Yours, respectfully,

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, Ohio, Marh 17, 1862.

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio.

SIR: Your favor of yesterday is just received but not the copy if a letter to Secretary Stanton which you intended should accompany it. To save time I have telegraphed to you to this effect.

I do not think there is any prospect of the removal of prisoners from Camp Chase. Some of them may be sent here in a few days but their places will be filled very soon. If there are other camps to which they might be sent they will probably be occupied by other by other prisoners. My engagements in this section will prevent my having the pleasure of visiting Columbus for some time, but if there is any special call for my presence I can come down at any time.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, Ohio, March 17, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have made an arrangement with the contractors, Messrs. Gregg &amp; West, by which

