
SAINT LOUIS, March 18, 1862.

Colonel J. A. MULLIGAN, Chicago:

When medical officers, prisoners of war on parole, fail to do their duty to their own sick they will be put in close confinement and their names reported to me in order that I may send them to the military prison at Alton or to Fort Warren. No such medical officer will be released on parole or exchanged.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Springfield, March 18, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK.

DEAR SIR: I am informed that you haver or are about to have more prisoners on your hands. As perhaps the barracks are more comfortable here than elsewhere and all the causes of apprehension of which I spoke to you when in Saint Louis are now removed more prisoners might be sent here if you desire. The accommodations here are pronounced very good.

Very respectfully,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

OFFICE COMMISARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, Ohio, March 18, 1862.

Colonel J. A. MULLIGAN,

Irish Brigade, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: A letter addressed to the Secretary of War by John V. Farwell, president Young Men's Christian Association, asking that the chapel at Camp Douglas erected by the association and now used as a hospital be returned to their control has been referred to me with the request that I give orders in accordance with their wishes. You will therefore please remove the sick from the chapel to any suitable building in your camp which can be made available for the purpose.

Mr. Farwell also asks in the name of the association that they may have every facility for holding meetings among the prisoners of a religious character and the undisturbed use of the chapel for that purpose. If the prisoners desire it it would be very proper and very gratifying to permit them to attend service at the chapel when any minister offers to preach to them, but the prisoners only must attend the service on such occasions; there must be no mingling of our troops or visitors with them. The association cannot be permitted to hold meetings with the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky, Ohio, March 18, 1862.

Captain JAMES A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Indianapolis, Ind.

CAPTAIN: I have authority to put an extension to the city hospital and to build a bake-house at the camp and I wish you would prepare

