
I inclose some newspaper slips which you may find interesting. I hope this will find you all well. Do not be anxious about me. I am as comfortable as can be, and trust all will be well. I will write you as often as I have anything new.

[Sub-inclosure-newspaper clipping.]

THE TRIAL OF THE PRIVATEERSMEN.

At 3 o'clock yesterday the case came up against at the Tombs. The counsel for the defense and prosecution pending the opening of the case amused themselves by cracking jkes over the recent failue of the Columbia County panel of jurors and in splitting hairs over the laws of treason and piracy. After consultatin the case was adjourned over to Wednesday next at 3 p. m., neither the defense nor the prosecution caring to press the matter in view of the certainty of indictment.

It is expected that the indictment will be presented by the grand jury on Monday, in which case he prisoners will be duly arraigned, held on the indictment and regularly tried. This will obviate the necessity for any more action before Commissioner Henry. The probability is expressed by the prosecution that in view of the difficulty in finding a judge and jury to try the case during the approaching ho season it will go over until September.

All the prisoners, seventeen in number, were brought into court yesterday, all except the captain and first officer being manacled.
HEADQUARTERS FOR COLUMBUS, September 10, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: If not prohibited I propose: First, to issue such articles of clothing to the prisoners of war as will make them comfortable; second, to restrict the officers to certain limits on their parole; third, to confine the men to Castle William, and a short limit outside the castle at certain hours of the day for exercise; fourth, to let their friends and well-wishers in New York City, &amp;c., send them little articles for use and confot and convenience, of course under inspection; fifth, to restrict personal intercourse with them from all except on important business, to be judged of by the commanding officer; sixth, not to allow more than $20 cash to be sent to one man (a prisoner) and all money sent to be reported to the commanding officer; seventh, to allow Mr. Kendall, the sutler of this post, to supply them such little necessaries as they may desire and he to send them; eighth, to alow open letters to pass between the prisoners and their friends and those tradespeople desiring to furnish them at their (the prisoners') expense, of course with the understanding that all such as shall contain objectionable matter are to be rejected.

Respectfully submitted.

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel First Infanty, Commanding.

HEADQUATERS, Saint Louis, September 13, 1861.

Brigadier General J. A. McCLERNAND, Cairo:

I want to prisoner delivered up without special orders from me.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

