
has arrived in our lines with a flag of truce, bringing two lieutenant-colonels for exchange and naming the officers they wish in their stead; also to make arrangements for the exchange of other prisoners; and the case of Captain Von Woldemar and others will be considered and attended to as quick as arrangements of exchange can be made.

By order of Brigadier-General Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y. Harbor, March 20, 1862.

E. D. WEBSTER, Esq.

SIR: I most earnestly entreat to be released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance (if that be necessary). I am a Spaniard but a resident of Liverpool, England. Being a seaman and out of employment at Charleston, S. C., necessity not inclination led me to ship on board the privateer Savannah. I have been a prisoner since the 3rd of last June and will gladly accept any conditions by which I may obtain my liberty.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOSEPH CRUZ DEL CANO.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Madrid, March 20, 1862.

JAMES E. HARVEY, Esq.,

Minister of the United States, Lisbon.

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 14th instant reached me whilst I was in bed two days since with a severe catarrhal attack of pain in the side. I am up to-day and have written in reply to Mr. Sprague at Gibraltar, who sent me the Gibraltar Chronicle and his own ideas in a dispatch addressed to Mr. Adams just before I fell ill.

He is with you and abounds in the same ideas expressed by yourself in regard to the matter at Tangier.

In writing to him I find I have been betrayed by the circumstances into replying to you both, as I have both your letters before me. Be so good as to consider Mr. Sprague's letter as addressed to yourself in all respects not personal with him and save me the labor of repeating to you the same ideas, as I am not yet quite well. Copy inclosed.

Yours, very truly, &amp;c.,

HORATIO J. PERRY.

[Inclosure.]

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Madrid, March 20, 1862.

MY DEAR SPRAGUE: I have read your dispatch* to Mr. Adams under envelope to me of 12th instant. * * *

I notice that your Gibraltar Chronicle labors in argument over the case of Messrs. Myers and Tunstall, arrested by Consul De Long at Tangier.

Nearly the whole Tory press of England has also written more or less on that theme. The most of these articles are based upon the English assumption of two belligerent powers and a state of neutrality toward them on the part of Morocco. But this assumption was gratuitous and

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

