
In making the arrest I did it with a full knowledge of what I believed to be the law and with a view of restraining these men from committing further depredations upon our commerce. I pursued the whole thing step by step, using the utmost caution to avoid leading my Government into trouble, although on the 26th of February my life was in the greatest possible danger, brought about by Captain Semmes of the pirate Sumter, through the interference of the Governor of Gibraltar as well as nearly the entire European population of Gibraltar and this place, where money was offered freely to the mob if they would secure the release of the prisoners.

I believe I was the only man in the place on the day of the mob that was not excited. Even Prince Muley Abbas, who is residing here at present and who is said to be a very intelligent, mild, innocent sort of a man, when he heard of the mob made the remark, "What the devil have the Christians to do with the American consul's prisoners?"

During the short time I have been here my whole time and attention have been devoted to the interest of my Government, and what is my reward? Last evening three letters came to this place addressed to different parties from Brown, my late predecessor, informing them that the Senate had not confirmed my appointment and that the President had appointed a Mr. McMath, of Ohio, in my place and that he would be here shortly. This information came at a very inpportune moment as it will be freely circulated throughout Europe that I have been recalled for my arrest of Myers and Tunstall; and besides what effect this news may have upon the minds of the Moorish authorities is yet to be revealed.

On the 10th instant the U. S. steamer Kearsarge paid a visit to this place to inquire after the safety of the U. S. consulate pursuant to the event of the 26th of February, which interview was very interesting. Assurances of the protection of the U. S. consulate, as well as the kindly r the United States Government and this country, were entertained by the Moorish minister at the time. Arrangements were also made about exchanging a salute, which took place shortly after. The Kearsarge remained here until the next day and then returned to Algeciras.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES DE LONG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 21, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Nashville, Tenn.

GENERAL: There seems to be a good many complaints about paroled prisoners of war in Louisville. Would it not be well to send them away, the officers to Columbus and the privates to Indianapolis? If any were sent there from Fort Donelson it was without my knowledge or authority except in one single case where the officer was sick and his parole was asked for as a particular favor by Messrs. Guthrie and Prentice, who agreed to take charge of him. I permit all officers of posts, &amp;c., to give furloughs to our sick soldiers on surgeon's certificates. This is undoubtedly sometimes abused but it frees our hospitals and is economical to the Government. Moreover where the men are permitted to return to their own States to be nursed by their friends they recover much sooner.

In haste, yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

