
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 22, 1862.

JOSEPH H. GEIGER, Esq.,

Special Mail Agent, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant inquiring whether the letters received at the post-office for prisoners on parole at Columbus, Ohio, are to be delivered to them without examination by the commanding officer at Camp Chase. In reply the Secretary instructions me to inform you that on reference of your letter to the Adjutant-General he reports that "all letters to and from prisoners in confinement are subject to examination, and it seems a proper precaution that the same restrictions should be put on paroled prisoners," and that this report has been approved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, March 22, 1862.

D. L. PHILLIPS, U. S. Marshal, Springfield, Ill.:

Escaped prisoners of war should be arrested and placed in confinement at Alton. *

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Cross Timber, March 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel F. J. HERRON,

Ninth Iowa Infantry Volunteers.

COLONEL: Your favor of to-day to the general introducing Doctor Elliott, of the Confederate (or rebel) Army, was presented by the doctor. As you state he desired permission to go to Lexington, Mo., to see his family, but in no manner consented to renounce his allegiance to the Confederate Government which he admitted to have served, nor to take the oath of allegiance to that under which he has heretofore lived and now wishes as he states to return to. Under the circumstances therefore the general commanding cannot grant the request, and further directs that the doctor having relinquished the flag of truce under which he entered our lines will be considered a prisoner of war, subject to all the regulations concerning surgeons. Youw ill communicate this to the doctor.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

[H. Z. CURTIS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, Ind., March 23, 1862.

Captain JAMES A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Indianapolis, Ind.

CAPTAIN: Please give your attention to the following matters relating to prisoners of war: See that the hospitals are furnished with

---------------

*See Vol. II, this Series, pp. 272, 274.

---------------

