
they profess to act. No prisoners will be released except on orders from the President communicated through the Secretary of War.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Indianapolis, March 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: Several of the Indiana volunteers who were taken prisoners in Virginia and released on parole until exchanged have reported to me in person for further orders. These men have furloughs issued to them for twenty days by General McClellan which are about expiring. I have not any information of the exchange of these men and am at a loss to know whether it would be proper to send them to their regiments. Please instruct me how to act in the premises and oblige,

Yours, very respectfully,

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General of Indiana.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 25, 1862.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infty. Cal. Vols., Commanding Dist. of S. Cal., Los Angeles, Cal.

COLONEL: The President of the United States on the 14th of February, 1862, directed -

That all political prisoners or state prisoners now held in military custody be released on their subsicribing a parole engaging them to render no aid or comfort to enemies in hostility to the United States. To all persons who shall be so released and shall keep their parole the President grants an amnesty for any past offenses of treason or disloyalty which they may have committed.

You will please to communicate to the political prisoners now in military custody within your district the conditions upon which they can be released, and all such persons accepting and fulfilling all the above requirements will be conducted to or in the vicinity of the place where they were arrested and there released.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, March 25, 1862. *

Brigadier General JAMES BOWEN, Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL: In conformity with orders from the War Department Washington, D. C., you are directed by the commanding general to retain all Confederate officers, prisoners of war, in custody until further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[RICHD. B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Misdated; should be 1863.

---------------

