
SAINT LOUIS, March 26, 1862.

General THOMAS:

No commission or commissioners have been empowered by me to release prisoners of war at Camps Butler, Douglas and Morton.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Sandusky, Ohio.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 17th instant as to the style of huts to be built for prisoners, and also your letter of the same date giving the prices of Gregg &amp; West at which they propose to erect as many buildings as may be required at the depot, have been received. As you are the commissary-general of prisoners you best know what is necessary. The subject is intrusted to your discretion and judgment, the interests of the United States, the safety of the prisoners and their comfort being kept in view.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

VAN BUREN, ARK., March 26, 1862.

EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.

It is agreed between Captain T. I. McKenny, acting assistant adjutant-general of the Army of the Southwest, on the part of Major-General Curtis, commanding the same, and Colonel Thomas L. Snead, acting assistant adjutant-general of the First Division of the Army of the West, on the part of Major-General Price, commanding the same, that the prisoners held by them respectively and whose names appear on the annexed lists* shall be and they are hereby mutually exchanged. The prisoners held by Major-General Price will be immediately escorted beyond the lines of this army and provided with rations sufficient to subsist them to Fayetteville, Ark. It is expressly stipulated that these prisoners thus releaded by General Price shall be considered and kept as paroled prisoners until Major-General Curtis shall have sent the prisoners held by him and exchanged for them beyond his lines, and until they shall have had a reasonable time to report themselves at some military post of the Confederate States. The prisoners held by Major-General Curtis shall be immediately sent under a suitable escort beyond his lines and supplied with sufficient rations to support them on the march to this or some other military post of the Confederate States, or within the lines of this army. If any of the prisoners held by Major-General Curtis and named in the annexed list cannot for any

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

