
OFFICE DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF THE UNITED STATES,

New York, September 17, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In undertaking the preparation for trial of the cases of the privateers of the Savannah and of other vessels I need in order to do justice to the public interests involved a capable, industrious associate counsel who can give for a time a large portion of his time in examining with me the fairly before the court. The unprecendet demands upon the energies of this office may perhaps be properly referred to in making this application. For the work required Mr. Samuel Blatchford is peculiarly qualified. His professional experience and ability are known to you.

I respectfully request that you will authorize me to associate and employ him in the case of the privateers of the Savannah and of other vessels upon such terms as shall be just and in accordance with the public interests.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. DELAFIELD SMITH,

U. S. District Attorney.

FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y., September 18, 18621.

Colonel LOOMIS, Commanding.

SIR: I regret very much the necessity of applying to you for information as to what privileges we are allowed as prisoners of war, treatment as such having been accorded to us in the articles of capitulation agreed upon by the commanding officers in the surrender of Fort Hatteras. Since our arrival on this island and giving our parole of honor to observe certain conditions therein set forth, Colonel Bradford, myself, my flag lieutenant and now Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram have been supplied by Mr. Kendall with provisions in accordance with your knowledge and approbation, but we are unwilling longer to trespass upon the goodnes of Mr. Kendall, and wish to make some suitable arrangement for our future living. We have no one appointed to attent our roommess, or any other service that may be required of a servant. No one is allowed access to us and we have no means of getting any of the requisites for living. May I ask that you will state whether we can have our marketing made and our meals prepared by one of the women about the garrison and some one selected to attend on us in our rooms? We are perfectly willing to make proper compensation for service rendered, and have no doubt that we can procure the services of some one on the island if permission be granted. The boy whom we engaged some time since was unwilling to remain without the privilege of occasionally visiting the city, and left us when he understood from you that he was to be treated as a prisoner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. BARRON,

Flag-Officer, C. S. Navy.

[First indorsement.]

FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y., October 13, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I would respectfully refer this communication to headquarters. The first paragraph I cannot answer. In other respects I

