
Messrs. Guthrie and Prentice, and a statement that he was dying with consumption and could never live to do any harm. I am now inclined to think I was deceived and shall release no others. But while the officers should be retained I think it good policy to release on bonds repentant privates who are trustworthy. This course has had an excellent effect in Missouri, where from the extent and bitterness of the rebel feeling I have been obliged to pursue a course which elsewhere would have appeared exceedingly severe. The policy should be veried to suit particular localities and persons.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Cross Timber, March 29, 1862.

General PIKE, Commanding Indian Army, Confederates.

GENERAL: l Yours of the 23d* expressing your abhorrence at certain instances of cruelty on the battle-field of Pea Ridge is duly received and fully appreciated. The matter has already been a subject of correspondence with General Van Dorn. I cannot expect Indian regiments to practice civilized warfare and I regret to see a resort to such belligerent elements in this unfortunate war. The imputation in your order of cruelty to prisoners and the use of savage allies on the part of the United States is entirely gratuitous and looks too much like an apology or excuse for what your letter and conscience so strictly condemn. I avail myself, general, of this occasion to assure you I reciprocate the personal regard expressed by you. I would prefer that we were friends rather than foes, as I am,

Very respectfully, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 30, 1862.

His Excellency DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio:

I have delayed giving instructions in regard to the prisoners of war at Camp Chase until the views of Government Johnson could be had. Considerate difference of opinion exists in relation to the subject. The rebels have violated an agreement for exchange made with General Wool. In the meantime there is much complaint of the license permitted the rebel officers at Camp Chase. General Halleck has been directed to correct the evil. By general regulation the commander of the department has charge of prisoners.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 30, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Frequent complaints are made to the President and this Department of the license permitted to the rebel officers who are prisoners at Camp Chase. They are permitted to visit Columbus and indulge without restraint in treasonous railings against the Government. The officer in

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

