
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 31, 1862.

LAZ. NOBLE, Adjutant-General, Indianapolis:

Immediately upon learning the abuse at Camp Chase vigorous orders were issued to correct the evil. An inspector-general has been sent from this Department to enforce them. The discipline of your camp is highly approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, March 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

There is no just cause for complaint of treatment of rebel prisoners at Camp Chase. The commander, Colonel Moody, is a strong antislavery Republican; does his duty faithfully and discreetly.

DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 31, 1862.

Major R. JONES,

Assistant Inspector-General, Washington, D. C.

MAJOR: It has been represented to the Department that the prisoners of war at Columbus, Ohio, are left without control to go where they please, wear their side-arms and communicate without restraint with whomsoever they desire. The Secretary of War directs that you proceed without delay to Columbus and make a minute examination of this matter and an inspection of whatever relates to the condition of the prisoners of war in that vicinity. You will also cause the said prisoners to be put under proper guard, deprived of their side-arms and prevented from having any communication with other persons. All letters to and from them must be subjected to rigid scrutiny by an officer appointed for the purpose by the commanding officer of the station, and such as are found improper in tenor will be submitted to the Secretary of War.

You will give instructions to the above effect to the commanding officer under whose charge the prisoners are, and should they be relieved from their command they will be careful to turn over these orders to their successors. The Secretary also directs that you ascertain the extent of the liberty given the prisoners and by whom and under whose authority it was given, and report to him.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 31, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you release one of the prisoners of war with the rank of colonel now confined at Fort Warren and permit him to go with Colonel Milton Cogswell, New York volunteers, to Fort Monroe with the view of effecting an exchange. The officer will

