
be put on parole to return within fifteen days from the time he may leave Fort Monroe unless he effects the exchange of Colonel Cogswell for himself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 31, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Louisville, Ky.:

The parole given to Major Cosby will be revoked and he will be returned immediately to the depot of prisoners of war at Columbus, Ohio.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 31, 1862.

Colonel J. W. BELL, Commanding Pilot Knob.

COLONEL: * * * It is officially reported that you have arrested a number of citizens in that vicinity who are merely charged with secession proclivities but have never rendered any aid or assistance to the enemy. No citizen should be arrested for opinion's sake, nor should any prisoner be sent here without charges being at the same time sent to the provost marshal-general. Officers who do not obey the orders which have been issued on this subject will be charged the expense of sending prisoners here and moreover will be arrested for disobedience of orders.

I am very much surprised that so many arrests have been made in the two weeks you have been in command of a place which for the last six months has been perfectly quiet. I think the conclusion is almost inevitable that you have not exercised good judgment. If every man in Missouri is to be arrested for secession proclivities there will not be prisons enough in the United States to hold them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, March 31, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

General: I respectfully request that unless it be deemed incompatible with the public interest my wife may be permitted to come to this post and remain during my detention here under such restrictions as may be deemed proper. Independent of the consideration that she is now forced to live alone without any protector the necessity of keeping up a separate establishment for her in Washington involves an expense which I can ill afford to sustain.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Approved, and I would add that General Stone has a casemate now and Mrs. Stone's location here would not require any addition in point of room.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

