
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 1, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you permit the following prisoners taken in arms against the United States to go on parole to Fort Monroe and report to Major-General Wool, who is authorized to forward them to Richmond on condition that they will return within fifteen days to Fort Monroe unless they can meantime effect the release from their parole of the officers herein named: Colonel Robert F. Baldwin, Twenty-first Virginia Regiment, [Thirty-first Militia] to be exchanged for Colonel William Raymond Lee, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment; Major E. W. McAlexander, Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment, to be exchanged for Major P. J. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment; an officer of the rank of major, preferably from Mississippi or Alabama, to be exchanged for Dr. E. H. R. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment. You will please hand the inclosed letters to Colonel Baldwin and Major McAlexander, to be delivered by them in Richmond.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

I understood General Huger to inform General Wool that Colonel Lee and Doctor Revere are exchanged for Colonel Baldwin and Majors McAlexander and Brown, respectfully. *

G. W. RANDOLPH.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 1, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: The exchange of Captain Barron for Colonel Hoffman has been refused. Any other officer of proper rank will be accepted for Colonel Hoffman. Brigadier-General Burnside paroled a large number of prisoners taken at Roanoke Island anticipating that they would be exchanged for prisoners of the United States now held in the South.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS GAULEY DISTRICT, April --, 1862.

Brigadier General J. D. COX, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: On the 14th day of July last in an action between a portion of your brigade and a detachment of Confederate troops under my command I had the misfortune to be severely wounded, and on the subsequent retreat of General Wise was left on a sick bed from which I arose only to find myself a prisoner in your hands.

In the action at Scary Creek above alluded to Colonel Norton, of the Twenty-first Ohio Regiment, was also wounded and fell into my hands as a prisoner together with several other Federal officers. Colonel N. was very anxious to return home to the mursing care of his family and

---------------

* See Randolph to Huger, April 10, p. 840.

---------------

