
SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 2, 1862.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON, Louisville, Ky.

GENERAL: I released Major Cosby on parole on the representation of prominent citizens of Kentucky. On his arrival at Louisville he permitted himself to be feted and lionized by his secession friends. His general conduct so little comported with his position of a prisoner on parole that I have been obliged to direct his return to Columbus. This has been as asked for by General Buell and many of the prominent citizens of Louisville; moreover the leniency which I extended to him was not approved by the War Department. I am sorry to say that the general conduct of prisoners of war (officers) who have been paroled has been very exceptionable. If we are compelled to treat them with more rigor hereafter it is entirely their own fault.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, April 2, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAMP CHASE, Columbus, Ohio:

Complaint is made that you permit officers, prisoners of war, to visit Columbus where their conduct is very objectionable. These indulgences must cease.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, April 2, 1862.

Captain A. A. GIBSON, Commanding Fort Delaware.

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Dix to instruct you that the prisoners of war now under your charge may receive letters and clothing and gifts of a proper character and to be previously examined by you, but that no persons be allowed to visit them without a pass from these headquarters. The prisoners may also send letters to persons not in the States in insurrection against the United States to be examined by you, but they should be returned to the writers thereof or destroyed if they contain any treasonable matter or improper reflections upon the United States Government. Apply the same rule to all letters sent to the prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 32. Washington, April 2, 1862.

The following regulations are published for the information of all concerned:

ADDITIONAL PARAGRAPHS ON THE SUBJECT OF PRISONERS OF WAR.

[Vide paragraphs 745 to 747, Revised Regulations for the Army, 1861.]

1. A. general commanding in the field or a department will make arrangements for the safe-keeping and reasonable comfort of his prisoners.

27 R R-SERIES II, VOL III.

