
2. For this purpose he will place them under a guard already on duty or detach a guard for the special service.

3. The general will give no order exchanging prisoners or releasing them except under instructions from the Secretary of War.

4. In emergencies admitting of no delay the general will act upon his own authority and give any order in relation to his prisoners the public interest might require, promptly reporting his proceedings to the War Department through the Adjutant-General.

5. In time of war a commissary-general of prisoners will be announced whose general duties will be those of an inspector.

6. A general depot for prisoners will be designated by the Secretary of War which shall be under the command of the commissary-general of prisoners, with a body of troops as a guard under his orders. The depot shall be the headquarters of the commissary-general to which communications may be sent.

7. Generals commanding departments or in the field may at their discretion send their prisoners to the general depot, furnishing proper rolls with them showing when and where captured, &amp;c., after which their charge of them will cease.

8. The commissary-general of prisoners is empowered to visit places at which prisoners may be held and will recommend to the general whose guards are responsible for them whatever mofification in their treatment may seem to him proper or necessary and report the same to the War Department.

9. Generals sending prisoners to the depots or to special localities will furnish the commissary-general of prisoners with lists or rolls of all prisoners so sent, which the commissary-general of prisoners will cause to be entered in a proper book showing the name and designation of each prisoner, the time and place when and where taken. Any special information of importance will be added from time to time in a column of remarks. When disposed of by exchange or otherwise the fact and the authority for it and the name of the person for whom exchanged should be noted in this record.

10. The commissary-general of prisoners shall have authority to call for such reports from officers in command of guards over prisoners as may be necessary for the proper discharge of his own duties.

11. He will make reports monthly or oftener if required to the Adjutant-General showing where and in what numbers prisoners are held, and be in readiness at all times to answer specific questions as to persons.

12. The duties of the commissary-general of prisoners do not extend to prisoners of state.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SALISBURY, N. C., April 2, 1862.

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.

HONORED SIR: It is with deep emotion that I address you on the subject of our release. There are I believe about 1,500 prisoners at this place. All of course wish to be released but the hours seem to grow darker. We have a healthy location, but men crowded as some of us are so soon as warm weather approaches must become sickly. I believe there are 800 in the main prison; other small buildings contain the remainder. There are nearly 100 Kentucky prisoners here. I would

