
be pleased to hear of the release of all here, but I would press to your honor's consideration the exchange of these Kentuckians, as many of them are old gentlemen, gray-headed, who have been suddenly captured and taken from their helpless families. Some are citizens, but principally soldiers I believe. I would more specially direct your honor's attention to twelve of us belonging to Colonel J. S. Jackson's Third Kentucky Cavalry, captured at Sacramento, Ky., December 28, 1861, consisting of 1 captain, A. N. Davis; 1 lieutenant, J. L. Walters, and 10 privates.

I see, may it please your honor, that partial exchanges are going on, and as there seems to be no chance for a general exchange I would be very much pleased to return with these Kentucky boys. Some of our boys have written to President Davis on this subject and received answers so I hope your honor will forthwith answer this sheet. Many of us are destitute of clothing or any means of obtaining it, as we were captured before we had drawn any money; I having spent all I had in recruting a short time before my capture, having been mustered into the U. S. service but a few weeks when I was captured.

Yours, with due respect,

A. N. DAVIS,

Captain, Third Kentucky Cavalry.

P. S. - Paper very scarce; envelopes impossible to procure.

A. N. D.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 3, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a dispatch* of the 20th of February last from the United States consul at Tangier relative to the arrest of certain insurgents at that place. It would be desirable to have a brief conversation with you on the subject if you could conveniently call here.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHIELDS.

GENERAL: I have the pleasure of acknowledging your favor of the 27th ultimo in relation to the parole of Lieutenant Junkin and Captain Morrison. The President granted on Monday a discharge to Lieutenant Junkin on condition of his taking the oath of allegiance. I would be most happy to oblige you in respect to the parole of Captain Morrison, but the refusal of the rebels to release or exchange our prisoners held in the South, and the report that they have undertaken to release the prisoners taken at Roanoke Island from the obligation of their parole, renders it impossible to extend the privilege to other prisoners at present. I am glad to hear that you are recovering and hope that you will be speedily restored and again on the road to victory.

With great regard, yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* Reference to De Long's letter, p. 286.

---------------

