
weeks in solitary confinement we recommend that they be released on taking the oath of allegiance and giving bail of $1,000 in each case for their appearance before the U. S. circuit court whenever called upon to so appear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. D. CUTTS,

Colonel, U. S. Army, and Aide-de-Camp.

JOHN J. KEY,

Major, U. S. Army, and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 26. Jefferson City, Mo., April 3, 1862.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 14, March 27, 1862, from these headquarters, the two companies of the First Iowa Cavalry recently stationed at Lexinton, Lafayette County, Mo., will immediately upon receipt of this proceed to take post at Warrensburg, Johnson County, and remain in that county on duty until further orders from these headquarters.

II. Major W. M. G. Torrence, First Iowa Cavalry, will assume command of these companies and proceed with them to their destination, keeping command of the same and exerting himself with all his energy to crush out and exterminate all rebels, marauders, &amp;c., in said county. He will assume command of the troops in that county until such time as Major Curly, Seventh Missouri Volunteers, arrives with his command, when he will report to that officer for instructions. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 10, of March 26, 1862, from these headquarters, directing Major Torrence to report at the headquarters of his regiment is hereby rescinded.

* * * * *

IV. Too much vigilance and energy and unceasing activity cannot be exercised by Major Torrence in the duties to which he is assigned in pursuing with relentless severity and justice all law-breakers, marauders, murderers, pillagers, robbers, guerrillas and thieves to their utter extermination, and in the preservation of peace and quiet among the loyal citizens of Johnson County and such as are quietly attending to their legitimate occupations. Those of the citizens of Johnson County peaceably pursuing their avocations and who have not heretofore taken up arms against the Government in the recent rebellion or given aid or comfort to the enemy, and who at present do not by word, act or deed render assistence in any way to the rebellion, will be left in the quiet occupation of their homes and property. We cannot govern them in their sentiments and thoughts, but they must and shall be made to observe and obey the laws of the United States and the State of Missouri.

By command of Brigadier General James Totten, commanding district:

[LUCIEN J. BARNES,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.]

HOSPITAL FOR THE REBEL PRISONERS,

Lafayette, Ind., April 3, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN.

DEAR SIR: As you have visited one of the hospitals for the treatment of sick rebel prisoners at this place you doubtless have a distinct

