HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. McCLURG,

Commanding Post, Linn Creek, Mo.

COLONEL: * * * Complaints are coming from your section of the country that outrages [are] being committed upon persons reported as secessionists but who have not taken up arms or given aid or comfort to rebellion, but who are living quietly at home in pursuit of their legitimate business. It is hoped that nothing of the kind is allowed by you or your officers. The object should now be so far as possible to endeavor to pacify the country with a due and unyielding regard to the interests of the Union. Personal quarrels should not be lugged into the matter. We are fighting for a great general principle and not to settle personal grievances or troubles. So long as the citizens of your section of the State pursue their peaceful and legitimate occupations you will see that they are protected in all their rights. Where they have been in arms against the Government you will arrest them and prefer charges against them accordingly, unless they should beforehand come in candidly and offer in good faith to take the oath of allegiance and give bonds for future good behavior, in which case if you deem them sincere in their protestations you will accept these conditions, binding them in such way as to insure fidelity to the Union and their oaths. Unlicensed outrage without trial upon such persons by officers or soldiers is prohibited and will be punished in every instance by you. The endeavor should be made to secure by just and kind treatment the influence of those who are not openly and actively against the Government, instead of driving peaceably disposed men to desperation.

* * * * *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, April 4, 1862.

Captain W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: I have the report that I this morning paroled Colonel Robert F. Baldwin, Twenty-first [Thirty-first Militia] Virginia Regiment, to be exchanged for Colonel William Raymond Lee, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment; Major E. W. McAlexander, Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment, to be exchanged for Major P. J. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment; Major W. N. Brown, Twentieth Mississippi Regiment, as the officer selected to be exchanged for Dr. E. H. R. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment. These officers are paroled to proceed direct to Fort Monroe, Va., and report to Major-General Wool, in obedience to letter from Adjutant-General's Office, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Post.

