
every assistance and facility in his power to enable him to thoroughly investigate the cause and manner of his brother's recent death at Warrensburg, Mo.

II. Major Torrence will take measures to examine into the circumstances connected with the murder of Mr. Turley; also those attending the cases recently reported by Captain Thompson, First Iowa Cavalry, viz., the burning of the residence, firniture, &amp;c., of Colonel McCowan; the shooting of Mr. Burgess and his brother and the burning of their dwelling; the killing by Captain Houts' company of Mr. Piper on March 30 and the burning of some five dwellings by the same, and any other misdemeanors which may come to his notice. He will place in arrest and prefer charges against such officers or men as an examination shall indicate as guilty of these outrages without sufficient cause. A minute report will be made to these headquarters upon these cases, supported by charges and specifications, where any wrong has been committed upon quiet and unoffending citizens peaceably occupying their homes. In these investigations Major Torrence will be guided by General Orders, Numbers 8,* of November 26, 1861; General Orders, Numbers 13,+ of December 4, 1861, Department of the Missouri, and the thirty-third, forty-first, fifty-first and fifty-fourth articles of war.

By command of Brigadier General James Totten, commanding district:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHEELING, VA., April 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Governor Peirpoint represents that returned rebels are giving great trouble and exciting much dissatisfaction among his people. We agree that they should not be allowed to enter, and those here held as prisoners of war. Also he says numerous guerrilia bands forming in various parts are already committing murders and threatening great injury. I propose severest penalty to such taken in arms or proved guerrillas. Will it suit the President's views to issue a proclamation to these points? Some action should be had to sustain the Governor. Will you instruct?

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 6, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, War Department.

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions of the 31st ultimo requiring me to proceed to Columbus, Ohio, for the purpose of investigating certain statements alleging in substance a general mismanagement of and want of discipline among the prisoners of war at that point and its vicinity, and to take an inspection of everything pertaining to their condition, I have the honor to submit the following report as the result of my examination.

These prisoners, numbering some 1,400 about 1,000 of whom are officers are under the control of Government Tod, of Ohio, who assumed

---------------

* See Vol. I, this Series, p. 137.

+ See Vol. I, this Series, p. 233.

---------------

