
equipments was furnished Major Albin, the mustering officer. This was soon exhausted and when more was asked for he was informed that no other supplies would be furnished the mustering officer but that the companies through their officer must make their requisitions direct on the quartermaster in Saint Louis. These have been insufficiently filled as far as I can learn in periods of from six to ten days, occasioned by shipping them in some instances up the Missouri River. I write this not to complain but to excuse my apparent delay in placing a sufficient force in the river counties to execute work which ought to be done, and to suggest that it is difficult to perceive the economy in sending supplies by way of the river and in the meantime pay the expenses of the commands to whom they are sent without being able to employ them in any useful way.

Permit me to say to you that I have never put any construction upon the bonds sent out by General Halleck or on any part thereof, and any statement made in relation to such matter is certainly a mistake if not something worse, and in this connection permit me further to say that I find a large share of the embarrassments I meet with in the administration of affairs in this district arises from the officious interference at home and abroad of nominal Union men who are seeking political preferment and hope to obtain it by their devotion to the interests of the rebels. The wealthy and those of high social and political position in this part of the country have generally arrayed themselves under the flag of treason. With these, aided by time-serving demagogues who are nominally Union men but who are willing to seek an alliance with traitors that they may advance their own interests, I find myself occasionally placed in very unpleasant positions. For the very courteous and generous support that I have at all times received from you allow me to make my acknowledgments.

I would suggest to you the propriety of having an assistant provost-marshal appointed for Liberty, in Clay County, and one in Platte City for Platte County. If thought best to have them appointed I will sendsuitable names. I do not know who at this time ought to be appointed. Colonel Hall desires to know how far the safeguards issued by Colonel Morgan, of the Eighteenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, shall be respected. I have no doubt but that they were issued in many instances very imprudently and my opinion is that it would be desirable to revoke them all. The country is being filled with refugees from the rebel army dispersed at the battle of Pea Ridge. To undertake to protect them here as citizens will require the Government to employ them, with an additional force, to suppress the unconditional Union men. The rebels are not cured nor can there be any peace if they are permitted to return in quiet. The other side I believe will rebel rather than submit to live on terms of equality with these thieves, robbers and marauders-that is to say, traitors. What is to be done with them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

BEN LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Putting up an oven which will take for all prisoners and guards, over 5,000, without expense to Government out of savings of rations. Will be in operation this week.

JAS. A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

