
time and money, and while I was waiting for a reply to a reference of the matter to the Quartermaster-General I prepared a notice calling for proposals, which I left at the printer's office ready for use in case that course was decided on, but I was informed by the Quartermaster-General that a reduction of 10 per cent, on the old prices under the existing contracts would be safisfactory and the notice was not published. The reduction finally agreed upon was not much short if any of 25 per cent. I made a very close calculation myself and I don't believe any responsible man could undertake to build them for less. I knew if the work was under the direction of Mr. Gregg it would be thoroughly done and according to contract and as I wished it, without any personal superintending and watching lest the contract should be evaded whenever there was an opportunity.

I heard of but one other person who would be likely to bid for the work, one of the complainants, and he was said to be without means. Before final action I referred the whole matter to the Quartermaster-General, who left it for me to decide what course to pursue. I have no interest in the contractors, never having seen them before my visit to Sandusky, and my action in the case was prompted solely by a desire to promote the public interests based on the best information I could obtain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

If necessary can take 1,000 additional prisoners at this point without increase of guards. Have recommended it to Governor Morton.

JAS. A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 9, 1862.

General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

Telegraphed Secretary of War that 1,000 additional prisoners can be received here. Have condemmed tents from three-months' troops which can be advantageously used. No additional guard will be required. Hospital arrangements complete. May be able to increase the number.

JAS. A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 10, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I will thank you to inform me when Henry Myers, understood to be from Georgia, was appointed and removed or resigned as paymaster in the United States Navy.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

