
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 10, 1862.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

There has been unavoidable delay in fixing a proper place for your prisoners. You will send them to Detroit under guard with directions to turn them over to Captain Gibbs, in command there. They will be sent from there to Fort Mackinac, on Lake Huron. I rejoice at your energy and fair prospects.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 10, 1862.

Colonel C. A. WAITE, U. S. Army, Plattsburg, N. Y.:

The Secretary of War directs you to order one of the companies Third Cavalry now at Detroit to reoccupy Fort Mackinac. Instruct the commanding officer to receive and guard all prisoners of state sent to him from Tennessee.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 10, 1862.

Captain ALFRED GIBBS, Third Cavalry, Detroit, Mich.:

Colonel Waite is directed to order one of your companies to Fort Mackinac, the commanding officer to be instructed to receive and guard any prisoners of state sent there from Tennessee. Should such prisoners arrive at Detroit confine and guard them until the company goes to Mackinac and then send them forward.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,April 10, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Troops in the Valley of Virginia.

GENERAL: In obedience to a request of citizens of Winchester, Va., I inslose to you a memorial* praying for the release of certain persons, citizens of that town or vicinity, alleged to have been arrested by officers your command acting under your orders during your occupation of that place.

The signers of the memorial are personally unknown to me, but I believe them to be men of respectability and integrity whose statements are entitled to full credit. No offense seems to have been charged against the persons arrested which would justify their violent seizure and long imprisonment under the laws of war. If this act be evidence of a determination on your part to carry on the controversy in which we are engaged in a manner so utterly repugnant to the usages of war among civilized nations the consequences of the acts and the responsibility for the initiation of such a policy will justly rest upon you.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

