
I forward the memorial placed in my hands and join in the request that the persons named therein may be released and permitted to return to their homes.

With most earnest wishers that you may comply with these solicitations,

I am yours, &amp;c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

NEW MADRID, April 10, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy has 1,000 sick. Had I not best send them to Saint Louis? It is not possible for me to send all the prisoners to Springfield and Chicago. I am obliged to leave a force here, and for the present a force at Island Numbers 10. If I am obliged to detach a sufficient force to guard prison in Wisconsin it will reduce my command much. Commodore Foote talks of going down the river to-morrow and seems to fancy I will be ready. Of course he must know that it is impossible, but he makes great show of anxiety and is arranging to be delayed by this command. I shall not separate my command. I shall be ready in four or five days. I anticipate no resistance this side of Memphis.

JNO POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, April 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General VILLEPIGUE, C. S. Army:

Your communication of the 10th* proposing an exchange of prisoners has been received. At a more convenient time I doubt not an exchange of prisoners will be readily effected. At present I have no knowledge that you have any prisoners belonging to this command. I send you a few letters to their friends from persons belonging to forces captured near this place to be forwarded to their address at your discretion.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JNO POPE,]

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 10, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, New York:

How many prisoners can be accommodated now at the Sandusky Depot? It is suggested to move the 1,000 officers confined at Columbus to Sandusky and to make that a prison for officers alone.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

New York, April 10, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Presuming that there will be no objection to my having my headquarters at Detroit as I requested in my letter of the 2nd from

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

