
Buffalo I will leave for there early to-morrow via Philadelphia, where I will remain till Monday. A dispatch to the Continental Hotel will find me there. I will be in Detroit on the 17th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 10, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th instant* in relation to the return of men from Price's army, &amp;c., has been received and in reply thereto I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that he approves of the arrest of all refugees from Price's army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, April 10, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: If by chance hereafter some inquiry be made with regard to the treatment of a high officer of the Army recently confined in Fort Lafayette and now on parole within the limits of this post if not improper I thought I would respectfully request that the inclosed report on that subject may be filed at the War Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, April 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE, U. S. Army.

COLONEL: In obedience to your request I have the honor to make the following statement as to the treatment of Brigadier General Charles P. Stone, U. S. Army, while confined at this post:

On his arrival he was immediately placed in one of the most comfortable rooms of the quarters and supplied with everything it was possible to give him in the way of furniture, such as iron bedstead, mattresses, pillows, blankets, towels, tables, chairs, washstand, wash bowl and ewer, looking-glass, lamp, lamp oil, water buckets, &c., and a soldier detailed to wait upon him. He was furnished with a private wate-closet to which he had the key. A sentinel was placed outside his door upon the porch and he was not allowed out of his room except to go to the water-closet situated outside the walls of the fort, at which times he was accompanied by one of the guard, as have been all prisoners confined at this post; but to make it as little annoying to him as possible and not oblige him to have communication with the officers of the guard at such times he had only to leave his room and the sentinel at his door accompanied him. The troops of this command

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. VIII, for Totten to McLean, p. 673.

---------------

