
left without even a change of necessary underclothing, as was also Major Gaines' who is now here with me, so that we are compelled to ask of you permission to send to Philadelphia and get some of such articles as are actually necessary for our comfort and cleanliness, such as drawers (of which they left me not a pair), shirts, handkerchiefs, &amp;c. -say 2 pairs of drawers, 2 undershirts, 2 over-shirts, 3 pairs socks, 3 handkerchiefs and 6 collars, and the same for Major Gaines. Captain Baylor also desires to send for 2 pairs of drawers and 2 pairs socks and 1 pair pants. Believing that such acts as are being perpetrated by the persons in power at Camp Chase are not recognized or known by your Government or my any gentleman I desire to bring it to their notice in order that some remedy may be applied. Please reply immediately.

Respectfully,

C. H. CARLTON,

Major.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore:

General Wool will send back Colonel Drake who went down to be exchanged for Colonel Cogswell. You will transfer him to Fort Delaware or some other secure place in your district out of Baltimore until he can with more safety be suffered to go to Richmond. When my pass was granted yesterday I was ignorant that he had just been returned from Fortress Monroe. The concealment of that fact from me by the officer who telegraphed in your name for a pass yesterday is inexcusable. The explanation offered is not satisfactory and makes me feel very insecure in your absence from your post. I think you had better postpone your return to New York for a week or two as I can trust no one in your office but yourself.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 12, 1862.

Honorable HENRY MAY, House of Representatives.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to aknowledge the receipt of a communication from Mr. Lawrence Sangston, of Baltimore, forwarded by you to this Department, proposing to visit and relieve the prisoners of war now at Chicago provided a permit could be obtained for him from this Department, and to state in reply that having reliable information that the applicant for the pass sympathizes strongly with the rebels he is deemed unworthy the confidence* of the Government and the permit he asks is refused.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, April 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to report I have this day forwarded to New York by the propeller Albany and consigned to the care of Colonel Gustavus Loomis on Governor's Island some 160 men taken prisoners in the

---------------

* See Vol. I, this Series, p. 670, for arrest of Sangston.

---------------

