
recent engagement at this place. I send with them a guard of fifty men and a full and complete roll giving the regiment, company and the respective rank of each man; this roll will be handed over to Colonel Loomis and his receipt required for the same. I have released on parole the citizens of this place taken prisoners at the same time, and also some seventy-six of the sick and wounded. There are still some of their sick and wounded on our hands which I shall send North as soon as they are convalescent.

In the absence of positive instructions from you on this point I have deemd this the proper course to pursue and trust it will meet with your approval.

I have the honor to be, your very respectfully servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.

NEAR YORKTOWN, VA., April 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The Merrimac has been stationary near Sewall's Point all day but in plain sight. Colonel Drake, of the rebel army, has been sent to me to be exchanged. I have no order to send him to Richmond to effect an exchange for Colonel Cogswell, and if I had I think it would be an improper time to send him to rebels, for he is not only an intelligent person but informed of all that is doing here and at Yourtown. I shall send him back to Baltimore. Should you desire that he be sent to Richmond please send a positive order. This is the second time he has been sent down. At this moment it would be highly improper to send him. He would of course inform them at Norfolk of our preparations to overcome the Merrimac. Please answer.

JOHN E. WOOL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Pittsburg, Tenn., April 12, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Monterey, Tenn.

GENERAL: Herewith I send you a note from Colonel Battle, of the Confederate Army, who has particularly requested that this might be done and his exchange effected. I am perfectly willing to release Colonel Battle in exchange for an officer of equal rank taken at the battle of Shiloh. Should you decide to make the exchange please state when and at what point between here and Corinth you would desire the transfer to take place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Inlosure.]

PITTSBURG, TENN., April 11, 1862.

General A. S. JOHNSTON.

SIR; In consequence of injuries received from the fall of two horses shot under me in the engagements of Sunday and Monday last I was unable to remain with my command and was captured by the Federal forces about noon on Monday. The Federal officer in command at this

