
organization and equipments will soon be complete when the troubles will in the main be removed. It will always afford me pleasure to co-operate with and support you as much as in my power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 13, 1862.

General JOHN E. WOOL:

The proceedings in relation to Colonel Drake have arisen from a mistake in the Adjutant-General's Office in the first place, and from a concealment at Baltimore by the officer in command during the absence of General Dix of the fact you had remanded him to Baltimore. That fact became known to me only on receipt of your letter. I agree with you as to the impropriety of sending him to Richmond at this time and approve of your sending him back to Baltimore for the present. I thank you for your regular reports and beg you to continue them as frequent and full as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 13, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch is received, and I shall await your further orders before going to New York to resume the examination of state prisoners. The dispatch in regard to Colonel Drake was sent by Major Ludlow, my senior aide-de-camp. The colonel came here with directions from General Wool simply to report to me for orders. There was no explanation, no intimation that there was any reason connected with affairs at Fort Monroe for not sending him to Norfolk; on the contrary it was supposed that he was sent back because the authority from you was not sufficient. Major Ludlow should have mentioned these facts but there was no design to conceal them. Indeed the omission would not have occurred had not General Wool failed to state why Colonel Drake was sent here. Colonel Drake arrived here this morning with or order from General Wool on the marshal of police to provide for him until he, Colonel Drake, telegraphed the Secretary of War on the subject of going to Richmond. The order has an indorsement evidently of later date directing him to report to me. I shall send one of my aides with him to Fort Delaware to-morrow. There is no boat to-day.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAS DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 13, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington.

COLONEL: You will cause the officers, prisoners of war, at Columbus to be removed without delay to the Sandusky depot, which will hereafter be held as a prison for officers alone.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

