
through the ordinary process of the court a direct application from yourselves to the appropriate department or officer will unquestionably receive just consideration. If anything were needed to gain such attention in addition to its concern with so grave a subject your own eminent personal and professional position would supply it.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. DELAFIELD SMITH.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 23, 1861.

E. DELAFIELD SMITH, Esq.,

U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.

SIR: Your letter of the 21st instant inclosing correspondence between yourself and the counsel for the pirates of the Savannah has been received. The course pursued by you in thee proceedings appears to be judicious and is approved.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[SEPTEMBER 25, 1861. - For negotiations for exchange of prisoners between Generals Grant and Polk and their subordinates, see Vol. I, this Series, pp. 511-547.]

FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y., September 29, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: There have been two deaths from among the prisoners of war. Doctor Sloan speaks of the unhealthiness of Castle William; he cannot account for it but says there has always been more or less sickness when troops are quartered there. They should be removed before cold weather comes on or prepared for it by some means of warming the portion occupied as quarters, to wit, the second and third tiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth, Infantry, Commanding.

CASTLE WILLIAM,

Governor's Island, September 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War of the United States:

The undersigned are orderly sergeants of the companies taken prisoners at the surrender of Fort Hatteras, on the coast of North Carolina, on the 29th ultimo. Our men are now suffering very greatly from disease. To-day 115 of the 630 are confined by disease which threatens to prosrate us all.

In this conflict now being waged between the two sections of our country prisoners have been discharged by both parties, as at Rich Mountain, Springfield, and Lexington, upon their parole not to bear arms until released from their obligation. We ask for our men that they may be permitted to return to their homes upon the same pledge. We are assured that a knowledge of our condition would incline you

