
I believe that on the 8th of last month the Confederate naval forces took as prisoners fromt the U. S. frigate Congress somewhere about the same number. May I suggest to you that these be either released on their parole or else given up in exchange on equal terms for those belonging to your naval service above alluded to? The latter course I should prefer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer, North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 15, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, New York:

Captain Potter, quartermaster at Chicago, asks authority to build more barracks at Springfield and Chicago. The Secretary prefers to fill the barracks in Indiana and at Fort Snelling, where there are already volunteer troops which can guard prisoners and barracks to contain them. You are authorized to make these dispositions.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WASHINGTON, April 15, 1862.

Captain J. A. POTTER, Assistant Quartermaster, Chicago:

Do not build more barracks at Chicago or Springfield. Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, has instructions and will give directions for the disposition of prisoners.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS.

Plattsburg, N. Y., April 15, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your telegraphic dispatch conveying the directions of the Secretary of War for me to proceed to Mackinac to arrange for the custody of state prisoners of war to be sent there from Tennesee and to report that I shall leave early to-morrow morning for Detroit and that post for the purpose of complying with his instructions.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servnat,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry, Commanding Detail.

DETROIT, April 15, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

The navigation of the lake still closed by ice. Shall we anchor a large steamer in the river to confine the prisoners? It will be the safest plan for the next two weeks. The expense will not be great.

J. R. SMITH.

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

