HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel S. BURBANK, Commanding at Alton, Ill.

SIR: According to the terms of an agreement entered into by General Curtis and General Price the prisoners named on the accompanying roll* will be returned within the lines of the Confederate Army and released. I desire to knowi of all these men are under your charge, who are absent and where, in order to arrange the release at once. The officers and men captured from our army have already been released.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI. Numbers 107. Saint Louis, April 15, 1862

* * * *

VI. The prisoners of war now at McDowell's College will be removed from this city without delay under a sufficient escort to be furnished by the commanding officer of the district. The officers will be sent to Columbus, Ohio, to be turned over to the commanding officer at camp Chase. The enlisted men will be sent to Chicago, Ill., and be turned over to the commanding officer at Camp Douglas. The guard will then return to the command from whence it was detailed. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 14. Jefferson City, Mo., April 15, 1862.

I. The commanding officer of each post where troops are stationed will appoint a discreet officer of his command to act as provost-marshal for the precinct in which said troops are operating. As far as practicable the officer chosen as provost-marshal should be acquainted with the laws and legal forms, and should be a perseon of judgment discretion and unflinching justice. He should not allow personal feelings, pique or passion to enter at all into his official business. No arrest of citizens living at the time quietly on their farms or at their homes should be permitted without first having a careful examination into the merits of the case, and no disloyal persons should be permitted to go unwhipped of justice by the laws and authorities they seek to overthrow. a just but severe course toward the unruly and disobedient who infest this district must govern the action of the officers having command and authority. The provost-marshals appointed at the various posts will report by letter to these headquarters and to Colonel B. G. Farrar, provost- marshal-general, Saint Louis, Mo. To the latter they will apply for general instructions relative to their duties and for blank oaths of allegiance, bonds, &amp;c.

II. All persons making disloyal speeches against the Government of the United States and the authorities thereof will be arrested and required to give bonds for future good conduct. If after giving bonds

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

