
they repeat their offenses they will be arrested and tried for their treasonable conduct. They are also to be put upon trial if they refuse or are unable to give bonds. It is considered that opposition to the laws and constituted authorities can be more effectually consummated by incendiary language on the part of individuals than were such openly to take up arms. One man by false, malicious language and well-timed speeches may excite thousands of ignorant persons to deeds of wrong, whereas were he to take up arms and keep silence he would probably be alone and a laughing stock in his abominable opposition toa just and beneficent Government. Treasonable language is therefore to be punished, as it has already been, upon trial and sentence by a military commission under the charge of "encouraging rebellion against the Government of the united States while enjoying its protection. " All concerned will therefore govern themselves accordingly. Neither sex nor age among those who have reached the years of discretion and legal responsibility will be overlooked. All must be taught to obey and respect the laws of the land or submit to punishment for their disloyalty whether it consists in word, act or deed.

III. Large numbers of rebels who have beenin arms against the Government in Price's army are returning to their homes in this district. It is therefore ordered that in all cases where they do not surrender themselves to the military authority and give good and sufficient bonds for loyal conduct they will be arrested and tried as spies, being within the lines of our army and in citizen's dress. Wherever commanding officers learn of such persons they will immediately send after, arrest and prefer charges against them as above directed. All strangers from the South going northward who cannot satisfactorily account for themselves and shoe that theya re good and loyal citizens will be arrested. Likewise all persons traveling southward who have not taken the oath and filed bonds as above for loyal behavior will be arrested and in no instance will any one be permitted to go beyond the lines of our army.

By command of Brigadier General James Totten, commanding district:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DIST., DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 15, 1862

COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE FORCES AT SAVANNAH, GA.

SIR: The bearer of this, Henry H. Kinder, a prisoner found wounded at the capture of this place, apparently a simple-minded youth and representing himself as without a father and with only his mother and sister at his home in Williamsburg, S. C., is with the approval of Major-General Hunter, commanding the department, allowed to return to his home under rhis oath not to give information or serve against the United States in this war until regularly exchanged.

As quite a number of others, sick and wounded, are expected to be returned to you from Fort Pulaski it is trusted that the desire on our part to mitigate the miseries of this unfortunate contest which we are gratified to feel has in this vicinity as far as we learn been conducted as we would have expected from those recognizing the principles of honorable warfare, will be responded to by you and that you will presume to have been captured within the last two or three weeks and of

