
these especially we would desire to receive two wounded men of our naval forces captured at New Smyrna at the time their commanding officers were there killed, as it is on this condition only that General Hunter approved the terms of the surrender of Fort Pulaski.

Very repectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM

Brigadier-General Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 15, 1862

Major General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Army of the Ohio, Pittsburg, Tenn.,

GENERAL: Under an arrangement made by General Breckinridge I have directed that certain medical officers of your forces be permitted to return to your lines for ambulances to remove someof your wounded now in our hospitals in exchange for an equal number of my own whom they have promised to bring out from your lines. Permit me to inquire the fate of the following persons sons of planters of Louisiana of my persona acquaintance who are reported missing, viz: Lieutenants F. Moreno, [F. O.] Trepagnier and P. De Clouet: Privates A. De Clouet, Martel Ganel Jackson, Lefebre, M. W. Chapman, Alfred Fusilier, and Lucien Lastrape.

Any information you may give me touching these persons will greatly oblige,

Respectfully, your obedient servantl,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va, April 16, 1862.

Major-General HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I have received your communication of the 2nd of April, and also yours of yesterday* in relation to the appointment of a commissary for prisoners of war. I am not authorized to entertain the proposition. I am, however, prepared to exchange prisoners upon a fair and honorable basis. I have given instructions to my flag-officers to conform toyour request of the 4th instant.

I would call your attention to the inclosed letter+ from Colonel Reeve, U. S. Army, to Colonel L. Smith, C. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL.

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., April 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Pittsburg:

Can the Iowa men taken prisoners in the late battle be exchanged? There is great anxiety among our people in regard to them. Hope you will use every endeavor to effect an exchange. Please answer to me here.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa.

---------------

*Not found but see substance in extract, Wool to Stanton, April 17, p. 458.

+Not found.

---------------

