HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Cairo, Ill., April 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Pittsburg Landing:

SIR; I have concluded to send to you Mr. Frank M. Mills of Iowa, to see you personally in regard to the matter of the exchange of the Iowa troops taken prisoners at the recent battle at Pittsburg Landing. The people of our STate feel a deep interest in them and are intensely anxious to have them exchanged if possible. Thinking that perhaps the personal presence of a messenger from me might amid the multiplicity of calls on your attention be of servcie to them I send Mr. Mills for that purpose. I hope you [will] pardon what may seem to be undue pertinacity in this matter. Permit me to express my joy and thankfulness that you are in person at the head of the army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Cairo, April 16, 1862.

In pursuance of the within Mr. Mills is hereby permitted to go to Pittsburg [Landing] where he will report to Major-General Halleck.

By order of Brigadier-General Strong:

A. H. HOLT.

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 17, 1862.

Mr. JOHN HARLESTON, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to state in response to your application to be released on parole to go South for the purpose of effecting an exchange that your request cannot be complied with as no arrangement exists at present for the exchange of prisoners of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,P. H. WATSON.

Assistant Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., April 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed herewith I send a petition from certain members of Tennessee regiments at Camp Douglas in which they express a strong desire to renew their allegiance to the Government and become true and loyal citizens.

I will only state in presenting this petition for the consideration of the War Department that whenever circumstances shall justify the discharge of prisoners of war from this State entertaining such views and feelings as are set forth by these petitioners their reappearance among their friends and relatives will I doubt not exert a great moral influence in favor of the perpetuity of the Union.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ANDREW JOHNSON.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP DOUGLAS, April 10, 1862.

To His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON.

Governor of the State of Tennessee:

Your petitioners of the Forty-second, Forty-eighth, Forty-ninth and Fiftieth Regiments of Tennessee Volunteers, [recruited in] the counties

