
of Stewart, Montgomery, Robertson, Dixon, Cheatham, Humphreys, Hickman and Perry captured at Fort Donelson and ow held as prisoners of war at Camp Douglas, being desirous of being released and wishing to return to our homes and families in our native State as true and loyal citizens of the Union, in confirmation of which we are willing to take the oath of allegiance and hold it inviolate. In view of your political and personal influence with the Federal Government together with the interest you have with hitherto and we believe still feel for the people of Tennessee, has induced us to make this petition to you hoping that you will use your influence in our behalf.

We, the orderly sergeants of the different regiments, express the sentiments of our respective companies.

[Names of petitioners omitted.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received proposals from Major-General Huger at Norfolk to appoint commissaries to take charge of prisoners of war. He uses the following language, viz:

I have in obedience to the wishes * of the Government of the Confederate States to propose to you the appointment of a commissary of prisoners upon the part of teach of the belligerents, whose duty it shall be to receive and transmit remittances to prisoners of war, and to have such supervision of their comforts as is usually allowed among civilized nations.

I did not hesitate to decline the proposition which I could hope will meet your approbation. To have entertained the proposition would have been tantamount to a recognition of their Government and independence as a nation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, April 17, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There are now 248 prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, being those captured at and sent from Winchester, and Colonel Drake, returned from Fort Monroe. I yesterday directed Captain Gibson, commanding the post, to inform me how many more he can accommodate. As soon as as his reply is received I will advise you.

JOHN A. DIX.

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO.

In the Field, April 17, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD.

C. S. Army of the Mississippi, Corinth.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 15th instant by flag of truce reached my quarters to-day during my momentary absence. I have now the honor to say that the exchange of wounded prisoners arranged by General

---------------

*See Randolph to Huger, March 28, p. 832.

---------------

