
Breckinridge and certain medical officers of this army and indorsed by you is agreed to and will be facilitated by me.

I regret that I am unable at this moment to answer you inquiries as to the fate of Lieutenants F. Moreno, F. O. Trepagnier and P. De Clouet and Privates A. De Clouet, Martel GAnel, Jackson Lefebre, M. W. Chapman, Alfred Fusilier and Lucien Lastrape. I have ordered the information to be sought for and as soon as obtained I will communicate it to you.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, U. S. A., Commanding Army of the Ohio

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 17, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, U. S. Army, Fort Columbus, N. Y.:

Confine the prisoners of war for the present in Castle William but do not put paroled soldiers on guard over them.

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General.

C. S. STEAMER VIRGINIA, Norfolk, April 17, 1862.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding U. S. Naval Forces, &amp;c.

SIR: Major-General Huger has transferred to me your communication to himof the 15th April (instant) in which you state as follows;

I informed you of my having released on parole thirty-six officers and men of the Confederate Navy captured by the forces under my command. I believe that on the 8th of last month the Confederate naval forces took as prisoners from the U. S. frigate Congress somewhere about the same number. May I suggest to you that these be either released on their parole or else given up in exchange on equal terms for those belonging to your naval service above alluded to? The latter course I should prefer.

The prisoners taken from the Congress to whom you communication refers are not under my control having been transferred elsewhere.

I shall communicate with the proper authority and inform you of its decision at the earliest moment.

I am, very respectfully, yourobedient servant,

JOSIAH TATTNALL,

Flag-Officer, Commanding, &c.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, April 17, 1862.

Colonel JAMES A. MULLIGAN,

DEAR SIR: We, the undersigned members of the Washington Artillery now prisoners of war at Camp Douglas, would respectfully submit

