
favorably to consider this application. The officer having the care of us, Lieutenant Casey, of this post, has been active in kindness to us, but the want of room and the presence of contagious diseases among us unused as we are to this climate defy all his efforts to protect us against its force. Four of our men have died within the past five days and many others are dangerously ill.

ANDREW NORMAN,

Actg. Orderly Sergt. of Company E, Seventh Regiment Infantry,

North Carolina Volunteers.

[And 635 men.]
HEADQUARTERS, Kansas City, September 30, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters Western Department, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: I would respectfully ask some information in regard to the disposition to be made of prisoners released by the rebel forces. I am aware that the subject is one which has occupied the attention of the Government but am not aware that any conclusion has been arrived at in regard to their disposition. At me present time I find myself somewhat embarrased by the great number of prisoners returning from Lexington, Mo., and especially so in regard to the officers. Two or rather one application has been made to me by General Price and one to General Lane on the subject of exchange of officers. In the case of the proposed exchange with General Lane I have referred the matter to him, but in regard to the proposed exchange for an officer of the rebel forces who is now here I have postponed any action until I will have received some information on the subject from higher authority.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y. Harbor, October 2, 1861.

Colonel C. A. FINLEY,

Surgeon-General, U. S. Army, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report made by me to the commanding officer of this post relative to the condition of the prisoners from Fort Hatteras, N. C. In connection with this subject I have to report that there is a great deal of sickness among these prisoners and that my service are constantly required their own assistant surgeon who attended them under my direction is now sick also. I feel under the necessity of asking that an assistant surgeon may be detailed for temporary duty here if one can be spared. While I feel sensibly the need of aid I must express at the same my entire willingness to give my whole time and attention in the demands made upon me. The following is the strength of the command at this post and Fort Wood, the number of patients now under treatment being 170:

Fort Columbus-Commissioned officers, 36; troops in quarters, 330; troops in camp, 245; women and children, 125; prisoners of war, &amp;c., 707.

Arsenal- Men, 68.

Fort Wood- Troops, 36. Total 1,547.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. SLOAN,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

