
which they have worn constantly for sixty days without even a change of clothing. They are entirely destitute, all their effects and money having been taken from them by Captain Creesy and not sent home with them. They state in addition that on board the Ino they were handcuffed also and kept for me than a week all the time both day and night, eating, sleeping and waking, in this confined position. The captain of the Harvet Home for the sake of humanity removed the handcuffs and treated them as well as he was able. They have had a long and stormy passage and are in a very uncomfortable condition.

As there are no witnesses or charges sent here by the consul and I have no authority to detain them I have made them as comfortable as I can and taken their parole not to depart until I have received directions from your Department what disposition to make of them for which I telegraphed to-day.

I take the liberty to suggest that as a man of position and of avowed Union sentiments, having done as he claims nothing inimical to the United States, Mr. Tunstall under all the circumstances is entitled to a favorable consideration at your hands.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KEYES.

U. S. Marshal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 18, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, New Berne, N. C.

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of April 12 and to state that he approves your action and proposed action respecting prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servantl,

GEORGE L. HARTSUFF,

Brigadier-General, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 42. Washington, April 18, 1862.

* * * *

III. The headquarters of Lieutenant Colonel William Hoffman, Eighth Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners, is transferred from New York City to Detroit, Mich.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RECRUITING SERVICE,Fort Columbus, April 18, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have placed these last prisoners from Pulaski in the second tier of Castle William. Of course they are among the guns, which cannot be used while the prisoners are there. The detachmentwhich is to follow it is said is larger and it will be difficult to find room for them. I have paroled the officers of the North Carolina prisoners as I did the first sent here from Hatteras. I send a copy of the parole.

