
required and I will direct that they be sent to Camp Chase to occupy those now being vacated.

I desire also to be furnished with rolls of the same character of all prisoners of war who have heretofore been in confinement at Camp Chase, showing what disposition has been made of them; if released by whose authority.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WILLARD'S HOTEL, Washington, D. C., April 20, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General of the Army of the United States.

SIR: I have the honor to state that I have direct and positive information from Fort Hamilton, N. Y., that the telegram addressed to you on the 13th instant by Brigadier-General Stone, applying for a suspension of arrest and permission to serve before Yorktown, was written and handed to Lieutenant-Colonel Burke and received by him officially; that it was approved by Colonel Burke and received by him officially; that it was approved by Colonel Burke who sent with it a letter to the telegraph operator directing him to forward the application to you. I submit that everything has been regularly done on General Stone's part in making this application.

Your most obedient servant,

HENRY M. PARKER.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Goldsborough, April 20, 1862.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding U. S. Forces at New Berne.

GENERAL: Your communication of the 18th instant to Brigadier-General Ransom has been referred to me. I have also to acknowledge receipt of your letter of March 29 to myself.

But two of your soldiers who have been wounded are in my possession. These have been ent to the interior but I will cause them to be brought back and conveyed within your lines on their parole. Be pleased to accept my thanks for your kind treatment of Mrs. Robinson and Miss Wood.

Regretting that the recent conduct of your Government does not permit me to authorize a more general release of prisoners,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, C. S. Army, Commanding Dept. of North Carolina.

Resolution* adopted by the U. S. Senate April 21, 1862.

Resolved, That the President of the United States be requested to communicate to the Senate any information touching the arrest and imprisonment of Brigadier-General Stone not deemed incompatible with the public interest. +

---------------

*Amendment offered by Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts to the original resolution presented by Mr. McDougall, of California, April 11, 1862. For the discussion of General Stone's arrest which ensued in the U. S. Senate and the final adoption of Mr. Wilson's amendment see Congressional Globe Saturday, April 12, 1862, p. 1624 et seq. -COMPILER.

+See Stanton to Hamlin, April 22, p. 469, and Lincoln to the Senate, May 1, p. 508.

---------------

