
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 21, 1862

JOHN S. KEYES, Esq.,

Marshal of the United States, Boston, Mass.

SIR: Your letter of the 18th instant relative to Messrs. Myers and Tunstall, arrested at Tangier by order of U. S. consul there and sent to Boston as prisoners, has been received. In reply I have to inform you that Francis H. Ruggles, esq., of this Department will at once be sent as a commissioner to examine into the case and report to this Department the result for such further proceedings as may be deemed advisable.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 21, 1862.

FRANCIS H. RUGGLES, Esq., Department of State.

SIR: You will proceed to Boston with the papers on the subject which you will herewith receive and examine and report upon the case of Messrs. Myers and Tunstall arrested at Tangier Morocco, by order of the U. S. consul there and sent to the United States by his order. They are now at Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

P. S. - The foregoing documents* must be returned to this Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., April 21, 1862

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding at Fort Monroe:

The President cordially approves your response to General Huger+ in respect to the exchange of prisoners. I would be very glad to effect an exchange for Colonels Corcoran and Willcox as soon as it can properly be done and also to have all the rest at Richmond exchanged.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District of Saint Louis, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: A delegation of grand jurors has just called upon me to report the result of an investigation into the condition of the military prisons of this city. They state that at McDowell's College there appears to be a number of cases that require investigation lest that innocent men suffer. They state clothing, blankets and straw are much required by many of the prisoners of war. They state that there are some prisoners from Alabama whose cases should be laid before the general commanding in an official manner. I lay the matter before you knowing you will order a military commission, have the necessary wants of the prisonerse supplied and do whatever, else justice and humanity demand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

+See Wool to Stanton, April 17, p. 458.

---------------

