HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, April 21, 1862.

Captain WILLIAM MYERS,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.

CAPTAIN: It is reported to me that the prisoners in McDowell's College Prison are destitute of bedding and that a requisition which I approved some two weeks ago for straw has not yet been filled. I therefore send another. Will you please have it attended to at once and oblige.

Yours, very truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Columbus, Ohio, April 21, 1862.

Captain JOHN H. DICKERSON.

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Cincinnati, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: By authority of the Quartermaster-General certain expenditures have been made here for the recruits and wants of the prisoners of war at Camp Chase for which funds have been furnished by the State with the understanding that the amount would be refunded by the quartermaster's department, and I have to request that you will pay all accounts growing out of the matter presented by Governor Tod.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 47. Jefferson City, Mo., April 21, 1862

I. It is represented on reliable authority at these headquarters that bands of jayhawkers guerrillas marauders murderers and every species of outlaw are infesting to an alarming extent all the southeastern portion of Jackson County, and that persons of influence and wealth in these vicinities are knowingly harboring and thus encouraging (if not more culpably connected with) these bands of desperadoes. A prairie known as the "Doctor Lee Prairie," its borders and surroundings are mentioned as the haunts of these outlaws and the farmers generally in these neighborhoods are said to be knowing to and encouraging the lawless acts of these guerrillas, &amp;c., as mentioned above. Murders and robberies have been committed; Union men threatened and driven from their homes; the U. S. mails have been stopped; farmers have been prohibited planting by the proclamation of a well-known and desperate leader of these outlaws by the name of Quantrill and the whole country designated reduced to a state of anarchy. This state of things must be terminated and the guilty punished. All those found in arms and open opposition to the laws and legitimate authorities who are known familiarly as guerrillas jayhawkers murderers marauders and horsethieves will be shot down by the military upon the spot when found perpetrating their foul acts. All who have knowingly harbored or tried by a military commission for their offenses, and those who have harbored and fed such miscreants as guerrillas, &c., but against whom clear proof cannot be obtained and who profess ignorance of having

