
done these wrongs will be put under heavy bonds and security for their future good conduct or confined until they give such bonds, &amp;c.

II. In order to correct that evils mentioned in the preceding paragraph and insure the passage of the mails regularly Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Brown, Seventh Missouri Volunteers, commanding the counties of Jackson and Cass will station one company of cavalry about five miles north of Pleasant Hill on the southern and one company on the northern border of the "Doctor Lee Prairie" to punish these guerrillas and escort the mail in safety whenever necessary.

III. Major Curly, commanding post at Warrensburg will send one company First Iowa Cavalry to proceed to Pleasant Hill and escort the mail now there through to Independence, when it will return again to its present post.

By order of Brigadier General James Totten, commanding districtz:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 22, 1862

Honorable H. HAMLIN, President of the Senate.

SIR: In answer to the resolution of the Senate passed the 21st instant I respectfully state that Brigadier General Charles P. Stone was arrested upon evidence which in my judgment required that he should be arrested and brought to trial for grave offenses. He has not yet been tried because the officers required to constitute a proper court ad for witnesses could not be withdrawn from their commands without serious injury to the service. There will be no unnecessary delay in bringing him to trial. Copies of charges will in due season be furnished him and full opportunity will be afforded for his defense. During his imprisonment every proper indulgence has been and will continue to be extended toward him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 22, 1862.

PROVOST-MARSHAL, Saint Louis:

It is reported that forty for fifty of the most bitter secessionists in Saint Louis are about to start for the Oregon gold mines. If such an expeditions is on foot it ought to be prevented. It is most probably a blind and the destination may be Corinth. See Captain Meigs, assistant quartermaster, ask what he knows and act in absence of General Halleck.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

I thank you for your dispatch of yesterday. I will make an effort to secure the exchanges to-morrow when I will send up a flag of truce.

JOHN E. WOOL.

Major-General

