
BALTIMORE, April 22, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON. Secretary of War:

No more prisoners of war can be received at Fort Delaware till additional accommodations which I have ordered are prepared. I have over seventy prisoners of war and about thirty state prisoners confined here in the city jail. No person is allowed to communicate with them except a committe of the Union Relief Association, but they ought not to be here long. In about ten days 400 more prisoners can be received at Fort Delaware with the enlarged accommodations.

JOHN A. DIX.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT.

Baltimore, Md., April 22, 1862

Captain T. C. JAMES, Warden of the City Jail.

SIR: You will please allow Messrs. Robinson, Streeter and Pancoast, of the Union Relief Association, to distribute to the prisoners of war any articles that may be provided for their comfort.

Respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., April 22, 1862

Colonel MATTHEWS.

DEAR SIR: From all that I can learn in connection with General Murray's arrest I am thoroughly satisfied that it would be the better policy to release him upon condition of his renewing his allegiance to the Government and entering into security for a reasonable amount for the faithful observance thereof. I should not hesitate in taking this course if I had caused the arrest to be made. His release will accomplish far more than sending him away. He is a mere militia general, elected by the people, authorized by the militia law and commissioned by the Governor. He was never in the Confederate service as I understand who are to be sent away. I think it would be better to make some examination of their cases before giving them so much importance. It is much better to keep some here so far as affecting the public mind than to send them away. Many of these men are not known beyond their immediate neighborhood, and can exert no influence whatever uponthe State or beyond its limits. I think that you or some other person ought to be authorized to make a partial examination at least of these cases before they are dignified with a trip examination at least of these cases before they are dignified with a trip North or any other point beyond the limits of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW JOHNSON.

P. S. - I hope that you will submit this letter to Captain Greene as I understand he has control of these cases. If he has not such control then to General Dumont.

A. J.

