
WASHINGTON, April 22, 1862.

Colonel G. H. CROSMAN.

Deputy Quartermaster-General, Philadelphia:

Prepare shanties to shelter 2,000 prisoners of war at Fort Delaware on the island outside the fort but under its guns.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 6. Saint Louis, Mo., April 22, 1862.

I. Hereafter no prisoners arrested in this district will be sent to saint Louis without orders from these headquarters.

II. Officers making arrests will report without delay the names of persons arrested with the charges against them and names of witnesses to substantiate the charges, in order that speedy trial and punishment of criminals may be secured and orderes be give for the proper disposiiton of prisoners of war.

III. Arrests will not be made without good and sufficient reasons, and no person arrested either as prisoner of war or as a criminal will be released except by orders from district headquarters.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

FRANK J. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The operator at Fort Monroe sends the following dispatch dated 11 o'clock this forenoon:

The Federal prisoners at Richmond expect our troops there daily and have secret organization to act in concert when they arrive and that unless we get there inten days they will make a break for our lines. No spies been executed there during last four weeks except one who had counterfeit Confederate paper money. Others reprieved indefinitely. Man named St. Clair, arrested as Union spy, broke jail at Richmond Saturday night.

[ANSON] STAGER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 23, 1862.

Honorable CHARLES B. CALVERT, House of Representatives.

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you in reply to your letter of the 21st instant that he has already ordered a full investigation of the circumstances attending the shooting of Jesse Wharton at the Old Captil Prison, and that when the report of the officers intrused with this duty shall have been submitted to this Department you will be promptly advised of the result of their inquiries.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

