
Sprague, for clothing (my baggage having been carried away on the steamer) or to communicate with any one on any pretext. After he expiration of seven or eight days the U. S. ship Ino, Captain Creesy, touched at Tangier. I was then removed to the Ino to be carried as I understood to the UNited States, having been assured by the consul and captain Creesy that upon reaching the ship my irons should be removed and that I should receive the utmost kindness. Upon reachig the Ino, however, I was conducted below (with the captain's promise that I should communicate with my friends) and handcuffs (in addition to the irons already on) put upon me and confined to the port side of the steerage a space about nine feet squre. The Ino immediately went out to Algeciras, in Spain opposite Gibraltar, remained the night, putting to sea the following day, and after a cruise of some seven days round and about the straits, passed out to the Atlantic and bore up the Spanish coast. While off Cadiz she met by accident a merchant ship homeward bound, presenting an opportunity to send me home. The merchantman was accoreingly ordered to heave to, and I was transferred to the Harvest Home, Dickey master, bound to Boston. This transfer was executed on the 6th day of March, a conducted into the presence of Captain Creesy, there stripped searched and what money I had ($55) taken from me. Then a formal delivery was made of my person to the captain of the vessel in which I as a prisoner passenger was to be taken to the United States, with the command that the irons were to be kept upon me and to place me where "the vermin would take hold of me. " I subsequently learned from the mate of the Harvest Home that Captain Dickey had been ordered to feed me on bread and water during the passage.

On the 18th instant after a passage of forty-three days I arrived at Boston was delivered to the deputy marshal, taken to the U. S. marshal's office and a blacksmith (I presume it was) called and the irons I had worn for sixty days stricken from me.

Such is a brief recital of the circumstances of my arrest and forced return to the United States after an absence of six years, having been U. S. consul at Cadiz five years of that time. Such is a truthful account of an outrage without precedent or parallel perpetrated upon a loyal citizen in the neutral territory of a weak power. Such an act I feel confident could never have been contemplated or authorized by the Government of the United States, and merits and I am assured will receive its prompt and unqualified disavowal. I assume for the credit of my Government that itwill not only discountenance and disavow the act of Mr. De Long, the U. S. consul at Tangier, but that it will extend to me its protection in the prosecution of the agent of the outrage, and usurpation of which I have been the victim. It is enough that a loyal citizen (not connected or compromised in any way) resident abroad where his business and social relations had made hima home, has been grosly and violently deprived of his liberty without cause, maltreated and punished to entitle himto the immediate consdieration maltreated and punished to entitle him to the immediate consideration and protection of his Government. I have been as you well know in correspondence with the Government, and since my removal from the consulate at Cadiz, and still have accounts unsettled with it which I hope to adjust when I may be permitted to go to Washington.

Reseriving some details for a personal interview and submitting most respectfully, the foregoing relation of the particulars of my case to the Government,

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

T. T. TUNSTALL,

Late U. S. Consul at Cadiz.

