
STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Suffolk County, City of Boston, ss:

I was consul of the United States at Cadiz from [February 21], 1856, to July 1861, since which time I have continued to reside at Cadiz, and designed so to do for some years to come. I am a native and citizen of Alabama and have always adhered loyally to the Government of the United States, and never designed to return to Alabama during the present rebellion. On the 19th day of February last I embarked from Gibraltar on a French steamer for Cadiz with Mr. Myers, a former acquaintance, in my company, and stopped at Tangier, in Morocco, one of the steamer's regular points, and accidentally went on shore and was there arrested by the American consul, Mr. De Long, Mr. Myers being arrested at the same time and the same treatment being extended to both of us up to this time.

Mr. De Long put irons on my ankles and so kept me for the term of about eight or nine days without liberty to write to my friends or communicate with any one. He then delivered me to Captain Creesy, of the American armed ship Ino, who at first promised to be very kind and gave me paper and pen to write, but said he must see whatever I wrote. I told him that some of my servants and agents only knew the Spanish language, and I must write to them in Spanish. He said he could not permit that. I then said that I would not then write at all. Immediately after this Captain Creesy's conduct changed; he ordered me into a close room, had me handcuffed and kept me thus double-ironed for the term of about a week, when he delivered me to Captain Dickey of the bark Harvest Home, to be sent home, with injuctions to Captain Dickey to use great severity toward me and a parting remark to me in very ill-feeling that he had seriously thought of hanging me. On the second day after going on board the Harvest Home Captain Dickey caused the wrist irons to be removed, but kept the irons on my ankles during the whole voyage, which lasted forty-three days, thus preventing any possible change of clothingfor purposes of bathing and having any portionof my clothing washed. The treatment received from Captain Dickey was otherwise kind and considerate and after a voyage of forty-three days on the 18th of April he delivered me to the U. S. marshal at Boston since when I have been confined at Fort Warren.

T. T. TUNSTALL.

Thomas T. Tunstall of Tensaw Ala., being duly sown says that he has heard the above statement read and that the same is true.

Subscribed and sworn to before me April 23, 1862.

JOHN S. KEYES.

Justice of the Peace.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, April 24, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

This day I have sent the names of Corcoran, Willcos and others to Huger for exchange. A flag is approaching with some seventeen wounded prisoners taken at South Mills, N. C. All quiet and fine weather. The Galena gun-boat has just arrived.

JOHN E. WOOL,Major-General.

