
STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Suffolk County, City of Boston, ss:

My name is Henry Myers. I am a native and citizen of Georgia. On the 19th day of February last I was at Gibraltar and embarked on a Frech passenger steamer for Cadiz, thouching at Tangier Moocco, on the way where I landed to call on an acquaintance. While on shore and just as I was about returning to the steamer I was arrested in a forcible and violent manner by direction as I soon learned of the American consul, Mr. De Long, and taken to the residence of the said consul and placed in a stable, where I waws heavily ironed by some Moors and detained for an hour or two and then removed to the consul's house where after twor or three days' detention I obtained a saw and cut off the irons and jumped from the window but was recaptured and taken back to the same room and there kept about eight or nine days in all. On my recapture I was severely beaten by the Moorish employes of the consul in his presence and my life was menaced by a drawn sword at my throat.

After the lapse of said eight or nine days I was delivered to Captain Creesy, of the U. S. ship Ino, who at first received me kindly, but in a short time his steward told him that I had given something to a British merchant captain who was on board, when in fact I had not given him anything, but had merely exchanged recognitions with him as a Freemason and had shaken hands with him. From that time Captain Creesy exhibited instead of his kindness great cruelty and harshness in his tretment of me; palced me in a confined and uncomfortable place in the steerage, put handcuffs on me and subjected me to great inconvenience in eating in irons with my fingers and on the deck. This continued for about a week, whenI was delivered to Captain Dickey of the bark Harvest Home, to be brought to the United States, Captain Creesy saying to Captain Dickey that he wishedhim to keep me till the vermin should take holdof me, as had happened to many of our had seriously thought oaptain Dickey took me to his vessel and proceeded on his voyage. On the second day he took off the handcuffs, but did not remoe the leg irons, and it was necessary to get my clothing off my slipping pantaloons and drawers through the irons by an ingenious process shown to me by one of the ship's company in order to effect a change and to wash which was done twice on the voyage. Captain Dickey treated me from first to last with great kindness and consideration and I shall always regard him as entitled to my esteem and gratitude.

Mr. T. T. Tunstall, late consul to Cadiz, was arrested with me under the same circumstances, and all I have stated in regard to my treatment and the incidents of my confinement applies equally to him, except in regard to my attempted escape in which he did not participate. My attempted trip to Cadiz was to visit Mr. Tunstall, with whose family I was acquainted and knew all about him, though I had never met him before.

HENRY MYERS.

Henry Myers, of Savannah, Ga., being duly sworn, says that he has heard the above statement signed by him read and knows the contents thereof and that the same is true.

Subscribed and sworn to before me April 24, 1862.

JOHN S. KEYES,

Justice of the Peace.

