
exchange grade for grade and man for man, for a like number paroled by me and to be designated by you, the exchange to be complete and effective thirty days from this date of communication.

I also prpose Surgeon Gray and Assistant Surgeons McKee and Alden, of the U. S. Army for exchange for Surgeon Covey, Assistant Surgeon Taylor and Assistant Surgeon

-----

, of the Confederate Army. I have not regarded and do not regared these gentlemen as combatants and legitimate prisoners of war, but as Doctors Gray, McKee and Alden have been so regarded by yourself and Colonel Baylor it is but just that they should be released by exchange from the obligations imposed upon them.

I inclose an extract* from an order in relation to the sick and wounded of the Confederate troops in New Mexico, and suggest that one or more medical officers from your command be sent back for the purpose of ministering to the wants of your sick and wounded. I make this suggestion for the reason thatt he medical officers of my command will be actively employed and cannot be disturbed from their appropriate duties.

The officer who bears this communication is fully empowered to act for me and I ask for him the courtesy and attention accorded to the bearer of a flag.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.

DETROIT, April 25, 1862.

General L. THOMAS:

About how many prisoners may be expected here on their way to Mackinac and when will they arrive?

W. HOFFMAN.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., April 25, 1862.

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio.

DEAR SIR: Your telegram of this date* is just received. I regret that General Hill is not willing to accept the command of the depot, for I feel quite sure he has the experience and the abilities which would enable himto fill the place very satisfactorily. In making a new appointment I wish if possible to make it certain that the gentleman selected shall be in every way equal to the position and able to meet any emergency that may arise, and to insure this I must depend entirely upon your judgment. You fully appreciate all the difficulties of the case and will know how to meet them. The commander must have some military experience the more the better, and he should be a little advanced in life, as years will give weight to his authority which a young man could not command. Major Pierson has many qualities which peculiarly fit himfor the position he is very gentlemanly and courteous in his deportment is very industrious and attentive and most anxious that everything shall be done in a proper manner, but he needs mainly confidence in himself and decision of character growing in part out of his want of experience in military matters, and cases requiring prompt and decisive action may arise when he would be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

