
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the instructions of the Department to prepare a project for establishing a depot of prisoners upon one of the islands at the west end of Lake Erie, and having consulted with yourself and the Adjutant-General I respectfully recommend that Lieutenant Colonel William Hoffman, of the Eighth Infantry, an officer of rank and experience whose misfortune in having been placed on parole renders it impossible for him to take the field, be appointed commissary of prisoners and charged with the details necessary for establishing the depot.

It will be necessary for the commissary of prisoners to visit the islands and quarters, and to ascertain whether any of them of suitable size and location can be obtained on reasonable terms. If disappointed in this he should examine some other site, perhaps Madiosn Barracks, the barracks near Buffalo and other points.

A guard which can perhaps be detached from the troops on parole with proper officers and an assistant quartermaster can be detailed after the site is fixed on definitely.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ohio, October 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: Applications are frequently being made at this department for the discharge of prisoners of war confined at Camp Chase. The Governor directs me to inquire of you whether the commandant of the department shall exercise the authority to discharge or whether applications for that purpose shall be made directly to your Department. He deems it very desirable that some arrangement should be made by which these applications can be speedily disposed of as such prisoners are accumulating very rapidly.

Very respectfully,

M. WELKER,

Aide-de-Camp.

FORT HAMILTON, October 4, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secrtary of State.

SIR: Pursuant to your orders handed to me by the U. S. marshal of New York, I have the honor to report that the following-named persons confined at Fort Lafayette as privateersmen were turned over to the care of U. S. Marshal Murray, viz: John H. Marshall, P. McCarty, Charles Forrester, George C. Gladden, J. P. M. Calvo, John Gonzales, James Riley, John Williams, Archibald Wilson. One of the above named was left sick at the fort by Marshal Murray who promised to come down this day and removed him to the quarantine hospital.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

