
quite at a loss to know what to do. He appreciates his deficiences and is very willing to resign his place into more able hands if such are within my reach, but he desires as I do also that it should appear as his own voluntary act, and when I notify him that a suitable person is recommended he will tender through me his resignation. he is deserving of much credit for his efforts to orgnize his command and put the depot in good order. There was nothing which came within the range of his duties that he was not willing and ready to do, frequently crossing to and from the island when it was really attended with much danger. He has been at considerable expense in providing himself with his military outfit andis entitled to all the kind consideration the case admits of. He would like to have a leave of absence before resigning as a preliminary step, but I do not see how this can be arranged.

If you think Colonel Hunter is the right man for the place I am very willing that he should receive the appointment, but I want to avoid if possible another experiment. I might find a great many mn who would not suit me as well as Major Pierson. Please give me your decision by telegraph as I wish if I can to settle the matter before I go West early next week.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, April 26, 1862.

To the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In compliance with the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 24th of February last, requesting information in regard to insurgent privateers in foreing ports I transmit a report from the Secretary of State and the documents by which it was accompanied.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclose.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 26, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

The Secretary of State to whom was referred the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 24th of February last requesting the President "to communicate to the HOUse if not incompatible with the public service whether any foreing power has received into her ports armed ships in rebellion against the Government of the United States and has allowed them to deliver their prisoners taken from American vessels captured and burnt upon the high seas, and ahs furnsihed such ships with supplies of fuel and stores, with repairs to their machinery and increase to their armament; and whether such poweror any power has refused to American national vessels a harbor in her ports or to supply them withfuel and stores, or has intercepted their ingress or egress into or from her ports; and all information he may have upon the subject, and all correspondence in relation thereto," has the honor to lay before the President the papers containing the information desired a list of which is thereunto appended. *

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

---------------

*Only that portion of the correspondence relating directly to the prisoners captured by the Nashville and Sumter is here printed. For Mr. Seward's report complete see Executive Document Numbers 104, House of Representatives, Thirty-seventh Congress, second session.

---------------

