
In reply the governor informed me that he had telegraphed to Madrid for instructions. I have this evening received a note from the governor with a transcript of a telegram received by him from the minister of war, by which it appears that the civil governor is to receive instructions from the minister of the interor, the result of the deliberations of a council of ministers to be held this evening. The vessel is at present in quarantine; she has froty-four prisoners on board. I shall take charge of them if she is admitted and send them to the United States by first opportunity. These men I understand are the crew of three vessels destroyed by her on the voyage from Martinique to this port. She is short of coal and wants to be docked if permission can be obtained, which I shall do all in my poer to prevent. I was told by a person that was alongside of the Sumter that the captain inquired of him whether Mr. Rost, the Southern commissioner, had arrived at Madrid. At the same time I telegraphed you this morning I sent a dispatch to Mr. Adams at London, so the news is well on the way home.

I shall keep you advised from day to day.

I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SOMERS SMITH,

U. S. Consul.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 6.]

U. S. CONSULATE, Cadiz, January 5, 1862.

HORATION J. PERRY, Esq.,

U. S. Charge d'Affaires, Madrid.

SIR: I received your telegram and immediately called upon the military and civil governors and read to them your dispatch which I afterwards communicated to them in writing. They have not yet received the final orders from Madrid. I think from allthat I can learn that the Sumter will unquestionably be obliged to leave this port on sanitary grounds; the only question is whether the prisoners will be permitted to land here in quarantine or not. Should the Government accede to their landing they will have to be placed under quarantine for at least fourteen days in some hulk. The Sumter is strictly watched by the authorities and will only be allowed to move as the Government at Madrid may determine. I was informed by the civil governor to-day during an interview I had with him that he was expecting further instructions from Madrid, the substance of which he promised to communicate to me extra officially. Should I learn anything further previous to the sending of this dispatch I will add it in a postscript.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SOMERS SMITH,

U. S. Consul.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 7.]

U. S. CONSULATE, Cadiz, January 6, 1862.

HORATIO J. PERRY, Esq.,

U. S. Charge d'Affaires, Madrid.

SIR: I telegraphed you this morning that the authorities of this place according to their instructions have decided to admit the Sumter to-morrow she having fulfilled three days required for quarantine the prisoners to be handed over to this consulate. They consist of the crews of the ship Vigilant, bark R. W. M. Dodge and schooner Arcade, at least as far as I can learn. Mr. Eggleston having received permission to act will take charge of this consulate to-morrow.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN SOMERS SMITH.

