
entered his protest as instructed. I cannot too much urge upon your attention the necessity for two or three of our fast-steaming gunboats in these seas.

The Sumter is partially disabled and unseawrothy already, and with the advantage of the electric telegraph through all these coasts could easily be caught or blocakded at Cadiz or elsewhere. You will remakr the telegrams from mr. Sprague at Gibraltar.

seamen are apt to discover two corsairs where there is only one, but it is not quite clear whether another privateer is not at this moment cruising off the Straits of Gibraltar.

With sentiments of the highest respect, your obedient servant,

HORATIO J. PERRY.

P. S. - At a late hour I am able to inclose copies of the telegrams Nos. 19, 20, 21, and 22 of to-day.

The result is still doubtful, though I am afraid something will be done to stop the leak of the Sumter more with a view to get rid of her than anything else.

The press will also make some demonstration on this subject according to indications to-night.

PERRY.

[Inclosure to sub-inclosure Numbers 8.] [Telegram Numbers 1.]

CADIZ, January 4, 1862-11. 10 a. m.

CHARGE D'AFFAIRES OF THE UNITED STATES, Madrid:

An armed rebel steamer has just anchored. It is thought to be the Nashville.

SMITH,

Consul.

[Telegram Numbers 2.]

CADIZ, January 4, 1862-1. 40 p. m.

CHARGE D'AFFAIRES OF THE UNITED STATES, Madrid:

The steamer is the Sumter. She comes from Rio Janeiro. Has destroyed three vessels on the way. Has forty-two prisoners on board.

SMITH,

Consul.

[Telegram No. 3.]

MADRID, January 4, 1862.

The CONSUL OF THE UNITED STATES, Cadiz:

Go immediately to the authorities that theyput in force the royal decree of June 17, 1861, with that privateer. The Government promises me to communicate this order as well. The Sumter must free the prisoners as did the Nashville in Southampton. No Spanish authority can permit her either to keep property or prisoners.

PERRY.

[Telegram Numbers 4.]

MADRID, January 4, 1862.

ADAMS, Minister of United States, London:

The rebel steamer Sumter is at Cadiz, just arrived from Brazil. Has destroyed three vessels and has forty-two prisoners on board.

PERRY.

