
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 7, 1861.

C. B. DIBBLE, Esq., New York.

SIR: Your communication of the 1st instant has been received. This Department is disposed to act toward traitors taken in arms promptly and positively so far as is consistent with the usages of civilized warfare. It can therefore find no objection to your furnishing clothing to prisoners taken at Cape Hatteras as you desire. With reference to communicating with the authorities of North Carolina in order to communicating with the general commanding at Fort Hatteras, through whom perhaps such communication may be made.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 7, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Eighth Infantry, New York.

COLONEL: Having been appointed* commissary of prisoners and having reported to this office for instructions by order of the Secretary of War I have the honor to request you to proceed to the group of islands known as the Put-in-Bay, and Kelley's Island, off Sandusky in Lake Erie, and to examine them with reference to the lease of the ground upon some of them for a depot for prisoners of war. You will report which of the islands a affords on the whole the greatest advantages for the location of such a depot, the price at which a suitable tract of land can be leased during the war and such other matters as may be of importance. Should other localities in that vicinity appear to you to be better fittef for the purpose you are authorized to visit them also. You will complete this duty as soon as practicable, and returning to this city report in writing the result of your examination, making a report also upon the steps necessary to establish a depot and prepare it for the reception and safe detention of prisoners. The locality selected, should not be in a higher latitude than that of the west end of Lake Erie in order to avoid too rigorous a climate.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, October 7, 1861.

Brigadier General B. HUGER, Commanding Forces, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Herewith I send a package of money said to contain $50 for Lieutenant John L. Wordon, U. S. Navy, now a prisoner at Montgomery, Ala., which I have to request you will have forwarded to him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer.

---------------

* See Special Orders, Numbers 284, October 23, p. 121.

---------------

4 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

