
transmitted yesterday, lest some new incident might occur to vary the tone of my own note.

Having learned by telegram from the consul at Cadiz the departure of the corsair I have sent in my note dated yesterday, and beg now to refer the whole business to your superio judgment. The copy and translation of my note are inclosed and I hope will be approved. I ought to say perhaps that if it had not been for the example of what had taken place with the Nashville in an English port I am confident that the Sumter would have been forced to go to sea from Cadiz as she came. It is evident that very little was allowed to be done to her.

You will notice the telegrams of last evening and of this morning. It seems that this steamer destroyed two more vessels in the Straits of Gibraltar yesterday and brings in their crews prisoners to that port.

When will a Federal man-of-war appear in those seas?

With the highest respect, sir, your obedient servant,

HORATIO J. PERRY.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 11.]

JANUARY 19, 1862.

Mr. ADAMS, American Minister, London:

Sumter arrived here last night with crews of captured vessels. Particulars not yet ascertained.

SPRAGUE.

JANUARY 19, 1862.

Bark Neapolitan, of Kingston, destroyed by Sumter. Captain and crew safe in my charge. Bark Investigator or Searsport, permitted to proceed to England, cargo being British, captain giving bond for $11,000. Sumter at anchor here.

SPRAGUE.

[Sub-inclosure No. 12.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES, Gibraltar:

Before me, Horatio Jones Sprague, consul of the United States of America for this port of Gibraltar, personally came and appeared this day Andrew Burditt, master of the late American bark Neapolitan, of Kingston who reported having sailed from Messian on or about the 28th day of December last past laden with a cargo consisting of sulphur and green fruit and bound for Boston. That during the voyage he experienced variable weather and that on or about the 16h day of January instant he made the Rock of Gibraltar strong westerly winds prevailing at the time, and was endeavoring to work up the Straits of Gibraltar when at about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 18th instant, Ceuta bearing south about two miles and a half distant, with moderate and baffling winds from the westward, a steamer was seen steaming east with the ensign of the United States of America flying; soon after the said steamer squared right for the said bark Neapolitan and she came alongside, ordering the said appearant to heave to; a boat was sent on board from the said steamer which took the said appearant on board the said steamer, which proved to be the C. S. steamer Sumter, commanded by Captain R. Semmes, with a crew of about seventy men. That a boat with a full crew was then sent from the said steamer to the said bark Neapolitan, who began stripping everything from her in the shape of sails, rigging, oils, paints, provisions, &amp;c., which were then put

