
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 16.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 3, 1862.

HORATIO J. PERRY, Esq., Madrid.

SIR: Your confidential note of March 1* was duly received. The demonstration of satisfaction and cordiality made on the occasion of the release by the Spanish Government of our contrymen who had been carried captives by the pirates into Cadiz was very natural and very creditable to all the parties concerned. The loyal spirit manifested by Mrs. Perry reflects great credit upon her.

i have read with great interest the copy of the note which you addressed to Mr. Calderon Collantes in December last.

I trust that henceforth we shall have the good fortune to show that we are sensible to the good feeling exhibited towrad us by the Spanish Government.

Faithfully, yours,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, April 26, 1862

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

General: I have received your letter of the 24th instant. As regards the exchanges of the officers whose names you forward I ave transmitted copies of your letters to the War Department and recommended that as you stated in your letter of January 13 our "privateersmen would be treated as prisoners of war and subject to exchange" these officers be exchanged for the privateersmen according to the schedule of rank partly agreed upon between yourself and General Cobb. I will inform you as soon as I receive an answer.

The packages and letters sent have been duly forwarded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 26, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk.

GENERAL: Information has reached me through the Richmond papers and from reports brought by persons coming from Norfolk of several individuals having been arrested, tried and condemned to be executed by a court-martial for information communicated by them to the United States against the forces opposed to them.

I desire through you to call the attention of the authorities at Richmond to the well-known fact that many persons have been arrested by the United States Government on similar charges, yet in no instance has the Government proceeded against them beyond holding them in military custody.

With the hope that this communication will claim attention, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOH E. WOOL,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

32 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

