
[APRIL 26, 1862. - For terms of capitulation of Fort Macon, N. C., see Series I, Vol. IX, p. 276.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, N. Mex., April 26, 1862.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY, Commanding Confederate Army.

SIR: I send Captain W. H. Lewis, Fifth Infantry, to you under a flag as the bearer of a communication upon the subject of exchange, and I bespeak for himand his escort the courtesy usually accorded to the bearer of a flag of truce.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY.

Colonel Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Department.

ZENESVILLE, OHIO, April 26, 1862

[To the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.]

HONORABLE AND DEAR SIR: I address you though a stranger because I feel so deep an interest in our country. Having sons in the Third and Thirteenth Ohio Regiments I feel that I have some interest in the great work which is now going forward, but the subject which prompts me to address you is a growing evil. I allude to the peculiar annoyance which is experienced almost every dayin our capital. You will see by a column from the Cincinnati Commercial what a wide feeling has been awakened upon the subject of the rebel prisoners. Those officers who have lifted up their hands against the Government and shed the blood of our sons walk the streets bold and defiant, record their names at our hotels as C. S. Army, and are encouraged in these impudent airs by some of Ohio's degenerate sons, and even women seem to hold out to them the idea that a reactions is taking place in the rights. Now I am told that the matter has become too much alomst to be endured, and unless something be done to relive the excited feelings I fear that an outbreak of outraged feelings may lead to the most serious consequences.

I am informed that our Legislature would pass on order for our Executive to take the matter in hand, but they and we suppose that all these matters are in the hands of the General Government. Although a stranger and perhaps one who should not have presumed to address you, still I could no longer rest at ease. To have our sons toil in the Army and be subjected to trials and the most severe deprivations and then to have these rebel officers actually at their ease ieaking treason openly and boldly is almost too much for human endurance, and to have them where the sympathizers with the south shall make dinnerse and parties for them while our soldiers are treated like beasts when they are taken prisoners is too much. I speak for many when I beseech you to abate the evil. Hardly a man in our streets but alludes to it. Not a peper in our whole region but is out upon Camp Chase and not allowed to go beyond its lines. Let rebel sympathizers be kept from them unless shares of their confinement and we shall be satisfied. We are willing to give what we possess for our

