
Government; our property and our sons, yea ourselves, but do I beseech you protect us from the insults of these rebel prisoners.

I am, with respect, yours, &amp;c.

N. A. REED,

Pastor of the Market Street Baptist Church.

P. S. - No complaints so far as I know are made against Colonel Moody in his care of the camp, but the difficulty is with those who are on parole in our streets over whom the colonel has it is understood no control.

[N. A. R.

[Inclosed newspaper extracts.]

Numbers 1.

The rebel prisoners who have their quarters at Camp Chase have been guilty of the gravest crimes recognized by law and known to society, or it is a great wrong to deprive themin anydegree of their personal liberty. In the judgment of the loyal people of the nation they are criminals. They have been taken with arms in their hands fighting to overthrow our republican form of government. The precious blood of the young men who have fallen in this war fighting under the star-spangled banner has been shed by them and others like them. All over the land are homes made desolate by the. They should be treated with humanity as we treat convicts in the penitentiary and vagrants inour watch-houses. But the fact is they appear to be received at Columbus with distinguished consideration. They write themselves down as of the C. S. Army. They prowl about the bar rooms, drink the mean whisky for which Columbus is famous and condescend to make acquaintance among the poor white trash of the North who fawn uponthem. They order new Confederate uniforms and talk treason publickly, as rampantly as if in Richmond. Foolish women, crack-brained on the subject of the South, are permitted to minister to them, not to wait on the sick or to "comfort the afflicted," but to encourage them to persevere and "whip the Yanks. " They are told that the war was brought on by the Abolitionists and that there is a reaction which will soon place the Government in the attitude of a suppliant at the feet of the rebellion. The women who burst into tressed and humiliated because they were born in the free North and raised among white folks instead of in the South, where they might have become naturally aristocratic by intimate association with niggers-these sympathizers withthe she-devils who insult our soldierse in the South, when our bayonest protect them from their own slaves, are allowed to pet and fondle the dilapidated Secesh who have been baggaed without dying very much in the last ditch and sent North for safe-keeping. There are not many of these female Copperheads, but the breed is not extinct, and they are naturally found crawling about the prisons, wheer the aristocracy of niggerdom can be seen in the enjoyment of the rights they have acquired by secession. It seems to be a mixed question as to who has authority at Columbus over the prisoners, but there can be no doubt that whoever has is negligent of duty or blind to the atrocities which amaze and exasperate the loyal people of Ohio. Governor Tod says in his able and eloquent letter to Colonel

