
FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y. Harbor, October 8, 1861.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, U. S. Army, Commanding.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the condition of the sick prisoners has not improved. Deaths almost daily and there continues to be a large number of cases of measles, pneumonia, typhoid fever, &amp;c. I have taken as many cases into the hospital as can be accommodated. The sickness will continues and increase so long as so large a body of men is crowded together in Castle William. If 100 are removed to Bedloe's Island as contemplated and including a large proportion of the sick there will be better facilities for improving the condition of those remaining.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

WM. J. SLOAN,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 9, 1861.

Colonel LOOMIS, Commanding at Fort Columbus, N. Y.

COLONEL: You are authorized to permit William F. Martin who was taken prisoners at Hatteras Inlet to make proper arrangements for supplying himself and his fellow-prisoners with necessary clothing and for defraying the cost of the same. It is expected, however, that any interview between Mr. Martin or other of the prisoners and the person or persons who may be employed to furnish clothing will take place in the presence of a commissioned officer of the United States.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 10, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFLIED SCOTT:

The President directs that fifty-seven of the insurgent prisoners be released from confinement and set at liberty on their taking either the oath of allegiance or an obligation by oath not to engage in arms against the United States during the continuance of the present insurrection. The Lieutenant-General commanding will see to the execution of this direction.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, October 10, 1861.

Brigadier-General HUGER,

Commanding Forces, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: By a letter from Lieutenant Sharp (now as you are doubtless aware a prisoner at New York) to his wife, forwarded to Norfolk to-day by a flag of truce, I perceive that he is very anxious to be exchanged. Without any specific authority on the subject of exchanging prisoners I venture neverthless to say to you that I think he may be exchanged for Lieutenant Wordern, of our Navy, who I understand is still confined at Montgomery. Lieutenant Worden sailed with me some years ago and I am on terms of intimacy with his family. Hence the reason

