
Moody declining to accede to the colonel's passionate entreaties to be permitted to lead his regiment in the field:

You have now brought the responsible and delicate duty of safely keeping and humanely treating these prisoners to a perfect system, which without your personal presence may be placed in jeopardy.

If Colonel Moody's "perfect system" of "humanely treating these prisoners" includes the indulgences of which we have spoken the sooner the colonel and his system depart together the better. If the colonel is in any degree the responsible party we hope he will remember that an awakening to a realizing sense, contrition for sins, probation, confession of faith and works mete for repentance are required to convert a Secessionist into an honest man and a citizen fit for decent people to associate with.

No. 2.

COLUMBUS TURNED OVER TO SECESH.

We do not know how it happens nor by whose order it comes to pass but it is nevertheless a fact that our city is turned over to "Secesh" to such a degree as to make our streets and hotles more resemble Richmond than a loyal city of the Northwest. A stranger happening in at our hotels in view of the swarms of rebel uniforms and the fierce utternace of rebel oaths and threats might fancy himself set down at the capital of Jeff. Davis' dominions instead of at the capital of Ohio. Why such a number of men who have just come redhanded from the butchery of our friends and kindred and who are still "breathing forth threateings and slaughter" against us and our Government should be indulged with the privilege of swaggering and gasconading through our streets andinour public resorts we cannot comprehend. We know that our whole community feel the constant insults to which as loyal people they are subjected by these flaunting popinjays in rebel uniforms with burning indignation against the authoriteis, whoever they are, that give them license to preach treason inour midst under the protection of a parole. The matter has become a positive nuisance, and if not abated by the proper authorities the people will ere long take the business of its abatement into their own hands. When that time, comes let Secesh or any other man stand from under.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Columbus, April 27, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Colonel Charles H. Olmstead, prisoner of war from Fort Pulaski, requests to know if the Government will furnish to prisoners of war the articles of clothing that are absolutely required for them, and also whether they can see their relations who are really and truly such.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry. Commanding.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO.

Camp Shiloh, April 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General VAN CLEVE, Commanding Outpost.

GENERAL: You are directed by the general commanding the division to turn over to the rebel captain Harper those of the enemy's wounded

