
who are in the worst condition, but are still able to move; not any of those who are up and able to be about.

Inform the rebel captain Harper that hereafter all negotiations for exchange of the wounded, &amp;c., must be conducted outside our pickets under a flag of truce. They must not come up supposing that an arrangement has been made for exchanging prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Sabinal, N. Mex., April 27, 1862.

Surgeon COVEY, C. S. Army.

SIR: The colonel commanding department desires me to say that his train will not reach you as soon as anticipated, but it is to-night near this place. He will immediately direct Colonel Paul to send you ten days' rations for sixty men. You can purchase for provisions or wood. The quartermaster will take up your receipts for provisions and wood.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Captain, Twelfth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representations April 28, 1862.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform the House whether Judge Edward P. Pitts, of Northampton County, Va., who on the 10th day of March last was indorsed by a meeting of secessionists in that State "as loyal to the South," and who after that date sent a memorial to the rebel legislature at Richmond reiterating his loyally to the cause of Virginia and to so-called Confederate States, now holds his courts with the knowledge and by the consent of the major-general commanding the department which embraces Accomac and Northampton Counties, Va.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 28, 1862.

GEORGE J. BROWN, Esq., Worcester, Mass.

SIR: Your letter of the 23d* instant has been received. In reply I have to inform you that as soon as intelligence was received by telegraph of the arrival of Messrs. Myers and Tunstall at Boston a special agent was sent thither by the Department to investigate their case. For this reason chiefly it was not deemed advisable to allow the visits of other parties to them as such visits might tend to obstruct or defeat the object of the investigation.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., April 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM,

Headquarters Department of the Mississippi.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose two lists+ of prisoners, being those to be exchanged by an agreement entered into between Major-General Curtis, U. S. Army, and Major-General Price, C. S. Army.

---------------

* Omitted.

+ Not found.

---------------

