
General Price has carried out his part of the agreement. I have failed to ascertain the whereabouts of those whose names are on one of the lists. I presume they had deserted from the rebel army at the battle of pea Ridge and were believed by General Price to have been taken prisoners. It was Colonel Kelton's intention to send those who could be found down the river to the enemy's lines. The matter has not been referred to the War Department, but this hardly seems necessary as the exchange was agreed upon and carried out on the part of the enemy before the late order on the subject was received.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, April 28, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICERS, Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: I desire to be furnished with rolls of all prisoners of war who are now or have been in confinement at Camp Chase, and for this purpose I will send you in a few days printed blanks, which please fill up and forward to this office as early as practicable. Under the head of remarks show the alternations or transfer, deaths, &amp;c.

You will also please furnish this office at the end of each month a return of the prisoners under your charge during the month on which will be noted any changes that have taken place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Send as above also to commanding officers Camp Douglas, Camp Morton, Camp Butler, camp near Madison.)
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 29, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief, U. S. Forces.

(Through Major-General Buell, Commanding U. S. Army of the Ohio, Pittsburg, Tenn.)

GENERAL: Soon after the battle of Shiloh I had the honor through General Villapigue,* commanding at Fort Pillow, to propose to General Pope, commanding U. S. forces in that quarter, an exchange of prisoners. As no definite answer was given on that occasion I beg now to ask your attention to the subject, as neither humanity, the laws of war nor policy can require the longer confinement of these unfortunate men.

The convention of which within is a copy was ratified by Major-General Buell on the 14th instant in an indorsement made on that day on another paper of agreement+ entered into between G. H. Rumbaugh, surgeon, Federal Army, and B. W. Avent, medical director reserve division, C. S. Army, which indorsement is in the following words and figures, to wit:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Camp, Field of Shiloh, April 14, 1862.

This proposition is not approved in full. The agreement made by certain medical officers a day or two since and approved by General Breckinridge by which

---------------

* Villepigue to Pope, not found; Pope's answer, p. 439.

+ See p. 450.

---------------

