
[First indorsement.]

April 10, 1862.

As the wounded referred to within are now within my lines and cannot be removed without endangering their lives I have allowed them to remain in hospital, and no hereby approve this agreement made by the surgeons of the respective parties.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Confederate Troops.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, April 28, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: My medical director, Dr. W. D. Lyles, has been unofficially informed that the enemy declines permitting any of his sick to be removed from the hospital established near the battle-field of Shiloh.

By an agreement entered into in writing between Dr. W. D. Lyles, representing our interests, and a Dr. Berghoff, representing the enemy, it was stipulated that this hospital with its inmates, physicians and nurses should not be molested or subject to capture. It was also stipulated that either party might remove his sick and wounded at such times as might be convenient. This agreement was entered into after the hospital and its inmates, attending physicians, &amp;c., had been captured by the enemy and recaptured by our troops.

It is understood the agreement was recognized by both the enemy and our troops. By virtue of it the enemy was allowed to remove forty-two of his wounded. I am under the impression (for I think I was so informed) that a paper containing a ratification of the convention between the physicians was signed by General Breckinridge and General Wallace. The agreement between the physicians was forwarded from these headquarters to you. I have the honor to suggest that a flag of truce be sent demanding that the agreement be carried out in good faith.

You will oblige me by laying this matter before the commanding general at your convenience.

Your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 29, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I would call you attention to my proposal to exchange Colonel Willcox for Colonel Davidson, of Mississippi. Friends are still here awaiting with expectation that the exchange will be made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 29, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I received your communication of the 26th yesterday. In reply I have only to say that I am prepared to exchange prisoners

