
of war upon the same terms that governed you and myself previous to the appointment of Brigadier-General Cobb and myself to arrange a cartel for general exchange.

The only complaint I have now to make is that General Winder did not comply with his promise, twice repeated, of sending down certain prisoners of war from Richmond to receive whom I twice repeated, of sending down certain prisoners of war from Richmond to receive whom I twice sent steamer to the place appointed and no explanation - although twice requested - has been tendered for not fulfilling the promise voluntarily made. Notwithstanding which I repeat I am prepared to make exchanges upon the same terms as heretofore, and I have no doubt that you and myself could agree upon a cartel for general exchanged that would be as I believe satisfactory to all parties interested.

Any money [or] letters you may think proper to send to prisoners of war I will see forwarded as you may desire a better arrangement can be made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

Captain S. M. PRESTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Major McKenny of my staff is in Saint Louis to attend to the exchange of some rebel prisoners for whom General Price returned to me at Cross Timber, Ark., an equal number of our troops who have gone to duty. The matter is important. Please give it your attention.

[S. R. CURTIS,]

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 29, 1862.

Mr. JOHN CARR, Sanducky, Ohio.

SIR: Your letter of the 18th of March* to the Secretary of War complaining of fraud practiced on the Government inletting the contract to erect quarters for prisoners at Sandusky having been referred to this office was referred to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, for a report.

Colonel Hoffman has reported that the lateness of the season made it necessary that the buildings to be erected on Johnson's Island should be put up with the least possible delay, and that he was induced to give the contract to Messrs. Gregg &amp; West upon the assurances of many persons in Sandusky that they were men of energy, integrity and means, and better qualified - Mr. Gregg particularly - for that kind of work than any men in that part of the country, and that he might rely upon their carrying out their contract faithfully; that he was not disappointed in the men and that the work was completed within the time in a satisfactory manner. He further reports that he judged of the prices by comparison with propositions made to him at Cleveland and sandusky before the depot was located, and that no money was paid the contractors until the completion of the work, and no assistance was furnished them from men of the guard. In continuing the work this spring Colonel Hoffman reports that he was anxious to pursue the course that would lead to the best economy of time and money and that he secured its prosecution in the most faithful manner and without

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

