
requiring his personal supervision, and on terms so reasonable that he did not believe any responsible person could undertake the work for less. He heard of but one other person who would be likely to bid for it, and he was said to be without means. Before final action he submitted the whole matter to the Quartermaster-General, who left it to him to decide upon the best course to pursue in the matter.

Colonel Hoffman concludes his report by stating that he had no interest in the contractors, never having seen them before his visit to Sandusky, and that his action in the case was prompted solely by a desire to promote the public interest based on the best information he could obtain.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Las Lunas, N. Mex., April 29, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Albuquerque, N. Mex.

SIR: The department commander desires you to make immediate arrangements to accommodate some eighty of our own sick and wounded besides the arrangements you have made for the Confederate sick and wounded (some 100).

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Captain, Twelfth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 29, 1862.

Colonel H. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: When Captain Myers was relieved from duty at Columbus he failed to leave me copies of the orders and instructions under which he was acting. If you have a copy of General Meigs' letter authoritizing expenditures at Camp Chase to provide for the security and wants of the prisoners of war located there I will thank you to send me a copy so that I may be able to pay the accounts referred to by you in your letter of the 21st instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. DICKINSON,

Captain and Quartermaster.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 30, 1862.

Colonel W. W. MORRIS,

Commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md.

COLONEL: Mrs. Munsell, the wife of professor or Mr. A. F. Munsell, formerly of White Post, Clarke County, Va. (withing ten miles of Winchester), is in much grief concerning her husband who it is rumored was executed because a Union man soon after the outbreak of the rebellion. The execution is supposed to have taken place near Winchester. At that point Mr. Munsell was seized and conveyed away whilst about taking the cars for the North so as to reach a loyal State.

In consequence and for the information of the afflicted wife the Adjutant-General desires you to obtain from the Virginia prisoners under your charge the particulars of the execution of it has taken place.

