
or any information they may have which in any way concerns the gentleman in question. General J. E. Johnston was in command of the army in vicinity of Winchester at date Mr. Munsell was seized, and the Virginia regiments under him were the First, Second, Fifth, Eleventh and Thirteenth. Regiments from other States in his army were as follows: Fourth and Eleventh Mississippi, Fifth and Sixth Tennessee, First and Second Georgia, Fourth Kentucky, and it is possible the prisoners from there may have some information in that case of calue.

Please also ascertain if the said prisoners know anything of one Mr. Homer Fellows, of Fort Graham, Tex., who as a Union man was seized at Grant's Landing, Ark., and placed in a Tennessee prison to await trial.

I have the honor to be, colonel, &amp;c.,

T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, April 30, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

GENERAL: In your letter of the 29th in reply to mine of the 26th instant you stated the only compliant you have to make is General Winder's failing to send prisoners which he had notified you he would do and for whom you sent a boat twice.

General Winder in reply to my inquire stated he stopped the prisoners because General Cobb requested he would do so until the arrangements then making between you were concluded. General Cobb says he made this request because he believed your Government would not carry out the proposals you made in your letter of the 13th of February, and the result showed General Cobb's suspicion was correct.

You stated to me the persons captured in our privateers were to be considered prisoners of war and subject to exchange. On the faith of this statement several of the officers held as hostages for them were released and all would have been had the effort to arrange a cartel between General Cobb and yourself been carried out.

The non-commissioned officers and privates now held by us as prisoners will be at once released and a list of all the commissioned officers in our possession and on parole will be made out and sent you, and I request the favor of you to furnish me a list of our commissioned officers similarly situated that we may be able to make a general exchange and to avoid the inconveniences of partial exchanges.

I have to state that I shall recommend that such officers as have been retained as hostages for our privateers men be exchanged for those men according to the tariff of rank agreed upon until all are released, when any remaining officers will be exchanged for those of equal rank. After those disposed of I shall recommend that those who have been longest captured be first exchanged.

I hope we will be able to conduct this business in such a manner that our unfortunate countrymen may soon be released from captivity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

