
EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, May 1, 1862.

To the SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES:

In answer to the resolution of the Senate in relation to Brigadier-General Stone I have the honor to state that he was arrested and imprisoned under my general authority and upon evidence which, whether he be guilty or innocent, required as appears to me such proceedings to be had against him for the public interest as also perhaps unjust to General Stone to make a more particular statement of the evidence. He has not been tried because in the state of military operations at the time not been tried because in the state of military operations at the time of his arrest and since the officers to constitute a court-martial and for witnesses could not be withdrawn from duty without serious injury to the service. He will be allowed a trial without any unnecessary delay; the charges and specifications will be furnished him in due season and every facility for his defense will be afforded him by the War Department.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 1, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Lafayette:

Please release Mr. Cuthbert Lowe on his parole to remain in New York City until arrangements can be made to effect his exchange for Mr. Magraw. *

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., May 1, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Yours of the 29th is just received. In the change of medical directors there may have been some misapprehension in regard to wounded in field hospitals, all the wounded, our won and Confederate troops alike, being removed to more comfortable hospitals. Major-General Buell understood the agreement to be limited to such time as the field hospitals were broken up by the general removal of the wounded, but he will return as soon as practicable those under charge of Surgeon Lyles on being furnished with a list of their names.

No official information has been received by me in regard to any offer to exchange prisoners of war made through Generals Villepigue and Pope at Fort Pillow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[MAY 1-6, 1862. - For General Butler's proclamation upon the occupation of New Orleans and General Orders, Numbers 23, constituting a military commission for the trial of high crimes, &c., see Series I, Vol. VI, pp. 717 and 722.]

---------------

* See Vol. II, this Series, for correspondence, &c., relating to Henry S. Magraw.

---------------

