
of my feeling deeply interested in his behalf. Will you be good enough to inform me whether this suggestion be acceptable to yourself or otherwise?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Boston, Mass., October 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency Governor Andrew to request that he may be authorized to enlist a battalion of three or four companies of infantry to be commanded by a major to be sworn into service for three years or the war to be stationed at Fort Warren in Boston Harbor as a garrison and guard to the prisoners to be sent there until required elsewhere by the War Department. The Twenty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers which it was proposed by Governor Andrew in letter of 28th September to send to that fort will soon be ready to leave for the seat of war. It will be therefore necessary to provide another guard for the fort, and this should be undertaken at once. At the same time the Governor thinks a guard of one company as proposed by the War Department would be totally insufficient. If the enlistment of such a battalion were authorized it might be afterwards increased to a regiment and sent South when wanted.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your most obedient,

HARRISON RITCHIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, October 17, 1861.

The General-in-Chief recommends that the battalion be raised as proposed. Brevet Colonel Dimick, now at Fort Monroe, will be ordered to command at Warren.

Respectfully submitted.

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 12, 1861.

M. WELKER, Aide-de-Camp, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: Your favor of the 3rd instant asking for instructions relative to the discharge of prisoners of war has been received. In reply I have the honor to inform you that in order to receive the requisite authority you will please direct your application to the General-in-Chief of the Army.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 170. Washington, October 12, 1861.

Fifty-seven of the U. S. soldiers detained as prisoners in Richmond having been released on taking an oath not to bear arms against the

