
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, May 2, 1862.

Colonel J. A. MULLIGAN,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: The practice of permitting prisoners of war to receive money in small sums puts it in their power by combiting together to collect enough to tempt disloyal persons to assist in their escape, and to guard against such possibilities I desire that hereafter that instead of giving them money you will pay on their order from any deposist made with you for such purchases as they may be allowed to make.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, May 3, 1862.

CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT COMMITTEE OF SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES ON THE CONDUCT OF THE WAR,

Capitol, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have observed in the official report of a debate in the Senate, April 22 [21] ultimo, that the chairman of the Committee on the Conduct of the War stated positively that "every word" of the testimony before that committee against General Stone "was reported to him. "

This statement before the Senate greatly surprises me, as I am quite unaware of ever having read, heard read or having seen any portion of the record of any part of the testimony of any person ever examined before the committee. Not only this but I have never yet seen or heard read any portion of the record of my own testimony before the committe, although I repeatedly asked that it might be read over to me and was told that such opportunity would be afforded.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

ALTON, ILL., May 3, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department Headquarters, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: I received this morning two copies of lists of prisoners of war said to have been exchanged for others taken by General Price. One of these lists embraces the names of those who are now or have been confined at the military prison in Alton, and the other the names of those on the exchange list who have never been at Alton. Also a copy of the agreement for an exchange of prisoners by Generals Curtis and Price, a copy of a letter from General Schofield to General Hetchum and a copy of a letter from General Price to General Halleck. As no orders or instructions accompany these papers I can take no action in reference to them, and I do not know as it is expected I should.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. BURBANK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirteenth Infantry, Commanding.

33 R R - SERIES II, VOL III

