
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Monterey, May 7, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Ketchum, who will have the agreement entered into by Major-General Curtis carried out without delay. A steamer will be chartered to convey the pea Ridge prisoners down the Mississippi wherethey will be turned over to Commodore Foote, who will be furnished with a copy of the entire correspondence, and will be requested to place the prisoners ashore within the Confederate lines. Ample subsistence will be furnished to the prisoners. If those named on the list cannot be found, others from Pea Ridge will be substituted.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, May 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have your letter of the 2nd instant. On the faith of your statement that our privateersmen are prisoners of war and will be exchanged the officers heretofore held as hostages will be exchanged on the same terms as any others. As it is but fair those longest in captivity should be released first I request you will let the privateersmen be released and I will reiprocate and release first those longest Richmond. I have requested General Winder to send the prisoners fromRichmond to newport News on Monday, the 5th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 4, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Commanding:

Your dispatchin relation to prisoners received. The privateers are on the footing of prisoners of war, and were placed in Fort Lafayette for the sole purpose of withdrawing them from the civil authoroties and effecting their exchange. Instructions will be sent you by mail to morrow. There seems to have been a mistake on the other side respecting privateers which might well be explained to General Huger.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of Wr.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 4, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Fort Monroe:

Your dispatches in relation to the exchange of prisoners have been received and your proposition approved. The Department is quite willing and so far as I know has always been willing to leave the arrangement to yout judgment and discretion. The privateers were placed in Fort Lafayette for the express and sole purpose of removing them from the action of the civil tribunals andplacing them on the

