
footing of war prisoners. This appears to have been misunderstood. Would it not be well to explain it to General Huger? So far as I know every exchange has been carried out according to your judgment and will continue to be as well in respect to the privateersmen as to others. I will have the rolls sent to you as soon as they can be made out.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 4, 1862.

Colonel DIMICK, Commanding at Fort Warren, Boston:

You are directed not to release or exchange General Buckner or any other prisoners of war in your charge without express orders from the Secretary of War. Ifany order for exchange or release of any prisoner of war has been or may be sent you report the fact and send a copy of the order immediately to this Department and wait its instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, May 4, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War;

I believe I mentioned to you that Major-General McClellan would meet with little resistance at Yorktown. The bird has flown. Allow me to ask your attention to my communicating on the subject of the exchange of prisoners of war. The pressure on me for exchange of officers is very great from different arts of the country.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

CAMP MORTON, May 4, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: Immediately on receipt of your favor of the 28th ultimo I had a new list commenced of the prisoners at Camp Morton, but finding some discepancies with the old list in the book, and some omissions regarding names and dates of those deceased at hospitals, &amp;c., Iam having the whole revised and will forward as soon as practicable. One of my officers sent on duty to Columbus, Ohio, reports that two regiments are guarding about 1,000 prisoners; and here a minimum regiment, assisted by 207 from another (including non-commissioned officers), is guarding over 4,000 and furnishing details for several hospitals, &c. This may serve as some excuse for the present delay, especially as we have 130 on the sick-list in our regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD OWEN,

Colonel, Commanding Camp.

P. S. - I take the liberty of forwarding you a copy of my reply to some strictures, and a copy of rules.

R. O.

[Inclosure.]

A CARD FROMCOLONEL OWEN.

CAMP MORTON, Indianapolis, April 18, 1862.

EDITOR [INDIANAPOLIS] JOURNAL:

As an editorial in your issue of the 17th would seemto imply that His Excellency the Governor had failed to select a suitable person to

