
occurrence to which we referred (the visits to caloons by prisoners in charge of unarmed escorts) we regarded as a deviation of the camp rules and trusted the proceedings were without the knowledge of the commandant of the post. It turns out that the visits to the saloons were made in violation of promises given to Colonel Owen by some of his officers, and were are pleased to learn from the colonel's own statement that he regards the privilege granted a few prisoners of visiting the city to make purchases as one likely to be abused and has counter manded the order on the subject. The duties of Colonel Owen's command are onerous, and we regret to learn from his card that so far they have not been remunerated. Our Congressmen would do well to cut this piece of red tape. We cannot understand why men who are required to do the most troublesome of all military duties, "guarding prisoenrs," are not technically as much "in the field" as those who have marched beyond the borders of our State.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

RULES FOR CAMP MORTON.

1. The entire camp prisoners will be divided into thirty divisions, each under charge of a chief selected by the companies composing the division fromamong the first sergeants of companies. At the bugle call for first sergeants they will report themselves at headquarters.

2. These chiefs of divisions will draw up the provision returns for their divisions, care for and be responsible for the general appearance, police and welfare of their divisions. The first fifteen will constitute a board of appeal for the hearing of grievances, settlement and punishment of misdemeanors, subject to the approval of the commander of the post in their fifteen divisions. The other fifteen will form a like court for the remaining fifteen divisions.

3. Among the crimes and misdemeanors against which first sergants are expected to guard and which they will punish on detection are counterfeiting the commandant's, doctor's, adjutant's or chaplain's hands for requisitions, making improper use of premises, refusing to take a reasonable share in the details according to the roster, selling to the sutler any articles issued to them as clothing, appropriating things belonging to others or insulting sentinels.

4. The prisoner's return will be handed in for approval at 10 a. m. each alternate day previous to the one on which the issue is made. The issues of tobacco and stationery will be made on Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 p. m. by the chaplain, as well as the distribution of reading matter. Letters will be given out between 2 and 3 p. m. and mailed between 3 and 4 p. m.

5. Daily inspections will be made by the commandant or officer of the day to see that the policing so essential to health has been thoroughly performed, and facilities will be afforded for sports and athletic exercise also conductive to health, as well as bathing by companies, if permission can be obtained from the proper authority.

6. The first sergeants of companies will look after the general wants of tnd maintain the necessary order, discipline and police essential to health and comfort, and will make requisitions, first on chiefs of divisions, and they afterwards at headquarters, for clothing, camp and garrison equipage absolutely necessary; also for tobacco wanted, and the like.

7. The inside chain of soldiers, except a small patrol with side-arms, will be removed, and the quiet and good order of the camp as well as

