
States in rebellion an equal number of the prisoners of war taken from those States now confined in Washington and in new Harbor will be released on taking the prescribed oath of allegiance to the United States or an oath not to engage in arms against the United States.

Of these confined in this city the thirty-seven here named will be released as above. * Colonel Loomis, commanding at Fort Columbus, will in concert with Lieutenant-Colonel Burke select twenty from among the prisoners of war under their charge to make upt the number indicated.

The prisoners to be released will be sent by the first opportunity to Fort Monroe and thence under a flag of truce through the U. S. lines.

The following are the forms of oath to be administered:

OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.

I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies, whether domestic or foreign, and that I willbear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State, convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further, that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose, without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; So help me God.

OATH OF OBLIGATION NOT TO BEAR ARMS.

I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will not take up arms against the United States or serve in any military capacity whatever against them until regularly discharged according to the usages of war from this obligation.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General WOOL, Fort Monroe.

[OCTOBER 13, 1861. - For the Fremont Price exchange convention and agreement to discotinue arrests for political opinions, see Vol. I, this Series, pp. 548-562.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 15, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will furnish transportation by any U. S. steamer that may be going hence to Fort Monroe for fifty-seven prisoners of war released on their parole and en route to Norfolk. Please inform this Department when such steamer will sail. The Commissary-General of Subsistence has been instructed to furnish rations for the prisoners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,October 15, 1861.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: I duly received your letter of the 10th instant. As I had no instructions to act in an individual exchange of prisoners as you propose I have referred it to higher authority. The Government of the

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

