
executionof this order in Louisville and wherever you may hear of prisoenrs, except at Covington, where commanding officer attends toit.

J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, In camp, May 5, 1862. Numbers 41.
* * * * *

III. Captain Jumper, Eighteenth Ohio, and all of the officers and men of General Mitchel's division lately taken prisoners by the enemy and released on parole will be sent to Louisville to report to Major Flint, commanding barracks. They will be organized by Major Flint into four companies and effect by Major Flint will be without regard to their proper regiment, and company organization. They will be retained on the original rolls of their respective commands and reported as prisones on parole at Louisville.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Buell:

A. F. ROCKWELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Sint Louis, May 5, 1862.

Honorable THOMAS L. PRICE, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: I have ordered the release of Mr. Anderson and there restoration of the press, &amp;c., of the California [Mo.] News. This I have been induced to from a belief that he will hereafter pursue a different course in the publication of the paper. If I should be disappointed in that expectation I will not hesitate to supress the paper and imprison Mr. Anderson.

You state "that you read his paper every week and have never seen anything in it that would be considered sufficient to arrest or stop his paper. " I too have been a careful and attentive reader to his paper for sometime past and can only say that my opinions of loyal and disloyal articles will cause the rearrest of Mr. Anderon should he publish articles of a like import as those contained in his paper for several months past.

I have made the order permitting him to resume the publication of his paper not beceause I had acted upon incorrect information nor because the suppression of it was not proper, but because you represent him as a poor man of large family, and because I thought the lesson given him would be sufficient to convince him that I will not tolerate the publication of a sheet giving encouragement to the enemy and inciting opposition to the Government.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 6, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant and to inform you that instructions have been sent to

