
the commander of the U. S. ship Ino at Gibraltar to forward to this Department by the first opportunity offering the property which he is said to have taken from Mr. Tunstall, in order that it may be restored to him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

Nashville, May 6, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

I feel well assured that it is not by your authority that the Tennessee prisoenrs, Barrow, Harding and Guild, whom I desired should be sent tosomeplace of confinement, are permitted to go at large in Detroit and to receive the sympathy and attention of all persons with dicunion proclitivities and Government officers to act as their attendants. If this course is allowed and pursued in regard to Tennessee prisoners sent North while solarge a number of Tennesseans are confined in Southern dungeons for no offense save being for the Union it would be better to discharge these men and sent them back here.

The manner in which these prisoners have been treated by the Government has increased rather than diminished secession sentiments and on other hand has aroused the resenment of Union men, I hope the Secretary will have this at once corrected. There are other prisoners that should be sent but I await your answer.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 6, 1862.

Governor JOHNSON, Nashville:

The prisoners of state referred to in your dispatch have been ordered into close custody.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 6, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICERS, Detroit, Mich.:

It is reported that the prisoners of state arrested by Governor Johnson at Nashville and sent to Detroit are allowed to go at large in the city. This was not designed, and the evil must be corrested immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Monterey, Tenn., May 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I inclose herewith a communicaiton* from J. E. Wilkins, esq., Her Britannic Majesty's consul, with accompanying papers. I some time since appointed a commission to investigate cases of this description and of others who were forced or seduced under false pretenses into the Confederate of war. I think it would have a good effect to do so. I have exercised this discretion in Missouri with beneficial results. I propose to do the same to a very limited extent in Kentucky and Tennessee

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

