
if such a course meets your approval. I shall exercise the authority with great caution and release only when fully satisfied of the character of the party, adn shall required security for future good conduct.

Very respectfully, your obeient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP TAYLOT, Huntsville, Ala., May 6, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

No answer has been received to my request for authority to send two or three notorious rebels to a Northern prison. Judge Lane and Senator Clemens believe in necessary. Would it avail anything for General Clemens to appear in Washington as the representative of the citizens of Northern Alabama, his object being to learn unofficially in what way the existing controversy might be ended? He will come if you approve it. * * *

O. M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Columbus, May 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,Commissary-General of Prisoenrs, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: I am informed from the Adjutant-General's Office May 1, 1862, that -

Lieutenant Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army, has charge of the subject of clothing issued to prisoners of war in virtue of his office as commissary-general of prisoners.

I have on this island 499 non-commissioned, &amp;c., and 37 commissioned officers, prisoners of war. Many of the rank and file need clothing. I directed Colonels Avery and Olmstead to inquire into the necessity of their respective commands, one from North Caroline, the other from Pulaski, Ga. I send you inclosed their respective reports. Will you beable to come to the city and look into the matter personally for I think they much need some change of clothing? An early answer is requested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOOMOS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT COLUMBUS, Governor's Island, May 6, 1862.

Colonel LOOMIS.

SIR: In accordance with your suggestion I have examined into the condition of the prisoners of war from North Carolina confined in the castle. Of the 156 prisoners scarcely any of them have a change of apparel. If they are not speedily furnished with underclothes I feel satisfied that disease of a malignant character must ensue.

Respectfully.

C. M. AVERY,

Colonel Thirty-third Regiment North Carolina Troops.

