
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT COLUMBUS, May 6, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.

COLONEL: Understanding that I was to visit my men in the castle with a view to ascertaining their absolute wants I have the honor to report that I have made such a visit and find that in four of the companies of my late command many of the men are in need of certain articles of clothing. Some are almost barefooted, others want pants, others shirts, &amp;c. The Fifth Company (the Oglethorpe Light Infantry) is well provided for and is in want of nothing. If the Government will supply the above necessities Ican make a more specific report. In the meantime I await your instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. OLMSTEAD,

Colonel First Volunteer Regiment of Georgia, Prisoner of War.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, May 6, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed you will receive an extension of a parole to an officer of high rank at present in arrest at this post which is subject of course to your approval. This prisoner while here has always as far as I know been acquiescent to orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, May 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General STONE, U. S. Army.

SIR: Your parole given you on the 30th of March, 1862, at this post by me is hereby extended so as to allow you to be absent in the village of Fort Hamilton in company of an officer of this post until 11 p. m. at night, and at that hour you will be present at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

I hereby accept and subscribe to the conditions of the above extending of my parole.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 7, 1862.

BENJAMIN H. SMITH, Esq.,

U. S. District Attorney, Kanawha Court-House, Va.

* * * * *

SIR:

2. In all indictments for treason which you mean to try be pretty sure of the proof, for it is better to forego the charge than to be beaten at the trial.

