
3. Where you have the proof of both treason and of a vulgar felony generally prefer the latter, as easier of conviction and less liable to attract outward sympathy.

4. It is throught desirable for ulterior purposes to have indictments for treason or felony, or both, against distinguished offenders who though living indictments may be made available in certain political contingencies.

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 7, 1862.

Honorable JOHN J. CRITTENDEN, House of Representatives.

SIR: The Secretaryof War directsme to acknowledge the recept of your letter* of the 5th instant, and to state that the Department had not departed from the rule not to release rebel prisoners on parole or otherwise until arrangements shall be made for a general exchange. The cases of release reported to you by Honorable Robert Mallory are unknown to this Department.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,May 7, 1862.

General P. G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Confederate Forces at Corinth.

GENERAL: In accordance with the usages of war and in conformity to the schedule of exchanges of prisoners of war adopted by the United States Government I desire to exchange prisoners now in my hands for Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, Engineer Regiment, who was captured by your pickets a few days since. Colonel W. L. Elliott, U. S. Army, is the bearer of this communication and will with your assent make the necessary arrangements for the exchange.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 7, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledhe the receipt of your communication of this date proposing an exchange through which you desired to regain Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, Engineer Regiment, of your service. I shall be places to arrange on the basis adopted and published by Major-General McClellan for a general exchange of prisoners of war. Indeed some days ago Icommunicated my desire touching this matter to Major-General Halleck as I had previously done to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

