
you through Brigadier-General Villepigue, but to neither of which propositions have I as yet received any definite answer. Partial exchanges I cannot entertain at present, especially so long as my definite propositions for exchanges remain in effect unanswered.

Permit me to avail myself of the occasion to acquaint you that I have the paroles of some 268 officers, non-commissioned officers and privates of General Mitchel's division, of your army, captured a few days ago at Pulaski, Tenn. These persons I shall expect to be induced in any arrangements for exchanges made on this border.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD,]

General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, May 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Wasington, D. C.

SIR: Mr. T. T. Tunstall proposes for reasons expressed in the inclosed letter to substitute the usual parole of honor instead of the oath of allegiance.

Respectfully forwarded.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, May 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have just received your letter of instructions (in reference to my case) to Colonel J. Dimick, commanding officer at Fort warren. I learn in that letter that as a condition precedent to my release I am required to take the oath of allegiance. Although the condition is not at all repugnant to my political principles, well known and established, I hesitate to comply and have delayed doing so for many personal considerations that would embarrass my future social relations. you will please take into consideration that I am, an Alabamian, that all my family and intimate friendly relations are Southern, and having resided abroad (whiter I propose to return) I should be pleased to propose the inclosed parole as a substitute for the oath of allegiance. Satisfied and conscious that there can be no charges (save groudless ones) against me I leave to your most favorable consideration the subject of this correspondence.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

T. T. TUNSTALL,

Late U. S. Consul at Cadiz.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MAY 7, 1862.

I, T. T. Tunstall, native of Alabama and resident at Cadiz, Spain, do hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

T. T. TUNSTALL.

