
Confederate States offers to exchange prisoenrs; it only remains for your Government to accede to their proposition and save much needless suffering.

I shall always be most happy to do all in my power to mitigate the rigors of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 17, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston.

SIR: The communication of Lieutenant Colonel Harrison Ritchie of the 11th instant asking authority for the enlistment of a battalion to be stationed at Fort Warren in Boston Harbor has been received.

You are hereby authorized to raise a battalion of three or four companies of infantry to be sworn into service for three years or during the war, to be stationed at the fort above named as garrison and guard until required elsewhere by the War Department.

There will be no necessity for having a major sowrn in as Brevet Colonel Dimick, now at Fort Monroe, will be ordered to command at Fort Warren.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 17, 1861.

Colonel A. G. Browne, Jr.,

Military Secretary, &amp;c., Boston, Mass.:

Have just conferred with Governor Andrew. Colonel Dimick, U. S. Army, is ordered to command Fort Warren. You need not send a guard there till he arrives in Boston. The battalion of three or four companies will be accepted as a guard.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,October 19, 1861.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: Referring to my letter of the 15th instant I now have the honor to inclose you a copy of the answer* of the honorable Secretary of War to your letter of the 10th instant requesting the exchange of Lieutenant Worden for Lieutenant Sharp, C. S. Navy.

I shall be ready to meet any propositions you may make to complete the arrangements you propose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Omitted here; Benjamin to Huger, October 16, p. 729.

---------------

