HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., May 10, 1862.

Governor SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD, Iowa:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th* inclosed certain relative to persons who have been in the rebel service and have fled to Iowa to escape the punishment that awaits them in Missouri. I will gladly take any steps that may be necessary and practicable to rid the State of Iowa of these criminals against the laws of Missouri and the United States and bring them to the punishment they so richly deserve. To accomplish this object, however, the active co-operation of the civil authorities of Iowa will be necessary, and I have no doubt Your Excellency will willingly directsuch assistant as can be given by the local authorities. I presume it will not be necessary to send U. S. troops into Iowa for the purpose of arresting these men, as it can be done much more easily and certainly by the civil authorities of Iowa or of the United States in Iowa.

The men referred to are guilty of crimes more against the United States then against the State of Missouri, and it belongs rather to the civil than the military authorities to punish them for these crimes. If, however, a military force is necessary to secure their arrest it can be readily furnished from Missouri.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier General, Commanding U. S. and Missouri State Troops in Missouri.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 11, 1862.

Major General O. M. MITCHEL, Huntsville, Ala.:

Your former telegram was answered authorizing you to send distinguished rebel prisoners to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. General Wright in Florida has stopped the assassination of his sentinels by issuing orders to them to shoot without everything they saw approaching them at night. Summary delaing with guerrillas indispensable to enable you to maintain suchan extended line.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, May 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. Ould has come down with a flag of truce to the vicinity of Newport News where he was stopped by Admiral Lee. He came to ask Colonel Ludlow to send up to Richmond and receive 10,000 prisoner; 5,000 have arrived there and the other 5,000 will be there by the time the transports reach City Point.

Admiral Lee has sent me some Richmond papers, which I will send by the afternoon mail. They acknowledge 7,00 wounded, 900 killed and 1,200 missing. General Van Dorn is dead.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[MAY 12, 1862. - Fort General Canby's letter to Adjutant-General Thomas explaining why he had paroles all Confederate prisoners in New Mexico, see Series I, Vol. IX, P. 671.]

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

