
You will oblige me by indicating the point at which you desire to receive them.

Lieutenant-Colonel De Rosset, Third Regiment North Carolina Troops, will bear this communication to your lines.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major General, C. S. Army, Commanding Departmentof North Carolina.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 27. Camp on Corinth Road, Miss., May 15, 1862.

I. The provost-marshal-general will have the custody and control of all prisoners of war not disposed of by orders from these headquarters. He will prepare and keep accurate lists of those now in custody or who may hereafter be captured. All prisoners will be immediately reported to him.

II. Those prisoners in Missouri and at alton Prison who are not liable to be exchanged and who have not been guilty of effenses triable before a military commission may be released on oath and bond at the discretion of the provost-marshal-general. In all cases where the civil law can be administered by loyal courts he will deliver offenders to the civil authorities.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 15, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Monterey, Tenn.

SIR: I send herewith a list* of prisoners of war whose names are on the books of this office in order that they may be exchanged. It seems strange that they have not bee exchanged long since.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Inspector-General.

FORT MACKINAC, May 15, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit.

DEAR SIR: I have been placed in command of this post with my company, Stanton Guards, for the purpose of guarding this post and state prisoners of war. I received per orders of Colonel J. R. Smith, U. S. Army, Messrs. Barrow, Guild and Harding as prisoners of war. I would like some instructions in regard to the liberty, &amp;c., that I am to extend to them. Colonel C. A. Waite, U. S. Army, informs me that I amto receive my instructions from you.

Your obedient servant,

G. S. WORMER,

Captain, Commanding Stanton Guards.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

