
small extent of fencing. On the other hand it will cost to transport the number of prisoners named from Saint Louis about $2,000 andnot much less to get them back again. Provisions will cost about five cents more per ration than in any of the States south and east of Minnesota. Fuel is more expensive andmore will be required than in more southern States. Supplies of all kinds must be provided for the winter, that is from November tillMay, and during this period the prisoners must remain there even though circumstances should arise to make it necessary to bring them away. I would not therefore advise that prisoners be sent there while there are other pley may be properly secured. It would form an excellent hospital for the sick and wounded volunteers from Minnesota and the adjoining States. Fort Snelling is claimed as private property and there will doubtless be claims entered against the United States for the timeit is occupied.

Fort Howard, at Green Bay, will furnish quarters for about 1,500 prisoenrs, but they are generally in dilapidated condition and before they could be used would required considerable repairs. Most of the buildings need new shingling, and the timbers in many places are much rotted; the galleties in front and rear are inmany places just ready to fall down. To guard this number four companies would be necessary and for these barracks would have to be erected outside of the fort. If the guard is quartered inside three companies would be sufficient, but then less than a thousand prisoners could be provided for. There is a building outside now occupied by the military storekeeper and one formerly used as a hospital, both in good condition, which would furnish quarters for the surgeon and a hospital, and there is also outside a large three story store-house sixty feet by forty, in good condition. It will cost $2. 50 per man to transport prisoners from Chicago to Fort Howard, and they must remain there from November to April, with the disadvantage of furnishing supplies during that time at winter prices. It would not therfore seem advisable to send prisoners there while there are other places farther south where they can be held.

I visited also Camp Washburne at Miwaukee, though not instructed to do so, and found it a very suitable place for prisoners. The quarters heretofore occupied by a regimentwill accomodate 2,250 prisoners, and there are besides other buildings may be erected sufficient to quarter 1,500 to 2,000 more prisoners and no additional guard would be required. The camp is inclosed by a fence only high enough toaid sentinels in preventing the escape of prisoenrs. Transportation to this point can always be had by rail or by steam-boats; supplies must be about the same as at Chicago. The site is a very desirable one and I-don't think there is any place preferable for prisoners.

I have visited Camp Randall [Madison], Wis., also to which place prisoners have been sent by authority from General Halleck. The camp is not at all adapted to the purpose and I found things in a very unsatisfactory condition. There are about 1,200 prisoners guarded by the Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, which is badly armed, without discipline and scarcely to be relied upon. Lumber, straw and fuel sent to the camp by the quartermaster have been seized upon by the officers and used without authority and appropriated to such uses as they please; buildings have been torn down and the material appropriated

