
delivered to Colonel Pegram a receipt, a copy of which I inclose. Colonel P[egram] awaits the reply of General H[alleck] aoutside of our lines.

Respectfully,

JNO M. HARLAN,

Colonel Tenth Kentucky Regiment.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,On Outpost near Monterey, Tenn., May 16, 1862.

I hereby certify that I have received this day of Colonel John Pegram, C. S. Army, 113 prisoners of war this day released by General Beauregard on giving their parole not to take up arms against the Confederates State until regularly exchanged. Further, that I have received fromhima desriptive roll of these prisoners, a duplicate of which is retained in the possession of General Beauregard.

JNO M. HARLAN,

Colonel Tenth Kentucky Regiment.

FORT LAFAYETTE, May 16, 1862.

A. S. SULLIVAN, Esq.

DEAR SIR: With this I beg leave to call your attention to annexed copy of a letter I have addressed to the U. S. court. On March 27 last I wrote to you to endeavor to procure me another trial at the April term of the court in case the district attorney had not entered a nolle prosequi in my case. I cannot account for your apparent indifference to the matter. I would suppose that if you wished to decline having anything further to do withmy case that you would have notified me to that effect that I might have the benefit of other counsel. I learn that the U. s. district attorney informed you that if arrangements were made for my exchange he would then enter a nolle prosequi. Am I to spend my life inprisoner awaiting such a chance? And if no such arrangement should be made before the expiration of the war then at the pleasure of the U. S. attorney I am to be taken out and tried and the result may be that I may grace a scafford. I am particularly interested in the matter, and if the present term of the court should expire without my having the benefit of a trial or being released from the indictment you certainly must admbe owing solely to your indiferrence to my interests. In the case of the privateersmen confined in Philadelphia they were brought before the court an a writ of habeas corpus and asked whether they had any objection to being transferred to the military authorities. Upon their answer in the negative a nolle prosequi was entered. Four of them had previously been convicted of piracy and treason and oneof the four has since been released upon the oath of allegiance as you may have seen by the papers. Wherein does my case differ from that of other privateers?

Very respectfully, yours,

T. HARRISON BAKER.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, May 16, 1862.

Honorable JUDGE OF THE U. S. COURT, DISTRICT OF NEW YORK:

May it please your honors, in the month of July of last year I was indicted with the officers and crew of the C. S. privateer Savannah for piracy. At the October term of the U. S. court I was tried, and the

