
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 17, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you release Lieutenant Colonel J. F. White, of East Tennessee, confined as a prisoner of war at Fort

Warren, on condition of his reporting to the Rev. W. G. Brownlow. I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 54. Washington, May 17, 1862.

* * * * *

II. The commissary-general of prisoners and commanding officers having charge of prisoners of war will as soon as practicable forward to this office lists of the prisoners showing their rank, regiment, where captured, date of confinement and where confined. Similar lists will be furnished of new detachments as often as they may arrive at their several places of confinement.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, May 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Recently an alderman of Chicago having been refused permission to enter Camp Douglas attempted to hold conversation with prisoners through the fence, and on being ordered away used abusive languande to the officer of the guard which resulted in his being placed in confinement. The matter was brought before the city courts and the military authority was sustained. To avoid such collissions in future and the expense to officers of a defense in court I respectfully suggest if it can be legally done that martial law be declared for a space of 100 feet outside the fence all around the camp, and that pesons trespassing there in violation of orders be punished by short confinement or trial by court-martial at the discretion of the commanding officer. Without this restriction vicious persons may give the commanding officer much trouble and cause disorders in the camp. The same step may be found necessary at other camps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 30, 1862.

Referred to the Adjutant-General. Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman's suggestion is approved and an order will be issued accordingly.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

