
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, May 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith letters* from J. D. Lillard and James E. Stewart, citisens of Kentucky, who are held as prisoners of war at the depot at Sandusky, and a letter* from Oliver Britt, of Cincinnati, in behalf of his brother-in-law, Charles K. Snyder, of Kentucky, who is also a prisoner of war at the same place.

From the statements made in these letters it would seem that there may be sufficient reason for releasing them on their taking the oath of allegiance, and I respectfully suggest if they can furnish any evidence to corroborate their statements that I may be authorized to release them. In my letter of the 15th of March to the Quartermaster-General accompanying two letters of the character of these inclosed I suggested that there were probably other cases of prisoners who might with propriety be released on their taking the oath of allegiance, but the action on that letter left me on doubt whether more than the two named were to be released.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DETROIT, MICH., May 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a note addressed to me by Colonel Edmund C. Cook, Thirty-second Tennessee Regiment, a prisoner of war at Fort Warren, who is desirous of effecting an exchange with me. I have heretofore written to him that if he could obtain authority for the exchange I had little doubt I would be able to procure the approbation of the War Department. It will gratify me exceedingly if the exchange can be brought about, and I respectfully request if it meets your approbation you will permit Colonel Cook to proceed to Richmond for this purpose for twenty days, with the understanding that he is to return at the expiration of that period unless the exchange is made.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Infantry.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, Mass., May 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Eighth U. S. Infantry, Detroit, Mich.

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 2nd instant is truly gratifying to me. I know were I at Richmond I could instantly procure the consent of my Government to our exchange. The great events which seem at hand and the great amount of military business engaging the attention of our Secretary of War renders it less certain that I can procure our exchange by letter. However I have written to Secretary Randolph on the subject. You are entirely familiar with the great difference between the effect of action in person and by letter. Several colonels of your Army who are on parole have procured from Secretary Stanton a parole for officers of our Army from this fort and each instance the exchange

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

