
On the following morning I proceeded to Kelly's Island where I remained a day. This island is the largest of the group and is extensively cultivated in grapes, being occupied by about 100 families. There are only two locations on the island which seem adapted to the purpose. One is the northeast point embracing about sixty acres. A wall of a hundred yards in length would cut off forty acres of this, of which about thirty acres mostly covered with timber would answer pretty well for the depot. A norrow neck of land divides two tracts into two parts, and the neck being low is covered with water during the prelence of the northeast winds it is completely open, and during these storms as the sea breaks with great violence on the rocky shore the spray must cover a great part of the point. The soil is shallow on a bed of rock, and when the trees are thinned out to make room for the buildings the large trees remain would be very apt to be blown down by the high winds. I noticed many on the ground blown down in this way. This point is about three miles from the cultivated part of the island and is connected with the usual landing by an indifferent road. In moderate weather a vessel might lie at a dock on the northwest side of the point. The number of people on this island and the distance from the vineyards would afford some protection against depredations by the guard, assuming that the prisoners could be restricted to this point, but the chances are that trouble would grow out of the proximity of so great a temptation. This land can be obtained for $250 a year including the use of the woods as fuel. There is another tract on the southwest point of the island of thirty to forty acres very suitable, except that it would have to be inclosed on three sides. A greater difficulty is that it is adjoining large vineyards and a wine and brandy establishment which I fear would be too great a temptation to the guard to be overcome by any sense of right or fear of punisment. This ground caner acre.

The people who live on this island are very willing to do all in their power to serve the Government at this time even at some sacrifice to themselves but I would be very reluctant to advise them to receive even well-disciplined troops on their island with such powerful and convenient inducements before them to lead them astray. This island is twelve miles from Sandusky, and through there may be enough of the season left to give time for the erection of the buildings and getting out a supply of stores for the winter it is a very doubtful matter - barely possible. During the winter months the mail is carried over generally twice a week by a man much experienced in such matters who is most of the time obliged to use a boat which he hauls over the ice when it is strong enough and in which he crosses the open places.

I cannot therefore advise that an attempt be made to establish a depot on any one of the Put-in-Bay Islands this winter, and there are serious objections to their being occupied for this purpose at any time. Kelly's Island which may be considered one of the group is only four to five miles from the nearest British island, called the East Sister.

I examined also an island in Sandusky Bay opposite the city. It is two and three quarters miles from the city and on the other side it is a full mile from the mainland. It contains about 300 acres, one-half of which with the privilege of using the fallen timber as fuel can be leased for $500 a year with the entire control of the remainder of the island, so that no person would be permitted to land on it except by permission. There are some forty acres of cleared land affording a good

