
NASHVILLE, May 18, 1862.

Honorable HORACE MAYNARD,

Member of Congress, Washington;

Wood should be put in close confinement in some common jail; Captain Harris of bloodhound notoriety with him. Theys hould both be ried by a drumhead court-martial and hung at once. Morgan and his marauding gang should not be admitted within the rules of civilized warfare and that portion of his forces taken at Lebanon should not be held as prisoner of war. I hope you will call attention of Secretary Stanton to the fact of their being a mere band of freebooters.

All is moving on here as well as could possible be expected. I hope the Secretary of War will give the disposition of the prisoners from Tennessee to the Governor, secretary of state or such person as he may deem proper to indicate.

ADREW JOHNSON.

FORT MONROE, May 18, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The taking of Norfolk drove off Major-General Huger. I have not ascertained his whereabouts. I will send up a flag to Richmond to-day on the subject of exchanges. I sent Mr. Smith forward yesterday. He was from Fort Warren. The exchanges of prisoners of war have been interrupted by uncotrollable events-the advance of the Army of the Potomac, the taking of Norfolk, and the advance of the Navy vessels up James River, all which prevented the ordinary intercommunication by flags of truce.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp on Corinth Road, Miss., May 18, 1862.

Adjt. General N. B. BAKER, Clinton, Iowa.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th relation to exchange of prisoners of war is just received. Some 200 privates have been exchanged within the last day or two, and I understand from General Beauregard that he proposes to release more very soon on agreement that I will send him and equal number. He, however, declines to release any officers who are prisoners unless I will make the exchange general-that is, for all-which I have no authority to do. I shall continue to exchange whenever I can. It is now asertained that the number captured by the enemy at the battle of Pittsburg Landing was very small, most of those at first reported as missing being stragglers who have since joined their regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ALTON, ILL., May 18, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department Headquarters, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to transmit a list* of prisoners received, released, &amp;c., from the 1st to the 10th of May, 1862. The

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

