
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 20, 1862.

Honorable GALUSHA A. GROW,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of communication from Major General John A. Dix with regard to the compensation of a small police force retained by him. The amount according to the estimate of General Dix required to pay this force and for contingent expenses will be $10,080 for one year from the 20th of March last, and I recommend the appropriation by Congress of this sum for the purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., April 22, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: On surrendering the late police to the city of Baltimore I retained agreeably to your authority a small force the aggregate compensation of which is $790 per month. The usual practice has been to pay once a fortnight. The first month expired on the 20th instant and I am very desirous to have the payment made. There will be a contingent expenditure of about $50 per month for officer rent, fuel, stationary, &amp;c. Will you please advise me how the payment shall be made?

Respectfully asking your early attention to the subject, I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, May 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The marshal has called upon me this morning; shows me your order directing him to refer to the commissioners to determine on what condition certain prisoners are held. He says these prisoners are being brought up as prize witnesses and hen discharged by the prize commissioners. He is much embarrassed and ask me to advise you of the facts, and he awaits your order.

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioner.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 20, 1862.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York:

Judge Pierrepont has just inquired as to the disposition to be made of the captured crews of prizes. He has been telegraphed in reply that-

As the prisoners in question were captured by the Navy the Secretary of the Navy is the proper authority to determine their status and direct their disposal. The instructions to Marshal Murray were given under the impression that the prisoners were captured by gun-boats in the employ of the War Department.

You will consider you former instructions* on this point rescinded and the foregoing substituted therefor.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

