
FORT MONROE, May 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Prisoners of war are frequently arriving from General McClellan's army. We now have about thirty here. Where shall we send these and such as may arrive in future?

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 20, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding U. S. Forces.

GENERAL: I have been this day informed by Brigadier-General Villepigue, commanding the Confederate forces at Fort Pillow, that 200 exchanged prisoners were sent to him yesterday and that these prisoners had the small-pox amongst them. I have directed General Villepigue to return them fortwith. I presume that all this has been done without your knowledge, as your communication on the subject of the exchange of prisoners I regarded as an agreement on fair and equal terms. To send us prisoners afflicted with contagious diseases of a dangerous and deadly character is in my judgment violative of all ideas of fairness and justice as well as humanity. For all prisoners therefore surrendered by Confederate officers I shall insist, general, that they are entitled by every claim of fairness and justice to demand in exchange an equal number of prisoners in like condition of those sent back to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSSIPPI,Camp on Corinth Road, May 20, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &amp;c., Corinth.

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of this date. No prisoners of any kind have so far as I am aware been delivered to General Villepigue. The whole story is probably a fabrication. If you will inform me when and by whom such prisoners have been sent to General V. I will have the matter investigated. No person whomsoever has been authorized by me to send any prisoners to General Villepigue and I am very certain that none have been sent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE APPOMATTOX,Petersburg, Va., May 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I received your two letters of the 19th this morning. The list of officers you propose for exchange will be forwarded to the War Department and I have no doubt they will be willing to exchange these and all others as soon as the privateersmen are released. If you

