
will release upon parole the privateersmen and sendthem to me at City Point I will return you such number of the officers heretofore retained as hostages for them as would be their equivalent, according to the rates of exchange prescribed by the cartel between the United States and Great Britain in 1813- the captains of privateerms to rank as lieutenants of the navy and the mates of the privateersmen as master's mates. If you will have the rank and number of the privateersmen made out and their equivalent of officers now retained as hostages for them such officers will be released unconditionally and returned to you.

Any of the other hostages that may not be required for exchange for the privateers will be released upon parole to be exchanged for officers of equal rank of their equivalent according to the cartel* above alluded to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., May 20, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH DRAKE.

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Dix to state to you that he has forwarded to the Secretary of War both of your communications on the subject of you going South and that he has received no intelligence from Major-General Wool relating to it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

FISHKILL LANDING, May 20, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

MY DEAR SIR: Will you allow me to call your special attention to the case of Major Vogdes, now a prisoner at Richmond? He has long suffered the hardships and privations of close confinement and his health is now such as I understand from his family that he cannot live long unless speedily liberated by exchange or otherwise. I know you will do all that is possible in a case that is so urgent.

I am, dear si, very truly, yours,

CHARLES DAVIES.

N. B. - The major is in close confinement at Richmond.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL.

Saint Louis, May 20, 1862.

Major H. L. McCONNEL.

MAJOR: You will proceed to visit the various posts in this department and examine into the system and manner of the transaction of business in the officers of local provost-marshals; instruct and direct them in all such matters as may be necessary to conform their action

---------------

* See cartel of 1812-13 at p. 303 et seq.

---------------

