
down with his saber. I also saw Private John Rosert, of Company H, lying a little farther on in the road badly wounded in the legand heard him crying out not to shoot him any more. In spite of cries I distinctly saw one of the secessionists empty the whole contents of his revolver at him, shooting four or five miles. I have also seen them shooting at others of our wounded men, but cannot tell who they were. Sworn to and subscribed this 20th day of May, 1862.

Sergt. CONRAD SCHAUB.

JACOB WURGES.

ANDREAS LUDWIG.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of May, 1862.

G. VON DEUTSCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Missouri Cavalry, Judge-Advocate, Third Division, Army of the Southwest.

CAMP SEARCY LANDING, May 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Henry Neun, of Company H, Seventeenth Missouri Volunteers, being duly swron deposes and says: That he commanded said company on a foraging party which left camp on the morning of the 19th day of May; that while so engaged the company were attacked by cavalry forces of the enemy. The treatment which our men received at the hands of the enemy after being wounded was cruel and inhuman in the extreme. Men wounded and helplessly lying on the ground were shot down by the savages without mercy. In some instances the wounded men offered to suffer themselves to be taken prisoners but were nevertheless fired at again and again. I myself after being wounded in my arm, perfectly helpless and alone, the rest of the company being nearly arm, perfectly helpless and alone, the rest of the company being nearly [all] dead or wounded, was surreounded by fifteen or twenty of the so-called Texas Rangers and fired at until Company F of my regiment came to the rescue and drove the enemy off. I must declare that warfare like the one my company experienced yesterday I believed to belong among the impossibilities among civilized nations.

his

HENRY X NEUN.

mark.

The lieutenant being wounded and unable to write I hereby attest his mark.

G. VON DEUTSCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Judge-Advocate.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 153. Camp near Tunstall's Station, May 20, 1862.

* *

V. The quartermaster's department will immediately provide a prison ship in the vicinity of the White House for the reception of such prisoners as may be sent there. The guard will be taken from the six companies ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Ingalls as a depot guard.

* *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

