
inform you that orders have already been sent to forward at once all privateersmen to this place for exchange or parole. As soon as they arrive I will forward them to City Point, on James River, expecting to meet the hostages of the United States of exchange or parole at that point. You and myself can easily make proper exchanges agreeably to the cartel between the United States and Great Britain agreed upon in 1813. Please informme when it will be agreeable to receive the privateersmen and forward the hostages.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., May 21, 1862.

ALANSON CRANE, Esq.,

Postmaster, Old Point Comfort, Va.

SIR: The major-general commanding the department directs that all letters coming to the post-office addressed to persons in Norfolk and vicinity, excpet those belonging to the Army or Navy, shall be sent to these headquarters for examination before being forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., May 21, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Jefferson City, Mo.:

By direction of the general commanding I have the honor to say in reply to your favor of the 20th that owing to the fact that small-pox is prevailing to some extent in the Alton Prison it is deemed advisable not to send any more prisoners there at present and desires that you keep them at Jefferson City. * * *

Very respectfully,

--,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT, U. S. ARMY,

Indianapolis, Ind., May 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the business connected with the prisoners of war is in a prosperous condition. The new hospital is in operation, bake ovens are working well and a fund of $2,400 to May 1, 1862, has accumulated. A council of administration has been constituted at Camp Morton and taken charge of the disbursement of the funds. As I am not satisfied with this arrangement I would be glad to have you issue anorder giving me control of this found. There are various expeditures which should be paid from this sourcewhich will not be done unless directed by me. This will always be done after conferring with Colonel Owen and Lieutenant Palmer, post quartermaster. As it is these gentlemen have not had

