
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 22, 1862.

His Excellency EDWARD STANLY,

Governor of North Carolina, New York:

The prisoners, sixteen in number, were all kept in readiness yesterday at the Old Capitol for you to select such of them as you desire to accompany you. You did not call or send a list, hence nothing could be done. All the prisoners will be sent incharge of an officer to New York. They will leave this afternoon and arrive early in the morning with instructions to report at the office of Colonel D. D. Tomplkins, quartermaster, New York. Will you meet them there on their arrival about daylight? Such of the prisoners as you may select* will proceed with you and the rest will be sent to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: YOur communication of the 19th instant inclosing letters from J. D. Lillard and James E. Stewart, of Kentucky, prisoners of war at Sandusky, Ohio, asking to be released, and a letter from Oliver Britt, of Cincinnati, in behalf of his brother-in-law Charles K. Snyder, also a prisoner at the same place, has been received. In reply the Secretary of War directs me to say that the prisoners referred to cannot be released until arrangements for the exchange of prisoners are consummated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General W. R. MONTGOMERY,

Military Commander, &amp;c., Philadelphia, Pa.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that a discharge be given such prisoners of war belonging to the U. S. volunteers on parole as may desire it. The rules applicable topapers for pay and discharge of sick men will also apply to paroled men.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 22, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston Harbor:

Colonel R. F. Baldwin having been already exchanged please suggest without delay the name of a colonel who would probably have influence wnough to procure exchange for Colonel Corcoran. Reply by telegraph.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. IX, p. 393, Burnside to Stanton, May 28, for disposition of these prisoners.

---------------

