
The order will be sent in same form as in case of Colonel Baldwin. Meantime send the colonel to report to General Wool.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 22, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Commanding Fort Lafayette:

The Secretary of War directs that you send by sea to Fort Monroe all the privateersmen held as prisoners of war. Inform me by telegraph when they start. Send without delay to this office a list of the privateersmen with names and rank and a duplicate to General Wool.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Franklin, Va., May 22, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Dispatch received. I have at no time given any order intended directly or indirectly to authorize the arrest of the Catholic bishop at Wheeling and have ordered the provost-marshal at Wheeling to suspende immediately any proceedings relative thereto. No complaint has come to me from the Catholic bishop of Wheeling in relation to this matter nor any from of information.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Yesterday I sent a flag of truce with the following letter to General B. Huger, at Petersburg:

GENERAL: I have just received your commication on the subject of exchanging prisoners of war and I hasten to inform you that orders have been sent to forward at once all privateersmen to this place for exchange or parole. As soon as they arrive I will forward them to City Point, on James River, expecting to meet the hostages of the United States for exchange on parole at that point. You and myself can easily make proper exchanges agreeably to the cartel between the United States and Great Britain agreed upon in 1813. Please inform me when it will be agreeable to receive the privateersmen and forward the hostages. *

No news from Major-General McClellan to-day.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, Va, May 22, 1862.

Major General BENJ HUGER, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: On the 19th instant a boat was sent on shore at City Point from the U. S. steamer Wachuset with her medical officer, Assistant Surgeon

---------------

* See Huger's telegram to the Secretary of War May 22, p. 877.

---------------

