
Slocum, accompanied by others, to afford medical advice and furnish medicines to a sick female of the family of Captain Curtin, who had enlisted the sympathies of the captain of that ship by complaining that the could not procure either at the Point. Shortly after landing the party was attacked by I presume some men under your command, and the doctor together with Paymaster Stockwell, Engineer Baker, Lieutenant De Ford, of the Army, and five men of the boat's crew were taken prisoners as you of course are fully aware. Considering that the real object of the visit was one of mery and humanity toward one of your own subjects and not at all intendedof an offensive character it strikes me that I may with a hope of suces appeal to your well-known sense of delicacy and military propriety and ask you to liberate these prisoners, or in case they should have been sent to Richmond or elsewhere beyond your immediate jurisdiction to interpose in their behalf and obtain their liberation.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Flag-Officer, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

FARMINGTON, MISS., May 22, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON:

Most of the prisoners captured in our various skirmishes here are unwilling to be returned. What shall I do?

JNO POPE,

Flat Top, May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General H. MARSHALL, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: Your letter of yesterday sent by hand of Captain Jenkins, your aide, is received. The medical director of my division has a personal interview with General Williams on the subject of the treatment of sick and wounded who might fall into the hands of either army. Under these circumstances Doctor Holmes being an officer of my personal staff empoweredby general orders to use complete supervision of all matters pertaining to the hospitals, and his order to Chaplain Collier being signed officially by my order, I respectfully submit whether your critisms upon the formality of the procedure are altogether valid.

In every matter of courtesy I assure you that I desire to manifest every mark of respect than can be wished and to conduct all communications in a true military spirit. The present occasion makes it proper for me to say that I received from the Confederate Army in this region last season several flags of truce far more informal than that conveyed by Chaplain Collier. Certainly nothing can be farther from my intention than to offer the slightest personal discourtesy to an honorable opponent.

I am sorry to have to say that your expressed purpose of treating our wounded in the hospital at Princeton does not seem to have been carried into effect by your subordinates. A large supply of medicine, bandages, lint, &c., left with them have been taken away as I am informed and no adequate provision has been made of their supply of food, &c. Your assurance that the surgeons and attendants should be

