
regarded as at liberty to return with their personal property to our lines when their duties there shall cease is in accordance with a humane policy which I have pledged myself fully to reciprocate.

I will communicate with the proper authorities in regard to exchanges and shall be very willing to do all in my power to further a liberal course in that respect.

As I believe their comfort and chance of improvement will be greatly increased if our sick and wounded my have the care and nursing of their own friends I suggest that they be removed within our lines upon such parole or obligation as you may be willing to have extended to yours in like cases. My wish will always be to alleviate as far as may be the miseries of those who suffer casualties on either side, and it is this spirit alone which prompts the suggestion.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,May 22, 1862.

To the SUPERINTENDENT OF OLD CAPITOL PRISON.

SIR: I am infomred by one of my staff officers that the prisoners in your charge are in the habit of insulting the sentinels and others passing by. they insulted him from their windows. You will forthwith put a stop to this. If you can identify the guilty party you will atonce put him in irons and on bread and water. If you cannot identify him and the inmates of the room refuse to aid you in this you will close up the windoes of the room with boards, andif this does not put a stop to the evil you will put all the inamtes of the room in irons and on bread and water.

No prisoner should be allowed to speak to any one outside or so as to be heard by any one outside.

You will arrest any parties who make signals of any kind to the prisoners and send them to the Central Guard-House. You will execute this order without respect of persons, whether men or women.

[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General.

U. S. FLAG-STEAMER BENTON,

Off Fort Pillow, May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis.

GENERAL: I have the honor to tranmit to you copies of a correspondence between General Villepigue and myself in relation of some of the prisoners recently passed through his lines by your order. The subject may possbile be revived hereafter when it will be convenient for youf to know the manner in which it has been treated. Atpresent it possesses no importance.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

C. H. DAVIS,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Western Fotilla, Mississippi River.

