
would be exposing the three persons upon whomthe disease has actually broken out to unnecessary risk and exposure to again remove them I will decline doing so.

I am, commodore, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. VILLEPIGUE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have just received your telegram of the 21st and forward herewith a list of all the privateersmen at this station, and have required transportation of them of the assistant quartermaster at Boston. I have five prisoners taken on board merchant vessels attempting to run the blockade. I know it was the intention of the Government to send these men across the lines for I forwarded several months ago their names to the honorable Secretary of the Navy for this purpose. They were ordered to be released by telegramfrom your office dated 21st February, but declined giving the usual pledge unless they could be sent South alleging that they had rather remain prisoners than be released to starve. The commissioners again ordered their release on the 7th instant. I would therefore respectfully request an order to send these men-viz, J. A. Douglass, Elijah Sibern, J. F. Newton, S. F. Newton and r. S. Grissons-to Fort Monroe to be sent within the Confederate lines with the priveteersmen.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

List of prisoners captured from the privateer Beauregard and received at Fort Warren March 23, 1862:

G. Hay, captain; L. T. Swan, first lieutenant; J. H. Stewart, second lieutenant; A. Sulley, purser; J. B. Davis, O. Rowse, W. Dangler, P. Perry, J. McGivern, John Burns, John Conway, Daniel Culle, H. F. Randolph, W. Boyd, C. Butcher, J. Cameron, T. McBurney, M. Kenny, A. Jackson, G. Valentine, H. Maylan, W. Perkins, R. C. Busey, H. Pahlon, R. Robinson, F. Franka and John Somer, seamen.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, May 22, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In reply to a letter from Asst. Adjt. General C. P. Buckingham dated War Department, 14th of May, inquiring if I wanted all my force to guard the prisoners, I reply that I do require all my force to make this island a safe place to keep prisoners. Innumerable small fishing boats hover around all parts of the island this season of the year; a few strokes of the oar bring them to touch the shore and in a moment

