
they are off again at their business. It therefore requires a large guard and sentinels all around the island to prevent prisoners escaping by these boats.

I forwarded yesterday serious charges against Captain Pierce, of my command, which could be substantiated by undoubted testimony. These charges were withheld at his earnest solicitation when I forwarded his resignation, but his misrepresentations of the volunteer officers of this command made it necessary in justice to them that I should forward them to the Adjutant-General.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Columbus, May 22, 1862.

Honorable DAVIS TOD, Governor of Ohio.

DEAR SIR: Will you please direct that all officers, prisoners of war, at Camp Chase and those on parole in this city be sent to the depot at Sandusky with as little delay as practicable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Columbus, May 22, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: Some fifty officers, prisoners of war, will be sent to the depot from Camp Chase on Saturday. Some of them have been on parole in this city but on arriving at the depot those paroles will be withdrawn. Be prepared to send back with the guard on Saturday evening the enlisted men and citizens who are now among the prisoners at the depot. If there are any enlisted men who are particularly useful you may permit them to remain. Any who are too sick to travel will of course remain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., May 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: In reply to communications of certain prisoners touching the insufficiency of food allowed to prisoners at the Fifth Street Military Prison I have the honor to report for the information of the commanding general that I have thoroughly investigated the matter with the following result:

The prisoners receive two meals per day. The arrangements for cooking at this prison are not such as to admit of any more. The full army ration is issued and cooked each day of the prisoners. In the

