
morning they receive coffee, fresh meat or bacon, as the case may be, and bread. There is always an abundance of coffee-as much as they want-and bread more than they can eat. Large pieces are gathered daily thrown aside by the prisoners. The second meal is made up of the balance of the ration of meat, fresh and salt, soup, beans and rice or peas and hominy-two kinds each day-with the balanceof the bread ration. There is no single article of which there is not a large wate daily unless it beof fresh beef. Coffee is given tothose claiming to be unwell or requiring it in the evening. Mr. Bishop, the keeper, a very trustworthy man, informs methat he never before had the least complaint from any prisoner. I have myself been frequently informed by prisoners that there was an abundance of everything. Mr. W. C. Bovee bore similar testimony since his release. Captain William F. Wells, formerly aide to General price, Edward N. Wilson, Joseph P. Hussey, Z. W. Wood, Patrick Murphy, John T. Elzea, Samuel Weinger, F. Browning, William Coffman, William Wilson, Daniel Emerson, Robert J. Heath, James Teel, John M. Kerney, James H. Howard and J. W. Gregg, and prisoners confined in the prison, testify that they are confident that all prisoners confined in the prison, testify that they are confident that all prisoners have a sufficiency of good food and full army rations. Most of these were asked to sign the paper representing otherwise but refused. David O'Neil, who signed the paper, testifies that its statements are untrue, and that he signed it without knowing what it was. I am clearly satisfied that the paper subscribed by the prisoners was dictated by a restless, fault-finding spirit and not by any real grivance. That the full rations are cooked, distributed to the prisoners, and large quantities of fragments daily gathered up there is not a particle of doubt. If it were possible to give them three meals a day it would perhaps be better, but that is impracticable, unless more extensive cooking arrangements are provided.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. LEIGHTON,

Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Forces near Corinth.

GENERAL: I herewith inclose a dispatch this moment received from Brigadier-General Villepigue, commanding Confederate forces at FortPillow, showing that the statement of the exchanged prisoners sent to that point, concerning which I informed you on the 2nd instant, is not a "fabrication. "

Be good enough, general, to send the necessary orders to your officers to receive these prisoners and provide for their wants as justice and civilization require.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD.]

[Inclosure.]

FORT PILLOW, May 22, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD:

The transaction is no myth, but from what the prisoners say looks very much like an attempt to communicate the small-pox to my command. They were taken at Peac Ridge and are just from an infected

