
aforesaid, in Camp Randall, near Madison, in the county of Dane and State of Wisconsin.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Done at Camp Randall this 22nd of May, A. D. 1862.

A. E. BOVAY,

Major and President of the Court.

J. A. CHANDLER,

Captain.

WM. M. BATES,

Captain.

A. P. ELLINWOOD,

Second Lieutenant and Recorder of the Court.

MADISON, May 23, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I inclose the papers* relating to a homicide at Camp Randall. The date of the order shows considerable delay, which I was unable to obviate entirely. I have not seen the testimony, but I understand that none of the prisoners who were present were examined. I shall tell Colonel Sanders to send the testimony to you.

There are two prisoners here who claim to have taken the oath to the United States from Colonel Buford and were merely boat hands on the river. Their names are Charles Grosse and Michael Finn. Can. anything be done concerning them by means of affidavits? The condition of the camppriving, though there is an extrordinary delay in fulfilling promises to execute orders. I have purchased 1,000 combs, 500 towels (very cheap from the State) and about $22 worth of tobacco from the savings of the general rations. The number of dead up to last evening was ninety-four.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. SMITH,

Major Twelfth Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE APPOMATTOX,Petersburg, Va., May 23, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

GENERAL: I have detained your boat until to-day expecting an answer from Richmond as to the time when the prisoners to be exchanged for the privateersmen could reach here. I have not yet received an answer, and I am not aware of the location of theseofficers or when they could reach here, but I can assure you I consider the War Department have fully agreed to the terms stated in my letter of the 3rd instant to you and which have been accepted by yourself. I must be responsible that on the delivery of all the privateersmen all the officers retained as hostages will be released upon parole, the details of the exchanges to be arranged between us according to the cartel referred to, and such of the officers as are not exchanged in this way to remain on parole until exchanged for others. If not interrupted by movements

---------------

*Omitted; Sanders to Hoffman, May 23, p. 578.

---------------

