
in the field I will promise to have the officers forwarded as soon as possible, and will send notice to any of your vessels and request you may be notifiedto send for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF EASTERN KENTUCKY,May 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General COX, Commanding on Kanawha, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I have the pleasure to acknowledge your letter of yesterday. I was susprised certainly at the character of the information conveyed to you touching the treatment of your wounded for I had visited them myself and inquired of themselves how they were provided for and those who could speak Engligh replied that they were well provided for. Personally I gave direction as to their supplies and was informed that regular issues were made for the use. I inclose a note of reply from the senior surgeon of this army, whom I called to account because of your statement.

I have appointed Lieutenant-Colonel Leigh with powers to meet Lieutenant-Colonel Hines and hope affairs may be arranged satisfactorily to both of us.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MAY 23, 1862.

Brigadier General H. MARSHALL.

SIR: Your note of this morning is before me making inquiries how I had provided for your prisoners left at Prnceton, &c.

Under your order I left with the surgeons (of the enemy) medicines enough for all their purposes, taking none of their surgical instruments and none of their bandages and lint, but upon an examination of stock of dressings on hand I thought their supply was too small and left with the steward of the hospital all the lint and bandagers I had on the field. We had nothing but bacon and flour in the way of provisions and I think I left a sufficient amount to subserve their purposes.

Very respectfully, your humble servant,

BASIL C. DUKE,

Surgeon and Chief Medical Dept., Army of Eastern Kentucky.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HEADQUARTERS, &C., May 23, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel HINES.

SIR: I have the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your note and have empowered Lieutenant Colonel William Leigh, of this army, to meet you and to arrange a convention with you convering the subject-matters on which you are authorized by Brigadier-General Cox to confer with my officer. Any result you and Lieutenant-Colonel Leigh may reach within your powers will be ratified by me.

