
then and there being a mariner and one of the ship's company of the said schooner called the Enchantress, piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault, and them did then and there, in and on board of the said schooner called the Enchantress upon the high seas aforesaid out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and violently put in bodily fear and danger of their lives; and the said schooner called the Enchantress and the tackle, apparel and furniture thereof of the value of $3,000, together with 75 sacks of corn, 100 barrels of mackerel, 170 grindstones, 50 boxes of candles, 23,000 feet of white pine boards, 200 covered hams, 30 tierces of lard, 50 barrels of clear pork, 200 quarter boxes of soap, 240 half boxes of candles and one package of galssware of the value of $10,000, of the goods, chattels and personal property of certain persons whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, the said last-mentioned goods, chattels and merchandise being then and there in and on board of the said schooner called the Enchantress and being then and there the lading thereof, and the said schooner called the Enchantress, and the tackle, apparel and furnisture thereof, and the said goods, chattels and personal property in an on board of said schooner called the Enchantress then and there upon the high seas aforesaid out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, being under the care and custody and in the possession of the said John Devereux, Charles W. Page, John Devereux, Jr., Antoine, a Portuguese, Peter, a German, and Jacob Garrick and Joseph Taylor, the said William Smith, from the case custody, and possession of the said John Devereux, Charles W. Page, John Devereux, Jr., Joseph Taylor, Antoine, a Portuguese, Peter, a German, and Jacob Garrick then and there, to wit, upon the high seas aforesaid out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and by force and violence and against the will of the mariners aforesaid did steal, seize, rob, take and run away with against the form of the statute of the said United States of America in such case made and provided and against the peace and dignity of the United States.

And the inquest aforesaid inquiring as aforesaid upon their respective oaths and affirmations aforesaid do further present that the said William Smith, on the 6th day of July, in the year of our Lord 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of the said United States of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, did with force and arms piratically, feloniously and violently set upon, board, break and enter a certain American vessel, to wit, a schooner called the Enchantress, the same being then and there owned in part by Benjamin Davis, Jr., Richard Plummer, John T. Page, Exekiel Evans, J. B. Creasy, J. W. Creasy and E. M. Read, then citizens of ttates of America, and did then and there in and on board of the said schooner called the Entranchess in and upon one John Devereux, then and there being a mariner and one of the ship's company of the said schooner called the Enchantress, and master and commander thereof, and in and upon divers other persons whose names are to the jurors aforesaid unknown, piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault, and them did then and there in and on board of the said schooner called the Enchantress upon the high seas aforesaid out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and violent put in bodily fear and danger of their lives; and the said schooner called the Enchantress and the tackle, apparel and furniture thereof of the value of $3,000, of the goods, chattels and personal property of Benjamin Davis, Jr., Richard Plummer, John T. Page, Ezekiel Evans, J. B. Creasy, J. W. Creasy and E. M. Creasy and E. M. Read, citizens of the United States of America, and 75 sacks of corn, 100 barrels of mackerel, 170 grindstones, 50 boxes of candless, 23,000 feet of white pine boards, 200 covered hams, 30 tierces of lard, 50 barrels of clear pork, 200 quarter boxes of soap and package of glassware of the value of $5,000, of the goods, chattels and personal property of William H. Greely, the said last-mentioned goods, chattels and merchandise being then and there onboard of the said schooner called the Enchantress and being then and there the landing thereof, and the lading of the said schooner then and there uponthe high seas aforesaid out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, being under the care and custody and in possession of the said John Devereux and the said divers other persons, marines as aforesaid whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, the said William Smith from the care, custody and possession of the said Joh Devereux and the said divers other persons, marines as aforesaid, whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, then and there upon the high seas aforesaid out of the jurisdiction of any particular States and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and by force and violence and against the will of the said John Devereux and the saud divers other persons, mariners as aforesaid, whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, did steal, seize, rob, take and run away with against the form of the statute of the said United States of America in such case made and provided and against the peace and dignity of the United States.

