
Colonel Hanson, Captain Robertson and Lieutenant Whitaker go with the flag with the hope and expectation of getting exchanged. If they do not accomplish the object of their wishes they will be brought back to Fort Monroe. They will be permitted to communicate by writing with Major-General Huger and you will transmit their letters with our dispatches.

In conclusion you will wait a reasonable time for the accomplishment of all the objects of the flag.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., May 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Several persons have been released from a arrest on condition that they will not go into the Confederate States. Does this obligation bind them not to go to places within those States where the authority of the United States is established-New Orleans for instance? In other words when commercial intercourse is renewed by the authority of the Government may they not go there for the transaction of their ordinary business?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT WARREN, May 25, 1862.

Honorable W. S. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I beg respectfully to state that I have just been informed by Colonel Dimick that I am to be committed to Fort Lafayette as a prisoner of state. I will not enter into a statement of my case as you have already received it through an officer of the State Department sent to Boston for that purpose, and through Mr. Justice Wayne as he has so informed me. Your arguments used in your dispatches in the Trent affair conceded the surrender of Messrs. Mason and Slidell upon the grounds of a well-established American principle and respected the neutrality of a foreign ship. My capture was upon neutral territory and seems to me and the world a more flagrant act of injustice and illegality, and I beg respectfully to ask why I am still retained as a prisoner and why if I am so detained, it is not as a prisoner of war?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY MYERS.

GENERAL ORDER, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 8. Saint Louis, Mo., May 25, 1862.

All prisoners now in custody or who may hereafter be captured in this district will be immediately reported by the officers having them in charge to the provost-marshal-general and they will be held subject to his orders.

General Orders, Numbers 6, from these headquarters, dated April 22, 1862, so far as relates to prisoners, military prisonsand prison hospitals is hereby revoked.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

FRANK J. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

