
of the Secretary of War to be executed by Major-General Dix conditioned on that event.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Farmington, May 26, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

In accordance with instructions from Major-General Halleck, commanding this department, I send into your lines one brigade surgeon, four regimental surgeons and two assistant surgeons. A list* of them is herewith inclosed.

In answer to inquiries from Colonel Jordan, of your staff, it gives

me pleasure to inform you that Captain Cameron, of your army, who was captured near this place on the 3rd of May is not wounded and is now a prisoner in my hands. I shall be glad to exchange him for Captain McMichael, assistant adjutant-general, who was captured by your forces at Shiloh.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., May 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the findings* of a court of inquiry held at Camp Randall, Wis., to investiage the facts connected with the shooting of a prisoner by a sentinel. Whether the ourt was legally ordered or the proceedings properly conducted I am not able to say, as the findings only have been sent to me. From what I saw at the camp and from the findings of the court I should judge that the occurrence must be attributed in great part to a want of discipline in the camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., May 26, 1862.

Captain G. S. WORMER, Commanding Fort Mackinac, Mich.

CAPTAIN: I think it advisable to add some further instructions to those given in my letter of the 24th instant. You should in the first place put your company in a perfect state of instruction and discipline by at least two-better three-drills a day, and by a close observe of all the garrison duties laid down in the Army Regulations. The duties prescribed for guards should be particularly observed and in every detail the Regulations should be as clearly adhered to as possible. From guard mounting until sunset the prisoners under your charge may have the limits of the interior of the fort, but during the remainder of the day (twenty-four hours) they must be confined to their quarters under

---------------

*Omitted.

+Omitted here; Sanders to Hoffman, May 23, p. 578.

---------------

