
surveillance of the guard, with such as to insure their safety. Until arrangements are perfected for their messing in their own quarters you will make such provisions for them as may be convenient consistent with their safety. When cooking untensils are furnished on the estimates already forwarded you may permit them to hire a man to cook for them who must give satisfactory evidence of his loaylty. Direct your quartermaster to purchase such cheap table furniture as may be absolutely necessary for their use. Permit them to purchase for themselves what articles for the table or furniture they please, but not liquors of any kind. While the prisoners are granted the freedom of the fort during the day they must be on their parole of honor not to attempt to escape nor to violate any rule you may prescribe for them. Withhold from them privileges of all kinds unless your orders are strictly complied with. Report to me by letter twice a month, on the 15th and the last day, the state of things at your post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., May 26, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of Virginia, Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that having been informed officially that Major-General Dix had not received Major-General Wool's notice of his readiness to send me to Norfolk upon my arrival at Fort Monroe I have this day forwarded the headquarters of Middle Department a copy of your letter to me of the 5th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DRAKE,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers.

BOSTON, May 27, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Can you inform me anything as regards the exchange of Captain Henry Bowman, Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers? If exchanged I could appoint him major of a new regiment.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

WASHINGTON, May 27, 1862.

Governo ANDREW, Boston:

I have no information of the exchange of Captain Henry Bowman.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FORT HAMILTON, May 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Third Artillery.

COLONEL: I wish at this time when large bodies of national troops are again being assembled to renew my application for suspension of arrest and opportunity of service. I will be obliged if this can be communicated to Washington by telegraph at my expense.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

