
of the treatment of the prisoners taken on the Savannah that I have been compelled to withdraw these indulgences and to hold the prisoners taken by us in strict confinement.

A just regard to humanity and to the honor of this Government now requires me to state explicity that painful as will be the necessity this Government will deal out to the prisoners held by it the same treatment and the same fate as shall be experienced by those captured in the Savannah; and if driven to the terrible necessity of retaliation by your execution of any of the officers or crew of the Savannah that retaliation will be extended so far as shall be requisite to secure the abandonment by you of a practice unknown to the warfare of civilized man and so barbarous as to disgrace the nation which shall be guilty of inaugurating it.

With his view and because it may not have reached you I now renew the proposition made to the commander of the blockading squadron to exchange for the prisoners taken on the Savannah an equal number of those now held by us according to rank. *

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy

of the Confederate States of America.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives July 8, 1861.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to instruct the officers of the Army of the United States taking prisoners and releasing them upon their oath of allegiance to the United States to report their name and residence to him that they may be recorded in his Department.

FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, July 10, 1861.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Forces at Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Contrary to all expectations, considering the courtesy with which I have always received flags of truce and communications from yourself, after having written you and which letter I am forced to believe reached its destination, the flag of truce which I ordered to proced to Craney Island, or father if permitted, to bring away Miss Segar was received with such hostile demonstrations as makes it imperative upon me to ask of you whether such reception as this flag of truce met with on Saturday, July 6, is to be continued, or is it the notice that you will allow no more communications?

That there may be no misunderstanding I ask the above questions, and to convince you of their propriety I inclose for your perusal a copy of the report made to me by the officer, Commander A. Ludlow Case, U. S. N., who by my order commanded the flag of truce and carried the note which I had the honor to write you.

I am again applied to this morning to send a flag of truce to be used for the accommodation of persons who want to go to Norfolk, residents of North Carolina, and I am forced to tell them the dangers we all run

---------------

* Not answer to this letter found.

---------------

