
And the inquest aforesaid inquiring as aforesaid upon their respective oaths and affirmations aforesaid do further present that the said William Smith, on the 6th day of July, in the year of our Lord 1861, on the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular States, within the admirably and maritime jurisdiction of the said United States of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, did with force and arms piratically, feloniously and violently set upon, board, break and enter a certain schooner called the Enchantress, the same being then and there owned by certain persons, citizens of the United States of America, to wit, Bejmain Davis, Jr., Richard Plummer, John T. Page, Exekiel Evans, J. B. Creasy, nd E M. Read, and did then and there in and upon certain divers persons whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, the said last-mentioned persons each being then and there a mariner and of the ship's company of the said schooner called the Enchantress, piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault and them did then and there in and on board of the said schooner called the Enchantress upon the high seas aforesaid, without the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and violently put in bodily fear and danger of their lives; and the said schooner called the Enchantress and the tackle, apparel and furniture thereof of the value of $3,000, of the goods, chattels and personal property of the said Benjamin Davis, Jr., Richard Plummer, John T. Page, Ezekiel Evans, J. B. Creasy, J. W. Creasy and E. M. Read, and 100 barrels of mackerel, 170 grindstones and 23,000 feet of white pine boards of the value of $5,000, of the goods, chattels and personal property of William H. Greely, from the said divers persons, mariners as aforesaid, whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, in their presence and against their will then and there upon the high seas aforesaid out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and violently take, seize, rob, steal and carry away against the form of the statute of the said United States of America in such case made and provided and against the peace and dignity of the said United States.

And the inquest aforesaid inquiring as aforesaid upon their respective oaths and affirmations aforesaid do further present that the said William Smith, on the 6th day of July, in the year of our Lord, 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State, within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the said United States of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, did with force and arms piratically, feloniously and violently set upon, board, break and enter a certain vessel, to wit, a schooner called the Enchantress, the same bere owned by certain persons, citizens of the United States of America, to wit, to Benjamin Davis, Jr., Richard Plummer, John T. Page, Ezekiel Evans, J. B. Creasy, J. W. Creasy and E. M. Read, and did then and there in and upon certain divers persons whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, the said last-mentioned persons each being then and there a mariner and of the ship's company of the said schooner called the Enchantress, piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault and them did then and there in and on board of the said schooner called the Enchantress upon the high seas aforesaid, without the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and violently put in bodily fear and danger of their lives; and the said schooner called the Enchantress and the tackle, apparel and furniture thereof, of the value of $3,000, of the goods, chattels and personal property of the said Benjamin Davis, Jr., Richard Plummer, John T. Page, Ezekiel Evans, J. B. Creasy, J. W. Creasy and E. M. Read, and 100 barrels of mackerel, 170 grindstones and 23,000 feet of white pine boards of the value of $5,000, of the goods, chattles and personal property of William H. Greeley, from the said divers persons, mariners as aforesaid, whose names are to the inquest aforesaid unknown, in their presence and against their will ten and there upon the high seas aforesaid, out of the jurisdiction of any particular State and within the jurisdiction of this court, piratically, feloniously and violently take, seize, rob, steal and carry away against the form of the statute of the said United States of said United States.

And the inquest aforesaid inquiring as aforesaid upon their respective oaths and affirmations aforesaid do further present that the said William Smith, on the 6th day of July, in the year of our Lord 1861, upon the high seas out of the jurisdiction of any particular State, within the admirably and maritime jurisdictionof the said United States of America and within the jurisdiction of this court, did with force and arms piratically, feloniously and violently set upon, board, break and enter a certain vessel, to wit, a schooner called the Enchantress, and in and upon one John Devereux, then and there being in and on board of the said schoonehantress and being a mariner and master and commander of the said schooner called the Enchantress, and the said John Devereux, then and there being a citizen of the said United States of America, did then and there piratically, feloniously and violently make an assault and him, the said John devereux, did then and there upon the

