
DETROIT, May 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I will call on the Governors of Ohio, Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin for volunteers to guard rebel prisoners in place of those ordered to the field.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

U. S. STEAMER BALLOON, May 27, 1862.

W. W. MORRIS, U. S. Army, Colonel, Commanding Post.

SIR: You will receive the Honorable Judge R. B. Carmichael, I. C. Powell (district attorney), Elixus Pascall and William Nabb, citizens of Talbot County, Md., arrested by order of Major-General Dix, commanding Middle Department. The charges will be sent in the morning.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. L. McPHAIL,

Deputy Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 27, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding U. S. Army of the Mississippi, Farmington, Miss.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknolwedge the receipt of your communication of the 26th instant advising me that you had sent into my lines 1 brigade surgeon, 4 regimental surgeons, and 2 assistant surgeons. The following exchange of surgeons is approved by me and the parties respectively relieved fromtheri arrest and parole: Surgeon Moody, Twenty-third Mississippi, for Surgeon Lewis, Second Wisconsin Volunteers; Asst. Surg. Rawlings Young, First Arkansas Volunteers, for Asst. Surg. D. T. Whitnell, Thirty-first Illinois Volunteers, delivered on parole on U. S. steamer Benton on the 9th day of May, 1862. Surgs. J. L. Alston, Seventh Texas Volunteers, and R. W. Mitchell, Thirteenth Tennessee Volunteers, and Asst. Surg. G. W. Gwin, Twenty-second Tennesee, were when taken prisoners by your forces engaged in the discharge of their duties at the field hospital of the First Corps of this army. By an agreement duly entered into on the 10th of April, 1862, and approved by the authorities of the two armies it was stipulated that the respective surgeons and attendants of both armies at that hospital should be respected and not held as prisoners of war. Under this convention I respectfully submit that the three surgeons above named are not to be treated as prisoners of war and subjects of exchange. Surg. C. B. Gamble, Florida, was exchanged for Surgeon Thrall, of the Twenty-seventh Ohio, and was delivered on the 13th of May, 1862. I avail myself of the occasion to inform you that I have directed all surgeons and privates taken by the Confederate forces at Shiloh to be released and returned to you. I willwith pleasure accept your offer to exchange Captain McMichael, assistant adjutant-general, for Captain Cameron. Captain McMichael is at present at some interior point, and will be sent to your lines by the nearest practicable road as soon as orers to that effect can reach him. I request that in

