
the meantime you will send into my lines Captain Cameron, who will remain on parole until Captain McMichael has been released and sent to you.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE APPOMATTOX,Chesterfield County, May 27, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

GENERAL: I have received your letters of 25th instant. In my letter of May 3 I state the terms on which I am authorized to exchange officers heretofore held as hostages for the privateersmen and say:

As soon as these men are exchanged any other officers that have been held by us as hostages will be exchanged as usual.

In my letter of May 20 I state:

If you will have the rank and number of privateersmen made out and their equivalent of officers now retained as hostages for them such officers will be released unconditionally and returned to you. Any of the other hostages who may not be required for exchange of privateers will be released on parole to be exchanged for officers of equal rank or their equivalent according to the cartel above alluded to.

In my letter of the 23rd I stat the same thing. In yours of the 25th you state you send Colonel Hanson in exchange for Colonel Corcoran but you do not send the privateers.

I regret I cannot to the exchange of any of the hostages until the privateersmen are delivered, when all will be exchanged or released on parole to be exchanged. The hostages are some distance in the interior, but can be sent ; you on a few days' notice. If you will name a day for the arrival of the privateers I will have your officers sent for to meet them.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, May 28, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

My flag of truce has just returned from Petersburg with Colonel Hanson, Captain Robertson and Lieutenant Whitaker, all of whom I sent up for exchange, the first to be exchanged for Colonel Corcoran.

Major-General Huger refuses to make any exchanges until the exchange of the privateersmen. He says he regrets he cannot agree to the exchange of any of the hostages until the privateersmen are delivered, when all will be exchanged or released on parole to be exchanged. Can you inform me whether the privateersmen have left New York for this place? If so when is it probable they will be here? The hostages and privateersmen will be exchanged simultaneously at City Point.

This appears to be the only condition on which Major-General will make any exchanges. Answer at once if convenient.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

