
of July, it being the heat of summer, will hardly dare to take the contract at the present low rate.

Now, sir, if in your judgment it would be for the interest of the Government to continue my contract you will favor all parties by referring this communication or making a statement of your own to Colonel Hoffman, or to the Commissary-General, to the end that Captain Christopher may be authorized to continue the present arrangement.

Yours, truly,

JOHN W. SULLIVAN.
HEADQUARTERS, Columbus, Ohio, May 28, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS, U. S. Army:

Upon the pressing requisition of Governor Tod and Governor Dennison to send a force to Camp Chase immediately to prevent threatened insurrection of prisoners in the absence of all guard but a few citizens I spent last night there with a strong detachment of Eighteenth Infantry. Shall I delay marching the Eighteenth until a guard is organized or shall I move them South at once? The emergency was so pressing last night that I responded to the requisition without suspending other preparations for march.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,Colonel Eighteenth Infantry, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 20. Jefferson City, Mo., May 28, 1862.

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 27, dated Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, camp on Corinth road, Miss., May 15, 1862, all commanders of posts, regiments, companies, &amp;c., having in charge prisoners of war and citizens apprehended for disloyalty and other offenses against the laws of the United States and the State of Missouri, will report their names at once to Colonel Bernard G. Farrar, provost-marshal-general at Saint Louis, Mo., and receive his orders for their disposition. The reports will give the full names of the prisoners, their places of residence, where taken and the time when each was arrested, and will also be accompanied by charges and specifications in due form as indicated in General Orders, Numbers 12, current series from these headquarters, showing the offenses charged against each prisoners and the names of witnesses by whom the charges, &c., may be proven.

By order of Brigadier-General Totten:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LARNED, KANS., May 28, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth.

CAPTAIN: There arrived at this post on the 26th instant Lieutenant J. R. Johnson, Second Regiment New Mexico Volunteers, with one non-commissioned officer and fourteen privats from Fort Union, and one subaltern, one non-commissioned officer and twelve privates of the Tenth Regiment of Infantry from Fort Wise. They were escorting 29 unparoled and 104 paroled Texas rebels; among the latter 1 major, 1 assistant surgeon and 2 lieutenants, ordered out of the Territory of New

