HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, May 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington:

I have the honor to inclose herewith a list* of U. S. prisoners forwarded to New York per steamer Virginia. This is the second detachment of prisoners released by authority of General Holmes, and the third will follow on the steamer Guide in a few days. I have forwarded a similar list to Colonel Tompkins, assistant quartermaster-general at New York, and Captain Ritchie, of my staff, now in New York will personally superintend their debarkation and their transportation to their homes.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., May 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

The enemy unable to feed our troops now prisoners have already sent across my lines from Chattanooga 1,400 taken at Shiloh. They are in a deplorable condition. I have done the best I could for them and start them all in the morning with my division train to Columbia where I hope the orders of General Halleck will reach them. and I am compelled to refuse to receive any more of those paroled prisoners until after having received instructions from headquarters. The commanding officer at Chattanooga never even asked consent to bring these prisoners within my lines. I find it extremely difficult to feed my own troops; my supply train is in bad condition, many of the wagons out of repair, hence impossible to furnish food for such a large body of men unannounced.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Va., May 30, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL: I respectfully request that proper steps be taken to exchange or receive back on parole Lieutenant H. W. Perkins, Fiftieth New York, aide to Brigadier-General Butterfield, and to ascertain the physical condition of this officer. Lieutenant Perkins was taken prisoner and carried off from a temporary hospital while too ill to bear any bodily exertion. I am informed he was compelled to walk, and fear for his life. I also request that the fate of Surgeon Marshall, of Berdan Sharpshooters, be ascertained and his return or exchange be effected. He was taken from the same hospital while attending to the wounded of the enemy as well as our own. In this last case I have to remind the commanding general that a medical officer and several stewards and attendants of the Confederate Army are in our possession, taken under the same circumstances as Doctor Marshall, and suggest that if contrary to usage the latter is regarded a prisoner of war like action be taken with the former.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

