
This sentence has been approved by the commanding general. To the end that all others may take warning, that solemn obligations may be preserved, that war may not lose all honorable ties, that clemency may not be abused and that justice be done-

It is ordered: That Abraham McLane, Daniel Doyle, Edward C. Smith, Patrick Kane, George L. Williams and William Stanley be shot to death under the direction of the provost-marshal immediately after reveille on Wednesday, the 4th day of June next, and for so doing this shall be the provost-marshal's sufficient warrant.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUELL'S HEADQUARTERS, May 31, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Mitchel reports that the enemy, unable to feed their prisoners of war, have sent to him on parole without previous notification 1,400 of those taken at Shiloh. They are on their way to Columbia. What shall be done with them? In case of some taken from Mitchel and paroled by Morgan in the same manner I placed them in camp and under regular discipline. Mitchel has great difficulty in supplying his command, and has therefore notified the commander at Chattanooga that he cannot receive prisoners released in that way without announcement, and I have approved of his course.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, Ind., May 31, 1862.

Captain THOMAS FOSTER, Jr.,

Commissary of Subsistence, Indianapolis, Ind.

CAPTAIN: Please purchase with the funds accruing from the saving of rations at the hospital of the prisoners of war any articles necessary for the health or comfort of the sick, on the requisitio of the attending surgeon, approved by Captain James A. Ekin, assistant quartermaster.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Can receive 2,000 prisoners here if necessary.

JAMES A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 57. Washington, June 1, 1862.

The Department of Virginia is extended to include that part of Virginia south of the Rappahannock and east of the railroad from Fredericksburg to Richmond, Petersburg and Weldon. Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, will assume command thereof and of all the U. S. forces within its limits.

