
headquarters. He will wait for the arrival of the hostages presuming that no unnecessary delay will be required to accomplish an object much desired by all parties interested.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - After the above delivery on parole of privateersmen and hostages I presume there will be no difficulty as regards future exchanges.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Aide-de-Camp and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: You will take charge of the privateersmen, prisoners of war, numbering in all including officers eighty-five men. These are to be delivered on parole to Major-General Huger or any other officer appointed to receive them on condition that the prisoners of war held as hostages on account of the privateersmen are delivered to you on parole to be exchanged hereafter as well as the privateersmen according to the cartel agreed upon between the United States and Great Britain in 1813.

On your arrival near the headquarters of Major-General Huger you will transmit the dispatch addressed to the general with a note informing him of your arrival and readiness to deliver the privateersmen on his order on condition of the delivery of the hostages retained as prisoners on their account.

Herewith you will receive a copy of a parole* of honor which the officers will all sign and the seamen will swear not to take up arms against the United States until properly exchanged.

Should Major-General Huger refuse to parole and deliver to you the hostages Corcoran, Willcox and others you will retain and bring back the privateersmen as well as all other prisoners. This, however, I do not apprehend as Major-General Huger has agreed to the terms herein proposed.

The five merchant seaman will be permitted to land with the privateersmen on taking an oath not to take up arms against the United States until properly exchanged.

On your arrival near the place where you will land the flag of truce you will endeavor to have a gun-boat accompany you to the place where the exchanges will be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 1, 1862.

Brigadier General NEAL DOW, Commanding Forces at Ship Island.

GENERAL: * * * After the Robinson returns she will be at your service to go to Pass Christian. I am informed that there are men

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

