
the camp fund. As the number of sick in the hospital is small the fund will not accumulate very fast, and if there should be a surplus it could be transferred to other hospitals, or it could remain in the subsistence department. The wash bill may very well be paid from this fund. Please ascertain the amount of the fund. We want to use the camp fund as fast as it accumulates. The new building which is to be put up will be occupied by men in those buildings which are too much crowded. There is no urgency in taking the prisoners out of tents and we may have to provide for the accommodation of 1,000 or 2,000 more. Lay off the ground according to some plan and locate the buildings which may hereafter be put up compactly on the best ground. The prison house should be outside, where the guard should have a large room with half a dozen cells attached made very secure and very uncomfortable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHESAPEAKE GENERAL HOSPITAL, June 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE, U. S. Army.

DEAR SIR: I have already sent two communications to my immediate superior in regard to the insurgent prisoners under treatment at this hospital and beg your indulgence for reminding the general through you of their condition. In short several of them are destitute of clothing and I should be thankful to be informed whether or not any articles of wearing apparel can be furnished to enable them to leae their beds. If they must be raised by private contribution I will gladly contribute my share. There is one case in particular to which I would respectfully call the attention of the general-that of William H. Hamilton, of North Carolina, who was shot through both eyes at Williamsburg. He of course is totally blind, and being a man of much influence at home (Raleigh) and thoroughly penetrated with feelings of gratitude for the kind treatment he has received at our hands (as are also all the North Carolinians here) I think it would be an act of clemency which in the present state of reactionary feeling in that State might tell favorably upon the public mind to have him unconditionally released and sent home. I am prompted to mention this from motives of humanity and a sincere desire to contribute all I can to restrong confidence in the State of North Carolina toward the Government of the United States.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

R. B. McCAY,

Brigade Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, June 2, 1862.

Honorable H. HAMILTON, President of the Senate.

SIR: In compliance with the request of Senate resolution of the 30th ultimo I transmit herewith a copy of the correspondence between this Department and the War Department upon the subject of imprisoning soldiers and volunteers in the penitentiary of this Distric; also copies of the opinions of the Attorney-General on that subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALEB B. SMITH,

Secretary of the Interior.

