
hostages were delivered to be exchanged or paroled. Shall I remain until the flag returns or leave at once for Baltimore, Major-General Dix having arrived and assumed command of Fort Monroe?

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 2, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Fort Monroe:

Remain until the flag of truce returns and the negotiations for the exchange is closed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., June 2, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department of the Appomattox.

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this point with eighty-five privateersmen, prisoners of war, and five seamen taken from merchant vessels while attempting to run the blockade, to be delivered to you or any other officer you may appoint to receive them upon the conditions stated in the letter of Major-General Wool to you of yesterday.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp and Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP DOUGLAS, June 2, 1862.

Colonel JAMES A. MULLIGAN:

Having learned that our paroles were revoked because of our refusal to render medical aid* to our fellow-prisoners we beg leave to make the following statement of facts: The paroles received from you were only in force from the time of our departure from this camp till we reached Camp Randall. When these were presented to Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple, together with your letter recommending us to be paroled there as we had been while under your charge, he replied that he could not parole us. Upon this refusal to parole us we refused to do duty. If we had had the liberties granted us there that our brother surgeons were then enjoying here and the same that had been extended to us before our arrival at Camp Randall we should have rendered to our fellow-prisoners all the aid in our power with the utmost cheerfulness. Will you have the kindness to forward this statement to Colonel Hoffman and greatly oblige,

Most respectfully,

SAML. JOHNSON,

M. H. OLIVER,

A. G. GREENLEE.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, June 3, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman, with the suggestion that the surgeons be restored to their positions and paroled.

JAS. A. MULLIGAN.

---------------

* See Smith to Hoffman, p. 528, and Hoffman to Mulligan, p. 542.

---------------

