
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 3, 1862.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: Your letter of the 17th instant [ultimo] relative to aliens captured while attempting to break the blockade and who are at present confined as state prisoners at Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, has been duly received. In reply I have to request you to proceed at once to the fort and examine the cases of all that class of prisoners, and unless their testimony is necessary to the proper administration of justice you will please discharge them upon their giving their written parole of honor to render no aid or comfort to enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States and report your proceedings to me.

Very respectfully, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 3, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have been directed by the Secretary of War to prepare a complete and systematized record of all the prisoners of war and of state taken by our forces to be kept here for constant use. I have to ask therefore that you will send to this Department without delay a list of all the posts at which prisoners of war or of state are now confined, and also as far as has not been done lists of all prisoners that have been brought to those posts, their rank and regiment, when and where taken, to what State they belong and whether released, transferred or still there in confinement. In cases of prisoners of state the reason as far as known of their arrest.

General Orders, Numbers 54, does not cover quite all the points of information desired, especially the prisoners that have been released. Some lists have been returned to this Department but not all. It is particularly important that all fresh arrivals of prisoners should be reported promptly with all the particulars mentioned.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, June 3, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just received a letter from the bearer of the flag of truce informing me that he was delayed in consequence of the tardiness of the Government of the so-called Confederates to answer his communication, but General Huger promised to give an answer at 10 o'clock this morning, which from his remark I think will be favorable and the exchange or release of the hostages and the privateersmen will take place.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

