
ground floor of these buildings herewith inclosed will show the space allowed for their accommodation. I also inclose a copy of my instructions to Captains Wormer, the officer in command of Fort Mackinac.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel of First Infantry.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MACKINAC, May 25, 1862.

Captain G. S. WORMER, Commanding Post of Fort Mackinac.

SIR: In addition to the ordinary duties of commanding officer of Fort Mackinac you are charged with the duty of guarding and safe-keeping Washington Barrow, William G. Harding and Joseph C. Guild, citizens of Tennessee, state prisoners of war, now under you control, and it is enjoined upon you adopt all such measures as may be necessary to retain these persons in your custody. For this purpose the company of volunteers under your command were mustered into the service of the United States. It is presumed that Colonel Hoffman, U. S. Army, commissary-general of prisoners, will give you all necessary instructions in relation to the manner the prisoners are to be treated, the restrictions to be placed on their intercourse with citizens, either personal or through the mail, and the liberty that may be allowed them to take exercise, &amp;c.

I am, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel of First Infantry, Commanding District.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., June 3, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a list of clothing required for prisoners of war at Fort Columbus, N. Y., which please order to be furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

List of clothing required for prisoners of war at Fort Columbus, N. Y.: 150 caps, 30 coats or flannel sack coats, 200 trousers, 250 flannel shirts, 200 pairs bootees (sizes 7 to 9), 10 blankets.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

June 3, 1862.

General GEORGE B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio.

GENERAL: I returned from Saint Louis only last evening and found your favor of the 29th ultimo, which had been forwarded to me from Sandusky. My plan is to add to the accommodations of Prison Numbers 3 at a very trifling expense by transferring such buildings as can be

