
spared from the camp to the prison inclosure. The space may be too small to give as pure circulation as may be desirable, but for the present do not propose to enlarge it. I therefore adop the plan A prepared by Lieutenant Simonton and wish it carried out, so far as there are buildings outside available for the purpose. To each group of seven or eight buildings one may be assigned as a kitchen, furnished with one stove and one barrel boiler. These will cook for 150 men, and by this arrangement the cooking stoves may be removed from the quarters and much fuel saved. At a future day the fence may be removed so as to enlarge the space inside, by the aid of the prisoners, at a very small cost if judiciously managed, but I am not willing to undertake it in the present unsettled state of the camp. I will write to Lieutenant Symington on the subject and will be obliged to you if you will aid him with your advice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MACKINAC, [MICH.,] June 3, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Yours of the 24th and 26th came duly to hand and contents noted. Your instructions shall be strictly adhered to and carried out. The prisoners which I have in my charge are Washington Barrow, William G. Harding and Joseph C. Guild, state prisoners of war sent from Tennessee. On my arrival here from Detroit I allowed them to go to the hotel to board and lodge, under guard of one sergeant and three men (and on parole), who guarded the house both day and night, and when they took a walk about the island they always went with them. About ten days ago their quarters were completed and since that time I have had them sleep and remain in the fort except to go to their meals, which I gave them one and a half hours to walk and take, which is equal to four and a half hours per day. They are always guarded by three armed men. I have received a cooking stove for the prisoners' quarters without furniture, not even a spider. I have this day bought what furniture will answer them, also some cheap table furniture, and will have the prisoners live in their quarters this week. They are very anxious to know whether they will be permitted to have their families here, which you will see by the inclosed note* addressed to me. I will write. I will do as you desired.

I remain, your obedient servant,

G. S. WORMER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., June 4, 1862.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

Do you really wish to have control of the question of releasing rebel prisoners so far as they may be Tennesseeans? If you do please tell us so distinctly. Your answer not to be made public.

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

