
Resolution adopted by the Senate of the United States June 4, 1862.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to communicate to the Senate copies of any instructions to commanding generals in pursuance of the act of Congress approved August 6, 1861, setting free slaves who have been employed by the consent of their masters against the Government and lawful authority of the United States, and also to inform the Senate if any steps have been taken to make this statute effective and to insure its due execution by our advancing armies for the benefit of slaves who have been so employed.

NEW YORK, June 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

We can take 2,000 more prisoners at Indianapolis. Mrs. Halleck is quite well.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 4, 1862.

JOHN O'BRIEN and JOHN SHOULHAN,

Prisoners of War, Governor's Island, N. Y.

GENTLEMEN: Your letter addressed to Colonel G. Loomis asking his influence to procure your release as prisoners of war on condition of taking the oath of allegiance to the United States has been by him submitted to this Department, in reply to which the Secretary of War directs me to say that you will all probably soon be released under a system of general exchanges but that none of you who exhibit satisfactory evidence that you will hereafter be loyal to the Government of the United States and take the oath of allegiance will be forced against your will within the rebel lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, June 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have this day dispatched the last batch of our prisoners that have been confined by the rebels in Salisbury, N. C. The total number released you will find to be over 1,400. They are all released on parole.

I am convinced if I had the authority I could efect a regular exchange of the prisoners I hold and by that means bring all these men into the field again. They are very anxious to be in service again with a view to revenge themselves on the rebels for the horrible [treatment at their] hands, and I am satisfied they would make most efficient soldiers.

I am considerably exercised just now in reference to the Union regiment forming at Washington, in this State. It seems to have attracted a great portion of the venom of the rebel forces in this section. They

