
have determined to do all in their power to crush it, and a considerable force has concentrated in the vicinity of Washington. I have sent what I conceived to be an adequate force to their relief and hope by my next dispatch to report repulse or a retreat of their assailants. I have purposely avoided a concentration of my own troops at Washington with a view to inducing the people there to take up arms for their own defense and I hope very soon to be able to report the formation of a full regiment in that region. They have now some 300 enrolled in Washington and Bay River. I may have made a mistake in leaving them with so little protection, and should a slight disaster occur I hope the Department will look upon it as one of the accidents of war rather than a piece of negligence on my part. I feel quite sure the returning force will reach them in time for their relief.

I have nothing of importance to report in reference to this post, Beaufort of Fort Macon. The troops are in very good condition and are ready for a move up the country, but I am sorry to report that none of the transportation required for has yet arrived. My chief quartermaster has gone on to hurry it up and I learn from him that it will very soon be here. I have succeeded in establishing communication by boats with Norfolk and shall leave here to-morrow morning for Roanoke Island with a view of communicating with General Wool.

I inclose herewith a report* of my medical director in reference to the surgeon of the Eighth Connecticut.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 4, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.:

I find that considerable numbers of men who have been in the rebel service are returning from Arkansas with certificates from provost-marshals of your command that they have taken the oath of allegiance. We are in the habit in Missouri of requiring of such persons to give bonds for future loyal conduct besides subscribing to the oath, and we find that the bond proves to be much the most binding of the two. Of course the certificates of your provost-marshals will be respected in Missouri under whatever terms you may order the prisoner released. It would, however, be more in accordance with the system pursued here and I think better if the conditions were added to the certificates given to persons who are to return to Missouri that they shall report to the provost-marshal nearest to their place of residence and there give the customary bond. Will you please inform me, general, whether this proposition meets with your approval, and oblige,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Columbus, June 4, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have just received a communication from the Assistant Secretary of War upon the application of Mrs. E. Sally Wheeler for

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

