
the parole of her son Woodbury Wheeler, a prisoner of war, wherein he states "that arrangements have been made for a general exchange of prisoners which precludes the necessity for special action in this case. "

I would respectfully again bring to the notice of the Department that there is a large number of prisoners of war now confined in the castle who are they say Nothern men and are desirous of taking the oath of allegiance and being allowed to return home. They fear if exchanged and obliged to return South that they will again be compeled to serve in the Confederate Army. If it be practicable I trust all who are desirous to leave on such terms will be permitted to do so. It seems unjust to force them again to enter the rebel service, as many say they were compelled to do at first.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE SOUTHWEST,Springlield, [Mo.,] June 4, 1862.

General W. S. KETCHUM.

GENERAL: Several rebel lsurgeons were left here by General Price to take care of the sick rebel soldiers. Will they be treated as prisoners of war or sent under flag of truce to the lines of the enemy as proposed by General Halleck in General Orders, Numbers 33, current series?

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., June 4, 1862.

Colonel JAMES A. MULLIGAN,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: In reply to my letter referring the proposition of the contractor at Camp Douglas to continue his contract beyond the 1st of July the Commissary-General of Subsistence authorizes a new contract to be made immediately for furnishing provisions for the year commencing on the 1st of July next, and you will please give instructions to the assistant commissary of subsistence accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, June 4, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit a roll of all prisoners of war at this station since the 1st of March, 1862.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

