
Davis and Colonel Bratton I have the honor to state that the three first mentioned are in my possession. General Pettigrew is wounded but not dangerously. Colonel Lightfoot and Lieutenant-Colonel Long are uninjured. As soon as I can learn the fate of Colonels Davis and Bratton I will communicate with you again.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I have this moment learned that Colonel bratton is wounded and a prisoner. I need not add that all in our power has been for the comfort of these officers.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 6, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War. I recomment that Lieutenant Perkins be exchanged for one of the officers named or some other, as the Secretary may designate

R. E. LEE,General.

[Second indorsement.]

Lieutenant Perkins may be exchanged for such of the within-named officers as shall be determined by lot. Our general rule is to decline individual exchanges preferring a general exchange. Under the circumstances of this case the rule will be relaxed.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 70. New Orleans, June 5, 1862.

William b. Mumford, a citizen of New Orleans, having been convicted before the military commission of treason and an overt act thereof, tearing down the United States flag from a public building of the United States for the purpose of inciting other evil-minded persons to further resistance to the laws and arms of the United States, after said flag was placed there by Commodore Farragut, of the U. S. Navy:

It is ordered that he be executed according to sentence of said military commission on Saturday, June 7, instant, between the hours of 8 a. m. and 12 m., under the directions of the provost-marshal of the District of New Orleans, and for so doing this shall be his sufficient warrant.

By command of Major-General Butler, commanding department:

WM. H. WIEGEL,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 97. Washington, D. C., June 5, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XI. The following-named persons, surgeons and medical attendants in the Confederate service, having remained voluntarily on the field of battle at Williamsburg for the purpose of caring for their wounded and now confined to this city are hereby released on their parole not

