
instructions in the matter, and only give you the information to be used at your discretion if it comes within the range of your duties. All the camps mentioned except Camps Chase and Morton are as far as I know without guards, and guards must be provided for any prisoners sent to them. The expense of sending prisoners to Fort Snelling is very great and it should be the last place occupied.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, June 5, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DEAR SIR: Have you issued any orders in regard to shortening the rationes of the prisoners in this camp further that those given to myself?

Faithfully,JAS. A. MULLIGAN.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., June 5, 1862.

Captain J. CHRISTOPHER,

Commissary of Subsistence, Chicago, Ill.

CAPTAIN: I inclose the scale* or rations issued at Camp Morton which is found there to be abundant, and you may find it a useful guide in establishing the rates at Camp Douglas. It has been fixed after experiment and with the consent of the prisoners. you may find it necessary to vary it a little. At Camp Morton they have a fund of $2,400 which will be disbursed for the benefit of the prisoners in a way to save expense to the Government. I expect the funds to be expended as fast as accumulated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS MEDICAL DEPARTMENT,Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill., June 5, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: Since your visit to this camp I have been busy at work carrying out the following hygienic improvements: The prisoners' tents have been struck and reset regularly. Two rows are on each side of an avenue running the whole length of the camp, thirty-three feet wide, in which they have their fires and do their cooking. Police is enforced every morning at 8 o'clock. The stoves have been removed from all the barracks outside under sheds, also the tables, making them cook and eat outside, thus avoiding much filth and going very far in doing away with an active cause of disease. They are now allowed to go to the sinks at night. Lime has been freely used. Drainage is being carried out in front, between and behind the barracks. For want of lumber I have been compelled to suspend further work on the ventilation of my hospitals and of the barracks. As it is I am well satisfied with the marked improvement in the health and appearance of my sick. The deaths have greatly decreased in number. I have appointed a commissary-sergeant

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

