
of hospitals under my supervision. I think this will be of great service in building up a fund. I have recommended and had made a sergeant-major of the prisoners whose duty it is to make details, receive reports, &amp;c. Two roll-calls are now established, morning and evening. Also a commissary-sergeant has been made and there is no doubt but that a fund can now be rapidly made for the benefit of the whole party. Heretofore the contractors have had all this their own way. This will now stop. Major Fonda, of the Twelfth Illinois Calvary, who has charge of the prisoners in camp, has cordially united with me in all these improvements and suggestions. I only wish he could be retained in this duty as his influence among these men is very great. His regiment will soon leave and are now under orders. I am afraid that some new hand will be placed with me who will not know or care for the comfort of these unfortunate men. As it is already they seem more cheerful and hopeful; do everything asked of them cheerfully. Very few attempt even to escape and all seem to be more contented and happy. I was much pleased on last Sunday morning's inspection and would be glad to see you at one in two or three weekl. Dr. C. H. Alden, assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, taken at the same time I was, now stationed at Rouse's Point, N. Y., writes that he is anxious to be ordered here with me; that a citizen surgeon can easily be employed at his post. He would be of great assistance. If you can by applying have him ordered here it will be a great favor to both parties. I could then get along without a steward. If he cannot be got I wish you would apply for a regular hospital steward for this camp. Without assistance it will be almost impossible to attend and do justice to all my duties. I have sent my requisition to Chicago and hope soon to have a full supply.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. COOPER McKEE,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

U. S. BARK KINGFISHER,

Blockading off Saint Mark's, Fla., June 5, 1862.

Lieutenant Commander C. P. McGARY, C. S. Navy, or in his absence

The COMMANDING OFFICER AT SAINT MARK'S.

SIR: I presume that one of my officers, Acting Master Samuel Curtis, with the survivors of the watering party under his char in the Aucilla River on the 2nd instant by a portion of the forces under your command and are now held by you as prisoners of war.

I do not permit myself to doubt that they will receive at your hands such treatment as humanity and the civilization of the age claim for persons in their situation and as your prisoners on board this vessel have received at mine. as they are without any clothing I have to request you will allow me to send them their hammocks and clothesbags that they may be made comfortable so far as these are concerned without taxing your hospitality for the purpose. I wish also to inquire if there would be any objection on your part to my placing a few dollars for each in the hands of Mr. Curtis to be expended by him at his discretion in the purchase of any little articles they may require for their comfort?

I have ascertained that some of my men were killed in the skirmish and buried in a hasty manner near the banks of the river, the bodies not being covered by more than a foot of loose earth, and ask that you will be pleased to furnish me with a pass for a burying party to go

