
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 60. Washington, June 6, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. The principle being recognized that medical officers should not be held as prisoners of war itis hereby directed that all medical officers so held by the United States shall be immediately and unconditionally discharged.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I communicated to you by telegraph this morning the result of my efforts to effect the release of our officers held as hostages by delivering the rebel privateersmen.

In order that you may fully understand the negotiation I have the honor to send herewith copies of the correspondence* on this subject, concluding with Colonel Whipple's report to me on his return with the privateersmen from City Point.

I believe this will fully demostrate that I have promptly conceded to all the demands of General Huger in order to effect the release of Colonel Corcoran and the other hostages as well as a general exchange of our prisoners, and thus relieve the great anxiety of their many friends. I regret the effort has been so unsuccessful.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., June 6, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left Hampton Roads on board steamer Massachusetts about 3 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd instant with flag of truce for City Point, Va.

There were on board under my charge the privateersmen, prisoners of war, eighty-five in number; also five men captured from merchant vessels while attempting to run the blockade, with whom in accordance with your instructions I was to endeavor to procure the release of our officers held as hostages by the rebels by delivering the privateersmen within their lines on parole.

I arrived off City Point about 2 p. m. on the same day and at once addressed a letter to General Huger informing him of my arrival and my readiness to exchange prisoners on the terms named in your communication to him, which I also forwarded, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 1, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, Petersbug, Va.

GENERAL: I send on parole to be exchanged according to the cartel agreed upon between the United States and Great Britain in 1813 the privateersmen, prisoners

---------------

*Omitted here; included with the preceding correspondence in its chronological order.

---------------

