
I acknowledged the receipt of this communication and inquired whether it was intended to hold the proposed conference with me, and if not with me with whom and when. At 3 p. m. the next day I and no reply. I then addressed a letter to General Huger stating that having waited until that hour for a reply to may last letter I should return to Fort Monroe and that any communications on the subject of the exchange of prisoners would be forwarded by the officers of the Navy now at City Point. It was 5 o'clock before I left, having waited twenty-four hours for an answer.

I arrived here with the privateersmen at 8 a. m. to-day, having been detained by fog.

I would add that when there was a prospect of effecting the release of the hostages I put the officers of the privateersmen on their parole and the seamen on their oath on condition of their release.

The following-named persons refused to take the oath for the reason that they did not wish to be sent South, but wished to take the oath of allegiance and remain at the North: J. H. Edwards, seaman, Petrel; A. Peyrusset, sailing master, Petrel; W. Dangler, seaman, Beauregard; H. F. Randolph, seaman, Beauregard; F. M. Binney, seaman, Beauregard; John Courday, seaman, Beauregard; J. Somer, seaman, Beureagard.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp and Chief of Staff.

CORINTH, MISS., June 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM, Saint Louis:

Colonel Hoffman's dispatch was probably sent on the expectation that a large number of prisoners would be sent from here. I shall parole most of those from Tennessee and Kentucky and permit them to return to their homes.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 6, 1862.

Major-General LOVELL, Commanding at Jackson.

GENERAL: The communication by flag of truce under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Ogden, of your staff, was handed me this morning.

I take leave to assure you that unnecessary, as it would have been unheeded had my judgment determined any given course of action necessary and jsut.

Major Van Benthuysen, an officer holding a commission against the United States in arms, was arrested by my order for aiding the escape of a scoundrel and spy, who had at the same time been false to your part as he was to mine, and confined in Fort Jackson and told that as his offense was not the worst in the rebellion if he would produce the spy who I was informed was under his control he would be released and so far his offenses condoned. Being afterwards assured that the spy had escaped in fact to Richmond, upon Major Van Benthuysen's application he was released some days later upon his parole and is now as I believe quietly attending his ordinary avocations about the city of New Orleans.

