
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 7, 1862.

Brigadier General J. S. WADSWORTH,

Military Governor of District of Columbia, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that the following-named surgeons now in this city as prisoners of war be unconditionally released: [C. A. Bates] Dr. W. R. Erwin, Dr. J. W. Fennell, Dr. C. C. Clarke, Dr. E. G. Colton.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General BROWN, U. S. Army,

Fort Hmilton, N. Y.:

Captain Larned is directed to muster. The prisoners must be quartered at Fort Columbus. Regulars are to be mustered. Men having no descriptive rolls mustered on their own statements of their companies and regiments, and for pay from time of their capture; also allwed communication of rations during captivity.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Major General JOHN A. DIX:

The commanding general desires that you will direct one of the officers of your command to prepare as soon as practicable complete descriptive lists of the prisoners of war taken in the recent battle at Fair Oaks and sent to Fort Monroe. It is understood that you have lists of many of these prisoners, but some were sent down in violation of instructions and before their names were taken. It is therefore found necessary to request that the descriptive lists you have be so far revised as to include all the prisoners. Please send a copy of this amended list to General A. Porter, provost-marshal-general at these headquarters.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, June 7, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have received your dispatch. I will make one effort more. I have sent a dispatch which will not fail to call forth a definite reply, not only in relation to the privateersmen and hostages but all others. I will leave this evening for Baltimore. The privateersmen will remain until the flag returns which may delay them two or three days, when if not exchanged they will be sent of Fort Lafayette.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, June 7, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,Commanding Department of the Appomattox, Va.

GENERAL: I was surprised at the return of the privateersmen. What is the difficulty? I have but one object-a fair and honorable

