
exchange of all prisoners and agreeably to the arrangement entered into by you and myself. Why not take the privateersmen on parole and return the hostages on the same terms? I will with you arrange their exchange as soon as you can attend to it. Believing that nothin has happened, certainly not on my part, to prevent the exchange of all prisoners, hostages and privateersmen as well as all others on the terms agreed upon, I will detain the privateersmen one day longer before I return them to New York expecting to hear from you on the subject. In the meantime please inform me if the privateersmen and hostages are not released if that will prevent other exchanges.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 7, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: Your telegraphic dispatch was referred to General Halleck and he replied: "I shall parole most of those from Tennessee and Kentucky and permit them to return to their homes. " The dispatch being in the shape of an order in part I did not understand it, therefore submitted it to headquarters supposing it probable that General Halleck had telegraphed to you to know where he could send rebel prisoners and how many to each place. Your letter of the 5th instant makes the matter plain.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Inspector-General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, June 7, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your telegram of the 6th and an explanation required of me relative to requiring menial service of the Boston Cadets. I have the honor to inclose a copy of resolutions of this corps unexpectedly handed to me by its commander yesterday.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, June 6, 1862.

Colonel DIMICK.

DEAR SIR: With unqualified pleasure I transmit a copy of resolutions passed by the non-commissioned officers and privates of my command in quarters on the evening of Wednesday, the 4th, with a spontaneous enthusiasm worty of the courtesy and consideration you have extended to them:

FORT WARREN, June 4, 1862.

Whereas, an article has appeared in the Boston Evening Transcrit of this date intimating that the Boston Independent Company of Cadets are dissatisfied with the quarters and duties assigned to them at Fort Warren:

Resolved, That we regret exceedingly that this article or anything whatsoever respecting the corps has been published in the newspapers.

Resolved, That as the aforesaid article did not emanate from us we utterly repudiate it and its insinuations.

