
Resolved, That we feel the greatest respect and regard for Colonel Dimick, and are duly sensible of and grateful for his considerate treatment of us.

Resolved, That Colonel Holmes be respectfully requested to communicate these resolutions to Colonel Dimick, if in his judgemnt such a course be advisable.

I presume it is necessary for me to add that my brother officers cheerfully join in this testimonial to the uniform kindness we have received at your hands.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Boston Cadets.

McCLELLAN'S, June 8, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Nothing ofespecial interest to-day except that it has passed without rain. I am glad to inform you that I have the best possible authority for stating that our wounded and prisoners in the hands of the enemy are as well treated as their means permit. The clothing sent some time since via Fort Monroe was carefully issued to our men. There is suffering among them for hospital stores. I will endeavor to obtain authority to supply our men in their hands. If not objectionable I think I can obtain a cartel without committing the Government. You will remember what was said about the subject in Washington.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe:

By direction of the Secretary of War you will please send the privateersmen to Fort Lafayette, N. Y. It may be proper to add about twenty men to the guard to insure safety.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, June 8, 1862.

Major General B. S. McCLELLAN,Commanding Army of the Potomac.

SIR: By direction of the general commanding the Army of Northern Virginia I have the honor to inform you that your request of the exchanged of Lieutenant Perkins is consented to.

Individual exchanges are objectionable and we would much prefer to negotiate a general exchange, this present arrangement being warranted only by the peculiar circumstances mentioned in your letter.

Lieutenant Perkins will be delivered to your flag of truce herewith, and I will thank you to decide by lot which of the two lieutenants, Thronebur or Bohannon, shall be restored to us, and send him to Hughes' Cross Roads to-morow morning at 10 o'clock.

I thank you, general, for the information given us in your letter of our officers in your hands, and assure you that your kind consideration will relieve much distress in the families of those reported dead.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General, Commanding Light Division.

I send a few letters herewith which if entirely agreeable I will thank you to have distributed.

