HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 8, 1862.

COMMANDING GENERAL ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRIGINIA,

Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Major General A. P. Hill's letter of to-day and to express my thanks for the prompt compliance with my request in regard to Lieutenant Perkins. I would beg to apologize for failing to send either Lieutenant Throneburg or Boahnnon with this; they were sent to Fort Monroe inadvertently. I have directed that one of them be returned at once and have no doubt that he can be delivered to you by day after to-morrow morning.

I fully agree that a general exchange or cartel would be preferabe, and should it be agreeable to you would be very glad to designate a general or staff officer to meet one to be selected by you for the purpose of endeavoring to arrange the details.

It has reached me that circumstances have rendered it inconvenient for you to supply our wounded with all the necessary medical store. While thanking you for the kind treatment which has been extended to wounded and prisoners taken from the army under my command since it entered the Peninsula, may I ask permission to send such supplies as may be required by my men now in your possession in such manner as may be designated by you?

A reply to this would reach me most conveniently by way of Meadow Bridge, where the officer commanding my pickets will be instructed to receive it.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

McCLELLAN'S, June 8, 1862.

General J. A. DIX:

The commanding general desires that you will forward to him by to-morrow's mail a copy of the extract from a cartel agreed upon between Great Britain and the United States in the war of 1812-15 for the exchange of prisoners which was sent to General Wool in January or February last. It is presumed this paper may be found among the files of your office.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

McCLELLAN'S, June 8, 1862.

Major General J. A. DIX:

Are Lieutenants Throneburg and Bohannon, Confederate prisoners of war from North Carolina, or either of them, now at Fort Monroe? The commanding general directs that one of them be selected by you by lot to be sent to these headquarters to-morrow to be exchanged. If they have been sent North the general wishes you to select one by lot from among the first lieutenants of the Confederate prisoners in your hands, Lieutenant Washington excepted, and send him here to-morrow. The officer so selected to be sent forward under the charge of an officer of your command who will be instructed to allow his prisoners to see noth-

