
truth of such information and if compatible with your duty furnish me a copy of the order in question. If such proves to have been your declaration, however, you can consider this as an acceptance of the issue tendered, and we will ignore all recognized rules of civilized warfare and make our campaign one of savage cruelty and unsparing butchery.

Hoping, general, that there is some mistake in this matter and that the rules of civilized warfare will continue to influence us both in conducting the campaign in which we find ourselves engaged,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, June 8, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistnat Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

Shall I turn over the books containing the lists of Federal and rebel prisoners to Colonel Farrar, under the provisions of General Orders, No. 27, Department of the Mississippi, of May 15, 1862?

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Inspector-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 8, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Columbus, N. Y.

SIR: Your letter of the 2nd instant reporting the arrival of 539 prisoners of war on the Star of the South does not state from what part they came; neither does it say how the four colored men are held, whether as rebel prisoners of war or how. If as servants the instructions heretofore given you apply.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, June 8, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The boat left through a misapprehension without the copy of cartel.

I threfore telegraph it* and send by mail to-morrow.

JOHN A. DIX.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,June 8, 1862.

Colonel SWAIN, Scott's Cavalry.

SIR: You will proceed with thirty men of command to Leesburg and arrest any parties attempting to hold a court in the name of the rebel authorities of Virgiania.

As deputy provost-mashal pro tem. you are authorozed to take such action as you deem best as to any parties held in confinement in the county jail and to arrest any disturbers of the peace or such parties as you may have reason to believe are guilty of acts intended to give aid to

---------------

*Telegraphic extract omitted; see cartel entire at p. 303.

---------------

