
those in rebellion against the United States. You will take two wagons with forage and provisions in order to prevent subsisting upon the inhabitants.

By command of Brigadier-General Wadsworth, military governor of District of Columbia:

JOHN A. KRESS,

Aide-de-Camp.

GOVERNOR'S ISLAND HOSPITAL, June 8, 1862.

General HARVEY BROWN.

SIR: We the undersigned were sent up from Fort Lafayette on the - of March to this hospital very sick, but under the kind care of Surgeon Sloan we have recovered our health again to be able to walk about, and having read in the papers the account of the privateers and others sent from Fort Lafayette to James River for exchange for Colonel Corcoran and others, and the commissioners or Lieutenant Wood or some one having missed us or passed us over, we do not know how to act in the premises, but if you will be kind enough to inform us whether we are included in the order for exchange or not, or if you will inform Surg. W. J. Sloan of the particulars concerning our exchange or why we were left here, you will greatly oblige your humble servants.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM PERRY,

Commander of the late Privateer Petrel.

HENRY MILLS,

Boatswain.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 9, 1862.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN:

You are authorized to arrange a cartel for the exchange of prisoners taken on either side before Richmond on such terms as you deem expedient. But it should not extend to any other prisoners than those taken by the operating armies before Richmond, as the enemy have violated the agreement made by General Huger with General Wool and have repudiated General Huge's authority. This instance will no doubt put you guard in your negotiation.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 9, 1862.

Major General O. M. MITCHEL, Huntsville:

You are authorized to try all offenses of the character mentioned in your dispatch of yesterday by court-martial or military commission and to execute sentence.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., June 9, 1862.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch about seizing seventy rebels to exchange for a like number of Union men was duly received. I certainly do not disapprove the proposition.

A. LINCOLN.

