
LOUISVILLE, June 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

There are a large number of East Tennesseens now confined in prison in Alabama and are being treated worse than beasts. I have been making efforts for some time to have them released. In Mobile they have seventy, many of them our very best citizens, who committed no offense save being for the Union. Can you not make some arrangement through Beauregard to have them all released? I have arrested a number of traitors here who will be released of handed over or exchanged for them if the arrangement can be made. Many in this region would now rather be sent to the infernal regions than to be sent South. I hope you can make some arrangement by which these oppressed men can be immediately released.

A. JOHNSON.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, June 9, 1862.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,Commanding Department of Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of the paper referred to in your dispatch of yesterday, part of the cartel* for the exchange of prisoners agreed on between the United States and Great Britain during the war of 1812.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM:

Our gun-boats will immediately follow the enemy up White River I hope soon to send forces into Arkansas from Memphis. The books containing the list of prisoners can be used by Colonel Farrar, but should not be taken from the adjutant general's office except for reference or to be copied.

W. H. HALLECK,

Major-General.

BOONEVILLE, June 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Many of the prisoners of war desire to take the oath of allegiance and return home. Shall they be permitted to do so? Th deserters who are and have been coming in considerable numbers I have permitted to go on to Hamburg and find their way home as best they could. The prisoners of war who at first desired to be exchanged wish also now to take the oath. I don't know how you desire to treat such cases. I have just heard from Colonel Sheridan. He is in Baldwyn with his regiment and has pushed his advance toward Guntown. The enemy drive away and carry off everything for miles around; many families, even those wealthiest, destitute and starving-nothing whatever has been left them. The cavalry I sent out passed many fine houses of persons in good circumstances where the women and children were

---------------

*Omitted here; see p. 303.

---------------

