
crying for food; everything had been taken, all the male members of the family carried away and forced into the army. Many represent the enemy as suffering greatly for food.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 9, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Booneville:

All deserters and prisoners of war from States or parts of States in our possesssion will be released on taking the prescribed oath of allegiance and giving parole. If you have not plenty of printed blanks they will be sent to you. A record of names must be kept and reported. Use your discretion as to particular individuals from other States. If you can spare provisions feed the starving women and children.

W. H. HALLECK,

Major-General.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, [June 9, 1862.]

General J. A. DIX:

The commanding general desires that you will please report by telegraph the name, company and regiment of the Confederate officer you send up to-day to be exchanged. Please also say whether he has been selected by lot, and further what disposition was made of Lieutenants Throneburg and Bohannon, of the North Carolina prisoners recently sent down.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

McCLELLAN'S, [June 9, 1862.]

General J. A. DIX:

The commanding-general desires that you will report at the earliest moment practicable what disposition has been made of the Confederate prisoners recently sent to Fort Monroe, more especially the detachment that went down on board of the Star of the South, receipted for May 31 by Captain William J. McIntire, Ninety-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, NO. 8. Fort Monroe, Va., June 9, 1862.

* * * * *

VII. Pursuant to instructions from the War Department the privateersmen, prisoners of war, which were sent from New York for exchange will be returned to Fort Lafayette. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for the excution of the above order.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

