SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, NO. 135. Near Booneville, Miss., June 9, 1862.

* * * * * *

Hereafter all prisoners of war captured by our patrols, pickets or other detachments will be sent to the provost-marshall, who is hereby charged with the care and safe-keeping of all prisoners properly turned over to him.

Whenever prisoners of war [are] sent to the provost-marshal written statements of the allegations against them, giving details of the capture, name and description of person, will be furnished.

By order of Major-General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

OXFORD, MISS., June 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, U. S. Army:

In my absence with the Confederate Army my family, consisting of a wife, seven daughters and one little son and my house servants, alarmed upon the approach of General Buell's column by mu residence, in Maury County, Tenn., abandoned my residence and fled to this place. I had previously advised them to remain at home, assuring them of protection from violence and insult by Federal officers. My object in addressing you is to obtain from yourself a passport for them to return home to Maury County, Tenn., and a safeguard from themselves, my servants (sixteen in number), including about eight children, and my carriage and wagons for removal of such articles of furniture as they have with them. General Negley told my brother some four weeks since that he would invite them back if he thought they would return, but it is now impossible for me to communicate with him. My son-in-law, Thomas J. Brown, is with my family and a part of it. He is a private citizens, in no way connected with the Confederate Army, and has not been since the throubles commenced. When and while at Columbus,

Ky., I extended the protection asked in many cases to the Union men and their families, including the families of those in the Federal Army.

I am, with respect,

GIDEON J. PILLOW.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 10, 1862.

Honorable GALUSHA A. GROW,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herwith to the House of Representatives copies of the correspondence* had by Major General John E. Wool in relation to the exchange of prisoners of war.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Omitted here; covered the following documents: Wool in transmittla to Stanton, June 6, p. 654; Wool to Huger, May 2, p. 511; Huger to Wool, May 3, p. 514; Wool to Hunger, May 19 (two), p. 553; Hunger to Wool, May 20, p. 556; Wool to Huger May 21, p. 561; Huger to Wool, May 25, p. 556; Huger to Wool, May 27, p. 601; Wool to Milward, May 25, p. 595; Wool to Huger, June 1, p. 618; Wool to Whipple, June 1, p. 619; Huger to Wool, June 5, p. 650, inclosing Randolph to Huger, June 3; Whipple to Wool, June 6 (inclosure), p. 654.

---------------

