
COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Many of the better calass of prisoners prefer being paroled to being exchanged or otherwise dischrged, for the simple reason that as long as they are on parole they are not liable to military duty again. Would it not be policy in the Government to gratify them in this wish?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WASHINGTON June 10, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

The question in relation to prisoners is now under consideration. If they are paroled great complaint is made by the friends of our prisoners in the South. No trust can be placed in their parole. I think it is cheaper to keep them where they are than to send them back as recruits, for the rebel Government will release them by law from their parole and force all into the ranks who do not go voluntarily, so that we shall only have to fight and take them again.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MccLELLAN'S June 10 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Perkins, aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Butterfield, having been taken prisoners at the battle of Hanover on the 27th ultimo I applied to the Confederate general throught a return flag of truce of the enemy for his release, proposing to exchange either Lieutenant Marcus A. Throneburg, Twenty-eighth North Carolina Volunteers, or Lieutenant Neill Boahannon, of the Twenty-eighth North Carolina Volunteers, taken prisoners by us on the same day, for him. The Confederate authorities sent Lieutenant Perkins to me under a flag of truce as requested, according to the exchange the decision between the two lieutenants to be made by lot and the lieutenant to be released to be delivered to them the succeeding day.

I find, however, now that these prisoners have inadvertently been sent to the rear and have passed out of my department. Lieutenant Throneburg is the officer upon whom the lot has fallen to be exchanged and as my faith is pledged for this delivery I earnestly request that with all possible dispatch and free of all expense to himself he may be sent to City Point, on James River, there to be delivered to the Confederate authorities. He is supposed to have been sent to Fort Columbus in the steamer Star of the South about the 1st instant. Please inform me by telegraph whether my request will be complied with, and if granted please notify me of the officer's departure from Fort Columbus. The name of the officer on our list set down as Thornburg [Throneburg]. The Confederate general calls him Thorebora.

G. B. McLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 10, 1862.

GENERAL Commanding THE ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Richmond.

GENERAL: I have again to apologize for not sending the officer agreed upon for exchange with Lieutenant Perkins to you. The lot was

