
decided in favor of Lieutenant Throneburg. I have already informed you that both Lieutenant Throneburg and Lieutenant Bohannon were sent to the rear immediately after their capture. Subsequent inquiry developed the fact that upon reaching Fort Monroe they had been removed to Fort Columbus or Fort Delaware. The necessary measures have been taken to insure the return of Lieutenant Throneburg, who will be sent with all possible dispatch to City Point, there to be turned over to such officer as may be autorized to receive him. I again express my regret that circumstances not foreseen at the time should have placed it out of my power promptly to consummate the proposed exchange. I hope, however, my explanation will prove satisfactory.

With a view to relieve as much anxiety in families on the subject of the fate of their relatives as the circumstances admit I inclose partial lists* of the prisoners in our hands taken in the recent battles before Richmond. To complete these lists some 150 or 200 names are to be added, which will be furnished when received. Many of the wounded were sentdirectly to the rear and thence removed for tretment to Northern hospitals before it was practicable to take their names. I will be glad if you furnish me with corresponding statements of the prisoners you have.

I have this day directed to be sent to City Point and there released unconditionally Doctor Taylor, who was left behind by your force in attendance upon a sick man at Williamsburg. In ding so I suggest the proposition that medical officers in care of the sick and wounded should in all cases be viewed as non-combatants and should not be held liable to be detained as prisoners of war. I ask your concurrence in the proposition.

The preparation of the accompanying lists has delayed somewhat the sending in of this communication.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JNE 10, 1862. -For General Orders, No. 41, Department of the Gulf, see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 483.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Bestesville, Ark., June 10, 1862.

Brigadier General J. S. ROANE, Confederate Army.

GENERAL: I am pleased to know from your letter of the 24th ultimo that you do not approve and will hereafter prevent such atrocities as those reported at Searcy. My resentment will be confined to the perpetrators, not being disposed to demoralize my troops by making them assassins.

In regard to peaceable citizens you and the public are misinformed. I make war only on belligerents, and only take oaths and bonds to save the trouble of sending away captives.

In a civil war some doubts and difficulties arise in the determination of belligerents, especially when men disguise themselves in the garb of peaceable citizens, but in this regard I include those who are recruiting officers and engage as many have in coercing peaceably-disposed citizens to join the belligerents; also all those wh engage in funishing quartermaster's and commissary supplies to the belligerent army.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

