HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, June 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,Commanding Middle Department.

GENERAL: General Pettigrew, of the insurgent Army, was brought here this morning by an officer who had no directions in regard to him. He is wounded and needs care, and as you know there is no place here for him I have threfore allowed him to go to Baltimore to report to you and receive your instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

BUELL'S, June 12, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I have just seen the War Department order placing all paroled prisoners on leave of absence. The effect of course is virtually to disband them but still allow them pay. We have some 1,500 at Nashville that have not been allowed to disperse. If they could be exchanged they might be put into service immediately.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., June 12, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

* * * * * * *

I think the paroled prisoners at Nashville had better be mustered out of service and if the Secretary of War consents I will order it.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., June 12, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: A flag of truce from the enemy yesterday brought a communication dated Little Rock, June 8, 1862, and signed T. C. Hindman, major-general commanding, in which said Hindman set forth that he has received iformation that I have citizens in prison here whom I threaten to hang as outlaws, and that he warns me that if such threat is caried into execution against one single citizen, &amp;c., that he will avenge his death by hanging every Federal officer and soldier whom he now holds as prisoners of war, and from that time toward this becomes a war of extermination. The flag was stopped at my outer pickets and the officer bearing it not permitted to come futher.

I replied to the letter that I had no prisoners I proposed to hang but that guerrillas and robbers taken in Missouri, not Confederate soldiers and whom Generals Price and Van Dorn have theretofore utterly refused to recognize as having any connection with the Confederte Army, I proposed to try by military commission for the violation of the laws of war. Copies of both letters have been sent to you by experess.

I have received a copy of Hindman's General Orders, Nos. 2,4 and 5, published on one sheet for distribution among the country people. No. 2 transposes all State troops to Confederate service, sets forth the conscript law and orders enforcement with penalties. Numbers 4 requires all

