
to take Confederate notes at par, and establishes a tariff of prices, a part as follows: Flour $8 per ctw., bacon $25, salt $15 per sack, quinine $10 per ounce and morphime $15 per ounce.

He makes desperate appeals to the people to drive us out of the State, but that they will not be able to do. When may I look for gun-boats and supplies at Jacksonport?

[S. R. CURTIS,]

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 12, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, U. S. Army, Near Richmond:

Lieutenant Marcus A. Throneburg left Fort Columbus at 11 p. m. yesterday according to your request.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, NO. 65. Washington, June 12, 1862.

* * * * * *

Military comanders may discharge men at their own request who exhibit to them satisfactory proof of their being paroled prisoners of war. To other paroled men they will give furloughs until notified of their exchange or discharged the service.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

Resolution adopted by the confederate Congress February 20, 1861.

Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of appointing at the earliest practicable period a competent officer to proceed to the State of Texas to receive and accept the services of such volunteers as may be desirous of entering the Army of this Confederacy in said State; also into the propriety of conferring rank and pay upon all officers and privates now in the service of the United States within the State of Texas who may resign and join the Army of this Confederacy, and the time when such pay shall commence.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE. NO. 4.Montgomery, April 15, 1861.

Lieutenant Worden, U. S. Navy, having been detected in conveying secret communications of a hostile character against the Confederate States to the fleet of war vessels of the United States off the harbor of Pensacola, he will be imprisoned and held as a prisoners of war until further orders.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

