
An act of the Confederate Congress concerning letters of marque, prizes, &amp;c. approved May 6, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact:

* * * * *

SEC. 8. That all persons found on board any captured vessels or on board any recaptured vessels shall be reported to the collector of the port in the Confederate States in which they shall first arrive, and shall be delivered into the custody of the marshal of the district or some court or military officer of the Confederate States or of any State in or near such port, who shall take charge of their safe-keeping and support at the expense of the Confederate States.

TO ALL WHO SHALL SEE THESE PRESENTS, GREETING:

Know ye, that by virtue of the power vested in me by law I have commissioned and do hereby commission, have authorized and do hereby authorize the schooner or vessel called the Savannah (more particulary described in the schedule hereunto annexed), whereof T. Harrison Baker is commander, to act as a private armed vessel in the service of the Confederate States on the high seas against the United States of America, their ships, vessels, goods and effects and those of their citizens during the pendency of the war now existing between the said Confederate States and the said United States.

This commision to continue in force until revoked by the President of the Confederate States for the time being.

Given under my hand and seal of the Confederate States at Montgomery this 18th day of May, A. D. 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

By the President:

R. TOOMBS,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

Scheduleof description of the vessel.

Name: Schooner Savannah.

Tonnage: Fifty-three and forty-one ninety-fifth tons.

Arnament: One large pivot gun and small arms.

Number of crew: Thirty.

An act relative to prisoners of war approved May 21, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all prisoners of war taekn whether on land or at sear during the pending hostilies with the United States shall all transferred by the captors from time to time and as often as conveniet to the Department of War; and it shall be the duty of the Secreatry of War with the approval of the President to issue instructions to the Quartermaster-General and his subordinates as shall provide for the safe custody and susenance of prisoners of war; and the rations furnished prisoners of war shall be the same in quantity and quality as those furnished to enlisted men in the Army of the Confederacy.

