
SEC. 2. That the eighth section of the act entitled "An act recognizing the existence of war between the United States and the Confederate States, and concerning letters of marque, prizes and prize goods," shall not be so construed as to authorized the holding as prisoners of war the officers or crew of any unarmed vessel, nor any passengers on such vessel, unless such passengers be persons employed in the public service of the enemy.

SEC. 3. That the tenth section of the above-recited act shall not be so construed as to allow a bounty for prisoners captured on vessels of the enemy and brought into port unless such prisoners were captured on board of an armed ship or vessel of the enemy of equal or superior force to that of the private armed vessel making the capture.

MINASSAS JUNCTION, VA., Camp Pickens, May 28. 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from headquarters of this day's date in regard to the capture of Captain Ball and his troop I have to report that on the morning of the 24th instant about 1. 30 a. m. Captain Ball came to my quarters and reported that one of the vedettes stationed at the Chain Bridge, about three miles west of Georgetown, D. C., had informed him that a squadron of cavalry had crossed over to the Virginia shore. I immediately ordered my command under arms to await further orders. About 5. 30 a. m. an officer was sent from the steamer Pawnee, Northern Navy, to inform me that an overwhelming force was about entering the city of Alexandria and it would be madness to resist and that I could have until 9 a. m. to evacuate or surrender. I then ordered the troops under my command to assembel at the place designated by me on assuming command in Alexandria that I might either resist or fall back as circumstances might require. As soon as the troops were formed which was promptly done I repaired to the command, and then ascertaining that the enemy were entering the city by Washington street and that several steamers had been placed so that their guns could command many of the principal streets I ordered the command to march and proceeded out of the city by Duke street. Captain Ball accompanied me as far as his quarters, a little west of the rail-road depot where he halted, and I proceeded to the cars which were about half a mile from the depot, where I had ordered them to be stopped, and from orders given before marching out of the city the cavalry was to follow in my rear for the purpose of giving me information in regard to the movements of the enemy. Captain Powell followed my instructions and why Captain Ball did not I am unable to report.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. TERRETT,

Colonel, Commanding Alexandria.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 8, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ELLIS, Raleigh, N. C.

SIR: At the request of the President I write to inquire whether the State of North Carolina could not furnish a suitable place for the safekeeping of our prisoners of war. It has been suggested by the honorable Mr. Winslow that such a place might be found at Allemance,

