
between Hillsborough and Greensborough, where large buildings have been located and where the prisoners might be supported at moderate cost. Provided such an arangement can be made it is also desirable to know of Your Excellency whether North Carolina can funish, at the cost of the Confederate State, a sufficient and reliable guard for the prisoners.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT Raleigh, June 10, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: Your communication of the 8th was laid before me to-day addressed to the late Governor Ellis. Mr. Winslow informs me that after his conversation with the President ha made on his return home particular inquiries as to the proper place for the proposed depot of prisoners. Neither at Hillsborough nor at Greensborough are their any buildings of capacity suitable. Upon application at Allemance, which in every way is a proper place, he found that the proprietor objected to it and declined to permit the buildings to be used. He ascertained that at Salisbury, to which place there are railroad communications north, south, and west and where supplies are cheap, a very large and commodious building could be purchased at $15,000. It war constructed for a cotton factory, can be made secure and comfortable for about 1,500 to 2,000 [prisoners] and would probably sell for $30,000 to $50,000 when the war is over. We will furnish the proper troops to guard. Should this be decided upon it had better be witheld from the public until the purchase be made.

Our Sixth Regiment of State troops for the war, Colonel Fisher, reached her on Monday en route for Richmond, but was detained for the purpose of payin the proper tribute of respect to the memory of Governonor Ellis. It will leave to-morrow and will be subject to your orders and is now formally tendered. The Eleventh [Twenty-first] Volunteers accepted by the President is now in Danville, armed and equipped, Colonel Kirkland commanding, and awaits your orders to move. In the survey of the gun-boats belonging to North Carolina the Secretary of the Navy agress to take all but one, the Albemarle, which he says will be proper for the quartermaster's department of the Army. I refer to him for description. Will you please advise whether you will purchase her? Upon hearing from you I will forward statement of her cost.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor ex officio.
HEADQUARTERS, Yorktown, Va., June 12, 1861.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a note* from Major-General Butler propsing an exchange of prisoners. As he has but one of mine whom I recognize as a prisoners of war I acceded to his proposition only as

---------------

*Omitted here; Butler to "Officer commanding their forces at County Bridge," June 11, p. 3.

---------------

