
to him. The citiznes are men of doubtful truth at any rate. I inclose copy of my reply. *

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding.

I think the correspondnce had better be published as I am sure Butler has some sinister political object in view; at least he has recognized us as entitled to all usages of civilized war.

J. B. M.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. NO. 78. Richmond, June 22, 1861.

* * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General John H. Winder, Provisional Army, is assigned to duty as inspector-general of the several camps near this city and will enter upon duty without delay.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY-YARD, Gosport, June 25, 1861.

Commondore F. FORREST,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Gosport.

SIR: I respectfully report my return from Old Point Comfort under your order of the 14th instant. I was received and treated with all respect by Commodore Strigham, of the late U. S. Navy, but feel called upon to report the fact whilst I was awaiting a reply to my message to General Butler (to whom I was accredited and by his own request) that officer was at the Rip Raps firing on our own flag, and while the flag of truce was displayed between that place and Old Point, in total diregard of every international courtesy and usage. I was requested by an officer of the fortress to call at the Rip Raps to communicate with General Butler but persistently refursed to do so, feeling indignant at his conduct. A boat was offered me by Commodore Stringham to visit General Butler in the fort, but in the absence of an vitation from that officer I declined doing so and I left my dispatches in the hands of the commodore.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. HUNTER,

Commander.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, June 28, 1861.

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I beg you to find time and read the inclosed card which fully explains my case and if your business will allow it consider it at an early moment. We have almostenough prisoners to exchange rank

---------------

*Omitted here; Magruder to Butler, June 12, p. 3. For Butler to Magruder, June 13, and Magruder in answer, June 15, see Series I, Vol. II, pp. 681 and 686, respectively.

---------------

