
for rank for myself and men. We are perfectly familiar with all the country around here and to Arlington and might be very serviceable at this time. We are willing to serve now with what arms we can get privately till we can be supplied. We are well drilled and the men very good soldiers. We most earnestly desire to be at once admitted again to the service of our contry and sincerely trust something may be speedily done for us. I am satisfied we can be exchanged at once if it is insisted, and can promise that with our present experience we will be no mean fighters.

With the highest respect, I am, your most obedient servant,

M. DULANY BALL,

Captain Fairfax Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

If he has taken oath not to bear arms against the United States there is no way in which this department could properly consider him a prisoner of war, having been discherged upon that oath by the United States Government.

[Inclosure.]

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, June 25, 1861.

TO MY FELLOW-SOLDIERS: Having attempted without success the last act but one necessary to the vindication of a position to which I have been brought by the utter falsehood of my country's foes and the somewhat coldness of my friends the time has come when the following statement may appear.

To those who know me I need not say how galling it has been to my personal pride and love of contry to hear of the motives that have been ascribed to my conduct, and that the misfortune which I have the most bittlerly felt has been attributed to the want of those very qualities of love and faith to our cause in which to be distiguished was my higest ambition. That those who know me may see my position fairly and know that it is not due to cowardice or perfidy, not boastfully but in sorrow I make public the following facts:

When the ordinance of secession was passed by the Virgiania convention I hurried home from Richmond and in four days by strong exertions completed the equipment of my company, then hardly begun. It is well know by my men that I purchased cloth in Baltimore for uniforming them at my own expense, and that not suiting them it was left upon my hands. They know too that I spent largely for pistols and ammunition and for their comfort in many respects and paid their servants in Alexandria out of my own pocket. I refer to Mr. Taylor's certificate hereto appended for one item. To Messrs. Witmer &amp; Bro., of Alexandria I became responsible for material for jackets for the men. Had I been so base as to sell my honor for the tyrant's gold I should at least have been more chary of my own.

To my service in Alexandria and certificates appended refirring to it I can refer with pride. I know that I tried to do my duty. When the sudden move to Warrenton was ordered on that terrible night, though the last to be informed we were the first company ready and saved all our baggage, arms and ammunition. My company was noted for its promptness, reliability and good conduct. The duty of guarding at the Long Bridge and giving notice of an attack from Washington was instrusted entirely to me. I could at any time have permitted the whole force in Alexandria to be surrounded and captured. On the 24th of

