
To my friends who have so kindly and bravely sustained me I am most hertily grateful; to those who, too cowardly to serve their country though knowing I could not be false, have yet affected to think so, I have nothing now to say.

M. DULANY BALL,

Captain Fairfax Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 1, 1861.

Mr. CHARLES GREEN, Savannah, Ga.

SIR: You are hereby associated with Captain Huse and Major Anderson, now in London, in the purchase of arms and munitions of war for this Government. On your arrival in London you will exhibit this communication to them, as it is necessary that they should know this fact without delay to secure co operation. By recent dispatches they have been directed to purchase 100,000 muskets or rifles, and it is of the utmost importance that speedy shipments be made. To this point some one of you should devote special attention.

In this connection it is proper to remark that Captain North, of the C. S. Navy, is now in Europe to purchase vessels for this Government, and it is probable that being a British subject you might secure the shipment under British colors.

In securing arms it is not the purpose of the Department to restrict you to any particular locality but to urge the commisssion to proceed wherever there is any probability of success. The necessities of the Government are such as to require the utmost expedition and industry on the part of its agents.

Special directions in the nature of instructions are purposely avoided, as the Department has confidence in the discretion of its agents and must leave them free to exercise their discretion under the necessities of their position. *

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, NO. 85. Richmond, July 1, 1861.

I. Captain Theodore O'Hara and First Lieutenant David H. Todd, infantry, and First Lieutenant John Mullins, cavalry. will report for duty to General [John H.] Winder, in this city.

* * * * * *

Bu command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 2, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS, Secretary of War.

SIR: By direction of the Governor I inclose herein a copy of a letter written by me in answer to one from Frederick J. Cridland, esq., Her Britannic Majesty's acting consul at this place, relative to the supposed

---------------

*For arrest of Green, see Vol. II, this Series, p 1032.

---------------

