
protection if it desird to do lso. Neither can this Governmnent recognize you in connection with any military organization in the Confederate service, while it could not receive you as a deserter because you have never been a member of the U. S. Army and cannot therefore have deserter from it. These militia laws are not under the control of this Government and that question cannot therefore be answered here.

However great my have been the wrongs practiced or threatened upon you, however delusive the hopes with which you may have been chaeted, however perfidious may have been the conduct of those whom you arraign, that couldnot justify this Government in retaliating by perfidy or in authorizing you on its part to violate an oath solemnly entered into, or in receiving you into its service while still under the obligation of this oath; and however painful in the present case may be the consequences it is clear that for the maintenance of the public honor, which is beyond all sonsequences important, this principle must be observed.

With regard to the private wrongs which you have suffered or with which you may be threatened and the purposes whikch you may enetertain in such contingencies this Government can haven no control. If your home, your life and the lives and honor of those dear to you should be threatened or outraged this Department can have no control over the measures which you as a man may feel it necessary to take to protector to avenge them. It would sympathize with feelings and efforts, but it could lend no autholrity to your action in the name of the Confederate States.

This Department deplores equally with yourself the fatal error of judgment into which you have fallen, and the Secretary of War is willing to believe that no intention of dishonor was purposed by you or by those who acted with you. The reproach which may have been cast upon your name he trusts you may yet be enabled to remove by honorable deeds, but whatever may be his sympathies the public vernment cannot be compromised in behalf of any personal consideration whatsoever.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

Extract from Confederate Army Regulaltions, 1861-Prisoners of war.

* * * * * *

726. Prisoners of war will be disarmed and sent to the rear and reported as soon as practicable to the headquarters. The return of prisoners from the headquarters of the army to the War Department will specify the number, rank and corps.

727. The private property of prisoners will be duly respected and each shall be treated with the regard due to lhis rank. They are to obey the necessary orders given them. They receive for subsistence one ration each without regard to rank, and the wounded are to be treated with the same case as the wounded of the Army. Other allowances to them will depend on conventions with the enemy. Prisoners' horses will be taken for the Army.

728. Exchanges of prisoenrs and release of officers on parole depend on the orders of the general commanding in chief under the instructions of Government.

* * * * *

