
a lessee, with the full belief by Mr. Davis that all parties will give it the election of buing with bonds or leasing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

WM. JOHNSTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 29, 1861.

Honorable R. E. SCOTT, Richmond, Va.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 27th instant with information that Dr. Alfred Powell, taken prisoner at Manassas, is the son in-law of Colonel R. G. Ward, of Culpeper County, a citizen well know to you, and intimating that permission is desired to furnish clothing and other necessaries to the prisoner I have no hesitation in saying that upon application being made at this Department the permission will be granted. You are doubtless aware, however, that our laws entitle prisoners of war to the same rations, clothing, &amp;c., received by our own soldiers. The only restrictions imposed on them are those necessary for the prevention of their escape. Such is the practice of our Government, inspired by the feelings of humanity which ought to govern the conduct of civilized nations, and it is to be regretted that our enemies are not influenced by these considerations and that our citizens who have fallen into their hands are subject to the rigors characteristic of savage barbarity. Nevertheless, from high respect of your character and position I repeat the permission asked for will be granted whenever the application is made.

Very respectfully, your, &c.,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, July 29, 1861.

Brigadier-General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIR: The duties of my position are very heavy both indoors and out, and they are rendered still more so by the frequent changes made in the officers detailed to assist me. There have been already six officers detailed for duty with me (not including those at the prison). Of the six only one remains. These officers do not emain long enough to acquire sufficient knowlege of the details to assist me much. When it is remembered that I am charged with the inspection and control of the various camps around the city, with discharges involving all the necessary papers, with equipping the troops for the field, with the charge of all prisoners of war and other prisoners, including the reception and distributing of their wounded, besides distributing orders night and day, all of which involves a great deal of office as well as outdoor labor, it will be seen from this how necessary it is that my assistants should be permanent. I would respectfully ask that as the communication between myself and those who assist me is so intimate I may be permitted to select two or three young, active men at such compesation as the Secretary of War may designate. The writing connected with the prisoners of war is enough to occupy one person. This arrangement would have two good results-fist, it would relieve officers of the Army for other duties, and would enable me to give my attention to duties which I now find it difficult to do.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General and Inspector-General of Camps.

