
would most cheerfully relieve the Confederate Government of one of their perplexities by taking and keeping them. Under these circumstances I would most respectfully ask not to be encumbered with more, and suggest that perhaps some State further south might better do it, but make some provision ofr those already sent.

If the United States refuse to recognize the war or the captives as prisoners we must make somer provision for prisoners fighting against us wthout the sanction and pale of a lawful war. The doctrine of pirates and rebels applying to these engaged in unlawful warfare might include Northern as well as Southern States.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 30, 1861.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina.

SIR: Your letter of the 27th July has been received. The report of Colonel Johnston accompanying your letter has been received and is regarded as very satisfactory. It is preferrd by the Department that the building at Salisbury should be purchased for the Government at the price named, and the Department is gratified to learn that the owners will probably counsent to take Confederate bonds in payment. You are therefore authorized adnrequested to have the purchase consummated at an early day and to make arrangements for the necessary repairs and additions so that the building may be ready for early occupation.

It is hoped that the difficulties of which you speak in procring volunteers to act as a guard for the building may soon cease to exist. Should it continue, however, you are requested to notify this Department, as some arrangements must at once be made for this necessary service.

In conformity with your request you shall be duly notified in future of the intention of the Department to forward prisoners to your capital should that be again necessary in order that you may have time to make arrangements for their reception.

Very respectfully,

L. P. W of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, July 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor totransmit herewith a copy of a communication this day made to me by a portion of the prisoners sent here under the charge of Lieutenant Todd. To this I have made no reply, not knowing what may be the determination of the Government in such cases. It seems to me proper, however, that I should transmit this application and await instructions if any are deemed necessary.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor ex officio.

[Inclosure.]

RALEIH, N. C., Monday, July 29, 1861.

His Excellency Governor CLARK, North Carolina.

DEAR SIR: We the undersigned three-months' volunteers in the service of the United States whose terms of service have expired during

