
means of living here. The objection of my sending them to Old Point with a flag of truce is that hundreds of others are desirous of goinng. I have refused all, and shall continue to refuse every one until I receive instructions from the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., August 1, 1861.

Honorable L. POPE WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: I visited the buildings occupied by the prisoners yesterday afternoon. The upper building has on first floor fifty-two officers, including five surgeons; the latter are assisting the medical officer in his attendance on sick prisoners. The second and third floors contain 261 men. In the lower building are 551 prisoners. The police of these buildings is very bad, especially the lower one. The yard of the upper building requires much policing. From the crowded state of these buildings it is feared that a pestilence may make its appearance, and if it should the city would be the sufferer. It is therefore recommended that an additional building be has so as to make a more proper distribution for these men. I have urged opon Brgadier-General Winder the necessity of attending to the police, and I shall visit the buildings at various times to see that everything is in proper order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Acting Surgeon-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Manassas, August 2, 1861.

The parole of these doctors was taken to prevent the necessity of guarding them whilst they were attending to the enemy's wounded, with the understanding it was to be continued by the War Department after leaving here, and that they were permitted to return to their homes when their services would be no longer required on the ground that they were non-combatants and might have got off if they had imitated their fellow-officers.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

We the undersigned officers of the U. S. Army, prisoners of war, do make our unqualified parole of honor that we will not by arms, information or otherwise during existing hostilities between the United States and the Confederate States of America aid or abet the enemies of said Confederate States or any of them in any manner or form whatever until released from this parole by the Confederate States or until we are duly exchanged.

This the copy of the parole signed by the medial officers hereinafter maned: Alfred Powell, surgon Second New York; Andrew McLetchie, assistant surgeon Seventy-ninth New York; Wm. H. Wilson, volunteer assistant surgeon Second New York; Washington A. Cannolly, volunteer assistant surgeon Second New York; C. W. Le Bountillier, assistant surgeon First Minnesota; James Harris, assistant surgeon Second Rhode Island; R. A. Goodenough, Jr., volunteer surgeon Fourteenth Brooklyn.

