
U. S. Navy. The health of the prisoners will be duly provided for and they may be informed that the cruel treatment of Mr. Hudgins has constrained us to subject them to this severity.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

By order of the President.

General COOPER:

Albert G. Hudgins, midshipman; William A. Hicks, midshipman. The above young officers were taken prisoners by the enemy whilst in charge of prizes captured by the sloop Sumter, to which they were attached, and are now in prison in New York. They should be included in any arrangements mad for exchange or release of prisoners.

Respectfully,

ED. TIDBALL.

[Indorsement.]

General Cooper will please have the above officers placed on the list furnished him so that they may be included in any arrangement for exchange.

UNION MILLS, August 15, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: On the morning of the 17th ultimo when ordered to retreat from Fairfax Station my brother was taken prisoner. At the same time my servant, a colored boy, was taken by one Colonel Seibels for the exchange of my brother as soon as possible. Since then I learn from respectable gentlemen that my negro boy was seen at the quarters of said Colonel Willcox on Thursday, Friday and Saturday before the battle. I see now that said Willcox has moved and is now in Richmond. I have also learned that some negroes were taken prisoners. Will I be allowed to examine those negro prisoners and see if my boy is among them?

If this be allowed where will I find them?

With high regards,

T. A. DAVIS,

Captain Autauga Rifles, Sixth Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

Affirmative answer.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 251. Richmond, Va., August 15, 1861.

* * *

IV. Colonel Charles Dimmock will detail a company from his command to report to Brigadier-General Winder as additional guard to the prisoners of war.

* * *

By order:

GEO. DEAS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

