
Army, C. S. ; Doctor Boswell, a resident of this city, and Prof. J. B. McCaw, of the Medical College of Virginia. Since his capture he has remained at Charlottesville, Va., in attendance upon Colonel Wood, of New York, and has so conducted himself as to secure the good will of the surgeons sat that post. For proof of this he would ask you to call upon Dr. J. L. Cabell, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S. ; Dr. Edward Warren, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S. ; Dr. Alex. Rives, assistant surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S., and in fact all persons connected with the post. Whilst in 'Charlottesville he assisted the surgeons of the Confederate Army in attending the sick and wounded to the entire satisfaction of all parties. He has been so circumstanced since his capture as to remain entirely ignorant of the military plans and operations of the Confederacy and he pledges his honor as a gentleman and an officer that he has no intelligence to communicate or desire to act the part of an informer. And he is a man of family having a wife and child from whom he is separated to his infinite sorrow and toward whom his heart yearns with the most fervent affection. In view of all these facts he most earnestly entreats Your Excellency to discharge him on his parole, promising that he will use his best endeavors to secure the release of some officer in his place and pledging to give the Southern people his eternal gratitude.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. HOMISTO, M. D.,

Surgeon Fourteenth Regiment New York Militia.

[Indorsement.]

If he can procure the certificate of some of the surgeons of our Army referred to by him to sustain his statements he will be released on the same terms as the other surgeons already released.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, [VA.,] September 6, 1861.

His Excellency President DAVIS.

SIR: We, the undersigned prisoners of war from the Ohio volunteers of the U. S. Army in the Kanawha Valley, most respectfully beg Your Excellency to lend a our joint petition for liberation.

We have been taken prisoners on the 18th and 20th of August, and it has been our good fortune to fall in the hands of such gentlemen as convinced us by their gentlemanly treatment and many kindnesses that it would be the height of ingratitude and quite incompatible with our sense of honor any more to appear in arms against such. It is therefore we are all willing to take an oath not to take up arms again while the present much to be deplored war lasts. We ask this great favor at the hands of Your Excellency to escape the necessity of sooner or later proving ourselves ungrateful though unwillingly so, because an exchange of prisoners would surely force us to again appear in a hostile attitude toward a people which has our full esteem and gratitude.

Furthermore, sir, we beg leave to make an appeal to your clemency on account of the majority of us being married men to grant us the happiness of being restored to our families, and thus quiet the fears and anxiety they necessarily must feel, as any communication whatever from us to them has so far been impossible; besides this they will by this time having been deprived of their support greatly need our assistance in theses now so depressed times.

