
We are at present at the White Sulphur Srings in custody and charge of Captain Adams, commanding a company of artillery named Gauley Artillery, who has by his gentlemanly deportment and many kindnesses alleviated the evils incident to being a prisoner.

Hoping, sir, that this appeal to your clemency under the condition mentioned will find an advocate within your own generous and chivalric bosom, we beg leave, sir, to sign ourselves, most respectfully,

Your obedient servants,

EDWARD H. BOHM, Sergeant,

GEORGE WEISSENBACH,

Of Company K, Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

HANSOM M. WILLAM,

EDWARD P. TUTTLE,

EPHRAIM HANKS,

Of Company B, Twenty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

VALENTINE SHULTZ,

CONRAD SHULER,

Of Company B, Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

C. S. PRISON, Richmond, September 7, 1861.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, C. S. Army, Richmond.

GENERAL: I am obliged to report to you the escape of eleven prisoners, one of whom was recaptured: Captain J. R. Hurd, Lieutenant C. J. Murphy, Lieutenant W. H. Raynor, Privates G. W. Ward, T. J. Linigan, A. Bryant, F. Brown, J. A. French, Charles Lincoln, J. Tompkins (recaptured), Citizen W. Smith. Notwithstanding the utmost vigilance on the part of all the officers attached to this command it is impossible to keep liquor away from the guard unless the grog-shops in the neighborhood of these prisons are closed. I can account for the escape of prisoners only by supposing that some particular sentry was drunk on post. I regret too to say that it is my duty almost every day to report such cases to Colonel Ward. Can I take nos teps to close the grog-shops complained of? Every building is so crowded with prisoners that I have no suitable room in which to place the large guard when off post and hence the ease with which they can fill their canteens with whisky at the shops. In accordance with your order I intend to place recaptured prisoners in irons, but as handcuffs require to be frequently removed can I not obtain ball and chain?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Captain, Commanding Prison Guard.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 8, 1861.

Mr. JAMES LYONS.

SIR: The morning before I left Philadelphia, Pa., which was last Wednesday, Mr. N. Harrison* called to see me and requested me as soon as I had reached the Southern Confederacy to write to you for him, as it is impossible for him to write to you, and beg of you to call on either President Davis or Mr. Memminger and ask of them to send him, Mr. Harrison, as early as possible copies of the letters of marque

---------------

*See Harrison to Davis, November 20, p. 143.

---------------

