
and reprisal given by the Confederate Government to the captains of the privateers Jeff. Davis and Petrel. The prisoners, four in number, of the Jeff. Davis were taken in the Enchantress.

Mr. Harrison is counsel for all the prisoners of the privateers in Philadelphia, forty in number. He requested me to say that he was using every effort for their defense and was very hopeful of success. He also said he had written some weeks since at the request of these prisoners to Mr. James L. Pettigru and Mr. William Grayson, of Charleston, S. C., asking aid for these prisoners, who are sadly in want of clothing and other comforts. he had also sent a letter inclosed with the letters to these gentlemen to Mr. Mamminger on the same subject, but had received nithre funds nor answer to the letters. Please say to President Davis that these prisoners are much iun need of funds to supply them with necessary comforts. Any letters or funds sent to Mr. Harrison must be directed to N. Harrison, Numbers 202 Washington Square, Philadelphia, Pa., or to New York, but he did not give me his address in New York.

Mr. Harrison also requested me to say that at the solicitation of one of the prisoners, Daniel Mullings, he had written to his brother, Henry Mullings, Charleston, S. C., to ask aid of the people of Charleston. I must feel anxious until I hear. Mr. Harrison requested me to send a copy of this letter to Mr. Grayson.

Respectfully,

VIRGINIA McNEILL.

Direct to Mrs. Virginia McNeill, Lanier House, Macon, Ga.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 10, 1861.

His Honor the MAYOR OF RICHMOND.

SIR: Your attention is most respectfully invited to the fact that the escape of several prisoners from the custody of the officers having charge of the C. S. prisons in this city is by them attributed to the existence of numerous shops in the immediate vicinity where intoxicating liquors are sold to the guard. You will render a service to the Government and the country if you will be pleased to exert whatever authority you may possess for the suppression of the evil.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TYLER, JR.,

Major and Acting Chief of Bureau of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Norfolk, September 13, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: A flag of truce from Fort Monroe to Craney Island yesterday brought up the following prisoners: W . J. Ellis, P. D. McLaughlin, L. L. Henderson, prisoners released on p[arole. These men report themselves as part of Colonel Pegram's command. I have directed them to be passed on to Richmond and report to you. The following persons also came here by this opportunity: Mrs. Eliza M. Keene and daughter from Georgia, Mrs. Benthall. These two ladies had a pass from General Scott to General Wool. Mrs. and Miss Phillips, Mrs. Levy and

