
two sons, Mrs. Dennis, sent up by General Wool. A large number of letters, principally from our and to their prisoners were received by me and forwarded through the post-office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Forces.

[SEPTEMBER 14, 1861. -For Lee to Cooper, with inclosure, relating to retaliation for citizens of Virginia supposed to be executed by Union military authorities of Western Virginia, see Volume II, this Series, pp. 1379, 1380.]

EXECUTIE DEPARTMENT. Raleigh, September 14, 1861.

His Excellency President DAVIS.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of two communications from Her Britannic Majesty's consul at Charleston, S. C., on the subject of the detention by the committee of safety of Wilmington, N. C., of the schooner Carrie Sandford at that port. You will perceive that the subject involves the consideration of grave questions which concern as well the Confederate Government as that of this State. Under all the circumstances, and as I deem it very important that the two governments should be of accord in their decisions of the questions arising in the case, I submit them for them consideration of your Government and desire an early reply with which to furnish the British consul at Charleston. the committee of safety referred to is a self-constituted and unauthorized body of patriotic citizens of Wilmington, sanctioned by the public will of that community, who allege that the Carrei Sandford is not a British vessel but is carrying on an illicit commerce under a false flag, and that she is an American vessel owned at the North and commanded by a Northern master. If she were really a British vessel engaged in lawful trade under the British flag it would seem there could be no objection to her release. The committee of safety at Wilmington was established there by the people for the public security.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

BRITISH CONSULATE FOR NORTH AND SOUTH CAROLINA,

Charleston, August 29, 1861.

Honorable HENRY T. CLARK, Governor,&amp;c.

SIR: I have the honor to call the attention of Your Excellency to the following circumstances and to solicit your prompt action upon them: It appears from a report which has just been made to me by Mr. Vice-Consul MrRae that the British schooner Carie Sandford, Daggett, master, has arrived at Wilmington from Havana in ballast, intending to take freight or purchase a cargo for some foreign port, whichsoever might appear to be the more profitable. Upon attempting to carry out these intentions the master has been informed by the chairman of a self constituted body calling itself the 'safety committee" that he would not be allowed to do so, as the committee in question had passed an ordinance to the effect that no vessel would be permitted to enter

