
Wilminton in ballast and carry away a cargo. It is also stated that the commandant of the forts at the mouth of the Cape Fear River would not allow any vessel to pass without the sanction of this safety committee. Such is the case which I beg leave to submit to your consideration. I am quite confident that the intended wrong to a British vessel will be promptly and efficaciously redressed by Your Excellency. It is manifestly impossible that a self constituted body shall be permitted to assume the functions of regulating foreign commerce which are delegated to the Congress of the Confederate States and it is needless to observe that no law has been passed by that Congress which would be violated with the departure with a cargo of this British vessel. I have therefore to request that orders may be transmitted to Wilmington that the lawful trade of the Carrie Sendford be not interfered with.

I have the honor to be, sir, Your Excellency's faithful and obedient servant,

ROBERT BUNCH,

Her Majesty's Consul.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BRITISH CONSULATE FOR NORTH AND SOUTH CAROLINA,

Charleston, September 11, 1861.

Honorable HENRY T. CLARK, Governor, &amp;c.

SIR: I did myself the honor to address You Excellency on the 29th ultimo with reference to the alleged refusal on the part of a so called committee of safety at Wilmington of permission of a British vessel, the schooner Carrie Sandford, to take in a cargo and proceed to a neutral port. In my letter I pointed out the extreme irregularity of the proceedings of this committee and requested you interpose your authority without delay that the vessel should suffer no wrong at the hands of citizens of North Carolina. A fortnight has elapsed without any reply from Your Excellency, and as time is of the greatest consequence to the interest involved in this question I take leave to call your attention to it and to solicit your speedy action upon it. Other British vessels have as I am informed arrived at Wilmington since the Carrie Sandford, and it is absolutely necessary that I should be informed of the course which Your Excellency intends to adopt. If you propose to sanction the proceedings of the self constituted authorities of Wilmington I should at least with to be acquainted with the fact. If as I cannot doubt you shall see fit to reprobate them it is only fair that the masters of the vessels should not be unnecessarily delayed. The blockade of the port of Wilmington is and has been totally ineffective from its commencement. Of this the best proof is furnished by the numerous arrivals and departures of vessels. It can surely not be in the interests of North Carolina to put in the way of neutral trade those obstacles which the Government of the United States fails to create. Besides which North Carolina to put in the way of neutral trade those obstacles which the Government of the United States fails to create. Besides which North Carolina has not the right to do that. She can only carry out such a pretension by incurring a heavy responsibility toward those with whose lawful commerce she interferes. Your Excellency is doubtless aware that the Confederate States has opened all the ports along the coast to neutral vessels, thus inviting the very trade which the citizens of Wilmington seem disposed to reject.

I have the honor to be, sir, Your Excellency's obedient, humble servant,

ROBERT BUNCH,

Consul.

46 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

