
custody of the marshal of the district, &amp;c., who shall take charge of their safe keeping and support at the expense of the Confederate States. On the 12th of July the undersigned as Attorney-General issued a circular of instruction to marshals in relation to prisoners of war and persons captured at sea, in the sixth section of which it is declared that-

The expense of maintaining and transporting captives taken at sea in accordance with these instructions (referred to) will be paid by this Department (viz, Department of Justice) on the rendition of proper vouchers, &c.

These instructions, of whit copy is inclosed, were approved by the President and are therefore the law for your guidance in this case.

Very respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 17, 1861.

General BENJAMIN HOUGER, Commanding, Norfork, Va.

SIR: I am instructed to state in reply to your inquiry of the 14th instant that the prepayment of letters from Lincolnite prisoners is unnecessary as this responsibility will rest upon the authorities at Fort Monroe. With regard to Southern prisoners our postage law approved July 29, 1861, appears to cover the case. That law provides that-

Letters * * * transmitted through the mails written or sent by any officer, musician or private of the Army engaged in the actual service of the Confederate States may be transmitted through the mails to any other place in the Confederate States without prepayment of postage, but leaving such postage to be collected upon delivery, &c.

This law also contains a proviso requiring all letters so sent to be indorsed with the name, and that they shall be on account of the individual sending them. Such endorsements must also contain a description of the party sending the same by stating his military title if an officer, or if a private or musician, his company and regiment. The letters you have received are probably unsealed and the requirements of this proviso may be supplied under your direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND ISNP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 157. Richmond, September 19, 1861.

* * *

IV. Second Lieutenant T. T. Grayson, C. S. Infantry, will report for duty to General J. H. Winder for the purpose of accompanying a detachment of prisoners from this city to New Orleans, La.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

