
the Saint Nicholas I again accompanied him on a second expedition. I was captured by Governor Hicks and the Dorchester Guards at Cambridge, Me., confined with Colonel Z. in Fort McHenry about seventy days, when I effected an escape. Springing from the ramparts I sprained my ankle. I am nearly convalescent. When fit for duty I will report in person.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. ALEXANDER,

First Lieutenant, Provisional Army, C. S.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 4, 1861.

Lieutenant G. W. ALEXANDER, Richmond, Va.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 2nd instant I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that he is happy to hear of your escape from Fort McHenry and trusts you will soon recover from the injury received in leaping from the wall.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., October 4, 1861.

Honorable W. L. UNDERWOOD.

SIR: I write this note at the instance of Governor J. L. Helm, who tells me that you desire an assurance that your civil rights and personal liberty shall be guaranteed from any interference of troops under my command. Such a guaranty is not necessary, because I have heretofore had the pleasure of assuring you that you should suffer no molestation from the troops under my command and because it is not the policy of the Confederate Government to imitate the acts of inhumanity so uniformly practiced by the authorities of the United States Government. Since, however, you desire some further assurance I now have the pleasure of saying to you that as far as my authority can be exercised you will be protected by the Confederate forces in all the rights of any other freeman as long as you choose to remain at home on terms analogous to those on which Governor Helm is permitted to return to his home.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 4, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War.

SIR: In reply to the letter of General Winder of 3rd instant to you and sent to me by you for report I have to say that materials can bee furnished for comforts at less than the current price of blankets. I respectfully egest that the superintendent of the prison be authorized to receive the materials and that the prisoners be required to make comforts for themselves.

Your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

