
[Indorsement.]

Order that prisoners be supplied with comforts ready made and not required to make for themselves.

J. P. B.

NORFOLK, VA., October 5, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Colonel Wright, from Roanoke Island, reports that on the 1st October he and Captain Lynch with three steamers and 150 men, Third Georgia Regiment, fell in with and captured the Lincoln steamer Fanny, 2 officers and 48 men, loaded with quartermaster's and commissary stores and ammunition. What disposition shall I make of the prisoners?

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General.

GREEN SPRING DEPOT, October 5, 1861.

Mrs. CRAIGeneral

MADAM: the treachery of your husband to his native State has caused all his real and personal estate to be forfeited and none of either now within Virginia can ever be claimed by him. What was of perishable nature and convenient to remove has this morning been taken away for the use of the Confederate States under a law passed by that Government which it was my duty to execute. Respect for your sex, madam, prevents me from putting you to the inconvenience of being suddenly deprived of your household goods, but it is my duty to notify you that you must immediately quit the land which now belongs to the Confederate States. If you fail at once to avail yourself of timely observance of this notice it will be my duty to enforce the laws against you and your family as soon as my other duties will give m leisure so to do. As it would be painful to me to deal harshly even under the mandate of the law with a lady and her children I hope you will at once respect this notice.

Respectfully, madam, your obedient servant,

ANGUS W. McDONALD,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding, &amp;c.

RICHMOND, VA., October 6, 1861.

General B. HUGER, Norfolk:

If you have any means of providing for the prisoners taken by Captain Lynch you are desired to do so. We are too much crowded here already.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HEADQUARTERS, Romney, Va., October 6, 1861.

Messrs. THRASHER, EASTMAN AND OTHER CITIZENS OF OLD TOWN:

The temper and policy of the State of Virginia and of the troops within her borders has heretofore been to forbear from hostile invasion of the soil of Maryland. As the commandant of the C. S. forces at this point I have endeavored faithfully to square my conduct with this policy. In one instance have the forces under my command seized a

