
citizen of Maryland upon Maryland soil. This was done under an impression (which subsequent events have tended to show was erroneous) that he was the leader of a company banded together for purposes hostile to the State of Virginia. With this exception I have regarded the soil of Maryland as sacred and shall so continue unless the action of her own citizens or of those whom she tolerates within her own limits should reluctantly impel me to a different course. It is a notorious fact upon this border that the loyal son of a loyal and good citizens of Springfield and carrying off all of their horses; that these things were done while they were bringing some salt from Green Spring Depot to this place. The safety of our own citizens from further outrages requires that these acts should be followed by the punishment which their authors so richly deserve.

The property of Craigen, the chief of the band and as a traitor to the Commonwealth, by our laws has been confiscated. As an officer I have felt it my duty to assist in the execution of a law made for the protection of our citizens by taking possession of his property. This has been the authority for the act. If Craigen shows himself not a traitor his property (an inventory of which has been carefully taken) will be returned to him. I now repeat that, representing the policy of Virginia and of the Confederate States, my purpose toward Maryland is peaceful. I shall be exceedingly pained and reluctant to continue a system of border and retaliatory warfare commenced by armed bands issuing from the Maryland shore in raids upon ours. Let us alone and we will let you alone, but if these acts of which I complain shall be repeated my duty requires that I shall do what is in my power for the protection of our citizens, and if with this end in view it should be required of me to enter with my command upon the soil of Maryland I shall not hesitate to do so and retaliate in such manner as I am bound to protect, even to the destruction which they may be gathered and quartered.

Very respectfully,

ANGUS W. McDONALD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade at Romney.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 7, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. MYERS, Quartermaster-General.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that the prisoners of war be supplied with comforts already made up and that they be not required to make them for themselves.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 8, 1861.

Brigadier General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Your letter of the 5th instant announcing the capture of the Federal steamer Fanny has been referred to the Secretary of War, who

