
CHARLESTON, October 24, 1861.

C. G. MEMMINGER, Esq.

MY DEAR SIR: I have been requested to do what I am sure is hardly necessary, and that is to recommend to your attention B. F. Evans in case there is any exchange of prisoners. He has great claims on the Government as a useful and enterprising citizen, and one who has adventured a good deal for the public service. I am gratified to find how general and strong is the popular confidence in the Government and its administration, notwithstanding the fault finding of certain corespondents and newspapers. You may depend upon it the heart of our people is all right in that regard.

Very truly, yours,

W. D. PORTER.

[Indorsement.]

This letter is from the President of our Senate, a gentleman well acquainted with public opinion.

[C. G. MEMMINGER,]

Secretary of the Treasury.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Milledgeville, Ga., October 24, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: When His Excellency received your telegram the other day in reference to obtaining a suitable place to confine or keep 200 or 300 Federal prisoners in this State Captain T. W. Brantley (a copy of whose letter I herewith send you) was in this office, and I now send you by direction of His Excellency the copy of his letter that you may correspond with the parties named by him on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. WATERS,

Sec. Ex. Department.

[Inclosure.]

MACON, GA., October 24, 1861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN.

SIR: I made inquiries to-day concerning a secure place for the confinement or retention of prisoners. I found one place large enough for the accommodation of 200, and it is the only one that can be procured in this place I think. For particulars more minute apply to Messrs. Adams &amp; Reynolds, of this city. I leave for Camp Harrison to-night.

Your humble servant,

T. W. BRANTLEY.

P. S. -The place referred to is at present occupied by Davis Smith as a negro mart.

T. W. B.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., October 25, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN, [Acting] Secretary of War:

On inquiry have not been able to find a building suitable for the prisoners. Will continue my inquiries and should I find any which will answer shall advise you.

A. B. MOORE.

