
RICHMOND, October 25, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,, Montgomery, Ala.:

Your dispatch received. I am told you have at Tuscaloosa, the former capital, not only legislative buildings but an insane asylum and a military institute-all unoccupied. We are greatly embarrassed by our prisoners, as all accommodations here are required for our sick and wounded. It would be a great public service if you can find a place for some if not all of our prisoners. We have now over 2,000 here.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, N. C., October 25, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War.

SIR: I had the honor of some correspondence with your predecessor, the Honorable L. P. Walker, about the purchase of a prison depot in this State. The site selected was a factory house and grounds in the suburbs of Salisbury which the proprietors agreed to sell to the Government for $15, 000, payable in Confederate bonds. There was some difficulty about the immediate possession of one of the houses. A high plank inclosure will have to be erected around it and some preparation for the guards or servants which may cost some $2,000 or $3,000 more, and will then I suppose provide for 400 or 500 prisoners, but outside of the factory houses accommodation could be made for as many more, depending upon the extent of ground inclosed and the height and security of the inclosure (the ground is estimated at seven acres). The amount of land privilege (seven acres) would enable you to make the most extensive accommodations.

I had no State troops to appropriate for a guard and no provision was made to enable me to keep up such an establishment, and upon notifying Mr. Walker of it the further negotiation of it ceased. The increase of your prisoners of war may render a renewal of this negotiation desirable. If so I tender you my assistance or refer you immediately to Colonel William Johnston, of Charlotte, who conducted the negotiation before.

I have some forty prisoners here that were sent me by your predecessor who gave me no notice whatever until they were brought here and no further preparation has been made for them than guarding them in the Fair Grounds, which requires all thecompany of volunteers to be detailed for that duty and they have been fed and clothed. If there is no prospect of their exchange or discharge by parole I must ask for some winter quarters for them.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

RICHMOND, October 25, 1864.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I had this morning a personal interview with His Excellency President Davis in relation to the discharge home of Colonel Wood with whose position and views you have been made acquainted. The President referred me to you on the subject. At what time to-morrow will it be agreeable to you to see me at your Department? I refer you to Honorable James Lyons, Mr. Bledsoe or any prominent citizen as to myself.

