
From my knowledge of the views, sentiments and feelings of Colonel Wood I am assured in my own judgment that it will be sound state policy to send him home, where he will be an efficient advocate in detail management for the speedy recognition of the independence of the Confederate States. Of his determination and ability to do this I am thoroughly convinced. It may be proper for me to assure you that I am not in this matter acting either as the personal friend or a retained counsel of Colonel Wood, but purely from my conviction of what will benefit our cause at home and in the North.

Respectfully,

J. H. GILMER.

COLUMBIA, S. C., October 26, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN, [Acting] Secretary of War:

The mayor of this city informs me we can take not more than 200 prisoners in the city jail, and after we remove two regiments from here to the sea-coast in a few days 200 of the better class can be accommodated at the fair grounds provided a sufficient guard be stationed. Of course you will inform me in advance so the jailer can provide rations for them. Let me know. Please do not forget the furlongs promised our members of the Legislature by the President.

F. W. PICKENS.

RICHMOND, VA., October 26, 1861.

Governor F. W. PICKNS, Columbia, S. C.:

Very glad you can help us so much with our prisoners. Please send me the name of some good person to appoint as commissary to supply rations to the prisoners. You are also authorized to enlist into our service a company of volunteers not exceeding eighty men for special service as guard for the prisoners under the act to provide for local defense and special a service, at page 34 of Laws of Third Session. I beg you to see that the company elect good and steady men for officers. I will send 200 men on Monday or Tuesday and the remainder to be held at the Fair Grounds as soon as you give me notice. General orders have been issued to give furloughs to members of Legislature.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 27, 1861.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your favor of 25th instant, which greatly relieves this Department from serious embarrassment in relation to prisoners. I inclose you a letter for Colonel William Johnston, of Charlotte, containing my instructions to him. As soon as you are assured that Colonel Johnston has purchased the property I beg you will enlist a company of from 80 to 100 volunteers under the act of Congress, Numbers 229, of third session, "to provide for local defense and special service," for special service as a guard for the prisoners. I will when I send the prisoners have them under guard till they are delivered up to the special service guard, and will send with them an assistant commissary in order to furnish supplie relieve

