
you of all care of the prisoners now at the Fair Grounds who will be removed to Salisbury with the others. I am much indebted for the interest you have taken in the matter and will thank you for any furhte suggestions that may occur to you on the subject.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 27, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM JOHNSTON, Charlotte, N. C.

SIR: The Governor of North Carolina assures me you will be good enough to serve the Government in relation to the purchase of the property at Salisbury recommended as suitable for holding our prisoners of war. I therefore take the liberty of sending you the following instructions:

First. Purchase the factory with its grounds, stated to be about seven acres, for the price of $15,000 proposed, payable in Confederate bonds, first assuring yourself that the titles are indisputable.

Second. Arrange by contract at once for putting the buildings into condition for receiving as many prisoners as can fairly be lodged in it, as well as for reasonable winter quarters for a company of 80 or 100 men to be enlisted as a special guard.

Third. Inform me by telegraph the instant you complete the purchase and I will send an officer of the government to examine and report what further inclosure, buildings, &amp;c., can be advantageously erected, with the view if possible of making the depot sufficient for the reception of some 2,000 prisoners.

Please answer if you will do this service for the Government and oblige,

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, S. C., October 27, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN, [Acting] Secretary of War:

On looking at the jail I think 150 prisoners as many as ought to be in it for the present. There are two rooms that could be used for four officers. I therefore hope you may not send more at present.

F. W. PICKENS.

October 28, 1861.

Major J. L. CALHOUN, Montgomery, Ala.

SIR: See Governor Moore and arrange for having the accommodations for prisoners at Tuscaloosa he telegraphed* the Secretary of War about. Secure at the same time quarters for 80 or 100 men as guard to the prisoners. Telegraph me the moment you have all things ready so that the prisoners may be sent off from here to Tuscaloosa.

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

