
COLUMBIA, November 1, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN, [Acting] Secretary of War:

I telegraphed at your request the name of Jerome M. Miller as commissary for prisoners and guard and Doctor Boatwright as surgeon. I have never received a reply. Please let me know, as they wait.

F. W. PICKENS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, N. C., November 2, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War, &amp;c.

SIR: I inclose herewith a communication from Colonel Johnston from which it will be seen that the property at Salisbury has been purchased for the Confederate Government. You can at once send on an agent with the purchase money, take charge of the property and begin to put [it] in condition for the reception of prisoners.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, &c.,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[Inclosure.]

RALEIGH, November 2, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: On yesterday I received through the Governor of this State your communication in relation to the purchase of the Chambers Factory property in the town of Salisbury. I have just had an interview with the proprietors of the property, and the contract for the purchase is made upon the terms mentioned in your letter, viz, $15,000, payable in Confederate bonds. The parties are now preparing the deed, but as Davidson College is a joint owner of one-third of the property the seal cannot be affixed before Thursday next for its final execution. The Government is, however, invited to take immediate possession of the property and make such repairs as may be necessary for the reception of the prisoners. It might be satisfactory to the owners to send the bonds with the agent sent to Salisbury to make the repairs to whom the deed can be delivered. In the meantime such engagements as you advise will be made for material for inclosing the ground. D. A. Davis, esq., casher of the Bank of Cape Fear, at Salisbury, and agent of Davidson College, has kindly offered to render any assistance to the Government or its agent in the premises. He is a good business man and entirely reliable and rarely absent from the town. I mention this for the convenience of the Government, as my residence is Charlotte, forty miles southwest of Salisbury. Shall be pleased to serve the Government further in any matter.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

WM. JOHNSTON.

CHARLOTTESVILLE, November 2, 1861.

Colonel MEMINGER, Secretary, &c.

DEAR SIR: I heard some time since the Government was negotiating for the factory buildings at Salisbury with the view of keeping prisoners, but from some cause was broken off. From what I hear from a gentleman at Salisbury the property may be bought for $12, 500 and securely inclosed so as to cost less than $15,000. If so the Government

