
Question. You have spoken of him as the lieutenant. Did he give himself that title?

Answer. He told me that he was lieutenant and gave me his name.

Question. And therefore you got his title from himself?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was that done when he first came on deck?

Answer. No, sir; afterwards; after he had got aft and took the captain's papers. Question. Aft on board your vessel?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did he say who his captain was; did he give the name of the captain of the brig?

Answer. He did not.

Question. You have mentioned that when you got on board the brig she was called the Jeff. Davis; was that her name?

Answer. She had no name on her; they gave her that name.

Question. You have described a good many things that you saw wen you got on board - arms, &amp;c. ; did you see or did they speak of a commission which they held?

Answer. Not tomy knowledge any further than when boarding the schooner the officer said, "You are prize to the Confederate brig Jeff. Davis; " nothing further than that.

Question. You have already said that she had all the appearances of a vessel of war in her equipments, armament and everything?

Answer. She had.

Question. How many days were you on board of her?

Answer. Three days.

Question. How were you treated?

Answer. As well as could be expected under the circumstances.

Question. I do not ask what your feelings were, only the actual fact as to your treatment.

Answer. We were not ill-used after going on board.

Question. I have not heard you describe any circumstance of ill-usage in your capture. There was nothing that occurred that you have not stated, I presume. Was there no other violence used than what you have already indicated by an officer coming on board with men and directing your surrender, &c.?

Answer. None other.

Question. In regard to the Enchantress did you part company with her on the same evening? Youmentioned that about 8 o'clock when it was dark you went on board the brig and then you parted with the Enchantress, and therefore you have not personal knowledge of the course she took?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Can you give us some general idea without reference particularly to the chart but with reference to some neighborhood island or land where you were when you were captured on that occassion- whereabouts you were; in what waters?

Answer. From200 to250 miles southeast from Nantucket, South Shoal.

