HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, Va., November 12, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

[Acting] Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions* all the wounded officers have been exempted as hostages to await the result of the trial of prisoners captured by the enemy at sea. I have therefore made selection by lot of Capts. H. Bowman and F. J. Keffer to replace Captains Ricketts and McQuaide, wounded.

The list of thirteen will now stant-Colonels Lee, Cogswell, Willcox, Woodruff and Wood; Lieutenant-Colonels Bowman and Neff; Majors Potter, Refer and Vogdes; Captains Rockwood, Bowman and Keffer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond November 13, 1861.

D. A. DAVIS, Esq., Salisbury, N. C.

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your favor of the 8th instant. I beg to return thanks to yourself and Colonel Johnston for your trouble and your kind offer of further services in connection with the purchase of the prison depot at Salisbury. In a few days an agent will leave with the bonds who will be authorized to receive the title deeds.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

MONTGOMERY, November 13, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War:

In obedience to your order received by telegraph Lieutenant John L. Worden has been released on parole to report to the Adjutant-General C. S. Army at Richmond, Va.

J. L. CALHOUN,

Assistant Quartermaster.

RICHMOND, VA., November 14, 1861.

Captain H. McCoy, Assistant Quartermaster, Richmond.

SIR: You will proceed without delay to Salisbury, N. C., and take charge of the buildings and grounds purchased by the Confederate Government at that place for the accommodation of prisoners of war. Fifteen thousand dollars in Confederate bonds will be placed in your hands for payment for the property under the arrangements made by the Secretary of War for this purpose.

You will confer with Colonel William Johnston, of Charlotte, N. C., who was requested by the Secretary of War to complete the purchase. Colonel Johnston was on strutted to assure himself that the title to the property was indisputable, and also to arrange by contract for putting the buildings into condition for receiving prisoners of war as well as

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

