
to furnish quarters for a company of 80 or 100 men as as special guard. If the title deeds are good and the papers are all properly executed for the transfer of the property you will receive them from Colonel Johnston and have them placed upon record.

You will further proceed at once to do whatever may not have been done by Colonel Johnston under the instruction to him above recited, viz, to arrange by contract for putting the buildings into condition for the reception of prisoners of war and accommodation of the guard. You will also examine and report what further inclosure, buildings, &amp;c., can be advantageously erected with the view of making the depot sufficient for the reception of about 10,000 prisoners.

The first section of the act of Congress, Numbers 181, provides that the Quartermaster's Department shall provide for the safe custody and sustenance of prisoners of war, and the rations to be furnished them shall be the same in quantity and quality as those supplied to enlisted men in the Army of the Confederate States. Five thousand dollars will be furnished for disbursement on this account.

Copies of the Regulations for the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments are herewith given you as guides in the discharge of your duties.

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

RICHMOND, November 14, 1861.

A. T. BLEDSOE, Esq.

MY DEAR SIR: I desire to know whether it is allowable for me to see Colonel Wood, now as you know in confinement, my purpose being simply to see him and, as far as is consistent with the public policy, to contribute to his personal comforts. I am in no way acting as his advisor or counsel, but merely desire to see him as one gentleman can properly see another situated as he is. If allowable to see him please send me permit.

Very respectfully,

J. H. GILMER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,November 14, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIR: Referring to my letter of yesterday inclosing correspondence with Flag-Officer Goldsborough concerning the exchange of prisoners I now send you a copy of his letter* of yesterday in reply; also a copy of my answer dispatched to him this morning. The correspondence explains itself, and I hope my answer meets the approval of the Secretary as my intention was to follow exactly the instructions contained in his letter to me of the 16th of October-nothing more or less.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted here; Goldsborough to Huger, November 13, p. 134, and Huger's reply November 14, p. 135.

---------------

