
another boat to the Maryland shore. Up to the time of my going down the bank to the island to cross to Maryland I had scarcely attracted any attention, but at this point when about to enter the boat a captain, who seemed to be superintending the embarkation of the wounded, when being told that I was a prisoner, exclaimed, "Hang him. " Being told again that I was a prisoner he repeated the exclamation. This appeal was not seconded by any voice that I heard. From the Maryland shore I was conducted to the camp of the California Regiment and placed near a fire. Shortly after I was handcuffed and taken to a small tent, when the handcuffs were removed. At daylight on the following Tuesday morning the men of the brigade in large numbers assembled around my tent and for three hours abused me with the vilest imprecations. Some of the brigade officers visited me afterwards, when there was a partial cessation of the abuse. In the afternoon near sundown a captain of cavalry and a lieutenant came to me and said that I was to be taken to Poolesville and that in obedience to orders they would be compelled to pinion my arms. I replied that I had seen a number of their officers prisoners in our amps and never saw one of them offered such an indignity and that I protested against the treatment. My lows were then pinioned together and under guard of a lieutenant and four men I was conducted to Lieutenant-Colonel Wistar, on the road to Poolesville. I called his attention to my arms being pinioned. He said that if I would promise not to attempt an escape my arms should be loosed. I gave the promise and my arms were untied. Arriving at Poolesville I was taken to the camp of the Massachusetts Fifteenth. The next morning, Wednesday, for a few hours I was insulted both by officers and men. After breakfast I was sent in a wagon down to General Stone on the river. He asked me what treatment I had received, and upon being informed expressed regret. After remaining here a few hours I was sent back to the Massachusetts Fifteenth and during the remainder of my stay in their camp had no cause to complain of my treatment, owing I suppose to General Stone's orders. General Stone afterwards visited me, making inquiries concerning my comfort which he seemed desirous to promote. The next Monday I was sent under a strong escort to Washington and there imprisoned in the Old Capitol building. I effected my escape from that prison Tuesday, November 5, arriving here yesterday. I have made this detailed statement, my treatment being in the cases I have stated so much at variance with what I had expected with usage and our treatment of their prisoners. I beg leave to remark that both the political and military prisoners in the Old Capitol Prison by their intelligence and dignified deportment reflect honor upon our country and our cause.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. OWENS BERRY,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Virginia Volunteer Regiment.

FAYETTEVILLE, N. C., November 16, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America, Richmond, Va.

SIR: The European Governments generally have by proclamation forewarned their respective subjects from participating in the war no in progress between the Confederate States of America and the United

