
States, informing them if they do so it will be at their own pevernment will consider all such subjects out of their protection, &amp;c., and liable to such punishment as may be inflicted upon them by those against whom they take up arms. Now, sir, as the Army of the United States is being recruited and is already to a great extent composed of citizens of other Governments (not having been in the country long enough to be naturalized) I respectfully suggest to Your Excellency that an effectual way to stop this augmentation and prevent those Germans and other foreigners from aiding our enemies is to declare by proclamation that all foreign born persons not legally naturalized in the United States found in arms aiding the said United States in the present war against the Confederate States will be considerate as interlopers, and if taken will not be treated as legitimate prisoners of war but be subject to such punishment as the Congress of the Confederate Government may prescribe, which should be death.

These suggestions are made and Your Excellency's better judgment can determine the policy of adopting them or no.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. McRAE.
HEADQUARTERS, Memphis, Tenn., November 20, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL, C. S. Army,Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: As I stated in my letter of the 17th instant I was obliged to move the prisoners from the first place I had them put on account of the person who owned the building objecting so violently to having his house used for that purpose. the house where I now have them is the only suitable one in the city and the quartermaster pays $30 per day for the use of it. Would it not be best to send them to Baton Rouge, as they would be much more secure and less expensive?

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain of Cavalry, C. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., November 21, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: Lieutenant Worden reported on the 18th. I dispatched him under a flag of truce on the 19th to Flag-Officer Goldsbrough, with a letter saying he would be considered released from his parole on Lieutenant Sharp being sent to me on the 20th. On the 20th Lieutenant Sharp was sent up by Commodore Goldsborough.

I addressed a letter to Commodore Goldsborough embodying your instructions to me concerning the exchange of Lieutenant Kautz for Mr. Stevens, of South Carolina, and others, prisoners of state, and forwarded it to him on the 19th instant with which he returned my letter of 16th. As he states the proposition to exchange Mr. Sevens for Lieutenant Kautz was made on his own responsibility and without even the knowledge of his Government I could not accuse that Government of acts which its representative assures me they were not awae of. I therefore addressed him the letter dated 21st,* copy inclosed.

---------------

*Omitted here; Goldsborough to Huger, November 20, p. 139, and Huger's reply, November 21, p. 139.

---------------

