
Should he make any further propositions I will submit them to you before replying. I did not like to break off all communication and leave no opportunity of effecting the release of our unfortunate countrymen, but it is difficult to deal with one who asserts he acts on his own responsibility and offers to release prisoners on his own terms without even the knowledge of his Government.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., November 21, 1861.

Captain E. GRISWOLD, Assistant Quartermaster, Richmond.

SIR: The Secretary of War having appointed you an assistant quartermaster and designated you for duty with the prisoners of war at Tuscaloosa, Ala., you will proceed without delay to that place via Montgomery, Ala., and enter upon your duties. You will report at Montgomery to Major J. L. Calhoun,, assistant quartermaster, who has made all necessary arrangements preliminary to the arrival of the prisoners at Tuscaloosa. You will obtain such information from him as will enable you to perform any duty in connection with this subject which may not have been already completed under Major Calhoun.

To defray the expense to be incurred in providing quarters and subsistence for the prisoners you will make out requisitions for funds and transmit them to this office. You will forward the reports and returns by the Regulations of the Department to this office at the period prescribed. The act of Congress, Numbers 181, provides that the safe custody and subsistence of prisoners of war shall be provided for by the Quartermaster's Department, and directs that the rations furnished shall be the same in quantity and quality as those furnished to enlisted men in the Army of the Confederacy. Five thousand dollars is placed in your hands for the performance of your duties in this connection.

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,November 23, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: On the 22nd (yesterday) a flag of truce was received by which came to me Messrs. Stevens, of South Carolina, and Loyall, of Virginia, lately lieutenants in the U. S. Navy. I inclose herewith a copy of the letter* of Commodore Goldsborough which came up with them, which is his reply to mine of the 21st instant, a copy of which has been sent to you.

Unless instructed otherwise I will under your former instructions release Lieutenant Kautz, U. S. Navy, from his parole in place of Mr. Stevens, and if you place Lieutenant Selden at my disposal I will release him I place of Mr. Loyall. Two officers of the Navy were sent to richmond from here, Lieutenant Peacock (Volunteer Navy, I believe) and Master's Mate Abbot, who might be exchanged in place off Messrs. Butt and Dalton.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted here; Goldsborough to Huger, November 22, p. 140.

---------------

