HEADQUARTERS, Memphis, Tenn., November 26, 1861.

Captain E. D. BLAKE, C. S. Army,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward to you the inclosed letter from Captain B. Crabb, Company H, Seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers, now confined at this place as a prisoner of war.

The prisoners have up to this time been very well satisfied and have given very little trouble, but the expense of keeping them is very great. As I sent you a statement a short time ago of what had to be paid monthly for the use of the building they are confined in, if some arrangement could be made as spoken of in Captain Crabb's letter it would save much trouble and expense. If deemed necessary I hope you will forward letters to General A. S. Johnston.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain of Cavalry, C. S. Army, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

MEMPHIS, November 26, 1861.

Captain ADAMS.

SIR: I am authorized and requested by the officers and privates now prisoners of war under your charge to apply to you and through you to the proper military authorities for a release with the privilege of returning to our homes, the privates to make oath not to take up arms against the South until exchanged or otherwise discharged from said obligation, the officers on their parole of honor according to the usual form subject to exchange. Your early attention and favorable consideration is requested by,

Your most obedient servant,

B. CRABB,

Captain Company H, Seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MARINE CORPS,Richmond, Va., November 26, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Norfolk.

GENERAL: The Secretary of the Navy being exceedingly anxious for the release of the officers named below from the confinement in which they are held by the United States Government would be glad if you would make a proposition to that effect whenever an opportunity offers of communicating with the commander of Fort Monroe. On the release of these officers a like number of U. S. officers of corresponding grade will be released by the Confederate States Government: Captain Robert Tansill, Captain John R. F. Tattnall, Second Lieutenant T. S. Wilson, late U. S. Marine Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD J. BEALL,

Colonel, C. S. Marines.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, November 27, 1861.

Major General BENJ. HUGER, Norfolk.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of 23rd and 25th instant. I have caused Lieutenant Selden to be released

