
on parole and ordered to report to you that you may send him to Commodore Goldsborough in exchange for Lieutenant Loyall. mr. Abbot will also report to you with a view to having him exchanged for Mr. Butt or Mr. Dalton. Mr. Peacock has been sent South, but you may use his name in exchange also and I will telegraph to have him sent here if accepted. I entirely concur with you that the exchange of Butt for Captain ricketts would be unequal. You are authorized to offer Ricketts for De Lagnel as you suggest. The position of these two officers is precisely the same as I am informed, both of equal rank, both severely wounded and their exchange would be entirely equal.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

P. S. -I inclose a letter* to be forwarded by flag of truce.

RICHMOND, VA., November 27, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: When in your office this morning I omitted to mention to you that before I left home (Salisbury, N. C.) I saw Captain McCoy, who was sent out to examine and prepare the old factory for a prison. It is much out of repair and will not be fit for the safe keeping of prisoners for a long time. I see from the morning papers that some prisoners are to leave here to-day for that place. If such an order was issue it ought to be countermanded for the place is wholly unfit for their safe keeping.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

BURTON CRAIGE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, Va., November 27, 1861.

General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to send to you Lieutenant Selden and Master's Mate Abbot, both U. S. Navy. I send them under parole, which you can relieve if you think proper.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., November 27, 1861.

We, the undersigned officers of the U. S. Navy, prisoners of war, pledge our word and honor that we will not by arms, information or otherwise during the existing hostilities between the United States and the Confederate States of America aid or abet the enemies of the Confederate States or any of them in any form or manner whatsoever until released or exchanged.

GEO. L. SELDEN,

Lieutenant, U. S. Navy.

WILLIAM A. ABBOT,

U. S. Navy.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

