
prisoners of war does not draw them from the commissary stores but is compelled to purchase them in the market and thus is brought into competition with the Commissary Department. I submit that as the duty of providing the sustenance of prisoners is more germane to that department and could be more conveniently and legitimately performed by it, the necessary alteration in the law should be recommended to Congress to authorize the transfer of this duty to the Commissary Department. (Act of Congress, Numbers 181.)

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 38. Mill Springs, Ky., December 7, 1861.

The commanding officers of the several corps and detachments infantry, cavalry and artillery in this command will report immediately the number and names of the prisoners of war they may now hold under guard, reporting at the same time in writing whatever evidence there may be against said prisoners and the circumstances under which they were captured.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

Joint Resolution of the Texas Legislature approved December 9, 1861.

Resolved, That we highly approve of the promptness with which the President of the Confederate States has made preparation to retaliate in the event that the Lincoln Government should execute as pirates any or all of the crew of the privateer Savannah, and we express the decided opinion that retaliation should be strictly and rigidly practiced by our Government in all such cases.

Resolved, That the Governor of the State transmit a copy of this resolution to our members in the Confederate Congress and that they lay it before President Davis.

N. H. DARNEL,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

JOHN M. CROCKETT,

President of the Senate.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., December 9, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: I inclose herewith: first, copy of letter* received from Commodore Goldsborough dated December 7, 1861; second, copy of my answer* to the same; third, copy of a letter+ dated 26th of November from Colonel Lloyd J. Beall to me; all relating to the exchange of prisoners.

A waiting your instructions, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted here; Goldsborough to Huger, December 7, p. 155, and Huger's answer December 9, p. 156.

+Beall to Huger, p. 747.

---------------

