
Prime, of Engineer Corps, General Buell's staff; W. A. Hudson, corporal, in Colonel Hoskins' Kentucky regiment, all captured on the 5th instant by Captain Bledsoe with ten of his cavalry company, aaccompanied by Colonel S. S. Stanton. George W. Proutt, A. C. Keck, J. M. Higgins, John O. Hwkins, Mathias Henry, James Blair, George Barbher, Andrew J. White, William Halliman, John H. Bowman, C. W. Crane, William G. Gibson, William S. Keys, Thomas Halloway, all of the Thirty- fifth Ohio Regiment, and N. Buchanan, of WOlford's Kentucky cavalry, all captured on the 8th instant near Somerset by a cavalry detachment headed byC olonel Stanton and Lietuenant-Colonel McClellan. L. Zimmerman, of Colonel Hoskins' regiment captured a few days ago by an infantry picket. Van Buren Hopkins, taken with a Federal musket in his hands, on a visit home to his family near Monticello from Columbia. He denies that he belongs to any organized regiment but is said to be a bad man. E. McFall (captain), Isaac Dickens, James Dickens, John Dickens, Jonathan Williams, J. L. Stockton, Jacob Shoot, Thomas J. Dickson, N. W. Croselins (all of a home guard at louisville), Mancil Garrard (of Wolford's cavalry regiment) and Ephraim Walker (East Tennessee Lincolnite), all captured at Louisville on the 11th instant by a cavalry detachment commanded by Major W. F. Brantly. These prisoners and otehrs were stationed at Louisville; had their breast- works and flags flying and daily fired on our cavalry picketing across the river at Rowena. Lafayette Brown, captured by CaptaiN ROwan in Blesoe County. he confesses that he wuld join the Lincoln forces if they invade East Tennessee and is charged by citizens there with threats to kill persons of Southern sentiments. Jasper Lee, captured near Crossville, E. Tenn., by Captain Rowan. He is a member of Captain Sullivan's Tory COmpany and was armed when discovered.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brtigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., AND WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 23. Near Pensacola, Fla., December 14, 1861.

The prisoners of war now confined at Montgomery, Ala. (excedpt Major VOgdes), will be immediately transferred to the prison depot at Tuscaloosa, Ala., and the guard now stationed at Montgomery will be mustered out of service.

By command of Major-General BraggL:

GEO. G. GARNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 16, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Yur letters of the 10th* and 13th instant have been submitted to me by the Adjutant-General.

* * * *

3. No objetion will be made to your granting the of avor asked by Doctor King and his wife. I agree with you that a contest of cruelty

---------------

*Not found; the paragraphs omitted have no reference to prisoners of war.

---------------

