
who was taken prisoner by COlonel Ahsby at Harper's Ferry on the 16th of October. He belongs to COmpany A, Twenty- eighth Regiment Pennsuylvania VOlunteers; that hemust be bourgh up to Leesburg and the exchange made opposite the Point of Rocks, where Aerthur was captured.

Arthur Dawson (at first confined in Fot McHenry) is now confined in Fort Warren, near Boston. Pratt was recently and is yet I suppose a prisoner in RIchmond. May I venture to hope that the honorable Secretary of War will give a favorable consideration to this application in behalf of tis young soldier and his widowed motehr, and will permit me to return her an answer of promise that her request shall be granted as soon as the necessary arrangements can be made!

Very respectfully,

EDWARD S. JOYNES.

NOTE. - Prepare letter to Mrs. Dawson informing her that as soon as Colonel Geary has her son in his possession I will send Pratt to Point of Rocks for exchange for young Dawson.

[J. P. BENJAMIN.]

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,

Richmond, Va., December 17, 1861.

General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to send Captain Ricketts to you for exchange with Captain De Lagnel. I inclose a copy of the letter* of the Scretary of War. Mrs. Ricketts accompanies the captain. I send also two boys, Thomas Wilkinson and Charles Smith, sons of officers of General Sickles' army. They are sent to you to be returned to their parents unconditionally. The Rev. mr. Mines goes on parole until the 1st of February, then to return unless exchanged. Send Michael Fenessy, one of the crew of the brig Betsy Ames left here sick. He goes on parole not to serve until exchanged. I send the letters in two packages, one from prisoners andone from other persons, the latter for your decision as to the propriety of sending them.

Resepctfully, your obedient ervant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 17, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

The undersigned begs to represent that on the 24th of October last his tobacco warehouse on Cary, near Twenty- fifth street, in this city was taken by General Winder as a prisonfor the use of the Goverment. Upon application to General Winder he has been refered to yourself for compensationf or the use of said property and he now respectfully requests your attention to the case.

Your obedient servant,

W. H. GWATHMEY.

[Indorsement.]

Write him to present his account.

J. P. B.

---------------

*Not found, but see Benjamin to Huger, December 16, p. 754.

---------------

