
I am pleased to know that no other prisoners are to be forwarded to Tuscaloosa. it cannot acommodate more than are already there.

With high regards, I am, respectfully, yours,

JOHN GILL SHORTER.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., December 23, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have honor to transmit heewith copy of a leter from ol. Lloyd J. Beall, C. S. Marine Corps, and to request that measures be taken to effect the release or exchange of Lieutenant Sayre.

I am, respectfuly, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretaryof the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

I respectfully recommend First Lieutenant William Dickinson, Third Regilmetn U. S. Infantry, to be exchanged for Lietuenant Sayre, Marine Corps.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MARINE CORPS,Richmond, Va., December 21, 1861.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR; I beg leave to bring to your notice the case of First. Lieutenant C. L. Sayre, of the Marine Corps, who whilst gallantry fighting in an engagement with the enemy on Santa Rosa Island, Fla., was severely wounded and taken prisoner. He is now at Montgomery, Ala., on parole the condition of which is that he is to return to Fort Pickens as a prisoner of war as soon as his wound will permit him to do so unless exchanged for an officer of like grade. As I a informed that his wound is rapidly imroving I respectfully request that measures may be taken to relieve Lieutenant Sayre from the necessity of going back into the hands of the enemy.

Your obedient servant,

LLOYD J. BEALL,

Colonel, C. S. Marine Corps.

FORT WARREN, December 23, 18612.

Honorable W. N. H. SMITH.

MY VERYDEAR SIR: I heard from llyou a few days ago through Lieutenant Wise and was exceedingly glad to hear from you. Colonel Martin has left us with 250 iofficers and men on parole, their parole to be discharged when a similar number of Federal prisopners shall be released by our Govrernment. I know you ardently desire to see me and to gratify that wish you will urge the release of the requisite number to keep this exchange going, for upon the discherge of such nubmer we shall all receive sailing orders.

Our men have suffered gretly from disease. They have encountered measles, typhoid pneumonia, bilious fewver, mumps and finally small- pox, of which later plague twenty have been the victims. The sick, old and infirm have, however, been sent home and we now have near 400 men. The fall has been unusally mild and not much ucomfortable

