
is certainly very objectionable and censurable, yet I know you will pardon the solicitude I feel for my son who still remains at Fort Warren with a determination on his part to stay with his men until the last one is released, as he writes me. He is a second lieutenant and he and his captain are the only officers of his company who were captured. They acticipate much suffering at Fort Warren from the rigors of a northern climate. My son's company has already been unfortunate in the loss of eight of their men since they were captured.

I understand we have now at Fort Warren about 400 Hatteras prisoners and ay I suggest that in case the President determines to exchange whether we had not better at once send 650 or enough for all the Hatteras prisoners (of which you are no doubt well advised) and thereby insure themore speedy release of our prisoenrs. I hope you willexcuse this letter and suggestion to the paternal anxiety of a fond fatehr. We are gratified to know that the spirits of our bous have not been broken, but they are now as anxious as ever to meet the enemy again when they can honorable do so.

I have the honor to be, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASA BIGGS.

[Indorsement.]

Write Judge Biggs a friendly letter. I would rejoice to help him exchange his son and would have no objectionwhatever to take the first step the way he mentins, but I believe this would defeat his object. The enemy will donothing that we show any anxiety to effect.

I am sure if we do nothing they will soon send the rest.

J. P. B.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., December 27, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: A flag of truce was sent up yesterday from Fort Monroe and brought Dr. James W. Herty, late of the U. S . Navy. He was sent to me by Flag- Officer Goldsborugh with a letter* (copy inclosed) and the pledge of Doctor Herty not toserve, &amp;c., and he is to return within fifty days if not sooner exchnged. May I beg the favor of uyou to notify the Secretary of the Navy!

Veryr espectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, December 27, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: l As desired by you I redue to writing some promises that I made while a prisoner at Fort Warren, Mass., and which I agred to call to your attention.

Doctor Peters, the surgeon of the post, desired me tp procure the release for one of my men a man named Gorham Noble, of the Seventy- first New york State Militiaa. Doctor Peters was very kind and attentive to my officers and men and the request is for his personal garatification.

---------------

*See Goldsborough to Huger and inclosure, p. 170.

---------------

