
Thereare a good many semaen confined at FOrt Waren taken from merchant vessels attempting to run the blocakade. I inclose the list made by oe of them for me:

Drs. Jeffery, Page and Lindsay, late navy srgeons of the U. S. Nvy, desire to be released upon some terms; prefer to be exchnged, as theyare anxious to go into service; were confined for refusing to take the oath to the United States Government. Captain Tansill, Captain Tattnall and Lieutenant Wilson, late of the Marine Corps of the United States, are also confined at FOrt Warren for refusing to take the oath. Theydesier to be exchanged and go intoservice. Lietueantns Forrest, De Bree, Glassell, Myers and Ward and Midshipmen Claiborne and Wahrton, late of the U. S . Nvy, are also condined for refusing the oath. They desier to be exchnged and to go intoservice. I was desired by all these gentlemen to call their cases to the attention of the War Department and ask your exertion to get them out of prison. Theyare gallant men and deserve attention.

I promsied also to iform the Department of the acts of kindness of some of the itizens of BOston to my men. When we first got to Foret Warren no preparation was made for us. I had many sik among the men. The citizens of Boston or ssome of them furnished the hospital with everything required for comfoprt, andin additiona bout $800 worth of clothing, most of which was given to my men. Afriend of Mr. S. Teackle Wallis, of Baltimore, a resident of BOston, sent to him some thosuand dolars' with of clothing, which he distributed among the sailors and my men.

Through the members of the Maryland Legislatyure confined at Fort Waren I redived fromt the citizens of Bltimore formy men very large contributions of clothing and hospital deliecacies.

I am, sir, yors, &amp;c.,

WM. F. MARTIN,

Colonel 7th Regiment N. C. Vols., late Prisoner of War at Fort Warren, Mass.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., December 27, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I took the liberty of propsing to Major-General Wool, presuming it would meet your approval, to exchnge Lieutenant G. W. Grimes, Sevnth North Carolina Regiment, now a prisoner of war at Fort Warren, for Lieutenant I. W. Hart, Twenthirth Indiana Regimen, now a priosoner of war at RIchmond. I have just received a letter from General Wool in reply acknowledging the receipt of my proposal; that he had forwarded it to Wahsington and he presumed that a favorable answer will be returned.

I ask in this case your approval of my proceedings, and remain,

Veryrespecttfully, your obedinent servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, December 28, 1861.

General H. H. SIBLEY.

(Care Quartermaster, San Antonio, Tex.)

SIR: No list of the officers or men belinging to the U. S. Army who were captured by Colonel Baylor innew Mexico, and who it is understood were released on their parole, has been received at this office.

