SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. A ND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 7. Richmon d, January 9, 1862.

I. Surg. Edward G. Higginbotham, with the concurrene of Brigadier-General Winder, commanding Deaprtment of Henrico, will resume his duties at the prison hospital in this city.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, January 9, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMI, Secretary of War.

SIR: When it was first proposed to establish a prison depot inNorth Carolina there was such a local prjudice against such an establishment that I hesitated to give any aid or sanction to it; but since it has been established I am informed that the prejudice has been entierely removed. I do not know how many prisoners we may be belssed with, but if it is desirable to remove all of them form Richmond I am informed that the prison depot at Salisbury willonly accommodate a part, about 800 or 900, without building extensive outhouses for them. The grounds in Salisbury are sufficiently large sixteen acres) for any buildings temporary or otherwise that would be needed; but should it become necessary for more extensive acommodations, and as building and improving are always expensive, particularly now for the went of materials, I would suggest the purchase of Olin College, in the adjoining county of Iredell. Whenever such a purchase or any similar arrangement should it be desirable at the present time to institute any inquiry on it. Mr. Love informs me that Captain McCoy, quartermaster at the post, is now inRichmond, and will recommend some more extensive preparations for the prisoners and some such purchase as this, and hence this suggestion as to the purcahse of the Olin College in Iredell.

Most respectfully, yours,

HENRY T CLARK.

JANUARY 11, 1862.

I take pleasure in saying that I fully unite in what Governor Clark has said as to Mr. Love. Olin College is some thirty- five miles north-west of Salisbury, twelve miles from the railroad leading west from Salisbury. I am well acquainted with the section of the country and the locality named. It is healthy and in a cheap and highly productive country.

THS. BRAGG.

Olin Academy, Iredell County, N. C.

Locality. - Thirty-five miles northwest from Salisbury, twelve miles from Statesville, nearest point to North Carolina Railroad; healthy, abundant and fertile country.

