
Building. - Brick, 80 by 100 feet, there and a half stories high; basement, four rooms and a chapel; rooms, 25 by 30 feet; passage, 20 feet; chapel, 50 by 80. See plat.

Second floor same, except a gallery running around the chapel; third floor in two rooms for the school- rooms, with seats and desks for 250 pupils, entered by two flights of stairs from oppposite side of the building from the passage; the whole building well lighted with large windows and heated by thirteen stoves, with pipes running through, at a prime cost of $500, the whole in a state of good repair.

Land. - Ten acres, two large two- story dwelling houses, eight rooms in each; excellent well; firewood abundant and cheap, say from 75 cents to $1 per cord.

OFFICE OF SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

New Orleans, January 10, 1862.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP, Commissary General, Richmond.

SIR: I have the honor to ask to be informed whether a soldier taken prisoner by the enemy and released on parole not to be in arms until exchanged is entitled to draw subsistence, whether in kind or by commutation, when near a station other than were his company is.

Resepctfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. LANIER,

Major and Assistant Comissary of Subsistence.

RICHMOND, January 10, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: Ihave the honor to inclose papers* relating to the cases of Captain Drew and Surgeon McGregor, now confined in Columbia, S. C. These papers were forwarded to me by the surgeon in attendance on the prisoners. I will take the liberty to say that Captain Drew was quite sick when he arrived and continued so for a long time, and that his health was feeble when he left here.

Respectuflly, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

COLUMBIA, S. C., January 6, 1862.

General WINDER.

DEAR SIR; You will probably remember me as the captain you carried from the cars to the Richmond House on the arrival of the prisoners from Manassas after the battle. Your kindness to me during the long, painful sickness that followed will ever be remembered and is

*Paper in regard to Surgeon McGregor not found.

