
the reason of my presuming to ask a favor of you now. I have waited patiently for my Government to exchange me, but growing impatient and sick I wish to try for myself. You can materially aid me by conveying the inclosed letter to the Secretary of War and second my request. As I shall return to my college it may be arranged by one of the professors (also a captain) who was paroled by McClellan in Western Virginia being released from it. Whatever you can do for me will not be forgotten by,

Your humble servant,

J. T. DREW,

Captain Cmpany G, Second Vermont.

[Sub- inclosure.]

COLUMBIA, S. C., January 6, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I wish to take my parole of honor not to say or do anything to injure the COnfederate States until I am honorably relieved from it by exchange. I will also pledge my word as an officer and a man that if I do not procure the release of a COnfedrate officer ofequal rank to returnin my place South 	within thirty days after my arrival at our lines I will return and surrender myself again a prisoner of war. My reason for this course is that as my health has been so much impaired I shall not be able to do duty and so desire to return to my studies in college. But I do not wish to do so until I am exchanged and if I can be in Wshington a few days I can accomplish it.

Veryrespectfully, yours,

JOHN T. DREW,

Captain Company G, Second Vermont.

PORTSMOUTH, VA., January 10, 1862.

Major-General HUGER.

SIR: I received a letter from President Davis through his aide, Colonel Lee, informing me to have an interview with yourself respecting the exchange of my husband, Dulany A. Forrest, late lieutenant U. S . Navy, now prisoner at Fort Warren. Colonel Lee says: "If the Federals will consent the President will be willing to offer prisoners taken on the battle-field in exchange for our officers," and says you will pleas notify this to General Wool and offer a captain of the Federal Army for Lieutenant Forrest. You will therfore greatly oblige me by attending to this immediately and thus have my husband released from prison. Please let me hear from you in a day or two as to the result.

Very respectfully,

S. B. FORREST.

[First indoersment.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, January 11, 1862.

Reseptfully referred to Bigadier-General Winder with the request that he will name a captain to be offered in exchagne for Mr. Dulany A. Forrest, late lieutenant U. S. Navay.

By order of General Huger:

BENJ. HUGER, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.

49 R R- SERIES II, VOL III

