
[Seceond indoersement.]

JANUARY 14, 1862.

The name of Captain J. T. Drew, Company G, Second Regiment Vermont, for Dulany A. Forrest, late lieutenant U. S. Navy.

Resepctfully,

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, Janaury 11, 1862.

Major GEAORGE C. GIBBS.

SIR: You will proceed to Salisbury, N. C., to take the command and direction of the prisoners of war at that place and such as may be sent there. Major Gibbs is authorized to raise three or four companies to the extent of 300 officers and men organized into companies under the act for local defense and special service; these companies to be organized according to law with not less than sixty- four privates in a company besides commissioned and non- commissined officers, and regualry musterd into servie. On assuming command at Salisbury Major Gibbs will order Captain A. C. Godwin, now there, to return to this city and report to Brigadier General J. H. Winder. Such troops as are now at Salisbury and do not wish to be msuterd into the servcie as indicated will immediately be discharged.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjuant and Inseptor General.

FLAG- OFFICER'S OFICE, DOCK YARD,

Gosport, Va., January 11, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: I have the honor to state for the informaiton of the War Department that Lieutenant Dualany A. Forrest, late of the U. S. Navy, ahs written to inform me that he is now a prisoner at FOrt Warren. He lately returned from an extended crise to the Pacific in the Dacotah and upon his arival at Wilmington, Del/. resigned his comm ission to joint he navy of the Southern COnfedracy. He now awaits the action of this Gvernment in his behalf. He is a young officer whose character and qualifications recommend him to its consideration. He is a nephew of mine. I beg leave to solicit your interpositonin obtaining his immediate release by exchange with an officer of assimilated rank among the Federal prisoners.

I have the honor to be, respectully, your obedient servant,

F. FORREST,

Flag- Officer, &c.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., january 11, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Insepctor General.

SIR: I send copy of a letter* received from Major-General Wool in reply to letters I have been directed to address him concerning the exchagne of prisoners. By direction of the Secretary of War I have

---------------

*Omitted here; Wool to Huger, January 10, p. 188.

---------------

