
already offered Lieutenant William G. Jones, Tenth Infantry, to Flag- Officer Goldsborough for Lieutenant Sayre, of the Marine Corps, now on parole. General Wool also agrees to receive 147 wounded prisoenrs via James River at scuh time as may be agreed upon. I notify General Winder.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[BENJ. HUGER,]

Major-General, COmmandign.

Resolution adopted by the Confederate Congress January 13, 1862.

Resolved, That the President be requested to communiocate to COngress by what authority and under what law citizens of Tennessee are imprisoned at Tuscaloosa or other points in the State of Alabama, and whether said prisoners or any portion of them have been trasnpsorted beyond the limits of their own State without a trial, and whether in any instnace the writ of habeas corpus has been susepcnded.

HEADUQARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Bowling Green, January 13, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjuant and Inspector General C. S. Army.

SIR: Ihave in the jail at Nashville, Tenn., seventy- five persons confinded as prisoners of war. The jail at that place has not cpacity to hold any more prosoners. Under the cact of COngress approved May 21, 1861, it is my duty to report thema and ask what dispositiont the Deaprtment of War willhave made of them. The enemy immediately in my front have made no decided forward movement as yet. I am informed through my cavalry in the direction of COlumbia that the column of the enemy at that place have moved in the direction of Burkesville, and the enemy's force at SOmerset have gone forward in the direction ofsome point on the Cubmerland River above General Zollicoffer's command.

With great resepct, your obedient serfvant,

A. S . JOHNSTON,

General, C. S . Army.

[RICHMOND], January 13, 1862.

[Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, S ecretqary of War:]

The honorable Secretary of War will perhaps remiember the letter which I recently addressed to him in behalf of the excahgne of young Arthur Dawson, of Loudoun County, Va., then a prisoner at FOrt Warren. I communicated the reply tohte mother of the young man and in reply she incolses me the within letter from COlonel Geary,* the offier bywhose regiment stationed near her house her son was cptured. The other Confederate soldiers mentioned were I believe taken atthe same time with Arthir Dawson.

As I am stillsick inbed, scarcely able towrite legibly, and amynot be able to be at the War Deaprtmen for a day or two yet, and as this proposition requires I suppose immedite action, Isend it at once for the consideration of the Secretary of War. Mrs. Dawson informs me

---------------

*Omitted her; see Geary to Mrs. Dawson, January 8, p. 183.

---------------

