
in her private letter that COlonel Geary has these COnfederate soldiers already at Fredeick, Md., awaiting the answer of the COnfedrate Government.

Resepctfully,

EDWARD S. JOYNES.

CAMP CAMDEN, Near Centerville, January 14, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the COnfederate States of America.

DEAR SIR: Soon after the battle of Port Royal my brother, Edward B. Cuthebert, esq., was taken prisoner by a party of Yankees who surprised him at this plantation on Ladies Island, near Beaufort. He was immediately sent to FOrt Lafayett where he has since been confined. I write now, sir, fort h purpose of requesting youthat if any arrangements are being made for an early exchange of prisoners his name be placed upon the list. I have jsut received a letter from my brother in which he states that he was taken as a prisoner of war. Hoping that this matter may meet with favcorable consideratinand that my brother may be restored shortly to that liberty which he so ardently longs for,

I remain, your obedient servant,

G. B. CURHBERT,

Captain Palmetto Gurd, Second Reigmnt SouthCarolina Vols.

HEADQAURTERS, Memphis, January 15, 1862.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL, Assistant Adjuant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor toreport that I have secured the building on Beal street formerly occupied as a botanice- medical college at a rent of $100 per month and converted the same into a prison for the Belmont Federal prisoners confined at thei post. Ihave had the prisoners moved to the above location where they are gurded by Captain C. Sherwin's detachment recru9ts, agregate forty men. I have the honor also to report that the prisoner Owens and one other escaped from the former prison. They were soon afterwards captured and for their attmepted escape have been since kept in irons.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain, C. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., January 16, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: * * * We have here about 500 prisoners of war who are a serious nuisance. Is there a prospect of exchanging them!

Resepctfully, sir, yur obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major- General, Commanding.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., January17, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjuatnt and Insepctor General.

SIR: Major-General Wool having acknowledged the receipt of 250 prisoners (10 officers and 240 men) in exchange for the like number of

