
You will observe Lieutenant William Dickinson has been exchanged for Lieutenant Tattnall. I made this offer before I got instructions to offer him for Lieutenant Sayre, on parole, and request another lieutenant may be approved for Lieutenant Sayre.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 21, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America.

SIR: I would respectfully state that I was released on a parole of thirty days from FOrt Warren for the purpose of effecting if possible an exchange with Doctor Feletcher, a prisoner of war in this city. No other name than that of Doctor Fletcher was muntioned in the paper which I signed and which is retined at Fort Warren. I therfore feel it my duty to request that the gentleman named be exchanged for me, otherwise I will be obliged by the parole given to return into custody at Fort Warren whichit need not be said would be to me a source of great inconvenience and regret.

I have the honor to be, your most obeidnt servant,

R. W. JEFFERY,

Late Surgeon, U. S . Navy.

NAVY DEAPRTMENT, Richmond, January 22, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the hnor to inclose herwith a letter from General Huger releative to the exchange of Flag- Officer Barron, of the Navy, whose case I have verbally presnted.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of theNavy.

Inform honorable Secretary that Ihave offered a colonel in exchange.

[J. P. B.]

[Incolure.]

HEADUQARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., January 17, 1862.

Captain BUCHANAN:

I have seen an open letter from Commodore Barron to Commodoer Lynch inwhich he says:

See Huger and ask him to send me an assurance that the U. S. prisoners now confined in Texas will be released in exchange for the Hatteras prisoners here and I can arrange the affair with Colonel Dicick. Has any system been agreed on between Huger and General Wool or Commodoer Goldsborough by which I can be exchanged for two or more officers of inferiour rank! Ask Huger to write me or you do so on this subject particularly.

If you will suggest the names of suitable officers I will propose to Commodoer Goldsborough to exchange Captain Barron.

Veryrespectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER.

