
6. I decline taking into consideratinany propsition for exchagne opf our privateers taken ion our service on the high seas until there is an absolute unconditional abandonment of the pretext that theyare pirates, a nduntil theya re released fromt heposition of felons and placed in the same cndition as other prisoenrs of war. And I decline receiving any proposals in relation tothe hostages whom we are forced unwillingly totrat as felons as long as our felow citizens are so tr3eated by the enemy.

7. There are a number of anval officers wstill confined at Fort Warren for whom I would be willing togive army officers of assimilated grade. For Captain Baron I would give Colonel Hoffman, of Eighth Regiment U. S . Infantry. For Lieutenant s Julian Myers, Alexander M. De Bree, Dulany A. Forrest and William T Glassell would give captains, and for Midshipmen Henry B. Claiborne and Arthur D. Wharton I would give first lieutenatns; also for Midshipmen A. G. Hudgins and William A. Hicks. Please tender this.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

P. S . - As a number of the officers above offered are at a distance it will take some weeks to get them all to Norfolk.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., January 23, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: General Wool sent a letter yesterday offering to exchagne Lietuenant Hurt, of the Virginia Pittsylvania Cavalry, in exchagne for Lieutenant D. S . Gordon, Second Cavalry, U. S . Army. Lieutenant Hurt arrived bythe flag of truce.

Veryr espectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Rcihmond, Janaury 24, 1862.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navay.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 22nd instant the Secretary of War directs me tosay that he has offered a colonel in exchange for Flag- Officer Barron, C. S. Navy.

Very respectully, your obedient servant,

A. T. BELEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Janaury 24, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H . WINDER, Richmond.

SIR: The following- named prisoenrs of war have been given inexchagne by my orders and you are insturcted to have them sent to Norfolk toe be forwarded by General Huger to Fortress Monroe:

1. Lieutenatn-COlonel Bomford, Eighth U. S . Infantry, exchanged for Lietuenant-Colonel Pegram.

