
2. Captain Withington, First Michigan, for Captain Sutton, North Carolina.

3. Lieutenant Preston, Fourth Michigan, for Lieutenant Bell, North Carolina.

4. Adjutant Peirson, Twentieth Massachusetts, for Adjutant Poole, North Carolina.

5. Lieutenant Parks, First Mihigan, for Lieutenant Lasselle, North Carolina.

6. Dr. William Fletcher for Dr. R. W. Jeffery, Navy.

7. Dr. C. S. De Graw (now at the Norht) for Doctor Lindsay, Navy,

8. Doctor Connolly for Doctor Pae, Navy.

9 First Lieutenant R. T. Frank, U. S . Army, for First Lieutenant Thomas H. Allen, North Carolina.

10. Second Lieutenant William Booth, Second WIsconsin, for Second Lieutenant J. G. Moore, North Carolina.

11. Second Lieutenant Edmund Connolly, Sixty- ningh New York, for Second Lietu. N. H. Hughes, North Carolina.

12. Second Lietu. Charles M. Hooper, California Regiment, for Second Lietu. J. W. Hoy, North Carolina.

I am, your obedient servzant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., January 24, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, S ecretary of War.

SIR: I inclose herwith letters* from Major-General Wool received last evening by flag of truce.

Veryr espectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. HUGER,

Major-General.

WAR DEAPRTMENT, Richmond, Va., Janaury 26, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centerville, Va.

SIR: For two months past the enemy without changing professedly the views formerly announced have practivcally organized a system of partial exchanges of prisoners, which to a certain extent relieves the war of its most repulsive aspect and brings it withihn the rules established by civilized ations. It is impossible, however, for us to continue these exchanges on the plan introduced by the enemy. Iam hourly assailed by propositions from different quarters for partial and individual exchnges.

General Wool has opened a correspondence with General Huger. Commodoer Goldsborugh has done the same. I have received through General Huger within thirty days no less probably than twenty propositions, sometimes for individuals sometimes for numbers of prisoners. Each proposition involves a correspondence.

The last case before me is that of Lieutenant John L. Hurt, who comes on parole iwtg condition that the shall return to prison if not exchanged for an officer of equal rank in the cavalry service of the

---------------

U. S . Army.

*Omittd here; Wool to Huger, Janaury 23, p. 75, Vol. I, this Series, and Wool toHuger, January 234, p. 365, Vol. II, this Series.

---------------

