
I decline all the other exchanges propsed by General Wool as unequal. I will return to him volunteer officaers of equal grades with those sent us ine xchnge. If he declines this our officers will be returned to him.

Your obedient s ervant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[Indoersement.]

General Wool notified January 30.

RICHMIND, January 28, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. PERSTON, Columbia, S. C.:

You are ordered to assume command of the prisoenrs and special guard at Columbia.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secreatry of War.

RICHMOND, VA., January 28, 1862.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to request that FIrst Lieutenant Robert Campbell, Seventy- ninth New York Regiment, be granted a leave of twenty days, withing which time he shall obtain the release from his parole of FIrst Lieutenant A. R. H. Ranson, adjutant Twentireth Virginia VOlunteers, or failing to do this return to this city. The name of Lieutenant Campbell is suggested by Brigadier-General Winder, and my knowledge of the effixciency of Lietuenatn Rasnosn make s me thus urgent in his behalf.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO PEGRAM,

Lieutenatn- Colonel, Provisional Army, COnfgedeate States.

NORFOLK, January 30, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Colonel Dimick informs me that fifteen officers and 380 [oprivates] will be released from prison at FOrt Warren and sail for tis place on the 3rd Feruary. The merchant semen are also to be released.

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., January 31, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: The newspapers announce the early arrival of two gentlemen fromt the United States, Messrs. Hamilton FIsh and Bishop Ames, charged by the enemy with some mission the exat nature of which we do not fully comprehend in relaiton to the prisoners of war held by us. As these gentlemen will probably present themselves under flag of truce within your command I deent it prudent to inform you in advance of the views of the Government. You are therfore insturcted if these

