
gentlemen present themselves to direct the officer of your boat to infornm them that he will cheerfuly take cahrge of any communicationt heymay have addressed to you or any other public officer and that an answer will be sent them at Fort Monroe. If they ask to have an interfview with you the offcer will infomr them that he will communicate to you their desire for an interview and will send them an answer at FOrt Monroe whether you cn receive their visit and willask them to give him a written request addressed to you soliciting nan interview and expalining the obeject for which theyseek it.

You are requested to communicate to the Department whatever may occur between your officer and these visitors before sending them an answer, and not to premit them to come to Norfolk until you receive special instructions to that effect.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

CENTERVILLE, February 1, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Are navasl prisoenrs and privateersmen to be inclueded in arrangement for exchange!

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, February 1, 1862.

General JHOSEPH E. JOHNSTON Centeville:

Endeavor by all means to include naval men and privateersemn in arrangements for exchange.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, February 2, 1862.

Mja. General BENJAMIN HUGER, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: Your proposotion of the 30th ultimo* relative to the exchagne of Captain M. Berry, late of the New York and Charleston line of steamers and now confined in Fort Warren, for Captain J. T . Morrill, late master of the stem transport Osceola, is approved. You will please take the proper measures to have the exchagne effected.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

P. S. - Captain Morill will be sent to you immeditely.

J. P. B.

HEADUQAQRTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Bwling Green, Fiebruary 2, 1862.

Captain LINDSAY, Nshville:

Did you get my order tosend the prisoenrs to North Carolina!

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjuant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

