
receipt of these decuments andinfrom himIhad forwarded them tomy Government for instructions and will communicatewith himas soonas Ihave received their reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., February 4, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I transmit you herwith copy of letter* dated january 31 from Colonel J. Dimick, commanding Fort Warren. These 400 prisoners are I presume all that remain of those captured at Fort Hatteras. I will request General Wool to allow the trasport to run up the Roads under the white flag, and I will send a steamer along side and take the men off. I have informed that authorities at Raleigh of the intended release of these men, and suppose I had best hurry them off to their homes on parole or furlough as I have no accommodations for them here.

Veryrespectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, C. S . Army.

P. S. - I telgraphed tothis effect last night.

OFFICE OF COMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE

AND QUARTERMASTER CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Gainesville, Prince William County, Va., Feburary 5, 1862.

His Exellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the COnfederateStates.

SIR: I hope you will pardon this intrusion. A sense of duty alone impels me to write to you, and if you will not consider it presumptuous, utter a word of warning. I see that Rev. Bishop Ames, of the Methodist Episcopal Church in the United States, has accepted the appointment as one of the propsed visitors and inspectors of Richmond prisoners of war and their prisons. I know not whether they will be allowed to enter our lines and prosecute their mission or not. I do, however, know Bishop Ames. He has been for many years a shrewd and potent politician. I am myself a Methodist preacher and have been for ninteen years. I have been a member of the Baltimore Conference, stationed for some years past in Baltimore and Washington cities. I was in charge of a congregation in Baltimore when our present troubles burst forth upon us. I resigned my congregation in June and came to my native Virginia to do whatever I might for her and the South. I was immediately called into the acivities of the present struggle- first as a lieutenant in a company of mounted riflemen, then through Colonel J. E. B. Stuart's solicitations and recommednation you gave me that appointment of chaplain to the First Virginia Cavalry, and subsequently my present position upon General J. E. B. Stuart's staff as major and chief of staff to his brigade. Excuse this apparent

---------------

*Omitted here; inclosed by Wool together, February 3, p. 233.

---------------

