
announcement ofmyself rather than another, about whom I propsed writing. I hope it will enable you the better to appreciate the feeble montions Idesire to exrpress and the motives that prompt it.

For many years the Methodist Episcopal Church, of which I am an humble minister, has been fearfully agitated and cursed by the same calss of fanatics that have now brought this fterrible disaster upon the nation. It was in vain that we of the border strove to stem this maddened current. It swept onward and onward despite all varieties of pleadings and remonstrances, bearing down one safeguard after another, till it reached its culmintion in the legislation of our late general conference, held in Buffalo last May one year. Subsequently the ministers and the laity of our conference voted themselves from underthe jurisdiciton of the said general conference. In all this protracted controversy Bishop Ames' suympathies, and indeed most of our bishps, were with the North. IO know BIshop Ames to be an uncompromising antislavery man not to say abolitionist. He with other members of the bench of bishops sought to impress upon the present President of the United States and his Cabinet upon their accession to power the fact that the Methodist Church, very numerous in the North and West, had peculiar claims upon the Gvoernment for a liberal share of the spoils of office, as they had so largely onctibuted to Mr. Lincolkn's election, atthe same time disavowing any particular claim upon the outgoing Administration. I migh detail many facts to corroborate this representation of the dangerous and corrupt antecendents of this high church dignitary but I fearit might weary you. Suffice it to say that I am positively certain from personal knowledfge that Bishop Ames, with many others whom I might name of high position inour church in the North, hvae aided most fearfully by the influence of their position and theirknown sentiments to augment thepower of the abolition pa, and to precipitate the horrid and unnatural alienation and bloody war in which we are now engaged. We are now forced to the terrible necessity in the vindicationand defvnese of our most sacred and cherished rights to sarifice many of the best and noblest of our broghers upon freedom's altars; but let us mennwhile beware of those who have forced us intothis attitutde of defense against the most iniquitous and oppressive tyranny ever attmpted to be imposed upon a enlightened people.

Allow me in onclusion, Mr. President, to warn you against this astute politician, whoin the garb of a Christin minister and with the specious plea of "humanity" upon his lips, would insinuate himself intothe very heart of that Gvernment whose very foundation he would most gladly sap and estroy. You can make any use of this oetter your jdgment dictates, andif you deem it nworthy of attention you will pardon the liberty I have takenin view of the patriotic motives which have prompted it. I reseptfully refer you to Wyndham Tobertson, esq., of your city, if you deem it necessary to know me further before considering the information I have communiated.

Most respectfully, yur obedient servant,

DABNEY BALL.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, February 6, 1862.

Hons. JAMES A. SEDDON and CHAS. M. CONRAD.

GENTLEMEN: I have received through GenerLhuger 9to whom communication was made by General Wool, the enemy's commander at

