
charge all released prisoners fromtehplace of their confienemnt to the point at which they are transfered the United States Government except in cases where a conveyeance by ship has been resorted to leaves our own men when discahrged to find their way to Fortress Monroe at their won expense exclusively. This is very unequal and would have proved a source of great inconvenience to our fofficers admen but that ehy were able to borrow funds to meet their expenses of friends in the northern cities. If the practice is persisted ion at the North it may ocasion no inconsiderable troubel herafter should other of our soldiers be captured and carried to distant places.

Veryrespectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. N. H. SMITH.

HEADUQARTERS WESTERN DEAPRTMENT,

Bowling Green, Febraury 9, 1862.

Captain PRIME, U. S. Army:

GeneralJohnston in making your exchange and permitting you to rejoin your army by themost convenient line expects that no nformation you have gained by inteercaoure permitted with friends in Nashville or observatins made in your journey will be used by you to the prjudice of this army. Be pleased to comunicate this to major Helveti.

Resepctfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. HACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,

Richmond, Va., Febraury 10, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SRI: Colonel W. J. Willey, Thirty- first Militaia Virginia Volunteers; Colonel M. J. Feguson, One hunddred and sixty- seventh Regiment Virginai Milita; Lieutenant William B. VCompton, on General Garnett's staff, and Private Hurston Spurolc,, have just arrived from prison at Wheeling. The proposition is to exchagne Colonel Willey for Colonel Woodruff; Colonel Feguson for Lieutenant-Colonel Neff; Lietuantn Compton for Lieutenant Comly, Ohio, and Private Hurston Spurlock for some private. Paroled for sixty days to endeavor to effect the exchagne.

Resepctfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., Febraury 10, 1862.

Brigadier Gne. J. H. WINDER,

Commanding Deaprtment of Henrico.

SIR: General Martin has written me a letter in refernce tothe excahgne ofLieutl. l Thoams H. Allen which I herwith inclose* I find that we offer Lieutenant Frank, U. S. Army, for Lietuenatn Allenand have written toGeneral Martin that Lieutenant Frank has been sent

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

