
on ship bisuit and water only. At this place our fare is but littel better, being one of the coarsest kind and as filthy as it is possible to imagine. My object in this instance is to call upon you and the proper authorities to see if you cannot do something to relieve us fromour sufferings. All of us are ready and wiling at any moment to do all that lies in our power to assist our country in defending its rights to the fullest extent ofour ability. The people of this Island are at least two thirds in favor of the South, but they have been compelled to take the oath of allegiance to the Northern Government and are continually watched with the strictest vigilance. There are now 3,500 Northern troops on the Island and many more expected daily. Anarchy reigns rampant on this Island.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

A. LILLY.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Mobile, Ala., Febraury 12, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmodn, Va.

SRI: Upont he reciept of Lietenatn- Colonel Blount's report (with your indoresement) of a threatened conspiracy in Winston COunty, Ala., I dispatched aninteligent officer to Montgomery to confer with the Gvernor of the State, and from there to proceed to Tuscaloosa to investigate the condition of the prisoenrs and inspect them ad their place of confinement. He returned last night and makes me a very satisfactory report. Lietuenatn-Colonel Blount had previously made similar repoprts to myself and Governro Shorter, whifh iponinvestigation early in January proved to have liettle or no foundation. I inclose you a copoy of my instructions and the reply of the commanding officer of the guard at Tuscaloosa made att hat time. He consieders himself and command, as well ast he prisoners, independent of my authority, as they were ordered there by General Winder and were not reported to me. But I shall assume such jurisdicatin as may be necessary for the security of the place. The guard is in very bad health, resulting mostly from measles, but the citizens are adiding and I do not deem any additio necessay, especially as the prisoners cannot escape fromt he country even if they do from the prison. Two recently tried it and has to surrender in a starving condition. It is not inapporpriate for me to remark that I had no knowledge of Lietueant-Colonel Blount's command being in the COnfederate service, and have now directed him to make all reprots and returns to and through my headuqarters so as to save you from these matters of detail.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Near Pensacola, Fla., January 4, 1862.

Captain E. GRISWOLD, Commanding Prison, Tuscaloosa, Ala.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd ultimo, inlosing a list of prisoners sent from Montgomery and Pensacola. The general commanding wishes you to furnish

