
these headquarters with a complete list of the prisoners condined at Tuscaloosa, and laso to make a monthly report of the guard, its strnght, condtin, &amp;c.

* * * *

Very respectfully, &c.,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DEPT OF ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Near Pensacola, Fla., February 1, 1862.

Captain E. GRISWOLD, Commanding Prison, Tuscaloosa, Ala.

CAPTAIN: I am driected by the general commanding to call your attention to a letter addressed to you on the 4th ultimo requiring a report to be mad this office of the nubmer of prisoners confined at Tuscaloosa, and the strnghth of the guard. Together with a list of the prisoners you will send a monthly report of the guard, and continue to do the same as called for in my letter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Tuscaloosa, Febraury 5, 1862.

Major GEORGE G. GARNER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: Yours of the 1st of Febraury, 1862, calling my attentio to a communication addressed me by you on the 4th of January last, and inlosing copy of a Special Order, Numbers 41, issued by Major-General Bragg, is received. The delay in answering your s of the 4th of January arose fromt he difficulty in finding a proper agentunder General Bragg's instrucitons to proceed to the reported disaffected district to obtain the information he requires. It was necessary to procure an intelligent and relieabe man acquinted with the habits of that people. There are, I find, but few suchmenhere who have often visited and are familiar with the people in that neighborhoodLL. After considerable necessay delay I found that a Mr. Jon Winston, fof Eutaw, represented as a reliebel and cometent preson, wasgoing to that vicinity on business. As directed by General Bragg I gave him verbal instructions to ascertain if the rumored encapment esxisted, its extent and purpose, and the general sentiment of the people in that partofthe country, and particularly whether any open or ltent hostile views likely to do injury toour cause existed there. Immediately after his return and report, I was obliged to go to Montgomery to raise money upon a sanctioned estimate to procure supplies for the prisoners, it being impossible to procure funds here. The report of this agent was of such a nature that I did not deem it important to require them to put it ion writing. He reports that there had been a gathering in a comp professedly for hunting; that none now existed; that while a large number of the people are Union men everything was quiet and no hosite entiment likely to be injuriojus existed. In regard to that portion of your communication of the 4th ultimo instructing me to make a monthly report, &c., I referred

