
Was he exchagned for Tattnall and is it understood that Lieutenant Jones is to be exchagned for Sayre! I again call your attention to this matter and request that you will make an early eply.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMI,

Secreatary of War.

P. S. P- By the terms of Lieteantn Sayre's parole he was to be exchanged for Dickinson and it may be well to inform the enemy that that excahgne is considered as already made and that Jones is now sent for Tattnall.

RICHMOND, Febraury 145, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

SIR: The bearer of tis, W. M. T. Thompson, was a private in the Second Mississippi Regiment and was taken prisoner at the battle of Manassas. He was subsequently relased on his parole. Please give a prisoner for him and thsu relieve him from his parole.

Your obedient servant,

ROBT. OULD,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HEADUQARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norlfok, Va., Februray 14, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIR: A small steamer that went to Roanoke Island with a falg of truce arrived tis morning with the bodies of Capts. O. J. Wise and Coles andLieutenant W. B. Seldn. It brings me a letter from General Burnside* stating that he took over 2,500 officers and men ad propsoes to release them at once on parole until exchanged. I have accepted his proposal. I also have a dispatch from Brigadier-General Wise. He had abandoned the position at Currituck Bridge and fallen back to Currituck Court- House. I understand he will further fall back to Great Bridge. In another letter he speaks of moving across toward Elizabeth City. I have no news of any movements of the enemy on the Chowan.

I have the honor to be, with great resepct, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

P. S. - I also send copy of a letter+ received from Major General Wool yesterday on the subject of exchanges.

B. H.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., February 15, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: * * * *

There are 500 blankets remaining here which were not issued tothe prisoners of war when the other articles sent byt ehUnited States Governmetn were distributed. I had ordered a supply of blankets,

---------------

*Burnside to Huger, February 12, p. 256.

+Omitted here; Wool to Huger, February 13, p. 259.

---------------

