HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,February 24, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that according to your instructions I sent on the 19th instant under charge of Lieutenant Colonel Nat. Tyler to Fort Monroe the following prisoners of war for exchange against those sent from Fort Warren, viz, 15 officers, 1 non-commissioned staff, 379 rank and file, 4 negro servants.

In addition to these Beriah Pratt was sent in exchange for Arthur Dawson, as agreed with Colonel Geary, and W. Diggerman for William M. T. Thompson. The officer authorized to receive these prisoners has recepited for the same, which seems to complete the exchange.

Lieutenant Samuel Irwin, Second New York State Militia, offered in exchange for Lieutenant William Shaw, in now on his way from Tuscaloosa, Ala.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

PECAN GROVE, CARROLL PARK, LA., February 24, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIR: By order of General A. S. Johnston I have placed under the citizens' guard at Memphis the prisoners captured at the late battle, Fort Donelson. They were transported by boat to Nashville and thence by rail to Memphis. Besides those slightly wounded (about 100 in number) left in Nashville for hospital care, I landed in Memphis with 118, of whom 7 were commissioned officers, 1 major, 2 lieutenants and 4 captains.

Very truly and respectfully,

D. P. BUCKNER,

Acting Aide-de-Camp to General S. B. Buckner.

P. S. - I shall rejoin in a few days our much disorganized and scattered army at Murfreesborough, Tenn.

[D. P. B.]

C. S. STEAMER SUMTER,

Bay of Gibraltar, February 25, 1862.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navy, Richmond, Va.

SIR: * * * On the 8th of February I sent the paymaster on shore to purchase a supply of coal. Very much to his surprise as to my own he found the market closed against himby a combination of merchants brought about by the U. S. consul * * * With this view, on the 19th instant I dispatched [the] paymaster of this ship for Cadiz. Mr. T. T. Tunstall, a citizen of the Confederate States and who had been several years previous to the war U. S. consul in Cadiz, being in Gibraltar volunteered to accompany Mr. Myers. They took a French passenger steamer, and the steamer having stopped on her way at Tangier, in the Empire of Morocco, for a few hours they went on shore for a walk and as they were returning to the mole to re-embark they were suddenly seized by Moorish soldiery and marched to the U. S. consular residence, where they were heavily ironed and imprisoned.

As soon as I heard of this outrage I addressed a letter to the Governor of Gibraltar asking his friendly interposition (copy annexed), and

