
RICHMOND, February 27, 1862.

Mr. Secretary BENJAMIN.

DEAR SIR: May I respectfully ask your attention to the within letter? The writer is the bearer of dispatches of whom I spoke to you. Is it not practicable to release some civilian from Western Virginia and thereby relieve Mr. Evans? It seems to me that as he was a civilian they exacted no parole of him but that it is substantially to be understood. I think too that as he suffered in our service we are bound to relieve him. You may remember that he had dispatches concealed in a peculiar hat made for the purpose.

Very truly, yours,

C. G. MEMMINGER.

[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON, February 22, 1862.

Honorable C. G. MEMMINGER, Richmond, Va.

MY DEAR SIR: When I had the pleasure of seeing you a few days since in Richmond you were so kind as to promise to use your influence to have me exchanged. I now beg to write such particulars as may be necessary in effecting this object. I was arrested by U. S. troops under the command of General Robert Anderson in the upper part of Kentucky on the 23rd of September, 1861, and from thence I was carried to Louisville where I was released on signing a paper not to take up arms against the United States of America or theCommonwealth of Kentucky. I was refused a pass through their lines, but afterwards in the presence of Honorable W. S. Bodley, of Louisville, I was informed that I could go home if I could get there. I on this tried to get through their lines but could not do so and then went to England, from whence I have returned home via Mexico.

I most earnestly wish to do my duty in defending my country in her hour of danger, and if after a fair offer for exchange the enemy still refuse I will break the parole and take my place amongst the ranks of our people. You will confer a great favor on me, my dear sir, if you will procure my exchange as I have been offered the command of a fine squadron of mounted men if I can get off. I am very sorry to trouble you with this my own private affair but with the exception of the Honorable William Porcher Miles I have no other friends in the city.

I am, dear sir, with much respect, yours, very truly,

BENJAMIN F. EVANS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., February 28, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: In the absence of General Huger I send as directed by your telegram of yesterday a copy of letter from General Wool concerning the exchange of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

