
NORFOLK, February 28, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

I tried but failed to meet General Wool to-day. I will meet him to-morrow. Hold on to your hostages as I behave they intend to back out from their own proposition.

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General.

NORFOLK, March 1, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

I met General Wool to-day. As I expected they have backed down from their own proposition. I shall be in Richmond as soon as I can [get] there.

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General.

C. S. STEAMER SUMTER,

Bay of Gibraltar, March 3, 1862.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navy, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Since I had the honor of addressing you on the 24th ultimo other letters (copies annexed) have passed between Mr. Hay, the British charge at Tangier, Morocco, and myself on the subject of the imprisonment of Paymaster Myers by the Moorish authorities at that place. These letters together with those already sent will put you in possession of all the facts connected with that great outrage. I have further to report that on the 26th ultimo Paymaster Myers and Mr. Tunstall were delivered by the U. S. consul, aided by the Moorish authorities, to the commander of the U. S. sloop of war Ino, and that they are now prisoners on board that ship. There was considerable indignation expressed by the European residents in Tangier at this high-handed proceeding. They gathered in crowds in the streets and it is said would have made an effort to rescue the prisoners had not their agitation been calmed by the advice of their respective consuls and by an address of Mr. Hay, who advised them that the affair was one exclusively between the parties concerned in it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

[R. SEMMES,

Commander, C. S. Navy.]

P. S. - * * * I have up to this date received no reply from the Moorish Government and I presume from the long delay that they do not intend to send any.

R. SEMMES.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

C. S. STEAMER SUMTER,

Bay of Gibraltar, February 23, 1862.

JOHN HAY DRUMMOND-HAY, C. B.,

Her Majesty's Charge d' Affaires, Tangier, Morocco.

SIR: May I ask of you the favor to act unofficially for me in a matter of huminaty by handing to the proper officer the inclosed communication demanding the release from imprisonment in Tangier of the

