
Question. Do you know where you were at the time the Albatross took you?

Answer. I heard them say we were near Cape Hatteras, on the coast of North Carolina.

Question. Who did you hear say that?

Answer. The man Bradford I think.

Question. How long after you saw the Hatteras light were you captured by the Albatross?

Answer. We saw the light-house in the morning about 6 o'clock and we were taken by the Albatross about 3 o'clock in the afternoon.

Question. Do you know in what direction the Enchantress sailed after the prize crew, the defendant and the other four men were put on board her?

Answer. I heard them say the steer the course southwest, they were going to Savannah but after they were a few days out they said they would not go to Savannah but to Charleston. By going to an inlet called Bull's they said they could take a steam-boat and be towed up to Charleston.

Question. How long did it take you to get from the place where you were taken by the Albatross to Hampton Roads?

Answer. Soon after we were taken a gale of wind came up and it took a long time to tow us with the wind ahead. We ahould have been in the next day if it were not for that, but the following day we were in at Hampton Roads.

Question. Did the Albatross take you in the direction the Enchantress was sailing at that tiem or in the opposite direction?

Answer. She turned back.

Question. Then you went north after the recapture?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. You spoke of a place called Bull's; do you know where it is?

Answer. I do not, but I heard them say it was twenty-five miles from Charleston.

Question. Who told you so?

Answer. I heard them say so on board among themselves.

Question. Did these persons keep the log after the Enchantress was taken?

Answer. No, sir; they did not keep any log.

Question. Was the log-book on board?

Answer. Yes; there were two logs.

Cross-examined by Mr. WHARTON:

Question. You were cook originally and you continued in your ordinary pursuits?

Answer. I cooked for four captains.

Question. Did you hear the instructions that were given, or did you hear these men say where they were told to take the Enchantress?

Answer. I never heard them say where they were told to take her. I heard them say where they were going to take her.

6 R R -SERIES II, VOL III

