
whose lives and hopes are founded upon and pledged to support Southern rights and independence.

Hoping then, for the sake of the country and also of the anxious females and children who look up to him as a father and guardian that I may soon hear of Uncle Dick's release,

I am, sir, most respectfully,

GEORGE WASHINGTON,

Of Thomas.
HEADQUARTERS, Memphis, March 8, 1862.

Colonel JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform your that five more of the escaped prisoners (Federal) have been apprehended and brought back.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN ADAMS,

Captain, C. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Memphis, March 9, 1862.

Colonel T. JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that in obedience to instructions in General Orders, Numbers 2, from Headquarters Second Grand Division, Army of Mississippi Valley, I sent off for Tuscaloosa, Ala., 214 Federal prisoners under guard of a company of sixty men sent here for the purpose by Brigadier-General Ruggles. Since their departure three of the escaped prisoners have been apprehended and brought back. There are here two of the Belmont and eight of the Fort Donelson prisoners sick and unable to travel. There are also in confinement here sixteen political prisoners, whom under instructions from headquarters Second Grand Division, Army of Mississippi Valley, through Colonel J. E. Slaughter, inspector-general (now here), I shall send with the remaining prisoners of war to Columbus, Miss.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Captain, C. S. Army, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 10, 1862.

Captain J. TAYLOR, Commanding Post of Charlottesville, Va.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 4th instant you are informed that prisoners on parole are entitled to subsistence and pay.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 11, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I desire to call your attention to the subject of the condition of our troops who were captured at Fort Donelson and who are now doubtless in a very destitute condition in Northern prisons, having but little

