
or no clothing, many of them exhausted and frost-bitten when captured. Surely this is a subject which should demand the prompt consideration of the Government. I beg of you to do something for them if possible, and may I ask an answer to this note informing me whether or not anything has or can be done in their behalf to relieve to some extent the horrors and sufferings of their condition?

Respectfully,

G. W. JONES, of Tennessee.

RICHMOND, March 12, 1862.

General B. HUGER, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: The Secretary of War decides that no more prisoners be permitted to pass to Fortress Monroe until otherwise ordered here, and that this decision be published as suggested in your letter of the 12th instant.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUFFOLK, March 12, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I inclose to you a communication just received from General Huger covering a letter from General Wool in reply to my letter* to him of the 28th ultimo. I shall make no reply to General Wool's letter and as my report of the 3rd instant covers the whole ground I submit no comment upon it.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,March 11, 1862.

Brigadier General HOWELL COBB, Suffolk, Va.

GENERAL: I have just received dispatches+ from General Wool covering the inclosed letter++ to yourself. I send it out by my aide de-camp, Lieutenant Sloan, who will bring back any answer you may desire to send to General Wool. In his letter to me he desires "to know if any more exchanges of prisoners as heretofore between you and myself are to take place. " I shall notify him that on your being deputed to arrange terms for a general exchange I was instructed to make no more special exchanges. I had proposed going to Suffolk this evening to pay you a visit, but will postpone it for a day or two and until I hear from you.

With much regard, yours, very respectfully,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

---------------

*Cobb to Wool, February 28, p. 338.

+Not found.

++Omitted here; Wool to Cobb, March 5, p. 347.

---------------

52 R R - SERIES II, VOL III

