
CLERK'S OFFICE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

March 13, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the House of Representatives this day adopted the following resolution, to wit:

Resolved, That the President be requested, if compatible in his opinion with the public interest, to communicate to the House all correspondence, papers and information in his possession respecting a recent arrangement or negotiation with the enemy for an exchange of prisoners and the results thereof.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT E. DIXON,

Clerk.

SENATE CHAMBER, Richmond, March 14, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

Permit me to ask your favorable consideration of the inclosed petition addressed to you be Henry L. Allen, of Galveston, Tex. Personally I am unacquainted with the young man. I therefore refer you to the accompanying letter of the Honorable L. A. Thompson, formerly one of the judges of the supreme court of Florida, at present a citizen of Texas and a gentlemen of high character as any in the State.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. OLDHAM.

[Inclosure.]

HOUSTON, February 21, 1862.

Honorable W. S. OLDHAM, Senator C. S. A., Richmond, Va.

MY DEAR SIR: The inclosed note to the honorable the Secretary of War is from a young friend of mine, a resident of the city of Galveston, now temporarily residing here. I am personally acquainted with his participation in the capture of the Star of the West and with his subsequent capture while a passenger on the pilot-boat schooner Dart, and the unmanly and ungenerous conduct of Captain Alden in extorting from him alone, because of his martial bearing and military cap, the oath of which he speaks. His father and mother reside in Galveston and I have the gratification to know that they are in the ranks of my personal friends. Many persons in Galveston have endeavored to cast obloquy upon him because he did not prefer a captivity in some Northern bastille, but knowing well the motives which actuated him I approved of his course then and now. If you can succeed in getting him exchanged so that he can enter the service which he is most anxious to do I will esteem it a personal favor.

Very truly, your friend,

L. A. THOMPSON.

[Sub-inclosure.]

HOUSTON, TEX., February 21, 1862.

J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I was engaged in the capture of the Star of the West under Colonel (now General) Van Dorn, April 17, 1861. After arriving in New Orleans with the prize, April 20, I found no means of returning home (Galveston). I left New Orleans for Memphis, Tenn., on the 25th. In May I joined the Memphis Southern Guards, the first company

