
organized for the war in Tennessee, under Colonel McCown and Brigadier-General Pillow. The last of June I procured an honorable discharge to return to Texas, my home, to enlist under her banners and drive the hirelings from her coast and border. I left New Orleans on the 2nd of July for Berwick, where on arriving I with others took passage in the pilot-boat Dar for Galveston. On the evening of July 4 we were brought to some fifteen miles from Galveston by a 24-pounder shot from the U. S. war (and blockading) steamer South Carolina, Captain Allen. On the 5th I was compelled to take the oath not to bear arms against the United States in this war until regularly exchanged. My reasons for taking the oath were many, my principal reason being to secure certain papers (held by him in my knapsack) pertaining to the forces and fortifications on the Mississippi River, Randolph principally, and letters from Galveston. I applied to General Van Dorn, General Hebert and Governor Clark. The two former said they had no power to exchange and the latter neglected from the press of duties to attend to it. I am anxious to join the army and would have been in the field long since if the exchange had been made. My object in addressing you is to ask you as a subject of the Confederate States and a citizen of the State of Texas to present my name for an exchange. My circle of acquaintances and friends is large. They can be found in Maryland, Tennessee, Louisiana and all over this State. If necessary I can give their names. As to my character, several affairs I have been in for the South since the war.

Hoping I may soon hear from you in relation to my case,

I remain, dear sir, yours, very truly,

HENRY LOWNES ALLEN.

CAMP HILL, Gordonsville, Va., March 14, 18621.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

We beg leave to petition you to effect the exchange of Second Lieutenant Joseph H. Stewart, Company F, First Maryland Regiment, as soon as may be conveniently practicable. Our reasons for presenting this petition are that he is an officer of unsurpassed bravery and more than ordinary capacity, in whom we have every confidence on the field. We so earnestly love him as an officer and admire him as a man and we do so earnestly long for his restoration to us. It may be well to state the circumstances of his capture. On the morning of Sunday, the 9th instant, the memorable day of our retreat, a battalion of the Maryland regiment was sent on picket under Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson. We arrived at the post about midday, and scarcely were the men posted when the enemy appeared in large force of infantry and cavalry. As soon as apprised of the enemy's presence Colonel Johnson ordered us to fall back and dispatched a courier to order up the reserve company to cover our retreat unprotected. The enemy charged with his cavalry as we were crossing a field. We did our best to reach a fence (we have no bayonets) behind which to make a stand and were consequently much scattered. The enemy, at a distance of twenty paces, ordered us to throw down our arms, whereupon we turned and delivered a desultory five, killing from 6 to 10 men and 4 horses. They were now in the midst of us cutting in every direction, our men kneeling and firing, taking their chances of escape. Three of the cavalry were

