
in concert they need not either of them fear a war with the Yankees. They will come down as tamely as they did in the Trent affair.

Do me the honor to present me kindly to Mrs. Slidell and the young ladies.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. SEMMES.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,DISTRICT OF MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA,

Tallahassee, March 19, 1862.

Major T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that Lieutenant-Colonel Holland, First Florida Battalion, and the six privates captured with him by the enemy under the French flag off Amelia Island just previous to their occupation of that island, have been released and Lieutenant-Colonel Holland has reported at these headquarters. The illegality of the capture was promptly acknowledged by the flag-officer of the enemy's squadron as soon as the attending circumstances were made known to him and the release of the prisoners forthwith ordered.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND FLORIDA,Pocotaligo, March 26, 1862.

Having been relieved from the command of the Department of East and Middle Florida, I respectfully refer this communication from Brigadier-General Trapier to the War Department.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Resolution adopted by the Confederate Senate March 20, 1862.

Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to our commissioners in Europe copies of the supplemental report of the Secretary of War with accompanying documents of March 17, relative to an exchange of prisoners with the Federal authorities.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, SECOND AUDITOR'S OFFICE,

March 21, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: It appears necessary that there should be a decision by you as to the amount per day that may be allowed for the board of prisoners of war, including lodging and attendance. Not being aware of any law or regulation prescribing or limiting the same several accounts of county jailers and others for boarding and lodging prisoners at varying prices (deemed reasonble) have been reported by me to the comtroller for payment and have been allowed by him. But in several

