
ration is doubled and quardurpled. I therefore promptly reported the account for payment and respectfully submit that for so doing I had warrant of law, regulations and common justice.

Respectfully,

W. H. S. TAYLOR,

Auditor.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DIST., DEPT. Numbers 2,

Numbers 9. Van Buren, Ark., March 21, 1862.

I. Hereafter when medical officers are captured with other prisoners of war they will be retained to take charge of their own sick and wounded so long as their services may be required, after which time or when the particular command with which they were captured is exchanged or released they will be returned to their own lines under a flag of truce without parole or exchange. In the meantime they will be subject to exchange according to assimilated rank. While employed in care of the sick or wounded prisoners of war they will be allowed all proper facilities and indulgences for the discharge of that duty. When released on parole the performance of medical duties in the field or hospital will not be constructed as a violation of parole.

* * * * *

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., March 25, 1862.

President DAVIS:

To make martial law operative Saint Tammany, Saint Charles, Livingston and Saint John Baptist Parishes should be included. All on the lake.

M. LOVELL.

Answer.

Secretary of War has written you on the subject of application for martial law over adjacent country.

J. D.

Joint resolution adopted by the Confederate Congress, approved March 25, 1862.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the Secretary of War be authorized to apply out of the contingent fund of the War Department such sums of money from time to time as in his judgment may be necessary for the aid of prisoners of war in the hands of the enemy, provided that all sums paid any prisoner or expended for him shall be charged to his account.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,March 25, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIR: I send herewith for the information of the Secretary of War a copy of a letter* received yesterday from Major-General Wool.

---------------

*Omitted here; Wool to Huger, March 24, p. 402.

---------------

