
I shall decline making any arrangements with him, and only remark I see no objection to my receiving and forwarding any proposition he may have to make.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Norfolk.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, Numbers 11. Little Rock, Ark., March 25, 1862.

When prisoners are made and the officer capturing them finds it necessary to tranfer them he will send with them an accurate statement of the circumstances and ate of their capture, and will furnish a list giving their names, rank and corps in full.

In case of arrest of others than prisoners of war a careful statement of the date and cause of arrest will accompany the prisoners, setting forth explicitly the charges and stating the witnesses and testimony against the prisoner, with the residences or post-offices of the witnesses.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOSTON HARBOR, Fort Warren, March 26, 1862.

Honorable O. R. SINGLETON.

DEAR SIR: A few days since I had the honor to address a brief note advising you of my confinement here as a prisoner of war and invoking your assistance to procure me some pecuniary aid from the proper Department. Whether the note reached you or not is uncertain. I now write you to call your attention and ask your assistance to aid me in effecting my exchange. I do not know what settled rule has been adopted on the subject of exchanges of officers, but no doubt to effect this the ratification of the respective authorities must be had. Nor do I know what the chances are at this time for an exchange, but I am quite certain that when an opportunity offers you can assist me in this respect. I invoke your prompt and early attention to this subject.

Your friend and obedient servant,

JOSEPH DRAKE,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

General Huger and General Wool are trying to effect a general exchange of prisoners. Colonel Drake's name and the namesof others submitted by you will be furnished to General Wool in case an exchange can be effected. No other step can be taken at present.

[GEO. W. RANDOLPH.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 28, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER,

Commanding Department of Norfolk.

GENERAL: Congress has passed a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of War "to apply out of the contingent fund of the War

