
Department such sums of money from timeto time as in his judgment may be necessary for the aid of prisoners of war in the hands of the enemy. "

Desiring to carry out the act of Congress and to facilitate the trans-mission of pecuniary aid from private sources to our prisoners of war I must request that you will propose to General Wool the appointment of a commissary-general of prisoners upon the part of each of the belligerents whose duty it shall be to receive and transmit remittances to prisoners of war, and to have such supervision of their comfort as is usually allowed among civilized nations.

You are fully empowered to make the necessary arrangements for effecting this purpose; but if any difficult point should arise it would be well to notify us before its final determination.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., March 28, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIR: I send inclosed copies of two letters* received on the 27th instant from Major-General Wool. I was authorized some months since to offer to exchange Colonel Hoffman, now on parole, for Captain Barron, C. S. Navy. No answer has been given me until to day.

I also inclose copy of a letter received from Major-General Wool dated February 13 giving Colonel Pegram authority to remain in Richmond until Colonel Bomford should arrive. As I am informed Colonel Bomford has arrived I beg to inquire if he should not be sent forward or Colonel Pegram returned as their prisoner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., February 13, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk.

SIR: Colonel John Pegram who was released on his parole on condition of returning to Fort Monroe by the 15th of February if he did not procure the release of Colonel Willcox or Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford informs me that Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford has been sent for and will be released in exchange for Colonel Pegram when he arrives. You will please send Colonel Pegram authority to remain at Richmond until Colonel Bomford arrives.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 31, 1862.

General A. W. G. DAVIS, Richmond.

SIR: Your letter of the 29th instant to the President having been referred to me I deem it proper to inform you that your brother's case

---------------

*Omitted here; Wool to Huger, March 27, p. 407.

---------------

53 R R - SERIES II, VOL III

