SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 3. Corinth, Miss., April 1, 1862.

* * * * *

V. Any prisoners of war now in confinement at Jackson, Tenn., will be transferred by railroad in proper custody to Columbus, Miss. The provost-marshal at Jackson will call on the quartermaster's department there for clothing that may be necessary for the health and decent appearance of these men, it being represented that they are in great need of garments. An account will be transmitted with the men of the cost of the articles supplied to each of them.

* * * * *

By command of General A. S. Johnston:

THOMAS JORDAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, Va., April 2, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a letter* received yesterday from Major-General Wool refusing to exchange Captain Barron, C. S. Navy, for Colonel Hoffman, U. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 2, 1862.

Supplemental report on the case of the Tunkers [Dunkards] and Mennonites.

Since my last report I have seen the copy of the law passed by the Legislature of Virginia on the 29th of March, 1862. It exempts from military duty persons prevented from bearing arms by the tenets of the church to which they belong on condition of paying $500 and 2 per cent. on the assessed value of their taxable property, taking an oath to sustain the Confederate Government and not in any way to give aid or comfort to the enemies of the Confederate Government, with the proviso that if the person exempted is not able to pay the tax he shall be employed as teamster or in some character which will not require the actual bearing [of] arms, and surrender any arms they possess for public use. I renew my recommendation that these persons be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and an obligation to conform to the laws of Virginia.

S. S. BAXTER.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, April 4, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, President, &c.

The undersigned, field officers of the Confederate Army captured at Fort Donelson, would represent to Your Excellency that all the victims of that unfortunate disaster are measurably destitute of funds and

---------------

*Omitted here; Wool to Huger, April 1, p. 414.

---------------

