
have several months of pay due them from the Government. If some portion of this in current funds could be sent them it would add to their comfort.

Respectfully,

J. C. BROWN,

Colonel Third Tennessee Regiment.

[And Forty-seven others.]

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

If no arrangement can be made for exchange we must endeavor to supply the wants of the prisoners by the within or other means.

J. D[AVIS].

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 4, 1862.

Honorable A. R. BOTELER, House of Representatives.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 5th instant I have the honor to inform you that we are trying to effect a general exchange of prisoners and fear that an offer to exchange individuals may defeat the great object we are striving to accomplish.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 4, 1862.

Honorable O. R. SINGLETON, House of Representatives.

SIR: I have received the letter of Colonel Joseph Drake submitted by you. In reply I have the honor to inform you that General Huger and General Wool are now negotiating for an exchange of prisoners of war. The names of Colonel Drake and the other parties furnished by you will be forwarded to General Wool in the event that an exchange can be effected. No other steps can be taken at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 5, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: General Holmes directed me to call upon you and inform you that I was taken a prisoner of war by the forces of General Burnside, am upon parole, and having been detained in New Berne for three weeks know something of the strength of his command and the disposition of the same. General Holmes desires that I should at once be exchanged in order that I may communicate what I know to him. I am also directed to make known to you by the Surgeon-General the fact that one of the brigade surgeons of General Burnside's division would like to resign his commission in the Federal Army for a similar position in ours. He is an Englishman and a man of more than ordinary intelligence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. S. WEST,

Surgeon, C. S. Army.

