HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 9, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough, N. C.

GENERAL: * * * With reference to the exchange of prisoners I would state that while I believe the enemy have acted in bad faith in the matter it is not desirable to follow a bad example. If you have any sick or wounded prisoners of the enemy I would advise their release in return for the release of ours by General Burnside. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 10, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, &c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: You will inform General Wool that this Department agrees to the following exchanges of prisoners proposed by the Secretary of War of the United States, viz: (1) Colonel William R. Lee, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment, for Colonel Robert F. Baldwin, Twenty-first Virginia [Thirty-first Militia] Regiment; (2) Major P. J. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment, for Major E. W. McAlexander, Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment; (3) Dr. E. H. R. Revere, Twentieth Massachusetts Regiment, for Major W. N. Brown, Twentieth Mississippi Regiment. +

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 10, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond.

SIR: I respectfully request that I may be exchanged for Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, who was captured by me at the battle of Scary in July last. I am a prisoner on parole. Was captured in the defense of Roanoke Island. I think it but fair I should be heard. Two officers out of three captured by me are here, Lieutenant-Colonel Neff and Colonel Woodruff, Colonel De Villiers having escaped. I pray my request may be granted so I can take my position in the field where my services are needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

The Department is about making another effort to procure an exchange of prisoners and hopes soon to be able to relieve Colonel Anderson. If this trial should be unsuccessful his case will be again submitted to the President.

G. W. R.

---------------

*For this letter entire see Series I, Vol. IX, p. 457.

+See indorsement on letter from Thomas to Dimick, April 1, p. 414.

---------------

