
RICHMOND, April 11, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: During my interview with you this morning you requested me to prepare a written application for exchange and hand it in to you. I propose now to comply with your request. I was taken prisoner of war on Roanoke Island on Saturday, the 8th of February last. On the 21st of the same mouth I was released upon my parole of honor not to take up arms again until honorably exchanged. During the time that has elapsed since my capture I have used every effort in my power to get exchanged so that I might again enter the service of my country. One great reason why I am anxious to get exchanged as speedily as possible is that I have an opportunity of raising a respectable force to conduct a guerrilla warfare in that portion of North Carolina lying upon Albemarle and Pamlico Sounds. Time and again have I been approached by those who are anxious to enter this branch of the service soliciting me to raise companies for that purpose, but the terms of my parole wound not permit me to give them any encouragement. I have no hesitancy in saying that if released I could in a short while raise from 300 to 500 troops, who when properly organized would prove a terror to the base miscreants who are now committing depredations in that section of my native State. It may not be amiss for me to state that my thorough acquaintance with the geography of that whole country would afford me peculiar advantages in prosecuting that mode of warfare. Added to this the fact that my family have been driven from their home and my property destroyed would I trust inspire me with unusual zeal in my efforts to drive the merciless invader from the land of my birth. I hope, sir, that you will second my efforts to effect an exchange so that I may again enter the service of my country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HINTON,

Captain Company A, Eighth Regiment North Carolina Troops.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, April 10, 1862. cept a parole of fifteen or twenty days, and enter into a solemn obligation to return as a prisoner of war to the Confederate Government at Richmond at the end of my parole should I fail to effect an exchange with the Government of the United States of Captain J. W. Hinton, of the Eighth Regiment North Carolina Troops, for myself.

JOHN DOWNEY,

Captain Company D, Eleventh New York Volunteers.

RICHMOND, VA., April 11, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I have been acquainted with Captain James W. Hinton, of the Eighth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Shaw, taken prisoner at the battle of Roanoke Island. He resides at Elizabeth City, in my district. Captain Hinton is a gentlemen of large popularity and influence; is earnestly embarked in the cause of Southern independence, and is capable if freed from his parole of rendering most efficient service in the locality of his residence by organizing and

