
directing detached military movements. His own residence has been consumed by the flames at the time of the bombardment of his town. He is a man of energy and spirit, and I beg earnestly to ask if it be practicable that he may be exchanged and released from his parole at the earliest moment.

Very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. N. H. SMITH.

We concur in the request contained in the foregoing letter.

R. R. BRIDGERS.

THOS. H. ASHE.

J. R. McLEAN.

A. T. DAVIDSON.

T. D. McDOWELL.

A. H. ARRINGTON.

GEO. DAVIS.

W. T. DORTCH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 12, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I respectfully ask if compatible with the public interests a parole of thirty days for the following prisoners now confined in this city, to allow them to obtain exchanges for themselves from prisoners in the hands of the United States Government, they pledging themselves to return if unsuccessful: Reverend Mr. Eddy, chaplain; Reverend Mr. Dodge, chaplain; Lieutenant Gordon, of the Dragoons; Major Vogdes, I know not what department. If the last three cannot be granted at least I would urge the first.

Very respectfully, yours,

T. V. MOORE.

[Indorsement.]

Inform Reverend Mr. Moore that the President has determined for the present not to permit individual exchanges. We desire to effect a general exchange.

G. W. RANDOLPH.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Mobile, April 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General PRENTISS, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that upon the verbal explanation given to me this morning in relation to the official note addressed to the commanding officer at Tuscaloosa by General Beauregard's assistant adjutant-general assuring me that you had been paroled to go to Tuscaloosa you are hereby released from confinement under guard, and have the same liberty granted to Captain McMichael and Robert Potter and Ed. Jones. If you desire it you can change the place of your destination to Talladega to be with the rest of your officers. Will report to the commanding officer at that point. Of course the three persons you take with you under this authority give the same parole as you have already given.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

