HEADQUARTERS, Memphis, April 13, 1862.

Colonel T. JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from General Beauregard, commanding, Surgeon Gordon and Assistant Surgeon Whitnell, U. S. Army, prisoners of war captured at Belmont, arrived here from Tuscaloosa, Ala., the one to be exchanged for Surgeon Vanderville, C. S. Army, captured at Fort Donelson, the other to be released on parole. As there was a boat about starting for Fort Pillow I ordered them on board to report to commanding officer of Fort Pillow thence to be taken by the senior naval officer of that station under flag of truce to the Federal lines, but owing to a transfer and retransfer of troops by order of General Price the boat was detained some twenty-four hours. In this time some officer or officers of General Price's command disclosed to these Federal officers all he knew with reference to General Van Dorn's command, its number, its destination, &amp;c. ; also the armament at Fort Pillow and so on. I have, therefore, detained these surgeons here on parole until further instructions. Should an oath be administered to them not to disclose or divulge anything relating to the military operations, and they then be sent forward, or not?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,JOHN ADAMS,

Captain, C. S. Army, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I beg leave to urge upon your consideration the speedy exchange of the officers and men captured at Roanoke Island. The corps captured were as follows: Six companies of the Forty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, part of the First Regiment of the infantry of my legion, eight companies of the Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, part of the Second Regiment of the infantry of my legion, five companies of the battalion of my legion under Lieutenant-Colonel Green, three companies of the Seventeenth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers, the Eighth Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers under Colonel Shaw, the Thirty-first Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers under Colonel Jordan. The first fourteen companies of my legion are all seasoned soldier who have been repeatedly under fire for nearly twelve months. The other five companies are prime troops who have been drilled for some six months and are far superior to new recruits. Of the North Carolina volunteers many are fine troops and have seen some service. It is very desirable to have these officers and men all back again in the service. The nineteen companies of my legion would largely contribute to make up my new brigade and they are anxious to return to service. I know of no obstruction to their exchange. General Burnside proposed terms which were perfectly fair and liberal. Our men were paroled at once on but two conditions; first, they were not to serve until regularly exchanged; second, they are to be exchanged for prisoners of the enemy who have been longest captured. These terms were accepted promptly and unconditionally before any misunderstanding about negotiations between Generals Wool and Cobb, and are wholly independent of any other arrangements whatever. I earnestly ask that the equivalent number of officers and men may be at once

