
exchanged for these of ours on parole and that the latter of my legion may be ordered as soon as exchanged to report to me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

We are very desirous of effecting a general exchange but the enemy after agreeing to it refused to execute the agreement.

G. W. R.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, April 15, 1862.

Honorable Secretary BENJAMIN:

I am one of the number surrender at Fort Donelson on the 16th day of February, 1862, by superior officers without my consent or knowledge and now a prisoner of war at Fort Warren and will there remain one until I can be exchanged. I do not claim any exclusive privileges but wish to be remembered by you when an opportunity is offered for exchanging. I do this as I have no acquaintances in your concils to represent me. The principal part of my regiment was sick with measles and sent to Florence, Ala., at the time of the fight at Donelson. Only had 279 men, including officers, surrendered. I am informed that my regiment is reorganized. My time will not expire until the 28th of June next. If the war is kept up will not then. I will not further tax your patience. You know what I want.

I have the honor of being, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUGHES,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Regiment of Alabama Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 16, 1862.

OFFICER COMMANDING C. S. FORCES AT MICKEY'S.

SIR: With this you will find a letter* to the commanding general of the Federal forces which please transmit to his lines with a flag of truce. At the same time you may send in one of the enemy's surgeons now in the hospital near Mickey's. The letter is sent open so that you may read it. Exchanges of prisoners of equal rank only are spoken of in the communication, but of course it is not intended to confine exchanges to that, and if there are may of our wounded officers, Captain M. T. Polk for example, who can be removed the general of course would desire their exchange according to ration made and published in orders by the Federal commander.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SELMA, ALA., April 16, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD:

I am unable to decide whether or not what I am about to communicate is a matter of any importance. This you can better determine. A

---------------

*Omitted here; Beauregard to Buell, April 15, p. 456.

---------------

