
exchange. The gallant services of Colonel Battle on the field having come under your own observation you are well aware of the value of his presence and example to the army.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

PATRICK DUFFY,

Major, Commanding Twentieth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]

Approved and respectfully forwarded to headquarters Reserve Corps, with the ope that the exchange may be effected as speedily as possible.

W. S. STATHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Reserve Corps.

[Second indorsement.]

Cordially approved and respectfully forwarded.

JOHN C. BREACKINRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,April 17, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I send herewith a copy of a letter* on the subject of a commissary of prisoners of war received yesterday from General Wool.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Commanding, &c.

[Indorsement.]

Can you suggest any mode of remitting money to our prisoners at the North? You are authorized to enter into arrangements for a fair and honorable exchange of prisoners, and may inquire in your own name whether we are considered as having violated any engagement about the exchange of prisoners, and if so in what particular. We are exceedingly desirous to effect a general exchange if it can be done on equal terms.

G. W. R.

RICHMOND, April 18, 1862.

Governor J. G. SHORTER, Montgomery:

You are authorized and requested to take any steps you may think proper to secure the prisoners if action be necessary before the Government can effect it.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

C. S. FLAG-SHIP VIRGINIA, April 18, 1862.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith for your consideration copies of a letter from Major-General Huger to myself, of one+ to

---------------

*Omitted here; Wool to Huger, April 16, p. 456.

+Omitted here; Goldsborough to Huger, April 15, p. 452.

---------------

