
Question. And on board the Jeff. Davis you saw for the second time William Smith?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What was his capacity on board that vessel?

Answer. I was told that he was prize master.

Question. Howlong were you on board the Jeff. Davis?

Answer. I was captured on Saturday about 9 o'clock and was on board until the Yuesday evening following.

Question. How many days did you see WilliamSmith, the prisoner, on board the Jeff. Davis?

Answer. I only saw him till that Saturday afternoon. I suppose he left about 6 or 7 o'clock; I cannot state exactly when.

Question. You recognize himas the person whom you saw on board that vessel?

Answer. That is the man (pointing to the prisoner).

Question. Did you see the assault upon the schooner Enchantress?

Answer. No, sir; I was below. When the Jeff. Davis came within about three miles as I suppose of the Enchantress we were all ordered below.

Question. At what time in the day did you first see the sail of the Enchantress?

Answer. I cannot say when precisely. I saw it probably by 3 o'clock. At what time they saw her I do not know. There some three or four sails at the time. I do not think I saw her more than two or three hours before she was brought to.

Question. Howlong after the case began were your ordered below?

Answer. When we came within about three miles of her all the prisoners on board were ordered below.

Question. How long did you remain below?

Answer. Until she was boarded by the boat from the Jeff. Davis. After she was boarded we cameon deck.

Question. Did you see the flag that she had flying during the chase?

Answer. Yes; we saw that out of a small window. When she came alongside she had the American flag.

Question. But I mean the flag of the Jeff. Davis?

Answer. We saw that out of the skylight. We watched when they hauled the French flag down and hoisted what I suppose is called the Confederate flag.

Question. At what time did they hoist the Confedetate flag?

Answer. Not until the vessel was probably not more than a quarter of a mile off. I should think she was less than a quarter of a mile distant; she was alongside, close under the guns.

Question. Did you see William Smith leave the Jeff. Davis for the purpose of going on board the Enchantress?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw himleave as prize master; that is what was said.

Question. Then you were on deck at that time?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How many left with him?

Answer. That I could not say as there was in the boat a number of the other crew. I understood that he went as prize master to take charge of the schooner.

Question. Then you saw him go on board the Enchantress?

Answer. I saw himleave the brig. I did not notice particularly his going on board the Enchantress.

