
night, when I delivered them to Major G. G. Garner to whom they were addressed. I was by Major Garner instructed to report to General Bragg this morning and at the order of General Bragg I have prepared this report.

Respectfully,

SAM. S. HARRIS,

Lieutenant, Company F, First Regiment Alabama Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to the commanding general. It will be seen the report of an attempt to seduce our picket to desert rests on hearsay.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 19, 1862.

JOHN H. WHEELER, Esq., Garysburg, N. C.

SIR: Your letter of the 10th instant has been received. I regret to inform you that for the present individual exchanges have been suspended with the hope of effecting thereby a general exchange of prisoners.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Rev. T. V. Moore, Richmond, Va., and Lieutenant A. E. Welch, prisoner of war, Company F, First Minnesota Regiment, Salisbury, N. C.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort McCulloch, April 19, 1862.

The SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: I inclose you a letter from Colonel John Drew, commanding regiment of Cherokee Mounted Rifles, in regard to Captain Richard Fields, Surg. James P. Evans and Private Walter N. Evans, of his regiment. They were all taken prisoners by the U. S. troops in the actions at Elkhorn and are still held as such. I have information of the fact as to all of them. I also know that seven prisoners were taken by Colonel Drew's command at Smith's Mills, put in the hands of the provost-marshal-general of General Price's army and taken South with the other prisoners. I trust that steps will be taken to procure the exchange of these officers and Private Evans, and as it is understood that perhaps it is intended to treat them with unusual severity in consequence of their being members of the Indian Brigade I hope that it will be made known to the authorities of the United States that in case any outrage upon them is committed ample reprisals will be made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Indian Territory.

[Inclosure.]

WEBBER'S FALLS, C. N., March 27, 1862.

Brigadier General A. PIKE,

Commanding Department of Indian Territory.

SIR: Among the members of this regiment who have not joined it since the battle of PeaVine Ridge on the 7th and 8th instant are Captain Fields, of Company F, and the surgeon, Dr. James P. Evans, and

