
his son, Walter, a member of Company H, commanded by Captain E. R. Hicks. No information has been had of Captain Fields, and it is not known whether he was killed in the engagement or captured by the Federal troops. Doctor Evans with his son is said to have been made prisoner, and it is reported is held in consequence of being attached to an Indian regiment for the supposed purpose of trial under the late law regulating trade and intercourse between the United States and the Indians.

The object of this letter is to solicit your interest in behalf of the officers named and of any other members of this regiment who many have been prisoners by the U. S. forces. If Surgeon Evans has been captured while in the discharge of his professional duties on the battle-field and is held contracy to the usages of war it is important that the fact should be known and understood. Surgeon Evans is a member of the Cherokee Nation by marriage. His services are greatly needed by this regiment.

It may be proper to remark here that seven Federal troops surrendered to this regiment near Smith's Mills on the 6th and were delivered to the Confederate authorities. In any exchange of prisoner that may be made between the United States and Confederate States Government this regiment should be entitled to any benefits resulting from that fact.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN DREW,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment Cherokee Mounted Rifles.

MEMPHIS, April 19, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES E. SLAUGHTER,

Assistant Inspector-General, C. S. Army, Corinth, Miss.

GENERAL: In reply to yours* of the 13th instant in regard to the attention paid Brigadier-General Prentiss, his conduct in Memphis, &amp;c., I have the honor to report thus: I have previous to the reception of your letter commenced an investigation of the matter and had discovered that rumor had very much exaggerated what I of course would not have permitted had I not been out of the city that night. I have since cause the parties imiplicated to file a written statement of the facts over their own signatures in this office. With this and other evidence corroborating the statements of my officers having the prisoner in charge the facts are briefly as follows: On the arrival of the train at the depot General Prentiss was put in a carriage in charge of the assistant provost-marshal of Colonel Monsarrat, of the C. S. artillery, and one or two others, private citizens. On their arrival at the Exchange Building General Prentiss complained very much of hunger; that he had had nothing to eat for forty-eight hours, &c., and read a letter to the gentlemen present purporting to be from Geneal Beauregard or some of his staff officers asking for General Prentiss' kind treatement from our authorities and citizens; that some of the party procured for him a ham and some crackers. A bottle of wine was brought in, but mone of it drunk by General Prentiss, and was taken out as soon as discovered by the assistant provost-marshal-general.

General Prentiss attempted or essayed to make a speech or speeches to his own men, but was invariably checked in this as in everything

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

