
else improper at once. I regret having to add, however, that his conduct and bearing here was anything but gentlemanly under the circumstances and impressed our people almost universally with the idea that he was a disgrace if possible to his position in the Lincoln army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

L. D. McKISSICK,

Civil Governor and Provost-Marshal.

CORNITH, April 19, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I write to inform you that Surgeon Gordon, U. S. Army, ordered to be exchanged for myself and Assistant Surgeon Whitnell (ibid.), ordered to be put on parole, are detained in Memphis by order of Captain John Admas, commanding post, in cosequence of disclosures having been made to them by commissioned officers in the Confederate service relative to the position of our army, forts, &c. Captain Adams deemed it his duty to detain them and has communicated the facts to you (as he informed me) and awaits your orders. Those surgeon requested me to inform you that they would take an oath of secrecy if you would permith them to pass. So far as myself if concerned, general, all I wish is that I may to exchanged for Surgeon Gordon as per your order when you deem it prudent to order the thing done.

Your obedient servant,

T. J. VANDERVILLE,

Surgeon, Fifty-first Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.
HDQRS. RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

April 20, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: Inclosed is an agreement* for exchange of wounded prisoners agreed upon by the medical director of my command and a medical officers of the Federal Army. The accompanying slip exhibits a list of 1 captain, 5 sergeants and 2 corporals to be regarded in this exchange; the remainder, 55 in number, are all privates.

All of which is respectfully, reffered,JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major General, Commanding Reserve Corps, Army of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Corinth, Miss., April 20, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, C. S. Army,

Commanding Second Corps.

GENERAL: Chaplain Pace, of the Federal Army, with some eleven of the wounded prisoners of the enemy has been brought from the hospital at the Mickey house into this place by order the general is informed, of Colonel Smith, commanding at Monterey. These men were the subject of the agreement made by General Breckinridge with a Federal surgeon, and the general does not extacly understand the

---------------

* Omitted here; see Rumbaugh to General -, April 13, with its inclosure, p. 450.

---------------

