
reasons which have led to their removal here, especially of the chaplain. He has therefore instructed me to refer the matter to you to ascertain why Colonel Smith sent him and the wounded away.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HERNANDO, DE SOTO COUNTY, MISS., April 20, 1862.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS.

DEAR SIR: I would not resume to address you if I did not hope and believe you will grant the dearest desire of my heart. My husband, Dr. Lemuel H. Hall, surgeon of First Regiment of Mississippi Volunteers, and one brother are among the noble ones captured at Fort Donelson. I have two other brothers in the army. I earnestly prayed that we might take prisoners to get them back. We have taken them, thank God, but I am sadly disappointed. I saw in yesterday's Memphis Appeal that General Beauregard has proposed to exchange those captured at Shiloh for ours taken at Numbers 10. As there is no general left to propose an exchange for the poor deserted ones of Donelson, we depend entirely upon our kind President to resuce them form the hands of the enemy. There will be a good many Lincolnites left in our hands after we get the Numbers 10 prisoners back. God grant that they may go for some of ours. My dear husband supported his wife and the little children by his practicable before he left. He grave up all for his country. He sent me regularly a part of his wages, but alas with him went our all. I have got one short note from him. He said he could have escaped but would not leave the wounded boys. Will you, dear President, try as soon as possible to restore him to his family? You have a wife and little ones. You can better appreciate my feelings than once that has never had a dear companion.

Hoping and praying that my beloved husband and dear brother (W. T. Sanders) may soon be safely returned to their families,

I am, yours, in great distress,

HELEN M. HALL.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 21, 1862.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Your letter of the 14th instant has been received. We are very desirous of effecting a general exchange of prisoners, but the enemy after agreeing to exchange to execute the agreement.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

MONT, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: * * * Prisoners at Tallageda will reach Selma to-day. Near 1,000 prisoners there without blankets, almost without clothing. Can get bagging for them if authorized. Do State authorities enroll under coscript act?

JNO GILL. SHORTER,

Governor.

