
[First indorsement.]

Forward the blankets as soon as possible.

G. W. R[ANDOLPH].

[Second indorsement.]

QUATERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 25, 1862.

Major Calhon, quatermaster at Montgomery, ordered to procure bagging for the prisoenrs. Major Lee, Charleston, ordered to send 5,000 blankets for issue to the Alabama regiments-new troops.

A. C. MYERS,

Quatermaster-General.

STEAMER PLANET, Fort Donelson, April 21, 1862.

General JOHN C. BRECKINERIDGE.

SIR: You no doubt learned before this time of my bad fortune in being captured by the enemy on Monday, the 7th instant, about 1 p. m. I had previously had two horses shot under me and was so much injured by falling from them that I was unable to walk and consequently captured. On the following Wednesday I saw General Grant, then commanding the Federal forces at Pittsburg, and he readily consented to exchange me for an officer of equal rank or officers of inferior rank, in accordance with an arrangement entered into by the contending parties, captured by our forces during the engagement. I immediately addressed a note to General A. S. Johnston which he, General Grant, promised to send to our lines under a flag of truce, allowing me to remain on board this boat on parole until the arrangement could be consummated.

Allow me to say that I cannot doubt that my friends will consent to the exchange. I feel if they could appreciate my anxienty to return to my command and place any value on my poor services I shall soon be allowed to return to my duty and to my friends. From the readiness with [which] General Grant agreed to my proposal I cannot doubt his sincerity. It may be, however, that the change which has since taken place (General Halleck having assumed command) may prevent the arrangement. I ask you and other friends to use every effort for my immediate restoration. If all fails I them submit to my fate like a good soldier and wait future events. Since my captivity I have been treated by the Federal officers that I have come in contact with the courtesy and politeness. I have met a large number of them.

This will be borne by Doctor Dulaney, and exchanged prisoner (a surgeon) captured at Mill Springs, Ky. I refer you to him for further particulars.

Very respectfully,

JOEL A. BATTLE,

Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

[Indoresment.]

Respectfully forwarded with the eaefforts will be made for the exchange of Colonel Battle, who is one of the bravest men and best officers I have seen in the army.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

