
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., April 22, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.

SIR: I have received your letter of the 17th instant inclosing a communication addressed to you by General Wool. As our proposition to appoint a comissary to attend to the wants of our men who are now held as prisoner of war has been declined I shall be gratified if you can suggest any mode of remitting money to them. You are authorities to enter into any arrangement for a fair and honorable exchange of prisoners, and may inquire in you own name whether we are considered as having violated our engagement about an exchange in any particular, and if so in what particular. We are exceedingly desirous to effect a general exchange of prisoners if it can done on equal terms.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, April 22, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: There are considerations connected with the government and maintenance of the prison depot at Salisbury that are certainly worthy of attention and I respectfully ask to lay them before you. Without questioning or even knowing the policy of the Government about an exchange I must say that it is strongly recommended by the increasing difficulties in that country of providing supplies for them. There are from 1,500 to 2,000 consuming what I fear from present respresentations will soon become necessary for the army, and 400 guars not only to be supported but abstracting that many muskets from their proper and much needed position in the army. If Lincoln will not exchange fairly and in good faith he certainly is entitled to the credit of releasing on parole 2,000 prisoners at Roanoke. Why not imitate the example and even exceed his generosity by paroling a larger number? (We certainly might keep even.) If their parole was observed we would be great gainers. If any portion proved false we would only have to whip them again, and General Taylor said he had rather fight than feed the prisoners. It would be o be rid of them, as the blockade confines us to ou own supplies and the consumers are now becoming more numerous than the producers.

It is further to me that the government of the prisoners and discipline of the guard both somewhat demoralized. The guards were composed of local companies enlisted for that purpose; but Major Gibbs having received authority from Confederate to raise a regiment for the war has succeeded in enlisting his guard for his regiment and in doing so perhaps relaxed his attention and discipline. It were well that some attention should be given so safety, proper management and supportof the prisoners. If you can dispose of the prisoners we can feed more men and fight more men.

Most respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

MOBILE, April 22, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH:

I am informed that Generals Buckner and Tilgham are in solitary confinement at Fort Warren. Have you sufficiently authentic informa-

