
tion of that fact to justify me in pursuing the same course with Brigadier-General Prentiss, now prisoner of war at Tallageda?

SAM'L JONES,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, April 22, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD.

DEAR SIR: I trust you will not consider the application I am about to make as officious or improper. I desire to ask your early effort toward effecting an exchange for our prisoners recently captured at Island Numbers 10, in the Madrid Bend. My apology for the request may be found in the fact that one of the regiments, commnaded by Colonel John M. Clark, is composed entirely of citizens of Henry County, Tenn., the county in which I reside. I am personally acquainted with very many of them and cherish for alll of them the deepest sympathy and highest regard. I do not known that my humable services could be available in any way toward the accomplishment of the desired object, but would wilingly render any aid in my power. I have just returned from Richmond and beg to tender you my hearfelt thanks for your patriotic, able and chivalrous defense of our great valley. Long may you live to wear the chaplet your amrs have won, and may its garlands grow greener and fresher as they grow older.

Your friend and obedient servant,

JNO D. C. ATKINS.

[Indorsement.]

Answer: He has already sent to offer to exchange prisoners but for the present the enemy decline. He desires me to thank you for your kind wishes.

SALISBURY, N. C., April 22, 1862.

General JOHN H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: A letter from my father received on the 8th instant, in which he makes some suggestions in regard to my exchange, induces me to write to you. I was captured on the 1st day of June last and was the first prisoner taken and held by the Confederate Government. At the time of my capture I was a private soldier, but since that time have been appointed to a lietuenancy. My father after mentioning this circumstances says:

If you would apply through the chief officer having you in charge for leave to come here (to Washington) on a parole of say thirty days you could readily obtain an exchange of a prisoner of equal rank.

Therefore if there bo such a parole being granted and you will select a C. S. officer now held by the United States as a prisoner of war with the same rank as myself I am confident the exchange will be arranged to the satisfaction of all parties.

Hoping to have an early reply, I remain, general, your obedient, humble servant,

MANUEL C. CAUSTEN,

First Lieutenant, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry.

[Indorsement.]

The action of his Government alone has prevented a general exchange which this Government has sought. Indivdual exchanges are discontinued. A general exchange is desired to be effected.

