
and a second could be probably used in exchange for Lieutenant B. P. Loyall, C. S. Navy, who was also captured at Roanoke Island and is now on parole.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 25, 1862.

General SAM. JONES:

I am instructed by the Secretary of War to say that the prisoners from Cahaba and Montgomery may be sent to such points in Georgia as yourself and the Government of Georgia may settle.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

MOBILE, April 25, 1862.

Governor J. E. BROWN, Middlegeville, Ga.:

Secretary of War orders me to send prisoners of war-about 1,800- to such point in Georgia as you and I can agree on. Where shall I send them?

SAM'L JONES,

Major-General.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., April 26, 1862.

Honorable REUBEN DAVIS, Richmond.

DEAR SIR: Some of my friends having interested themselves in endeavoring to a bring about an exchange of prisoners for my benefit and the benefit of some of my friends now held as prisoners of war at this place I have presumed to solicit your influence in procuring our release by an exchange, as we are your consituents and believe that humanity will influence your actions in this matter. A prominent member of the Federal Congress from this State who has much influence at Washington has pledged himself that if the authorities South with pledge themselves to relase the same number of his constituents of the same rank we shall be released. I refer you to General Charles Calrk, Major W. H. Haynes, on General Clark's staff; Honorable A. B. Dilwort, formerly secretary of state, and Colonel J. M. Walker, chief of wagon-master's department at Corinth.

I am, dear sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. P. JONES,

Commissary Department.

ROCKY MOUNT, N. C., April 28, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: My son, Lieutenant William Biggs, of Seventeenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, was released as a prisoner from Fort Warren on parole with B. R. Holt to be exchanged for Lieutenant Merril, of all which your Department is fully advised. It was thought by your predecessor that the proposed exchange was unqual and unfair and was therefore disapproved of and I wrote the Secretary that my son would immediately surrender himself again a prisoner rather than compromise the self-respect of our Government in the slighest degree. He reported himself to General Huger at Nortfolk, prepared to return, but General Huger sent him home with an indefinite extension of his parole. Since

