
then the whole of his company have been exchanged (except himself) and have reorganized for the war, elected him first lieutenant and are now in the camp of instruction near Raleigh. He is exceedingly anxious to join his company and be of service. I was informed that General Winder had charge of all matters connected with the exchange of prisoners and therefore I wrote him on the subject. He replied that my son is not yet exchanged and "as soon as his exchange is reported at this office I will cheerfully advise you of it". From this I infer that I was misinformed as to General Winder having the authority to make exchanges and therefore ventureto make an appeal directly to you. I certainly do not desire for my son any peculiar favor and would not ask it, but he has now been at home for three months under a special parole for thirty days. He was among the first prisoners taken in the war (August, 1861.) He is the only member of his company not exchanged. He has been promoted by the election of his company for the war and unless he is soon exchanged will be entirely thrown out of his company, with which he has bee identified ever since May, 1861, and it would be deeply mortifying to him. And I therefore asking too much when I earnestly ask you if possible to have him exchanged for some Federal officer of the same grade (he was second lieutenant) immediately? I am well aware of the difficulties about exchanges and I suppose there will be objections to making special exchanges until some general plan is agreed upon, but I do respectfully submit this case in entitled to favor, particularly when so many of my son's fellow-prisoners have been already exchanged by our Government and who were released upon special parole. Be kind enough, my dear sir, to give this matter your attention and excuse the solicitude of a father who is anxious that the hands of his son may be unfettered and he prepared to strike another blow against the infamous enemy that is polluting the soil of our State.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ASA BIGGS.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1862.

Major-General HUGER, Nortfolk:

As General Wool sees no obstacle to a fair and honorable exchange of prisoners I shall initiate such an example by sending back the noncommissioned officers and privates. About them there can be no controversy. I shall send a list of the commissioned officers in our possession and on parole and request that you will obtain a list of our commissioned officers similarly situated. We shall then be enabled to make a general exchange and to avoid the inconvenience of partial exchanges.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENTOF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., April 29, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I send inclosed a copy* of a letter from General Wool concerning persons who have been tried for giving information to the United States and been condemend and sentenced.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Omitted here; Wool to Huger, April 26, p. 497.

---------------

