
Whereas, at the battle of Pea Ridge, in Benton County, Ark., on the 7th and 8th of March last between the forces of the Confederate States and the United States, Captain Richard Fields, Surg. James P. Evans, Hospital Steward W. N. Evans and Private James Pidey, members of the regiment of Cherokee Mounted Rifles, commanded by Colonel John Drew, and William Reese, a member of the regiment of Cherokee Mounted Rifles, commanded by Colonel Stand Watie, were taken prisoners by the United States and are still held as such; and whereas, seven U. S. soldiers were prisoners on the 6th of the same month near Benetonville, Ark., by the command of Colonel John Drew and were delivered to the officers of the Confederate States and it is believed were subsequently exchanged: Therefore be it.

Resolved, That the principal chief be requested to present these facts to the President of the Confederate States and solicit his interference and aid in obtaining the release, by exchange or otherwise, of the before-named officers and privates and any others, if there be such, belonging to said Cherokee regiments.

Resolved, That in the opinion of the Nation Council the war now existing between the said United States and the Confederate States and their Indian allies should be conducted on the most humane principles which govern the usages of war among civilized nations, and that it be and is earnestly recommended to the troops of this nation in the service of the Confederate States to avoid any acts toward captured or fallen fores that would be incompatible with such usages.

Tahlequah, C. N., April 30, 1862.

THOS. PEGG,

President National Council.

JOSHUA ROSS,

Clerk National Council.

Concurred.

SPRING FROG,

Speaker Council.

T. B. WOLFE,

Clerk Council.

Approved.

JNO ROSS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, May 2, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: The garrison of prisoners at Salisbury, N. C., demands your immediate attention, as the citizens of that place have appealed to me for protection. The garrison was put in charage of Major Gibbs with four companies raised for that purpose (special). Since then the number of prisoners has been greatly increased and Major Gibbs has received authority from the late Secretary of War to raise a regiment for the war, and he forthwith proceeded to enlist his guard companies into his regiment, and I understand he is now ordered to take his regiment into camp, leaving the prison to be guarded by the portion of three artillery companies that are now being raised near that locality. These are not provided with arms and are insufficient, and under the management formerly kept over the prisoners there was much disorder and want of discipline.

Under these circumstances the citizens of Salisbury have appealed to me to send up additional forces as a guard to prisoners and a protection to them.

