
The depot of prisoners and military post are under the control and orders of the War Department. I have no jurisdiction over the matter and have no troops for it if I had. But I respectfully ask to the War Department who have charge of this matter not to allow Colonel Gibbs to remove any of the troops from the guards of this prison till others [arrive] and there is ample force and arms to guard it.

There is much apprehension and a feeling of insecurity in Salisbury on this subject which I think is entitled to consideration. In connection with this matter allow me to call your attention to my letter of April 22 on this subject. Every day's experience strengthens the force of those suggestions.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[First indorsement.]

General LEE:

Would it not be well to order some of the troops from Raleigh to Salisbury? As I can give not order without running the risk or confict with ordres I must trouble you to answer the Governor.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

RICHMOND, May 8, 1862.

By paragraph XXIII, Special Orders, Numbers 104, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, the three companies of Colonel Gibb's command are directed to remain at Salisbury.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, May 2, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: In reply to note of Colonel Jordan of yesterday I regret that it is not my power to furnish for headquarters "a list of the wounded of our army who have returned as prisoners by the Federal in the field hospitals". Relying on their honor to execute in good faith a solemn compact and agreement which we fulfilled to the letter on our part, and expecting to remove our men at an early period all records were left in the hands of the surgeons on the field. I will, however, state that Surgeons Alston and Mitchell and Assistant Surgeon Gwin are now detained as prisoners in palpable violation of the agreement above referred to, and some thirty men.

Your obedient servant,

WM. D. LYLES,

Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, May 2, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: For the information of the major-general and by his order I have the honor to submit the following statement: On Sunday, the 6th ultimo, I established a hospital in the field for the care of those of the First Army Corps who might be wounded in the then pending battle betwixt the Confederate forces and those of the Federals. To this

