
COLUMBIA, S. C., May 4, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: Among the prisoners taken by the enemy at Fort Donelson is Captain (or Lieutenant) George T. Moorman, now at Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio. He was when captured on the staff of Brigadier General Bushrod R. Johnson. He acted for some time as my secretary when I officialy accompanied the army in Southeastern Missouri, and I take a warm personal interest in his prompt release. As I see that the system of exchanging prisoners has been renewed I will take it as special personal favor should you procure the exchange or relase on parole of the gallant young officer above named.

I remain, dear sir, with great respect, your obedient servnat,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Lieutenant-Governor of Missouri.

[Indorsment.]

The Government has for the present ceased to grant individual exchanges hoping to effect a general exchange, and finding it impssible to conduct partial exchanges with fairness.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

RICHMOND, May 5, 1862.

His Excellency Governor J. G. SHORTER, Montgomery:

We must rely upon the discertion of the general commanding the department to take the necessary steps for the safety of the prisoners, and will be obliged to you if you will advise and assist him. I think your suggestion a good one and will notify General J. H. Forney of it.

G. W. RANDOLPHM,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., May 5, 1862.

General JOHN H. FORNEY, Mobile:

Governor Shorter suggest that in case of an attack upon Mobile the prisoners at Montgomery should be removed to Columbus or Macon, Ga. As you may be too much occupied in case of attack to attend to their removal I have requested the Governor to advise with and assist you in the matter. You had better communicate with him.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, Mass., May 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. BRUCE.

MY DEAR SIR: Since I had the pleasure of seeing you last in Nashville the fortune of war has sadly changed against me. I am here a prisoner of war with General Mackall who had to surrender at Island Numbers 10, and on whose staff I served last as engineer-in-chief. The space I am allowed to fill being limited I must be short. Captain Alfred Gibbs, of the Third Cavalry, U. S. Army, now on parole, desires to be exchanged. I have been proposed for this exchange. General Mackall and myself have written to General S. Cooper, but as I am longing to return to the army as soon as possible I should be much obliged to you if you would please use your influence with General S. Cooper and the War Department in my behalf at the earliest practicable moment.

