
[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, May 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. BRUCE.

SIR: In accordance with your request I wrote to my friends at Washington in regard to Colonel Hanson's exchange for myself. I am happy to say that I have succeeded in getting my Government to agree to it. They have written to me to that effect and so instructed General Wool. I suppose according to your promise to me I will at once be released and sent home. You will oblige by bringing your influence to bear for that purpose. I have sent the letter to the Secretary of War but have received no anwer as yet. I would suggest that you write to Colonel Hanson's friends and advise them to write to the President and Secretary of War. Generals Preston, Breckinridge and Major R. W. Wooley, if I remember right, are personal friends of the colonel. Your immediate attention to this will place me under many obligations as well as Colonel Hanson. Hoping soon to be able to return to my family,

I remain, yours, respectfully,

GEO. W. NEFF.

RICHMOND, May 11, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER, or

The OFFICER IN COMMAND AT SUFFOLK:

Notify General J. E. Wool that we shall send the prisoners down James River to-morrow, and that we were prevented from sending them last Monday by the movements of the armies. This should be done immediately so that he may steamers to receive them. There will be probably 800 sent. Ask him to what point we shall send the prisoners in North Carolina.

Take up the railroad tracks on both roads east of Sufforlk as far as possible and send the iron of the Seaboard and Roanoke road to Clarksville, and that of the Norfolk and Petersburg road to the junction of the South Side and Richmond and Danville roads. When the troops return from Suffolk continue the same thing westward, letting the last train take up the iron behind it. Remove the rolling-stock of the first road to Weldon or west of it, and that of the other to Petersburg when the troops retire.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 11, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commanding Department of Henrico.

GENERAL: You will prepare all the non-commissioned officers and privates among the prisoners to leave to-night and send them off in the steamers West Point and Curtis Peck, or Northampton, at 8 p. m. Notify Captain Faurrand, C. S. Navy, who has charge of the obstructions that you wish the way cleared for the steamers. Send him the notice this morning and inform him of the hour at which the steamers will reach the barrier as we do not wish any detention there which will afford opportunities of observation. The steamers should proceed down the river to-night as far as Captain Farrand's pickets extend. I

