
believe they are in the neighborhood of Bermuda Hundred, near City Point. This, however, you can learn from him. It wound not be safe to go farther at night as they might encounter the enemy's steamers. They will therefore wait until daylight and then proceed with flags of truce flying until they can communicate with the enemy. Should they encounter the steamers of the enemy they will inform them that the prisoners are sent in pursuance of an understanding with General Wool under which he excepted us to send them down on Monday, but that we had been prevented from doing so by the movements of the armies. Send the prisoners recently captured as well as the others.

List them all and parole them not to serve until discharged. Report to me to-morrow morning what has been done and direct the officer in charge of the prisoners in the interior of North Carolina to list the non-commissioned officers and privates and prepare them to be sent off at short notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, May 11,1 862.

Major-General PEMBERTON:

General Lawton reports 800 prisoners having arrived from Mobile at Macon. Offer to general commanding U. S. troops in your department a general exchange of non-commissioned officers and privates, man for man, and exchange lists of commissioned officers for negotiation for future release.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE.

RICHMOND, May 12, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: The understanding would represent that they enlisted in the service of the Confederate States on the 30the day of March, 1861, as privates and belonged to Company E, First Regiment Florida Volunteers; that on the 9th of October, 1861, in an engagement with the enemy on Santa Rosa Island, near Fort Picknes, Fla., they were captured and taken to Fort Warren, Mass. ; that about the 1st of February, 1862 they were released from prison on parole with an understanding they were to be immediately exchanged; that they arrived at Norfolk, Va., about the 13th of February, 1862, and received transportation to their home (which is Marianna, Fla.) Since that time they have heard nothing from the Department in regard to their exchange. Being desirous of re-entering the service at as early a day as possible they would respectfully ask that some steps be taken to effect their exchange in order that they may be released from their parole and allowed to re-enter the service of the Confederate States.

We are, sir, very respectfully,

BENJ. F. PARKER.

SAML. Y. FINLEY.

[Indorsement.]

Exchange of individuals cannot be effected. Must wait general exchange.

