
RICHMOND, VA., May 13, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, President, &amp;c.

SIR: I urgently beg for the exchange of Captain Imboden. Whilst Captain McLean, of the Ben. McCulloch Rangers, was suspended by sentence of a court-martial from command, Captain Imboden acted as captain and brought that company into good repute and great efficiency. On McLean's return to duty the command of Imboden ceased. McLean was not at Roanoke Island and Imboden was there as a volunteer without position or pay and fought gallantly, as he always did whilst under my command. He has never been commissioned, though I know none more efficient, galant and deserving. I beg that as he has served specially be may be specially exchanged.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

STAUNTON, VA., May 8, 1862.

General H. A. WISE.

DEAR GENERAL: Inclosed I send you a letter written by my brother to the President asking my exchange if it can be effected. If you will present it to him upon some early visit and use your influence with him to effect tis exchange I will be very greatly obliged to you. An exchange just now would be most gratifying to me as it would enable me to go into the service at once in the mountains. I fear the prospect for an exchange of the prisoners of your legion in a body is very poor, but the President is, I understand, granting individual exchanges in some few cases. When the rolls were made up at Roanoke I was greatly at a loss the circumstances that found me there to know how to report myself, but was advised by Colonel Anderson and others to be enrolled as a volunteer aide, which would I think entitle me to an exchange as a private. I hope this conclusion meets with your approbation.

The rangers I think have nearly all re-enlisted or been scattered about by the fall of New Orleans, where they were quartered, so that they cannot again be organized. In the court-martial of Captain McLean I don't think my testimony could be of any importance and telegraphed General Winder to that effect, and hope my absence will not interfere with the trial.

Hoping you will effect my release and add to the obligations imposed by many former kindnesss,

I remain, truly, your obedient servant,

F. M. IMBODEN.

[Sub-inclosure.]

SAUNTON, VA., May 8, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America.

SIR: My brother, F. M. Imboden, was captured at Roanoke Island and paroled as a volunteer aide of General Wise and is now out of the service. As I am organizing my regiment of partisan rangers under authority of the War Department I am exceedingly anxious that he shall command one of my companies. His long service in the mountains last summer qualifies him for most important service to me and the country. As to his soldierly qualifications and character General

