
Question. Who said so?

Answer. The captain of the marines. The double-barreled guns were loaded with buck-shot and the others with balls I was told.

Question. How many men were there on board the Jeff. Davis during this cruise; I mean of her company?

Answer. It was said there were seventy. I never had any means of ascertaining the number but I should think therewere about that many; that is when I was captured. Nine were taken out and put on board my vessel; that reduced their number and made it sixty-one.

Question. Were there persons on board who were termed marines?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What were their duties on board that ship?

Answer. They kept guard over the cabin at night. I cannot say what their duty was otherwise.

Question. Were they armed during the day?

Answer. No, sir; but during the night they were.

Question. What arms had they?

Answer. They had the muskets then, and the captain of marines generally had a pistol or two when he was on deck himself.

Question. Did these men wear any distinctive uniform?

Answer. No, sir; there was no particular uniform on board the vessel; they were dressed just as it happened.

Question. Was there a magazine on board the ship?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you see any powder and balls?

Answer. I saw the powder as it was passed out of the magazine.

Question. Where was it passed?

Answer. On deck to load the guns. Before they captured the Mary Goodell preparations were made for a severe attack on her, and at that time a number of small-arms were carried on deck. That was the only time I saw the magazine opened.

Question. Did you hear any conversation between William Smith and the officers of the Jeff. Davis at the time heleft for the purpose of going on board the Enchantress?

Answer. No, sir. I saw him in conversation with them but I heard nothing of what was said.

Question. you said that William Smith went on board your ship; in what capacity?

Answer. He seemed to have charge of a lot of men who came to take provisions out of the vessel.

Question. You said that you were ordered to go down below when the assault was made on the Enchantress?

Answer. Wewere all ordered to go below or lie down deck except the ordinary crew of a merchant vessel say four or five men. They were about the vessel but the rest were ordered tolie down on deck or go below.

Question. Was there any peculiarity that you noticed about the rigging of this vessel, the Jeff. Davis?

Answer. Her sails were mostly hemp sails; that was one peculiarity which led me to suppose she was a foreign vessel.

Question. Explain that.

Answer. American vessels mostly have cotton sails by which you can tell them very distinctly wherever you see them at sea; they are much whiter than hemp sails.

