
Wise can speak. Is it not possible to effect his exchange? Cannot some Yankee be sent away in exchange for him? There is now a prisoner in your hands, a New Yorker, named Bryson, captured by my brother in person in the mountains of Virginia in October last, unless he has been sent North, who might appropriately it seems to me be exchanged for my brother. I beg that if it be possible such an arrangement be made so that my brother can again enter the field at the head of a company.

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN.

[Indorsement.]

Indiviuals cannot be exchanged at present.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 13,, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,Commanding, &amp;c., Lebanon, Va.:

GENERAL: * * * With regard to the prisoners they had better be exchanged with the officer commanding the Federal troops if he bas any prisoners of ours in his hands, or if not they might be exchanged for paroled men of whom there are a good many in various parts of the country, and I doubt not in your section. * * *

I am, generaly, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CORINTH, May 13, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

I recommend that all privates and medical officers, prisoners of war, at Tuscaloosa be sent immediately beyond our lines on parole. Enemy advancing gradually but with hesitation.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 14, 1862.

You are authorized to cause all privates and medical officers, prisoners of war, at Tuscaloosa to be sent immediately beyond your lines on parole.

S. COOPER.

RICHMOND, VA., May 14, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES, Goldsborough:

In pursuance of an understanding between General Wool and General Huger, the latter acting under the instructions of the Department, I have sent back on parole all the non-commissioned officers and privates among the prisoners here, retaining the commissioned officers. I wish to parole and deliver the non-commissioned officers and privates confined in North Carolina and must request you to ask General Burnisde whether and where he will receive them. If he consents to take them inform me by telegraph; but to prevent day may proceed at once to parole and deliver them. They must be required not to serve against the Confederate States until exchanged.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

