
RICHMOND, May 14, 1862.

General ROBERT E. LEE, Commanding C. S. Army.

SIR: I very respectfully request that you will use your influence with the Government to have me exchange before any general arrangements to exchange prisoners are prefected. I ask that a special case may be made in my favor because I belong to no regiment or company and consequently could be brought immediately into service.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. TAYLOR,

Captain, C. S. Army, on Parole.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War. Captain Taylor was captured at Roanoke Island and was highly commended for his conduct.

R. E. LEE,

General.

FORT WARREN, MASS, May 14, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

I am one of the unfortunate captives of Fort Donelson now a prisoner of war confined in this lonely bastile, and as I have no particular friend to intercede for my exchange I ask the favor of you to please think of my case. I have a large portion of my regiment in the service that was not surrendered. My time will not expire until the 28th of January next and not then if my country needs my service. I have not heard from my family for over four months. Would feel very grateful to Your Honor if you would send a colonel over here with instructions to exchange for myself. I have been studying very hard since my confinement, hoping I would be able to get out and render some service yet in our army, which would afford me a great pleasure. I am satisfied your compliance with my request would not give you reason to regret doing so.

Most respectfully, I have the honor of being your obedient servant,

A. A. HUGHES,

Colonel of Twenty-seventh Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 16, 1862.

Rev. THOMAS W. GILMER, Charlottesville, Va.

SIR: The Department in anticipation of a general exchange of prisoners is not now recommending individual exchanges, but if General Jackson should have an opportunity to effect your exchange the Department will interpose no objection. You are at liberty to present this note to General Jackson.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

