
present hoping to effect a general exchange and finding it impossible to conduct partial exchanges with fairness.

Your obedient servnat,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Brigadier General H. A. Wise, Richmond, Va.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE APPOMATTOX,May 20, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I transmit copies of two letters* received this morning at City Point by flag of truce from Fort Monroe. I also inclose you my reply+ to General Wool which will be dispatched this evening.

As I considered my fromer proposition to exchange the privateersmen approved I have made positive and definite propositions to General Wool at once without waiting further instructions, believing and hoping they correspond with your views.

The letters will expalin themselves and I beg you will give all necessary instructions to carry out the agreement if General Wool performs his part.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 20, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga, Tenn.

GENERAL: The following is a copy of a dispatch received at these headquarters:

MOBILE, May 19, 1862.

General E. K. SMITH:

The following dispatch was sent to-day to Governor Shorter, of Alabama:

"General Beauregard directs to have relase on parole in his name not to serve during the war until regularly exchanged all surgeons and privates taken at Shiloh. Take duplicate descriptive rolls and send with these prisoners to commanding officer at Chattanooga subject to orders of General E. K. Smith; officers and non-commissioned officers to be retained as prisoners".

J. H. FORNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The major-general commanding directs that upon the arrival at Chattanooga of the prisoners referred to in the above telegram you will send them as soon as practicable and with all proper precuations out of our lines and to those of the Federal Army commanded by General Mitchell.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

J. F. BELTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Omitted here; Wool to Huger, two letters, May 19, p. 553.

+ Omitted here; Huger to Wool. May 20, p. 556.

---------------

