HDQRS. DEPT. OF EAST TENN., OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,May 21, 1862.

J. F. BELTON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Herewith I respectfully submit the organization* of the department of provost-marshal for East Tennessee. It is nearly though not enitrely complete. There are some more private police needed who will be employed as the right men can be selected. The operation of the law in this department seems to be working as well as could be excepted when the deep rooted disaffection is considered. Many are returning from Kentucky and many more expected to return, arrangements having been made by their friends to bring them. By this time the fact of the suspection of the conscript bill in East Tennessee is in the camp of the enemy in readable from which must work advategeously and tend to demoralize the enemy. Inclosed in card* sent into their camp. I respectfully desire that the rank (if any) and the pay of each be fixed and also to be instructed by whom the officers, employes and expenses of the department are to be paid.

[W. M. CHURCHWELL,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.]

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, May 21, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War Confederate States, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have been informed that Major Vogdes, now a prisoner of war at Richmond, is desirous of being exchanged and states that he has been officially informed that such exchange would be granted by the Confederate States for any major at Fort Warren. If consistent with the views of the Confederate authorities I have the honor to request that you will send me in waiting a statement of your willingness to exchange Major Vogdes for myself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. S. COSBY,

Major, Provisional Army, C. S.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,Commanding, &amp;c., Tallahassee.

GENERAL: I have received from the Adjutant and Inspector General a copy of your letter to Colonel Hopkins, with certain indorsement by you, and the letter of the commanding officer of the Seneca. Your instructions to Colonel Hopkins in relation to the proposed visit of alleged citizens of Florida and the exchange of prisoners are fully approved. You are authorized to make proper arrangements for the equal exchange of military prisoners, according to the proposition of the Federal officer, and designate such place of meeting for that purpose as you may deem proper. The subject of pickets shooting is left entirely to your own discretion also. You will of course consent to no proposition which will prevent you from affording the most ample protection to property.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

