
remain on parole until exchange for others. If not interrupted by movements in the field I will promise to have the officers forwarded as soon as possible, and will send notice to any of your vessels and request you may be notified to send for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

BENJAMIN HUGER,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, May 23, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN HUGER, Petersburg:

I omitted to inform you that the hostages are at Salisbury, N. C., and can be easily delivered at City Point if the exchange is agreed on. I have directed the Adujutant-General to forward the cartel mentioned in your letter, which has been received since my last telegraph.

G. W. RANDLOPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, May 23, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: I inclose a copy of correspondence* between General McDowell and myself which resulted from the instructions contained in your letter of 18th current. I inclose also a copy of a general order+ inclosed to me by General McDowell some days since.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servnat,

JOSEPH R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, May 23, 1862.

Lieutenant J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of State (late of War).

SIR: On the 18th of March last you grave me a letter of which the following is a copy:

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 18, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON, Richmond.

SIR: You are relased from your parole and may resume service at pleasure. I will at an early day indicate to you the name of the officer from whom you are exchanged as we have the choise of several already surrendered to the enemy.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

This letter speaking in verba de presenti and you stating to me verbally that I was exchanged then I under orders from the Adjutant-General founded on this letter joined my regiment, went into active service, was finally wounded in action and sent home invalided. On reaching Richmond imagine my surprise at learing not only that I was not exchanged, that the U. S. authorities had not assented to it, that no Federal officer had been designated for exchange for me, but actually that the records of the War Department did not show even your letter to me or any memorandum whatever of the transaction.

---------------

* Omitted here; see Anderson to McDowell, May 21, and its inclosure, p. 565, and McDowell's answer, May 22, p. 566.

+ Omitted here; see p. 545.

---------------

