
All European vessels have hemp sails, and you can usually tell whether a vessel at sea is an American or foreign vessel by the sails when you see nothing else.

Question. The it is to some extent a badge of nationality?

Answer. You vert seldom see a U. S. vessel particularly of that class with hemp sails. The Jeff. Davis had, and she was rigged very much like a foreign vessel. They asked meif the French flag and hemp sails had deceived me and I told them yes.

Question. Who asked you that?

Answer. The first lieutenant, Postell. He said they tried to get her as much like a French vessel as possible before they left for the sake of deceiving our ships.

Question. At what distance would one on the sea observe the guns of this brig?

Answer. I did not observe them until I was within half a mile of her, as they were kept covered up. Thinking she was a merchant vessel we did not suspect anything until we were right underneath her guns; and the otehrs told me it was the same with them.

Question. How were the guns kept covered up?

Answer. They had a large canvas covering that they had painted and thrown over the long swivel gun. The waist guns were also covered up with canvas.

Question. Was the canvas painted black?

Answer. I cannot say what color it was painted.

Question. What was the color of the vessel?

Answer. She was painted black.

Question. When was this covering removed?

Answer. It was removed about the time they wanted to fire the guns.

Question. Did they fire a gun when they captured your ship?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. From what gun and in what direction was it fired?

Answer. From the swivel gun.

Mr. WHARTON (to the witness). Not at the ship but across the bow to bring you to I suppose.

The WITNESS. We were running to the eastward and the gun was fired so as to make the ball cross alongside of us.

Mr. ASHTON. Was it not a blank cartridge?

Answer. No, sir; a ball.

Question. Were Captain Devereux and the mate of the Enchantress released with you?

Answer. Yes, sir; on the ship Mary Goodell.

Question. What reason did the captain of the Jeff. Davis give for the release of Captain Devereux and Mr. Page and the rest of you?

Answer. He did not give me any himself; Ihad if from the other officers. The ship drew too much water to allow her to be got into a Southern port, and her cargo was not of much value being mostly lumber.

Question. What ship?

Answer. The Mary Goodell.

Answer. I should think shewas about 700 tons and drew eighteen feet of water. They then had twenty-one prisoners on board the jeff. Davis, and they did not want any more then. Besides they wanted to reserve their cre for more valuable prizes.

