
And thus, sir, I have been placed by your action in a most disagreable and delicate position and exposed to the imputation of having violated my honor, sacred above all things to me at least, and not only that but have been also exposed to all the risks of capture and the consequent indignity to which I would have been subjected as a violator of parole. My safety as an officers has thus been jeopardized and my honor as a man seriously compromised, and you can readily understand that I must have it vindicated; andI demand therefore that you at once take measures to put me rectus in curia by giving me a full and complete statement of the transaction and publicly freeing me from all blame.

I have the honor to remain, yours &amp;c.,

GEO. S. PATTON,

Colonel Twenty-second Virginia Volunteers.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, May 23, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

I wrote to youa day or two ago in reference to exchanging Major Vogdes for myself. I now awail myself of Colonel Hanson's going to write again to uruge upon you the same thing.

Hoping that the press of public business may not prevent your doing what I ask,

I am, sir, very, respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. B. COSBY,

Major, Provisional Army, C. S.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Hanson is authorized to take this letter to Fort Monroe and show it to Major-General Wool, who is requested to allow the colonel to take it to Richmond.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, May 23, 1862.

Major N. R. CHAMBLISS, Commanding Post, Grenada Miss.

MAJOR: Your telegram of this date inquiring whether the commissary or quatermaster pays the board, expness, &c., of prisoners has been submitted to the commander of the forces who instructs me to reply as follows by letter: Expenses incurred in subsisting prisoners of war are defrayed by the subsistence department; clothing, transportation, &c., by the quartermaster's department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

[GEORGE WM. BRENT,]

Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,May 23, 1862.

Colonel H. B. Y. WILLIAMS, Hickory Withe Depot:

The general commanding having been informed that there are certain persons in your vicinity engaged in buying up cotton with a view of

