
selling or bartering the same to the enemy you are hereby authorized to arrest all such persons and place them in the custody of the nearest commandant of a post. You will also destroy all cotton bought with a view of speculation or barter with enemy, having due care, however, not to seize upon any that has been pruchased for Government purposes.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

F. H. JORDAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Robert B. Bone, Hickory Withe.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE APPOMATTOX,Petersburg, May 24, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I received on the 22nd instant a long letter from Captain William Smith, of the U. S. steamer Wachusett, complaining of the capture of several of the officers and men of his vessel who went on shore at City Point, the doctor going to visit a sick lady and the other officers accompanying him for their recreation. He alludes to white flags being shown from the houses and no Confederate flag being displayed or any signs that troops were in the neighborhood, and claims these persons should not be considered prisoners. I send you a copy of my anwer* to his letter.

I received yesterday a letter from Commodor Goldsborough on the same subject, and send you herewith a copy of his letter and my reply+, all of which I hope meets your views.

Would it not be well to notify the governor of the military prison at Salisburyto send me the prisoners held as hostages for privateers when I demand them? If General Wool perfomrs his promise as stated in his letter of the 22nd instant I will telegraph for the hostages to come on and be delivered up on a day named by us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Corinth, Miss., May 24, 1862.

[General G. T. BEAUREGARD.]

GENERAL: In compliance with your order to make an official synopsis of the accompanying papers relating to the exchange of 200 Confederate prisoners captured by the enemy at the battle of Pea Ridge I have the honor to submit the following:

On the 26th of March, 1862 (see paper++ marked red ink 1), Major-General Price, of the Confederate Army, and Major-General Curtis, of the Federal Army, signed a written agreement for an exchanged of prisoners. This paper stipulat4ed that the prisoners held by General Price should be immediately escorted beyond the lines of the Confederate Army, provided with enough rations to subsist them until they reached Fayettevill, Ark; that they were to be kept on parole until General

---------------

* Omitted here; Huger to Smith, May 24, p. 593.

+ Both omitted here; Goldsborough to Huger, May 22, p. 569; Huger's reply, May 24, p. 529.

++ Omitted here; see p. 405.

---------------

56 R R-SERIES II, VOL III

