HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE APPOMATTOX,Drewry's Farm, May 27, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: Please authorize me to send for the prisoners lately held as hostages for our privateersmen whenever I may need them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Note in pencil.] - A messenger goes to General Huger in the morning.

A. G. O.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, May 27, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to inclose a report* of the officers held as prisoners held as hostages for the privateersmen.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., May 27, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I see from the papers that Captains Spriggs and Triplett, regularly commissioned under the law of Virginia in the ranger service, have been captured by the enemy and it is announced in their papers that they will be hung. If they shall be executed I think retaliation should follow promptly.

The object of this communication is to bring the subject to the attention of the Confederate authorities for their consideration. These gentlemen acting under the authority of the State with commissions issued in pursuance of law and under the seal of the State are entitled to protection, and to insure that protection we must let Mr. Lincoln understand that for every man of this class who shall be executed we will executed in like manner one of corresponding grade selected from the prisoners in our custody.

I ask therefore that two Federal captains shall be designated either by lot or otherwise who shall be subjected to the same punishment that the Linclon officers may visit upon Captains Spriggs and Triplett, the same rule also to apply to privatesin the ranger companies.

I will be obliged to you for an early reply.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

RICHMOND, May 28, 1862.

Colonel JAMES KENT, Selma:

You can parole fro a limited time Colonel Madison Miller, Major William M. Stone and Captain Patrick Gregg for the purpose of procuring an exchange of prisoners, and to return if not successful within the time.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* Not found, but see Cogswell to Thomas, November 11, 1861, p. 130, and Winder to Benjamin, November 12, 1861, p 740, for names of hostages held for the privateersmen.

---------------

