HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, June 4, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Parole the Federal prisoners if not received by Michetel and send them across the lines. When in your opinion there is necessity for re-enforcements because of advance of enemy upon Chattanooga telegraph and a regiment will be sent to you.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 5, 1862.

Major-General LOVELL, Jackson, Miss.:

You will send a flag of truce* to General Bulter and inform him that you have heard that he has put prominent citizens of New Orleans to labor with bal and chain. Say to him that we shall retaliate if such be the fact, but will wait for a contradiciton if he thinks fit to make it.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CAMP JACKSON, NEAR SAIN MARK'S LIGHT-HOUSE,

June 5, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that a small boat came into the Saint Mark's Light-House under a falg a truce from the blockade bark Kingfisher at about 4 o'clock p. m. on the 5th instant, bearing a written dispatch directed to the commanding officer at Saint Mark's, or in his absence Lieutenant Commander C. P. McGarry, C. S. Navy, the bearer of which stated that they would call on the present istant at 10 o'clock a. m. for a reply. The dispatch was signed by Jos. P. Couthoy, acting lieutenant commander U. S. bark Kingfisher, in which was expressed an opinion that Acting Master Samuel Curtis with the survivors of the watering party were captured in the Aucilla River on the 2nd instant, &amp;c., and that the prisoners taken by our troops on the 2nd would receive such treatment as humanity and the civilization of the age claim for persons in their situation, and a request that he be permitted to send them their clothing, and also a request that he be furnished with a pass for a burying party to go down with a flag of truce and place the remains of his late shipmates in security, &c. ; also contains other request all of which will be found in said dispatch, a copy of which together with the original letter mentioned in said dispatch I inclose+ herewith.

I replied promptly to the dispatch, informing Lieutenant Couthouy that Mr. Crutis with the survivors of his party were captured by our troops and were held prisoners of war, and assured him that as long as our countrymen who have been son unfortunate as to fall into his hands should be treated with humanity and kindness his should fare equally well in our custody. I also autorized him to deliver such clothing and other articles as he desired to be sent to Mr. Crutis for the use of himself and party to Lieutenant Maxwell at Saint Mark's

---------------

* See Lovell to Bulter, June 5, p. 652, and Bulter's answer, June 6, p. 656.

+ Omitted here; Couthouy to McGarry, and inclosure, June 5, p. 648.

---------------

