
Question. Did they visit the Mary Goodell?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How many went on board of her?

Answer. A large boat load - I cannot say what number; some marines with cutlasses andmuskets.

Mr. HARRISON. That was after the defendant had left. I do not know that is evidence in this case.

Judge GRIER. This is only part of the history of the conduct of this vessel to show what her character was. So far as that is concerned it may properly be given in evidence.

Mr. ASHTON. Were any of the contents of the Mary Goodell removed from her?

Judge GRIER. That seems to be getting beyond the transaction.

Mr. HARRISON. I presume we are not to be affected by any unlawful acts committed by others.

Mr. ASHTON. I will not press that Mr. Fifield; how did you get into Philadelphia?

The WITNESS. The ship Mary Goodell went to Portland and from there I came to Philadelphia by the usual route.

Cross-examined by Mr. WHARTON:

Question. You have been master of a vessel and know somewhat of the usages of the sea?

Answer. Yes, sir; I have been long enough on the sea to know something of it.

Question. Firing a shot across the bow of a vessel is a sort of invitation to her to stop and not to go on; is it not ordinarily so understood?

Answer. Yes, sir; a blank cartridge is generally so understood.

Mr. WHARTON. A blank cartridge does not pass in front of the bow.

Judge CADWALADER. The witness is right; the first shot is a blank.

The WITNESS. The first is a blank cartidge; next a ball.

Mr. WHARTON. But I mean to say the firing across the bow is of course not a firing at the vessel. It is an intimation, a very distinct one, to the vessel that she is not to go ahead.

The WITNESS. That is the intimation I took. I expected that the next shot would come into me.

Mr. WHARTON. You have spoken of certain preparations made on the deck of the vessel in regard to the pivot gun which you say was turned round so as to follow the Enchantress. I understood you to say that when she was about three miles off you were ordered below?

Answer. Yes, eir.

Question. When you were below you could hardly see the praprations on deck could you?

Answer. Wecould see themat work on the swivel. The cabin was not very low; it was half under deck and half on deck.

Question. I wanted to understand whether you could actually see what was going on; you say you could?

Answer. Yes, sir. The cabin was half under and half on deck so that you could stand and see what was going on.

Question. You have mentioned already several officers who were on board the Jeff. Davis. Just tell us if you please who the officers were,

