
Light-House, and assured him that I would have them safely conveyed to the commander of the Confederate forces at Tallahassee, who would I had no doubt dispose of them as he requested.

I also informed him that only two of his men were killed in the skirmish, and that our troops not having the proper appliances at hand intrusted their burial to some citizens in the vicinity. I also authorized him to send down a boat crew under a flag of truce to have remains of his shipmates more securely interred, giving him a pass to that effect, and calling on all good and loyal citizens of the Confederate States to respect said flag and permit the party to pass to the place of burial unmolested during Friday and Saturday, the 6th and 7th instant. I also informed him that that two of his men were slightly wounded, and that they were placed in the hospital at Tallahassee, where they have the best medical and other attention.

I also informed him that all other matters mentioned in his communication would be referrd to the commanding officer at Tallahassee and that he should receive a reply at an reply at an early day.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. W. GWYNN,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment Tallahasee Guards.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 129. Richmond, June 5, 1862.

* * * *

XX. By direction of the President the writ of habeaus corpusis suspended in the city of Salisbury, N. C., and throughout the surrounding country to the extent of one mile. Captain A. C. Godwin, in charge of the prisoners at Salisbury, will deliver no prisoners to the civil authorities.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Knoxville, Jun 6, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Send the prisoners south if transportation can be had; if not to be had then send them in this direction. Remove all the stores to Atlanta and Marietta. Make your preparations to destroy whatever cannot be removed in the event the evacuation of Chattanooga becomes necessary. But hold the places as long as possible. Reynold's brigade has been ordered to re-enforce you and should reach you Sunday. If Chattanooga cannot be held because of great superiority of enemy have your transportation ready to retreat to Cleveland and destroy the road behind you and toward Dalton after supplies have been removed.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

