HEADQUARTERS HUGER'S DIVISION, June 6, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: As authorized by you I sent a flag of truce to the enemy's lines last evening requesting permission to recover the bodies of several of our officers supposed to have been killed in the late actions. I received a reply from Brigadier-General Hooker stating my letter had to be referred to the commanding general and he would give an answer at 10 a. m. to-day*. On sending at that hour I received a letter signed by Brigadier-General Sickles, marked A. This afternoon I received a second letter from General Sickles (copy sent marked B). You will perceive some of the officers supposed to be killed are wounded and prisoners. I havd now dispatched another flag stating the limits I wish to examine, and hope to recover the bodies of those still missing. I could only ask to examine the position on the Willimsubrg road, as I did not know the other positions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure A.]
HDQRS. ADVANCE, ON THE OLD STAGE ROAD,June 6, 1862-11. 40 a. m.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that General Pettigrew, although severely wounded, is alieve and doing well and is not deemed to be in any danger. Colonel Lightfoot and Lieutenant-Colonel Long are prisoners and well. And I am instructed to add that you will be permitted to send a party to search for the bodies referred to in your communication of yesterday. If you will acquaint me with the limits within which you desire to have the search made the time will be indicated when the party may come within the Union lines. The commanding general has several letters for General Lee, General Johnston and others, and these will be sent to the front in the course of the day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure B.]
HDQRS. ADVANCE, ON THE OLD STAGE ROAD,June 6, 1862-12. 40 p. m.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding, &c.

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that the commanding general will send under flag of truce by way of Mechaniscville the letters addressed to General Lee and General Johnston, referred to in my communication to you dated 11. 40 a. m. to-day; and I have the pleasure to add that Colonel Bratton, one of the officers alluded to in yor communication of yesterday, was not killed in the recent battles. He was wounded, but it is believed not dangerously, and is a prisoner in our hands. The fate of Colonel Davis has not yet been ascertained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servnat,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* General Hooker's letter not found.

---------------

