
to be detailed from the commissioned officers of his command, appointing also a suitable officer as judge-advocate.

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

[GEORGE WM. BRENT,]

Acting Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 9, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to forward to the Department a letter* from Major-General McClellan, commanding U. S. forces near Richmond. With reference to that part of the communication of General McClellan which refers to the exchange of prisoners I respectfully recommend that the necessary steps be taken to effect it. Should the Department approve of the proposition I respectfully suggest that the previous experience of General H. Cobb makes him a suitable person to be selected to arrange the terms of a general exchange on our part, or should it be deemed proper to leave the details of exchange to myself I will gladly undertake to arrange the proper conditions of an exchange which I regard as in every way desirable. So far as the letter of General McClellan refers to furnishing medical supplise for his wounded in our hands I respectfully advise a release on parole of such of the wounded on each side as are condition to be removed. Of course the proposition to supply the enemy's wounded in our hands with medical stores cannot be entertained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, GA., June 9, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond.

SIR: Senator Burnett informed me that when he left Richmond some ten days since Colonel Hanson was at City Point awaiting your assent to the exchange of Lieutenant-Colonel Neff. Not having heard from you I am very apprehensive that you declined the exchange, thereby sending Colonel Hanson back to prison which all his friends would deplore, as you will see by dispatch inclosed from General Breckinridge. I also inclose letter from Neff, with copy of one from S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury, showing that all that is necessary now is your consent and the release of Neff. Hanson is my consitutent, friend and neighbor, and I hope you will regard this appeal for his release, while I remain, with great respect,

Very truly, your obedient servant,

E. M. BRUCE.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CORINTH, May 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. BRUCE:

In answer to your dispatch I regard Colonel Hanson a most valuable officer and his exchange most desirable.

JNO C. BRECKINRIDGE.

---------------

* Omitted here; McClellan to Commanding General Army of Northern Virginia, June 8, p. 663.

---------------

