
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

SALISBURY, June 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. BRUCE.

DEAR SIR: Your letter of 27th May has been duly received; also $20 handed me by Captain Godwin, commander of this post, for which please accept my thanks; also for the efforts you have made for my release. I see by the papers there is a prospect of a general exchange which I hope may take place, but everything of this kind seems to be very uncertain. I hope you efforts may prove effective and that I may soon be permitted to return home. You say it may be the influence of my family in procuring a general exchange is the cause of my not having been released. I assure you I could do ten times more in this way by being home or in Washington than by being here. I inclose you a due bill for $20.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

G. W. NEFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Kentucky Infantry.

P. S. - Since writing the above I have received the following letter from Mr. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury, showing that there is no doubt my being exchanged provided I am released:

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, May 2, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. NEFF.

DEAR SIR: The Secretary of War informed me a day or two since that he had telegraphed General Wool to effect your exchange for Colonel Hanson. I hope therefore soon to see you.

Yours, truly,

S. P. CHASE.

[G. W. N.]

COYNER'S SPRINGS, [NEAR] BONSACK'S, VA., June 9, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: Although your memorandum of papers with my address was handed to Mr. Joynes and although more than a week since I wrote unrgently to the chief of bureau I have not yet received any communication from the Department notifying the completion of my exchange nor even the courtesy of a reply. I mos earnesly beg you to cause me to be informed on the subject so that at least I may know my position. I have ben placed by the Department in a most disagreeable position- officialy informed by it of an exchange and ordered to duty. I was left subjected to imputations, and supposing myself to be a free man and so suposed by the officers of my regiment I was re-elected unanimously colonel. If my exchange is not soon completed I shall be compelled in justice to myself to resign the commission I hold, as it was given me under false impressions. Had I been supposed to be a prisoner I have no idea I would have been re-elected. Under these circumstances, sir, I think I have a right at least to know what answer has been received form General Wool and whether he has accepted the proposed exchange for Colonel Wool or not, and I am sure that you will inform me on the subject.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very respectfully,

GEO. S. PATTON,

Colonel Twenty-second Virginia Regiment.

