
[Indorsement.]

No answer has been received from General Wool. The Department having notified General Wool of the release of Colonel Wood considers the exchange effected.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, June 9, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Atlanta, Ga.

SIR: The general commanding requests that you will inform this department of the number and rank of the Federal prisoners at your place, and especially whether the U. S. officers and privates named in the inclosed list* are amongst them. They have been regularly exchanged and should be forthwith sent by the nearest practicable route to the enemy's lines.

I am, sir, with much respect, you obedient servnat,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Salisbury, N. C., June 9, 1862.

Honorable A. T. BLEDSOE,

Assistant Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: Your letter of June 6 calling my attention to an inclosed statement from Mrs. Wardwell in relation to the treatment of her husband and other policital prisoners in confinement at this place has been received. I have the honor respectfully to report that for a few days after the arrival at this place of a large number of Union men, brigdeburners, spies, and domestic traitors who had been forwarded here from Richmond for safe-keeping, it was in my opinion expedient and necessary to separate the from some 1,500 Federal prisoners who were shortly to be paroled and sent home in order that there might be no communication between them. To do this (the accommodations of the place being limited) I was compelled for a short time to confine the policital prisoners in rather contracted apartments. Since the department of the prisoners of war much more comfortable quarters have been assigned them with a large agrea for fresh air and exercise.

Trusting that this explanation may prove satisfactory,

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GODWIN,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, June 9, 1862.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the reply+ of Major-General McClellan to the communication addressed him on the 8th as also a copy of my letter++ to him and his original letter$ to General Johnston.

Very respectfully,A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

Please acknowledge receipt.

---------------

* Not found.

+ See p. 663.

++ See p. 662.

$ See p. 644.

---------------

