
to be a commission merchant from New Orleans, and will forward him forthwith under guard to these headquarters to answer the charge of giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

II. Captain Todd will after arresting Mr. Harris proceed to Evergreen town and there make dilegent search and inquiry for a large amount of specie said to belong to the banks of New Orleans or to residents of New Orleans and secreted at the house of a Mr. Bassett in Evergreen or in some other place or in the neighborhood, to be shipped to New Orleans, and when said specie is found Captain Todd will take charge of said specie and consult with Mr. Alanson Pearce, of Evergreen, as to the best place of security to put said specie or will bring the same to Opelousas.

III. Captain Todd will arrest Mr. Bassett if the specie is found on his place or under his charge and care, or he will arrest the person or persons on whose place or in whose custody and charge the said specie may be and bring them to these headquarters to answer the charge of aiding and comforting the enemy.

IV. Captain Todd will consult with Mr. A. Pearce and obtain his aid and assistance to effect the search for this money and he will report his action in executing these orders to these headquarters.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, [S. C.,] June 11, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT.

SIR: It is currently reported here (upon the authority of a circumstantial statement in the New York Herald) that the enemy have organized a regiment of negroes at Port Royal officered by while men, and that this regiment is now probably in the vicinity of the city. As these negroes are slaves in open insurrection they are liable by the laws of the State to be hung whenever taken. Some of our citizens seem to apprehend the possiblity of their being treated as prisoners of was and are much excited at the mere thought of such a course. I have assured them that I do not contemplate for a moment any such proceeding on the part of the Government. But to satisfy these gentlemen I have promised to write to you on the subject. It has been suggested whether it might not be expedient to warn the enemy that slaves taken in arms would be summarily dealt with, as well as all whites aiding and abetting them in open insurrection. It does not seem to me necessary to make any such proclamation in advance, but military commanders might be instructed how to proceed in the cases of such captured negroes. As our people have naturally much feeling on this subject I trust it may be my execuse for troubling you with this letter.

Very respectfully, yours,

WM. PROCHER MILES.

[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for attention and reply.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

