
[Second indorsement.]

Inform Mr. Milles that neogres will not be treated as prisoners of war subject to exchange, but will confined until Congress passes an act with regard to them.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Opelousas, La., June 12, 1862.

President DAVIS.

SIR: The New Orleans Delta, now published under Federal auspices, of the 7th instant announces that William B. Mumford has been condemned to be hung for trearing down the U. S. flag from the Mint on its first display on that building, and that the sentence was to be executed on that day in the streets of New Orleans near the Mint. If I am corectly informed the act was committed ont the first lading of the Federal navy officers who hoisted their flag or had it hoisted by a detachment of marines a day or two after their arrival before the city and before its occupation by General Butler.

I do not doubt the sentence was executed. We have four prisoners in this town (two lieutenants and two privates) captured by Captain Fuller, of the militia, in his gallant expedition on the Opelousas Railroad in which he succeeded in burning the bridges of that road and capturing three trains, with their locomotives, cars, &amp;c. One of these lieutenants, [James W.] Connelly by name, has been conspicuous in burning the property of our citizen in Terre Bonne Parish, and has exhibited a fiendish alacrity in executing the atrocious orders of Buttler and his subordinate officers. In retaliating for this brutal murder of Mumford which I take for granted will be done it occurs to me that no more propitiatory sacrifice to his memory can be made than the condemnation of Connelly to the same death. Among the first orders to be executed by the new general whom you will sned to us will I hope be this necessary severity.

* * * *

Very truly, &c.,

[THO. O. MOORE,

Governor, &c.]

OFFICE OF COMMODANT OF POST,

Charlottesville, June 12, 1862.

General RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

GENERAL: Perhaps you will no consider it impertinent in me to call your attention to the fact that the officers lately captured by General Jackson in the Valley passed by this townn and were detained nearly twenty-four hours. They walked about the town and found out that a large quantity of arms were here and they were already acquainted with the fact that a very large amount of army stores were at Mechum's River, twelve miles above this town. Therefore these fellows if exchanged shortly will at once make known to the Federal Army of the Valley how easy it would be for a few companies of cavalry to make a dart here or at Mechum's River and to burn all these arms and stores. Their officers were generally and undignified, low, ill-bred, impudent set of fellows, and inferring from their conversation I believe think it brave and glorious to disregard pledges or paroles to rebels.

