
the public service communicate to this House all correspondence with the English, French, Spanish and other Government with reference to the right of blockade, privateering and the recognition of the so-called Confederate States.

BEVERLY, VA., July 13, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Have received from Pegram proposition for surrender with his officer and remnant of his command, sat 600 men. Have accepted surrender agreeing to treat them with the kindness due prisoners of war, but stating that it was not in my power to relieve them from any liability incurred by taking arms against the United States. They are said to be extremely penitent and determined never again to take arms against the General Government. I shall have nearly 900 or 1,000 prisoners to take care of when Pegram comes in. The question is an embarrassing one. Please give me immediate instructions by telegraph as to the disposition to be made of officers and men taken prisoners of war. I recommend that course as in many instances calculated to produce an excellent effect upon the deluded masses of the rebels.

The latest accounts make the loss of the rebels in killed some 150.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 44. Washington, July 13, 1861.

I. In compliance with a resolution of the House of Representatives the Secretary of War directs that officers report to this office the names and residenced of all prisoners that my be hereafter taken and released upon their oath of allegiance to the United States. In like manner officers will report the names and residences of all prisoners who have been taken and released upon their oath of allegiance to the United States previous to this date.

* * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[JULY 13, 1861. -For reports, correspondence, &amp;c., relating to the surrender of Lieutenant Colonel John Pegram at Rich Mountain, W. Va., see Series I, Vol. II, p. 193 et seq.]

WASHINGTON, July 14, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN, U. S. Army, Beverly, Va.:

You have the applause of all who are high in authority here.

Discharge all your prisoners of war under the grade of commissioned officers who shall willingly take and subscribe a general oath in these tersm:

I swears (or affirm) that I will not take up arms against the United States or serve in any military capacity whatsoever against them until regularly discharged according to the usges of war from this obligation.

