
By Mr. HARRISON:

Question. Was not the shot of which you speak as having been discharged by the Jeff. Davis discharged at such an angle as to make it impossible for it to take effect upon the John Welsh?

Answer. I cannot say at what angle the ballwas hot. I heard the ball go by whizzing.

Question. How far ahead of the bow did it pass?

Answer. I did not see. I heard it but did not see it.

Question. Are you not sailor enough to know that it passed sufficiently ahead of the bow to make it impossible that it should take effect?

Answer. It might have hit the spars.

Mr. WHARTON. That was the shot at the John Welsh - not at the Enchantress.

The WITNESS. Yes, sir; I am positive no shot was fired at the Enchantress.

Re-examined by Mr. ASHTON:

Question. you have been a sailor for several years?

Answer. About sixteen years.

Question. You have come across naval vessels of the united States frequently on the sea?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you ever know a vessel of the U. S. Navy fire first a shot to bring a vessel to?

Answer. No, sir; not of any other navy. A blank is always fired first.

Question. was there any cargo on board the Jeff. Davis?

Answer. None that I know of. I should think not as she was very light.

Re-cross-examined by Mr. WHARTON:

Question. Did you ever know a vessel of the United States bring a merchantman to without firing at all, ball or blank cartridge?

Answer. I do not know that I ever did.

Question. Then this was a singular instance in the case of the Enchantress of the Jeff. Davis bringing her to without any firing?

Answer. Yes, sir. It was because she hove to before there was any occasion to fire; but all the preparations were made. She was so close that it was not necessary to fire a shot to bring her to.

JOHN L. PRIEST recalled and re-examined by Mr. ASHTON:

Quesiton. I omitted yesterday to ask you one or two questions that may or may not be important. What was the gross value of thecargo on board the Enchantress in round numbers? I do not want you to be very particular.

Answer. I could hardly make an estimate; but I should judge from the papers I have since seen about the salvage cause that the cargo cost from $7,000 to &amp;8,000.

Question. You enumerated yesterday a number of articles that were on board; what were those seventy-five sacks of corn worth?

Answer. About $100 or a little over.

Question. What were those 23,000 feet of white pine boards worth?

