
Mr. ASHTON. From the time you first saw the Enchantress.

Answer. The man at the masthead made a sail about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and of course she drew nigher to her until about 4 o'clock, somewhere toward evening; I cannot state the time exactly. About 7 o'clock they got on board of us. Between these times, 2 o'clock in the afternoon and 7 o'clock in the evening, they took a boat from the Jeff. Davis which was the John Welsh's boat and went on board the Enchantress with the first lieutenant, Mr. Postell. I believe they had arms with them.

Question. How many men?

Answer. I cannot say, but probably from eight to a dozen.

Question. How did they get the John Welsh's boat?

Answer. They took it from the John Welsh.

Question. Was it a large boat?

Answer. A pretty good sized boat.

Question. A larger boat then any of the boatd of the Jeff. Davis or smaller?

Answer. Larger.

Question. How do you know they were armed?

Answer. I believe they used to conceal the arms about them because I saw them take them from different places about them. The second lieutenant showed me where he concealed his arms underneath his stockings in his shoe. His knife was in a place made for it between his pants and drawers by the calf of his leg. I saw him take the knife from there and then he told me that was where he carried it.

Question. Where did you see that?

Answer. On board the Jeff. Davis.

Question. Prior to the capture of the Enchantress?

Answer. I cannot say as to that.

Question. At what timedid Captain Devereux and the mate of the Enchantress come on board the Jeff. Davis?

Answer. Between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening.

Question. Were your ordered below when the vessel came up?

Answer. I was.

Question. At what time were your ordered below?

Answer. Sometime before they came up to us; I should say they were four or five miles off when we were ordered below.

Question. And you were kehat time?

Answer. Unti; l they had captured her. I looked up through the skylight and saw them haul down the French flag and hoist what they called the Confederate flag; I never saw that flag before in my life.

Question. And then you were allowed to go on deck after the capture? What do you mean by after the capture? After the vessel sailed?

Answer. No; after they had taken charge of her.

Question. After who had taken charge of her' the lieutenant?

Answer. Yes, sir; and his crew from the brig Jeff. Davis.

Question. Did you see the lieutenant and his crew return to the Jeff. Davis?

Answer. O, yes.

