
[CHAP. LXIV.

[JANUARY 17, 1861.]

Honorable J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Will you require me in Virginia? Shall I return by Charleston or shall I go direct to Jackson? Has copy of ordinance been

forwarded? What do you wish in relation thereto?

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[1.]

WASHINGTON, January 17, 1861.

JOSEPH R. DAVIS,

Jackson, Miss.:

I am still sick. Expect to leave in three days. Have not received the copy of secession ordinance, nor Governor's answear as to Virginia.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, January 18, 1861.

Honorable JOHN D. RATTHER,

President of the Senate:

SIR: In obedience to a resolution of the Senate I herewith transmit the several military orders issued by me from this department in regard to the forts and arsenal in Alabama and to the expedition to Pensacola, the latter being done under resolution of the convention of the State of Alabama. Theorders in reference to taking the forts and arsenal at Mobile were made upon my own responsibility, and all the companies taken after they were secured. Receiving information not now proper to be disclosed, I ordered six companies to Mobile from the interior to protect the forts. Upon their arrival two of the companies who had been stationed at Fort Morgan since its seizure were discharged. In consequence of 500 volunteers being sent from Mississippi to Pensacola having made up about 250 of the men intended to be sent from Mobile, I have ordered four other companies to Pensacola from the interion, which constitutes about the number of 500 men of ordered under the resolution of the convention. It will be seen from the orders that several companies were ordered to rendezvous at this place for the purpose of marching to Pensacola at a moment's warning. These orders were made in consequence of receiving dispatches from Pensacola and other places showing the necessity of the movement. Having received other information not now proper to be disclosed, these orders have been countermanded. In all I have done I have had due regard to the public safety and economy. I trust that the securing of the forst and arsenal, with a very large amount of arms, ammunition, &amp;c., and the probable prevention of a large expediture of money and blood under the circumstances, will be a sufficient justification of my acts in taking and securing them without the authoritctfully,

A. B. MOORE.

[1.]

