
to effect a lodgment at Columbus, fortify that place, and with a strong invading column turn my works, attack them in reverse, crush my supporting force, capture the guns, and open the river. The northern portion of Tennessee is unfavorable, from the extent of open country, for arresting the movement, except with a larger force than is at my command. I have men in great abundance, but we are sadly off for arms. I could have 20,000 men in the field in ten days if I could arm them. I have now plenty of heavy artillery. Got one four-gun battery of 6-pounders of Mississippi, and four more of Governor of Arkansas, and five others, making thirteen pieces of field artillery. If the enemy should succeed in opening the river, he will reach New Orleans, devastating the whole country as he goes, without serious opposition, and thus cut off and isolate Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, as he has Missouri and Maryland. Such an amputation will require all the surgical skill of President Davis to restore the patient. With arms I could roll back the invading column. I the enemy shall pour down upon me a column of 20,000 men, or near that force, I could not possibly resist his advance with any force at my command. I hope to get arms, yet we have no certain reliance. I am still actively engaged mustering in troops all over the State and having them instructed, and hope to be able to maintain my ground. I give you the present condition we find ourselves in for the information of the President. He may rely upon everything which it is possible to accomplish being done.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Major-General, Commanding Army of Tennessee.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Memphis, May 15, 1861.

Brigadier General John L. T. Sneed will push the works under his charge, through the various staff officers, as rapidly as possible to completion. The major-general commanding has dispaches from the Governor of the State and reliable information from other sources, leaving no the river, and through the interior of the State, and he urges Brigadier-General Sneed to the utmost possible vigilance and energy in the duties of his command.

He will send up to-morrow a large amount of brick for magazenes and additional laborers (fifty hands) for the river batteries, with drays, mules, &amp;c. Brigadier-Geneal Sneed will furnish all possible aid to the various works on hand.

By order of Major-General Pillow, commanding Provisional Army of Tennessee:

John C. BURCH,

First Lieuttenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Memphis, May 16, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

On last night I addressed the Secretary of War, informing him that I was ready for the approach of the enemy down the river. To that

