
dispatch I refer you for the details of our service. I now address you for the purpose of informing you that I am satisfied I cannot resist the forces of the enemy rapidly preparing to advance upon us through the interior of Western Kentucky and Tennessee without I can get more small-arms. This interior column, I am satisfied, will advance for the purpose of dislodging my supporting forces, capturing my river batteries, and opening the river. If I should be unable to resist this force, the enemy will reach New Orleans, laying waste the whole river country and opening communication with the Gulf of Mexico and cutting off all west of the Mississippi. The result will follow by the undisputed possession of the river, and by taking possession of the boats on that river. I am satisfied there are in the neighborhood of 20,000 men in Cairo and within supporting distance, and that the forces of Indiana and the Northwest are now increasing that army destined for the advancing column South. However strong my river batteries may be, unless I have a force much stronger than I can now bring into the field, you must perceive I cannot arrest the advance of the force with which my position is threatened. I have, all told, only about 5,000 stand of arms in this part of the State, and that includes the arms you had ordered here some time since. I have made and so has Governor Harris made every possible effort to procure arms. We have the money, but cannot get the arms. I could have a force of 25,000 men in the field in ten days if I could arm them. The country near the north boundary line of Tennessee is an open and level one, and is wholly indefensible except by a large force. I can occupy and fortify Columbus, Ky., with half the force required to defend the interior line, and as a necessity of my position I must occupy that position. I am now making all my dispositions with that view. I have sent a special messenger to Governor Magoffin, asking his permission to occupy it. My expectation is that he will withhold his concent. I know no alternative but to take the responsibility of acting on my own judgment. Tennessee is for all practical purposes in the Confederate States. With arms I can protect the West; without them it is impossible. If I failed to inform you of our condition, I would be res result. I learn to-day from Nashville that there are but 2,500 stand of small-arms in Middle Tennessee. We have now an amount of heavy artillery equal to our wants at present. I can by your order get men (armed) from Mississippi to enable me to occupy Columbus, and two batteries of field artillery. I take the men to get the arms. I address you personally and officially on my part, that you may be placed immediately in possession of the facts. Let Colonel Tate bring back whatever of help you can give us in arms.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Major-General, Army of Tennessee.

[4.]

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., May 17, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery:

SIR: A gentleman just arrived from Paducah informs me that all the indications at that place point to its occupancy by Federal troops within a short time for the purpose of blockading the Tennessee River. In view of the defenseless condition of the Tennessee River, the facilities it offers for the transportation of troops into Northern Mississippi and

