
North Alabama, and the want of arms and ammunition and oraganization in this valley, the undersigned respectfully suggests that the War Department take the matter into consideration. We are destitute of effective arms and ammunition, and if not supplied with them cannot resist an invading force with any hope of success. It would be utterly ruinous to the cause of the South to permit the impression to go abroad that any part of Alabama could be successfully invaded or that such disgraceful submission as is now existing in Kentucky and Missouri could be possible here. Within the limits of Tennessee the Tennessee River is easily defensible at various points from the Kentucky line to Hamburg, and above that point on the right bank as high as State line. The proprietors of the Tennessee Valley Agricultural and Mechanical Association offer their fair grounds to the Confederacy for the purpose of encamping or drilling troops. A full regiment can be housed in the grounds.

F. G. NORMAN,

President Military Commission.

[1.]

CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,

Near Corinth, Miss., May 18, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

Two regiments (twenty companies), aggregate over 1,900 officers and men, are here, organized and fully armed for service. They will be reviewed and inspected to-morrow and detailed reports made. They have the percussion musket, with bayonet, all in good order; are well clothed, and supplied with camp and garrison equipage complete, ready to be transferred to the service of the Confederate States. General G. J. Pillow requested that these troops should march to co-operate with him in the defense of Northwest Tennessee, but I declined to move except by your order or permission. You probably know the object, and if you have any orders I await them. In the meantime I shall attend to the instruction and discipline of the troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. CLARK,

Major-General, Army of Mississippi, Commanding.

[1.]

COMMONWEALTH OF Kentucky, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Frankfort, May 19, 1861.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Richmond:

SIR: Since the commencement of the unhappy difficulties yet pending in the country the people of Kentucky have indicated a steadfast desire and purpose to maintain a position of strict neutrality between the belligerent parties. They have earnestly striven by their policy to avert from themselves the calamity of war and protect their own soil from the presence of contending armies. Up to this period they have enjoyed comparative tranquillity and entire domestic peace. Recently a military force has been enlisted and quartered by the U. S. authorities within this State. I have this day addressed a communication and dispatched commissioners to the President of the United States urging the removal of these troops from the soil of Kentucky, thus exerting

