
deficiencies in arms will be supplied at Corinth. The companies will provide themselves with cooked rations sufficient to subsist them to Corinth. The several railroads will furnish transportation, and the companies will proceed by the nearest route. An officer from each company will be sent forthwith the report to these headquarters the condition and strength of their companies. The captains of the several companies above mentioned are charged with the execution of this order.

W. H. BROWN,,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, May 22, 1861.

General CHARLES CLARK,

Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: In forwarding to you the inclosed appointment as brigadier-general of the provisional forces in the service of the Confederate States, I am instructed to state that as soon as the two Mississippi regiments now at Corinth shall have been mustered into service, for which purpose an officer has been ordered to that place, you will direct these regiments to proceed to Union City and await further orders. Five other regiments from Mississippi have been ordered to rendezvous at Corinth, where they will also be mustered. You will report their arrival at Corinth to this office, when you will receive instructions as to the disposition to be made of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 57. Montgomery, May 23, 1861.

* * * * *

IX. Brigadier General G. T. Beauregard will proceed to Corinth, Miss., and take command of the defenses of the Mississippi River from Vicksburg to the Kentucky and Tennessee line at or near Union City, making his headquarters at Corinth.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, May 24, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Let your troops rendezvous at Union City as quick as possible.

SAM. TATE.

[4.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, May 24, 1861.

Captain THOMAS H. TAYLOR,

C. S. Cavalry, Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 16th instant I have to request that you will not make any further attempts to recruit in Kentucky at present.

