
You will return to Nashville, Tenn., and take charge of the depot in that city. You will take with you to the same place Second Lieutenant Waller R. Bullock, C. S. infantry, and detail him for such service as may be beemed most advantageous.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, May 24, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Understanding from Colonel Tate that the forces concentrating at Corinth are designed for my support, it will be necessary for you to give orders to the commander of those forces to report to me for definite orders. We wish them to advance to Union City, where I am assuming position.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Major-General, Commanding.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 1. May 24, 1861.

Information having been received by the major-general commanding that the steamer Ferd. Kennett, bound from New Orleans to Saint Louis, armed with two pieces of artillery and several hundred Germans armed with small-arms, Brigadier-General Sneed will, by the guns of his battery, stop her, take her guns and ammunition of every sort, and will disarm the Germans and others on her. He will first fire a blank cartridge as a signal for her to come to: you will then fire a ball across her line and in advance of her bow. If she still refuses to come in, your shots must be directed at her until she will come in and surrender, and then send her under an armed force down here. She will be stopped here if we have the means. If she surrenders you will place a proper guard over her, with strict and reliable officer, to protect everybody and everything on board the vessel until she reaches this city. She passed Helena this morning, and will probably pass your forts during the night some time if not stopped here.

By order of Major General Gid. J. Pillow, commanding general Army of Tennessee:

POLLOK B. LEE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 123. Memphis, May 24, 1861.

The major-general in command of the Army of Tennessee is in possession of the purpose of the enemy to attempt, within the next ten days, a descent of the Mississippi River. The plan is to approach the batteries at Randolph in the night. When signaled to come in the enemy will be slow to answer by whistle, but will answer and continue to answer; will keep well on the opposite shore, and with a heavy head of ream will aim to run by the batteries above Memphis, expecting to reach the city and take it by surprise, believing that we have no forces

