
here. This information is brought to the major-general commanding by a special dispatch from a source evidently well informed of the purposes of the enemy, and directly from the camp at Cairo. The boats in which the descent will be attempted to be made are the City of Memphis, Mound City, Iatan, Swallow, Swan, and probably others. Their present plan does not seem to contemplate an attack by land, but this may be changed or we may not be in possession of all the propose. It is the purpose of the enemy, it seems, in this way to take possession of the city of Memphis, open the river again by running the blockade here, and hold this place. The movement is an exceedingly hazardous one for them, but they believe we have but few guns at Randolph and that those there are of light caliber. They therefore think they can succeed in passing down. They are further informed that we have no forces here, but that all our troops are at Jackson, Tenn. This information may cause a movement to be made which will enable us to send the whole force embarked to the bottom of the river. The major-general therefore directs that Brigadier-General Sneed keep constant and vigilant watch; that he be well prepared with guns in battery for action at all times; that he keep out picket guards of mounted men at the bridges crossing Hatchie River, and at such other points as may be deemed advisable; that he give orders for the proper disposition of the supporting force in the event of an attack by night. Brigadier-General Sneed will have the orders read to the troops. Upon the appearance of any steamer downward bound, after the signal of one blank cartridge, give her shot as soon as she is in reach of your guns, and if no prompt evidence of approach to your shore, open with all batteries and sink her or them. The major-general commanding wishes every possible energy thrown into the work of field intrenchment and completing the work on the batteries. The sentinels at night should be well instructed as to their duty.

By command of Major-General Pillow, commanding Provisional Army of Tennessee:

John C. BURCH,

Aide-de-Camp.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, May 25, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

War Department, Montgomery:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 20th instant was placed in my hands by General Zollicoffer on the 22d. I sent Lieutenant McCall, of the Confederate Army, to West Tennessee on yesterday for the purpose of mustering into the service of the Confederate States such of our West Tennessee regiments as may be willing to enter that service, and think it probable that the four regiments to be armed with muskets will be mustered into service within a day or two. If, however, the whole number shall not be made up in that division of the State, I will make up the deficiency in regiments already formed in Middle Tennessee. I do not think it advisable to station a regiment of Confederate troops in East Tennessee at this time. We have about fifteen companies of the troops of the Provisional Army of Tennessee stationed at Knoxville, and sound policy requires that they should be constinued there for the present instead of troops sent from or mustered into the service of the Confederate States. I approve your suggestion as to the use of the

