HEADQUARTERS,Fort Morgan, May 30, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner, C. S. Army, commanding at Fort Gaines, requesting that two additional companies may be ordered to his post without delay. Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner has two companies at that post which were ordered from this command. As I cannot spare any more troops I have to request that they may be furnished elsewhere without delay. I informed the Department in a previous communication that I should require a garrison of 500 men at Fort Gaines. The additional troops required to complete this force will be called for when required, which will be in three weeks at furthest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Colonel, C. S. Amy, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Gaines, May 30, 1861.

Lieutenant C. P. BALL,

C. S. Artillery, Adjutant, Fort Morgan:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding the District of South Alabama, that I have made a careful inspection of this fort and its immediate vicinity, and I do not feel that there is any necessity to recommend any change in the plans for its defense adopted by the engineer officer. When he shall have completed the sand-bag parapet to the two bastions on the land side and the banquette slope for the loopholes of the curtains, the fort will be in a tolerably fair state for defense. The shipping and putting up of the 32-pounders intended for the curtains and of the columbiads intended for the bastions I consider of urgent and immediate necessity. I would also respectfully recommend that the garrison of this fort may be, as soon as convenient, re-enforced by at least two companies, with camp equipage . A larger re-enforcement will be needed when the fort shall be more advanced.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. GARDNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding.

[1.]

CORINTH, MISS., June 5, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

The Alabama regiment has no ammunition for the nine rifle companies. One company of muskets has forty-five rounds. Two additional companies from Alabama are here. Shall I muster and send them? The two Mississippi regiments will be ready to-morrow or next day, with forty or fifty rounds. The last three companies of Colonel Watts' regiment, unarmed, leave to-day, under special orders from the President. Under whom are the Tennessee forces and the batteries on Mississippi? The operations here are divided. The batteries not sufficiently supported. All need organization and a head. The country is alarmed unnecessarily.

CHAS. CLARK,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

