
Nashville, June 18, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: If the increasing force of our enemy should make it necessary to look to Tennessee for re-enforcements, you might deem it expedient to order the Mississippi and Louisiana regiments from Corinth to Virginia. The troops of Tennessee generally desire to reach the posts of danger, and thinking the volunteer State is not fully represented in the great Southern Army in the Old Dominion, it would be gratifying to them to be taken in lieu of the Confederate troops alluded to. The First Tennessee Regiment, Colonel Maney, stationed at Camp Cheatham, thirty miles north of this city, is formed of the companies known as Rock City Guards A, B, and C, and seven others, well drilled and now ready for good service. It might be good policy to enlarge the representation from Tennessee, even allowing the strength of the divisions should not be materially changed. It is quite natural that our commanders should wish to retain the finest regiments, but I think that our best representatives should be sent abroad. This policy applies to military as well as civil appointments. The discordant element will be confined to East Tennessee. It is too soon yet to decide what they will attempt. Middle and West Tennessee, with 110,000 voters, will control the East with 40,000. I think there is a very strong abnd growing sentiment to sustain the Treasury notes as well as bonds. The chief difficulty about bonds is with planters who owe money, and consider their crops pledged to creditors. Those in debt could sell to the Secretary of the Treasury and receive payment in Treasury notes, and use them in payment of debts, and give the Tennessee the benefit of the cotton. Those not in debt can take bonds.

It has been suggersted that it might become expedient to restrain creditors upon receipt of interest on debts, and guard their rights by preventing the conveyances of property which might materially impair their rights. This is more complicated than payment in Treasury notes, provided their value can be maintained and thus become a circulating medium. I would like to see the Treasury get control of 2,000,000 bales of cotton. tent agent with foreign powers, and go far to establish national credit in the future. If the Southern cities will sustain the Treasury notes it can be done. Our Army must be made large enough to conquer, and King Cotton must sustain the Army. I am a cotton planter on the Arkansas River, and speak the sentiment of many thousand planters.

With an unfaltering belief in the success of our cause, I am, very respectfully, yours,

S. R. COCKRILL.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Memphis, June 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

I have now in the field all the force we can possibly arm. You have here 2,000 flint-lock muskets, which I ask your persmission to assue. We are in the Confederate States Government, as you know, by a large majority of the popular vote - say 70,000 - and our army is part of the forces of the Confederate States, subject to your orders. I suppose we have 30,000 men in the State who have tendered their services more than we have the means of arming. Can you permit me to issue these

