
arms? I telegraphed you some time since. In reply you said the President had written to Governor Harris. Governor Harris informs me that he has not received any letter from the President. I have my defensive works here nearly completed, and we have on hand in the State about 15,000 armed men, and this force would be materially strengthened if the Arkansas and Tennessee troops were under the same officer, so that the forces of both States could be concentrated upon a threatened approach of the enemy. With these torces united we could advance in a short time to the relief of Missouri. I have applied to the Governor of the State for permission to assume the offensive just as soon as I can be assured of my position here. I am preparing to effectually blockade the river at Randolph by a ship-cable chain, supported by buoys, anchors, &amp;c. This barricade will arrest any fleet of boats that may attempt a descent on the river under my batteries, so that my guns will sink and burn them up with hos shot. I have six batteries, mounting about thirty heavy guns, completed. All my defensive works will be completed this week, and I can be prepared to advance to the assistance of Missouri in a few days. I can dislodge the Cairo forces, and will do it authority is given for that purpose and I am allowed to use the Arkansas forces. Before assuming the offensive I deem it prudent to strengthen the forces at Union City, as I shall require a portion of that forces to go forward. Please answer as promptly as your other engagements will permit, and say it I can allowed to issue the flink-lock muskets, and if I can advance into Missouri, turning Kentucky, and if the forces at Corinth and Arkansas can be placed under my orders for a forward movement. I send this dispatch by Major Martin, who will apply to you for authority to raise a regiment for the service of the Confederate States. He is a talented and highly accomplished officer and gentleman, and I warmly recommend him as fitted to command a regiment, and hope you will commission him.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Major-General, Commanding Army of Tennessee.

P. S. - If the President has not yet ordered the McRae up, let it be done as peomptly as possible. They have an armed steam-tug at Cairo that is sweeping the river above my batteries, seizing all the steamboats, completely controlling everything out of reach of my batteries. They to-night seized the steamer Kentucky, belonging to this city. We cannot approach the Missouri shore, and yet my Government has just approved of my purpose to go forward to the relief of Missouri. I must have the support of the Corinth forces and the Arkansas troops. Give me power and I will advance to the relief of Missouri.

[4.]

Nashville, June 21, 1861.

General WALKER:

DEAR SIR: If the Secretary of the Navy be receiving applications for portions in his Department I will be obliged to you to have the name of Dr. William L. Nichol put on the roll for consideration at the proper time for surgeon in the Navy. He is a son of Mr. William Nichol, of this city; educated for this pursuit; received position as assistant surgeon in the old Navy and served three years. He is a gentleman of good habits and promise and qualified for service. I am aware that we have very few vessels, but I can recommend him without reservation

8 R R-VOL LII, PT II.

