
when such positions are to be filled. He is now surgeon of the First Tennessee Regiment of Volunteers, stationed on the southern border of Kentucky. We have very little apprehension now about an advance by way of the Mississippi River; that is, that opinion is becoming general since the movement by Governor Jackson, of Missouri. My view of the matter is that the more formidable your army in Virginia is the more safety to us in the Mississippi Valley; therefore I am now sending you some of our best regiments, and if necessary to make a certain result send a large portion of them. Make your army invincible in Virginia. If the leading divisions under the commander in chief can't go forward the others in the Valley will not. My confidence is unshaken about the result; success, victory, and peace are certain. The crops on the Arkansas River are beautiful. No danger now of overflow in the Mississippi. The provision blockade is nothing; we shall have wheat, corn, and beef beyond measure, besides tobacco, sugar, and rice, and the king who can shake the jewels in the crown of Queen Victoria (cotton). Send for General Bragg and the Tennessee troops and thus concentrate talent and big guns and little guns until you strike "fuss and feathers" with consteanation. Foreign nations would soon regard their vain boastings as a farce. Cotton, tobacco, wheat, corn, and meat must go into your treasury to sustain our gallant men in the tented field and the heads of departments in control. Fear nothing, success is certain.

With high regard, very trully, your friend,

S. R. COCKRILL.

[4.]

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: There are now at Union City five companies of mounted men well armed, and three or four of infantry. They are in the service of Tennessee, with the agreement that at any time they may be mustered into the service of the Confederate States. They request me to ask of you that they be mus months. They are all of the Army of Mississippi, and in Tennessee by consent of Governor Pettus. Being well armed, and some of them well drilled, I recommend them to you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

By DAN. R. RUSSELL.

[Indorsement.]

Two regiments have been requested of General Pettus in the last few days for duty on the Mississippi, and 3,000 troops have also been called for to go into camps of instruction. In one or the other of these regiments the companies referred to may have their wishes gratified. It is not, however, the policy of the Government to take troops for twelve months.

L. P. W[ALKER].

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, June 22, 1861.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD:

SIR: General A. E. Jackson, of East Tennessee, is sent by me into your State for the purpose of acquiring all the information possible as

