
to any attempt to march Federal troops to East Tennessee to aid the Union men of that section. If you can at any time convey to me information of the approach of a Federal force marching in that direction I will throw to your aid from 5,000 to 10,000 men, armed and equipped for the field. Have the kindness to give General Jackson every facility in your power to procure reliable information upon the above important subject-matter.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, June 25, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith, by direction of the Secretary of War, an appointment of major-general of provisional forces in the service of the Confederate States. The command to which you are hereby assigned embraces that portion of North Alabama north of the Tennessee River, beginning at Waterloo and runnning thence east with the river to Decatur, and also that portion of North Alabama lying north of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad from Decatur to Stevenson; that portion of Tennessee west and south of the Tennessee River; the river counties of Arkansas and Mississippi, including Corinth, in Mississippi, and the country adjacent thereto, and extending to Eastport, on the Tennessee River; the river parishes of Louisiana north of the Red River, and that portion of Arkansas, besides the river counties therein, lying north and east of the White and Black Rivers. The troops within the limits of this department will be under your control, and your appointment as major-general will subject to your orders the brigadier-generals and such of the major-generals as may be in commission and commanding within the limits of the department. Your will therefore proceed to assume command in obedience to these instructions, fixing your headquarters either at Memphis or elsewhere, as in your judgment the interests of the service and the success of your command may require.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

Nashville, June 26, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

You have not advised as to the propriety of six regiments of Tennessee troops going to Virginia. They are fully equipped. Do you need and advise the troops to move?

S. R. ANDERSON,

Major-General.

[4.]

MANASSAS, VA., June 27, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Am informed that Etheridge and Johnson sent from Washington, on Monday, 10,000 arms to East Tennessee, via Cincinnati and Lexington, Ky.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[4.]

