SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 82. Richmond, June 27, 1861.

* * * * *

II. Colonel James M. Hawes, Provisional Army, will proceed to Clarksville, Tenn., to assist in the organization of a brigade of volunteers ordered to rendezvous there.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, June 28, 1861.

General S. R. ANDERSON,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Send three of the regiments referred to here and retain three in Tennessee.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

CHATTANOOGA, June 28, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS,

Richmond:

I came through East Tennessee yesterday. Saw some of our friends, but many more of our enemies. There is truly great disaffection with those people. It is currently reported and believed that Johnson has made an arrangement at Cincinnaty to send 10,000 guns into East Tennessee, and that they have actually been shipped through Kentucky to Nicholasville, and are to be hauled from there to near the Kentucky line and placed in the hands of Union men in Kentucky on the line to be conveyed to Union men in Tennessee. They openly proclaim that if the Legislature refuses to let them secede they will resist to the death and call upon Lincoln for aid. Nelson, Brownlow, and Maynard are the leaders. If they were out of the way we would be rid of all trouble. That they will give us trouble I doubt not unless they are promptly dealt with. They rely on aid from Southeastern Kentucky and Lincoln. You must see Davis and get him to order Floyd down to about Cumberland Gap to intercept these arms if they attempt to cross into Virginia. Governor Harris has ordered one regiment to the various passes on our northern border, but the people here say they are not sufficient. A number of Union companies are forming and drilling daily in the disaffected districts for the avowed purpose of resistance. Let the Government look closely to this movement. Unless nipped in the bud it may become very troublesome.

In haste, yours, truly,

SAM. TATE.

[4.]

Nashville, June 29, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

The developments in East Tennessee and Kentucky are such that the Governor deems it inadvisable to move any regiments to Virginia at present.

S. R. ANDERSON,

Major-General.

[4.]

