
[CHAP. LXIV.

MILLEDGEVILLE, January 19, 1861 - 2. 30 p. m.

Governor PERRY,

Tallahaussee:

Ordinance for immediate secession ust passed by 208 to 89. Nearly all will sign it.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[1.]

CHARLESTON, January 19, 1861.

Governor PERRY,

Tallahaussee:

Four thousand muskets ready for shipment Monday morning. How shall they be sent and where?

L. W. SPRATT.

[1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, January 20, 1861.

Colonel DUFF C. GREEN,

Assistant Quartermaster - General, Mobile, Ala.:

COLONEL: The Governor instructs me to acknowledge your telegraphic dispatch of yesterday concerning the supplies sent to Pensacola - tents, knapsacks, &amp;c. The stores taken at the navy - yard at Pensacola have not been reported to headquarters unfit for use. On the contrary, Colonel Lomax writes that the troops " draw their supplies principally from the navy - yard,"without any complaint of their quality. He also reports a quantity of port, beef, rice, bread, butter, cheese, beans, molasses, spirits, candles, &c., as being on hand. Of course our troops must have good and sound food of the proper kind, but the force at Pensacola is under the command and orders of the Governor of Florida, those from Alabama sent there at his request, and is supplies or magazines of any kind are needed which cannot be furnished by that State application should be made for them here if it is desired that Alabama should supplu them. While we are willing to do everything in our power for the honor and safety of seceding State, yet it is but just and fair that the expenses and sacrifices should be mutually and proportionately borne by each. You will therefore keep a proper and distinct account of the supplies, &c., furnished to troops at Pensacola, designating by whose orders or requisition sent and for what particular troops if practicable. The tents spoken of in your dispatch have arrived, but have not been examined. It is presumed that you attended to that before they were received and shiped.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Aide - de - Camp.

[1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, January 20, 1861.

Captain M. SMITH,

Captain of Ordnance, Mount Vernor, Ala.:

SIR: The Governor directs me to authorize you to employ the men you name in your letter of the 14th, at the proces stated by you, as

