
of the Confederate States. This position would relieve him from the embarrassment of being ranked by almost every other general officer, and though General Pillow would not desire to remain in military service after the conclusion of the war, there could be no objection to this course. If this could not be done, could not he be appointed a major-general in the Provisional Army, with orders to take such force as is necessary to the relief of Missouri? I am satisfied that in this position his services would be invaluable to the country. I have ventured to make these suggestions to you relative to General Pillow with no other view than to advance the interest of our common South, and to do justice to the feelings and meritorious service of a gallant officer. I feel sure that General Pillow will serve in any capacity which may fall to his lot, even should he be compelled to go into the ranks, impressed most sensibly as he is with the perils which threaten the country.

Trusting that Your Excellency after calm reflection may find it consistent with your duty to the country and to General Pillow to comply with suggestions here made, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

John V. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

[4.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FLOYD'S BRIGADE, Numbers 2. Camp Jackson, July 21, 1861.

1. The Fiftieth Virginia Regiment, Floyd's brigade, under command of Colonel A. W. Reynolds, will be held in readiness to move to-morrow at 2.30 o'clock by railroad to Salem, where it will take post until further orders.

2. Major C. E. Thorburn, Fiftieth Virginia Regiment, Will take charge of the three companies of cavalry now here and prepare them to march in the direction of the Sweet Springs. The quartermaster will assign to the cavalry companies six wagons and make all necessary arrangements for the troops on the march. All baggage and stores belonging to the Fiftieth Regiment will be transported by railroad to Salem. The commissary will supply the regiment with rations for two days.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd, commanding brigade:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

ESTILLVILLE, SCOTT COUNTY, VA., July 22, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: To the original number of men that Governor Harris, of Tennessee, sent to Cumberland Gap, the point at which Tennessee, Kentucky, and Virginia joins, we learn that he (Governor Harris) is sending thousands of re-enforcements. The imminent danger reported to the citizens of Russell County by messenger from Logan County, of the invaders that had already penetrated and burned the town and court-house of that county, has induced the colonels, commandants of the regiments of Russell, to call out the militia of that county to march against the invaders, and thus from our exposed position and the nearness of the enemy you will comprehend the almost certainty of an early invasion of our country; but we have not as much as three kegs of powder in the county, nor can it be bought, wherefore we hope that

