
you will forward us a few kegs at your earliest practicable opportunity. If so, notify me of the fact, so that I may have it forwarded from Bristol, that being the nearest depot to this point.

Your obedient servant,

LEXINGTON M. DAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel of 124th Regiment.

[4.]

ESTILLVILLE, July 22, 1861.

Governor LETCHER:

DEAR SIR: At the request of Colonel Day and many others, who feel deeply concerned on account of the perilous condition of this portion of the State, I beg leave to add my statement of the existence of the great public necessity requiring the militia of this county to be immediately supplied with some powder to meet the pressing emergency with which we are threatened. We are situated immediately on the line of East Tennessee in the vicinity of the traitor any Johnson, and of the threatened rebellion of East Tennessee, which we daily expect to be fully developed upon the approach of Northern forces that the Union men of East Tennessee confidently expect to pass through our midst to their aid very shortly. We are without powder to enable the militia to defend our soil and repel the invaders, and we hope that it will be in your power to furnish it. It will be accounted for strictly according to the requisitions of law, and if not needed to repel the Northern invaders will be held by Colonel Day, subject to your order. The senior officer, Colonel Franklin, is a volunteer in the service of the State, and the duty of calling out the militia to defend the county will, under the law, devolve on Colonel Day when the emergency arises demanding such action, which we are expecting every hour.

In the hope that you can furnish us the requisite aid at this critical moment, I remain, very respectfully, your friend,

HENRY S. KANE,

Attorney for Commonwealth, &amp;c.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FLOYD'S BRIGADE, Numbers 5. Wytheville, July 24, 1861.

The Fiftieth [Virginia] Regiment, Floyd's brigade, under command of Colonel A. W. Reynolds, will move from Camp Jackson at 8 a. m. to-morrow and take up the line of march in the direction of Jackson's River. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation for the command. The commissary will furnish the command with rations for eight days. No unnecessary baggage will be allowed.

By order of General John B. Floyd, commanding brigade:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[2.]

WITHEVILLE, July 25, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

Rumors of invasion of Lee County are entirely groundless. Nothing needed for that county but ammunition, which I will send when the powder comes.

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General.

[2.]

