
Nashville, July 26, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

I rely on General Withers' brigade to guard an important point of Kentucky while they remain in camp of instruction. I therefore hope you will arm it immediately.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FLOYD'S BRIGADE, Numbers 6. Wytheville, July 26, 1861.

The battalion of cavalry of Floyd's brigade under command of Major Thorburn will move from Camp Jackson at 9 a. m. to-morrow and take up the line of march in the direction of Jackson's River. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation for the command. The commissary will furnish the command with rations for eight days.

By order of General John B. Floyd, commanding brigade:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[2.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 30, 1861.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I will go to Norfolk Tuesday evening with an order on the commandant there for fifty heavy 32-pounder guns, and that I shall hurry these West as quickly as I can. I beg leave further to add that there are reports here of extraordinary preparations going on on the Ohio River in the way of gun-boats. I fear that the work-shops of New Orleans will be taxed to the utmost to supply gun carriages for defenses below. Possibly at Holly Springs, at Florence, Ala., and Nashville they may be able to aid us in preparing such carriages. No time is to be lost with regard to our river fortifications. I have had 500 shells ordered from Pensacola-the fuses go from here - and I have the prospect by October of a battery of rifled 30-pounders. Powder is the great want, and they are actually looking to Tennessee to supply this part of the country. Can we not continue to draw some supply of this article from above? I sent a telegraphic message to-day announcing my success so far regarding the guns.

I am, very respectfully,

I. N. BROWN,

Lieutenant, C. S. Navy.

[4.]

Provisional Army of Tennessee.

FORCES IN MIDDLE TENNESSEE.

Infantry at Camp Trousdale.-Colonel Fulton's regiment, 889 men, percussion muskets; Colonel Palmer's regiment, 883 men, flint-lock muskets; Colonel Savage's regiment, 952 men, flint-lock muskets; Colonel Newman's regiment, 914 men, flint-lock muskets; Colonel Battle's regiment, 880 men, flink-lock muskets.

