
received them before you get this letter. I am informed that the force at Cairo has to be increased to 12,000 men. This is the lowest estimate. I am also informed from two sources, both of which are believed to be reliable (one of them certainly so), that General Prentiss has assured the Union men of Ballard Country, Ky., that he will send troops to protect them, and that after Monday (to-day) he would not regard the neutrality of Kentucky, and only delayed until the election was over lest it might have an unfavorable bearing on their friends. This column is in a sad condition. The two Mississippi regiments have more men fit for duty than all the Tennessee regiments here and at Trenton, if I may judge from the partial reports submitted to me. One regiment (Colonel Travis') has not a captain present, and not 100 men for duty. I hope, however, that they may soon return, as it is time this election frolic was over. I send to-night to gain information of the troops at Trenton and to provide them with muster-rolls. But how are troops to be mustered when in one regiment there are three companies which have not one officer or non-commissioned officer present, and in one of them but seven privates present, and four of them reported sick? I do not make this report for official notice, as I think I can speedily correct these things, if they can be corrected, but to give you information of our condition. I have no cavalry and no means of verifying a hostile movement. The artillery of Captain Polk are, I understand, without harness, and those of Captain Smith without horses. Colonel Pickett verbally reports 500 men for duty, with three rounds of ammunition. Colonel Travis has 80,000 cartridges. As I have not been authorized to call for official reports, I can give you nothing definite in regard to the others. As to General Withers' brigade, I fear from reports that not much can be expected there in a hurry, but of this I suppose you are more fully informed, as I hear that General Withers has gone to Memphis. If the enemy is permitted to occupy the heights above Columbus, which I hear is a very strong natural position, we may have some trouble to dislodge them. It is to be regretted that we are not permitted to occupy them first and fortify them. It [should] have a head to the column and enable it to cover Randolph and Memphis. For if General Pillow leaves the river, what is to prevent a large force threatening Randolph and Memphis?

Hoping that the circumstances will excuse this long and too indefinite letter, I am, general, most respectfully,

CHAS. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

P. S. - May I respectfully suggest that a reconnaissance by a topographical engineer of Columbus could not be considered a violation of the neutrality of Kentucky.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 6, 1861.

General L. POLK, Commanding:

SIR: The undersigned, officers of the Memphis Legion, beg leave to represent that since the war proclamation of President Lincoln in April last, nearly 4,000 citizens of Memphis and vicinity have gone into the Army of the Southern Confederacy, leaving at home only the heads of families and business men, who cannot go into regular service until compelled by dire necessity. Of this class about 700 have formed a military organization, known as the Memphis Legion, many members of which are men of prominence and imfluence, who have large amounts invested

