
in the commercial and manufacturing interests of this place and cannot leave without great pecuniary sacrifice, and, as we believe, without great inconvenience to the public. We think it is essentially necessary that the great commercial and manufacturing interests of Memphis should be encouraged and sustained to the utmost extent, that we may continue to furnish that portion of the surrounding country with the supplies and means which are expected of us to maintain the various relations existing between this and other communities. Hence it is, we think, important that as many of our enterprising merchants and manufacturers should remain at home and so arrange their military connections as to enable them to give a considerable portion of their time to business operations. As originally intended, our oganization contemplated no other object than the protection of our families and our homes. It is thought, however, that we can make our legion more effective for this purpose and more useful to the public by placing ourselves under your command, which we will cheerfully do, provided that the War Department will receive us on the terms proposed or suggested in your memorandum to Colonel Worsham, namely, to be subject to the other of the commanding general at this place, and to be detailed for duty mainly for the defense of Memphis and immediate vicinity (with the understanding that when not on duty our members may be allowed the privilege of attending to their ordinary business). We are led to believe that there are duties required here which can be performed by us under this arrangement. The subject of pay and subsistence, together with those of uniforms and arms, we leave to be settled by yourself and the Department, but would remark that we are poorly armed and equipped; in fact have not enough, nor but few of the right sort. We hope you are in possession of facts enough to appreciate our motives, and will only add that if you approve of these suggestions and they are practicable and proper, we willf you will ascertain the views of the War Department of the subject, the same to be agreed upon for the term of one year.

Respectfully, your obedient servants,

L. V. DIXON,

Colonel.

J. J. WORSHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

H. O. LOFLAND,

Major.

JOHN B. WELD,

Adjutant.

[AND 9 CAPTAINS.]

[4.]

RICHMOND, August 8, 1861.

Governor T. O. MOORE,

New Orleans, La.:

Will your order the Eleventh and Twelfth regiments to General L. Polk?

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2, Memphis, Tenn., August 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

As Colonel Bowen finds it difficult to adjust the relations of his command with the quartermaster's department in New Orleans, to which

