
the land fronts our 24-pounders should be mounted on siege carriages, and the embrasures be cut out of the parapet. Even some 32-pounders might be mounted in the same way. We thus diminish the throat of the embrasure, I think, and gain the advantage of withdrawing the guns with facility, changing their location, or placing them in sheltered positions to fire in ricochet.

I have recommended to the Secretary of War the construction of field-works across the peninsula, about two miles east of Fort Morgan. They must be strong enough to take care of themselves. At the proper distance from the fort I judge that the ground is not favorable for continuous lines, and that the defenses should consist of detached works. A strong redoubt on the south-shore ridge, armed with four columbiads bearing on the Gulf and on the peninsula, would command both the land and water. Another toward the north shore, less formidable in its armament, would combine with the first in the land and bay defense. A swamp lies between, which, with some slight works for musketry and field artillery, would make a strong defense. Some field guns also should be placed in the redoubts. It is presumed that the exposed faces of the parapets of the redoubts should be twenty-five or thirty feet thick. A second line similar to the first should be placed between it and the fort, probably on a ridge which tends to cross the peninsula in a diagonal direction southeasterly. The object is, first, to keep the enemy out of gunshot of the wharf, so that our communications can be kept open; and, secondly, with an equal front to fight the battle on equal terms. A railroad should lead from the wharf to all the works.

At Fort Gaines I have proposed shore batteries from the fort westerly along the south shore as far as the woods extend and strong batteries across the island at that point. Some thirty or forty guns, large and small, would suffice for this.

What can be done to cover the channels against the entrance of ironclad steamers? I have proposed a heavy chain suspended from cypress rafts for the ship channel, and crib-work sunk with brickbats between the west bank and Fort Gaines. It is far from satisfying my mind in any point of view, but I have nothing better to offer.

At Mobile I have proposed to erect field-works around the city at about the two-mile-and-a-qarter curve from the court house. Redoubts at a mile apart, with intervening redans - the latter flanked by musketry and field guns - would seem to be the best disposition. A few heavy guns should be mounted on the redoubts.

At Choctaw Point there should be placed, as the left wing of the system, a water battery, with two columbiads, and on the little marshy island east of and near the mouth of Spanish River another of a similar kind. These two would command all the channels deeper than four feet. The line of land defenses would continue to Three-Mile Creek, thence to the mouth of One-Mile Creek. It is presumed that we shall not be able to hold Mississippi Sound, and an advance against Mobile by way of Pascagoula or Portersville would then become feasible. Grant's Pass should have a columbiad.

In relation to all these proposed defenses the Secretary directs that estimates be transmitted without delay. I have roughly estimated in my own mind that it cannot exceed $500,000. Please do your endeavor at it, giving the approximate quartities and cost. I have telegraphed to Mr. Sanford to send on a draft for $10,000 in my favor, and he will get Treasury notes for it. This is all I can do for you financially at the present moment, as the appropriation for armament has been exhausted

