
statement also of the other troops which your telegram indicates to be necessary to future operations. Please write by mail fully as to your plan of operations, garrisons, moving columns, &amp;c.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[3.]

MAIDEN SPRINGS, TAZEWELL COUNTY, VA.,

August 29, 1861.

General F. K. ZOLLICOFFER:

DEAR SIR: Permit me to call your attention to the exposed condition of this country. There is no part of Southwest Virginia more exposed than this immediate section. We are directly upon a line of good turnpike road that leads from the salt-works in Washington County through Buchanan County to the Kentucky line. Should Kentucky pass through the revolution to which her steps are tending, then it would be very important at once to fortify and guard the narrow mountain passes through Buchanan County, where 100 men can do more in a fight than 500 in the open valley; or, if an attempt should ever be made to re-enforce the Union men of East Tennessee from the North or Kentucky, then that re-enforcement would naturally pass through this country. Tazewell County is sound, and although we have sent about our quota of volunteers (a few still lacking), yet we have a sufficient force to defend ourselves. Many good men over forty-five will go in defense of our country and our rights whenever necessary. We want authority to go and the usual pay. Please take this matter in hand and let me hear from you soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY S. BOWEN,

Colonel 188th Regiment Virginia Militia.

[4.]

RICHMOND, August 31, 1861.

General L. POLK,

Memphis, Tenn.:

How many infantry companies from Alabama have reported to you for duty, or are under your command? Give their names, so that they may be organized.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

By authority in us vested by Major General Leonidas Polk, commanding Military Department Numbers 2, the following orders are issued by the committee, consisting of W. B. Greenlaw, R. C. Brinkley, Sam. Tate, M. J. Wicks, and E. W. Munford:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMITTEEE,Memphis, September 2, 1861.

[General L. POLK:]

SIR: Wishing to aid you in the very important service of keeping all military matters under you command secret from the enemy, we call your attention to the following points:

First. A member of this committee has day been informed from Cincinnati that hundreds of Northerners are coming in this direction

