
almost daily, many of them for the purpose of collecting information. We are not prepared to advise that no one should be allowed to come into Tennessee through Kentucky, and we ask whether, in your opinion, increased vigilance under the passport system to prevent persons from going out will protect the service in this particular?

Second. Soldiers who are out of camp on furlough in many instances talk with unrestrained license of the numbers, condition, complaints, purposes, and prospects of the various commands, and thus, no doubt inadvertently, give publicity to particulars which should not be known. They spread a spirit of disquiet amongst our own people, and can be easily picked up a communicated by spies. We think furloughs should not be granted except in extreme cases, and then only on the most solemn pledge of honor that no particulars about the command should be communicated. How far printed furloughs, with this pledge in their face, should be adopted is, we think, worthy of your consideration.

Third. Civilians have been allowed to go into the camps in numbers. Many of them have by their narrations greatly contributed to the dissatisfaction which has of late been so clamorous in our midst. They have talked freely and publicly of misunderstandings amongst officers, of demoralization of the troops, &amp;c., all of which you will at once see is calculated to bring the service into disrepute and perhaps cripple the efficiency of our army. We think civilians should be kept out of camp, except in very extreme cases, and then only allowed on passports from the principal in command and upon a solemn pledge of the most perfect secrecy in reference to what they see and hear in camp upon their return.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

WM. B. GREENLAW,

Chairman.

[4.]

ALLEGHANY SPRING, September 3, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: In accordance with my promise to you, I proceed to write down the views expressed at your house last Sunecting the defenses of Mobile. As then said, I have not supposed there was any danger of an attack during the summer, but that I have seen it stated in Northern war journals that Mobile and New Orleans would be assailed in the fall with the view of seizing the crop and of affording a bassis of operations against the interior. I saw the matter treated pointedly and at length, and more than once, in the New York Herald and also in the Tribune. Indeed, I do not see how the enemy expects to conduct a war of conquest or to redeem his promise of sending the cotton forward to England (which I understand he has assured England he will do) without an attempt upon the great cotton ports. I am, therefore, impressed with the idea that we may look for an attack on Mobile this fall, unless it and the contiguous country be put in a state of efficient defense. I understand that Fort Morgan has a regiment, under Colonel Maury, and is tolerably prepared to defend the main ship entrance to Mobile, except that it has not the required number of large guns. General Hardee told me that to defend the channel with certainty more large guns were necessary at Fort Morgan, as well as defenses at Fort Gaines. I am of opinion that more large guns are necessary at Fort Gaines, but I am not able to express any reliable

