
two regiments at least of well-armed infantry in Mobile that with a little camp duty and training would be very effective. I doubt not but they would enter the service for the coast defense, but, like the artillery company, their condition in life would not permit them to make long enlistments nor to go far from home. The Governor of Alabama would no doubt arm and equip one or more other regiments for this service, and I understand that the Governor of Mississippi is organizing regiments for home defenses, and that he proposes placing two of them at Enterprise, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, within six hours' run of Mobile. With a sharp lookout the artillery and infantry force indicated could drive off or beat any force that the enemy could probably land, or, at all events, could hold him in check until re-enforcements could be obtained. Now, how is this force to be rendered efficient? Plainly, in the way that all such objects are accomplished. By organization, of which at present there is none. Genera Twiggs has command of the defenses of all that country; Colonel Maury has command of Fort Morgan; Colonel Gardner of Fort Gaines, but no one of any forces on the coast indicated. It seems to me you want a brigade there, and if so, you want a brigadier to command them - to organize the forces, to put them in camp on the coast, and to bring them up to a state of discipline and to take them into action. Fortunately the coast is very favorable for a camp and for defenses. It is a rolling, healthy, well-watered country. It is intersected with small streams running into the bay, which would have to be ascended for some distance by the enemy in order to be crossed without bridges, by reason of which he could be fought to advantage and easily chesked until re-enforcements could be had and the body of troops in the field brought down en masse upon him. I learn, and indeed know, that there is a deficiency of powder, &amp;c., for small-arms, but of course when any plan shall be adopted the officer in command must make his requisition. It is my opinion that steps ought to be taken with dispatch for the defense of our coast, and I have therefore ventured to do what I seldom do, express my opinion about matters respecting which I cannot be supposed to have any right to be heard. General McRae and I intimated that General Jones M. Withers would be an acceptable person to have command of our coast defenses, and I think so, but General W[ithers] is probably ambitious of a wider field of action. Send us any competent man; one of energy and of resources, one who will put life and action and power into the movement, and who will make our people feel his force and stength and capacity, and my word for it, an enemy's foot will not press upon Mobile this winter. Without something of the kind shall be done, I expect to see the city occupied by the enemy by or before January. I have hitherto abstained from making any suggestions to Government about this matter, because I knew I might be justly charged with officiousness, and I should not have written this letter but upon your request.

I have the honor to be, sir, your friend and obedient servant,

R. H. SMITH.

P. S. - Let me repeat what I said verbally, that Mr. Leslie, of Claiborne, Ala., has the most extensive and complete machinery for making wagons which I have seen in the South, and to direct the attention of Government to it as a resource for transportation. He has had to discharge his hands for want of employment, but his machinery is there, and he ha on hand a large amount of timber. He told me he would be glad to get contracts from Government payable in Treasury notes,

