
[CHAP. LXIV.
HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, January 23, 1861.

Colonel T. LOMAX,

Commanding Second Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Pensacola, Fla.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 21st instant, inclosing the following papers, viz, first, telegraphic dispatch from Southern Senators; second, copy of memorandum by Colonel Chase; third, special order to occupy Fort McRee; fourth, modifying the same, fifty, muster - roll of field and staff; sixth, condensed report of strength of regiment, has been duly received, and the Governor directs me to write you that political considetations, growing mainly out of the advice of the Senators of the seceding State, as contained in their dispatch from Washington, a copy of which is mentioned above, renders the observance of the defensice policy imperative for the present, as will be seen by the inclosed copy of a memorandum * this day understood between His Excelenncy the Governor and Colonel Chase. It would be impracticable and unnecessary to enter into explanations as to the propriety of this course, and the Governor feels confident that you and the other officers and soldiers under you command, as good and faithful soldiers, will cheerfully obey the orders of your superior officers, relying upon their judgmetn and patriotism that they have been issued for the efficiency of the service and the good of the cause in which we are embarked. The Governor appreciates fully the many trials, difficulties, and privations to which you and your gallant troops are subjected, and will do all in his power to alleviate them and render your position and duties less irksome and disagreeable. Lieutenant - Colonel Battle has been ordered to make out a requisition of such things as your men are in pressing need of, with a view to having as yet been made for the purpose by the Legislature, and your command being under the orders and in the service of the Governor of Florida. Still our brave troops must not be allowed to suffer, and Assistant Quartemaster Greenk, at Mobile, will have orders, to fill your requisition for provisions whenever sent. You should not, however, make this demand unless it should become impossible to be suplied by the authorities of the State of Florida, in whose service you are. By the memorandum herewith inclosed you will see that the Hayneville troops, Captain Willingham, will be allowed to return home. As to leave of absence, furloughs, &amp;c., you will arrange that with Colonel Chase. No final discharges should be made without reference to headquarters, except by sentence of a competent court - martial, or on certificate of disability.

Very respectfully,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Colonel and Aide - de - Camp.

[1.]

WASHINGTON, January 23, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM H. CHASE,

Commanding State Troops, Pensacola, Fla.:

The post - office discontinued upon the ground that its use is denied to Slemmer. Can this be arranged? Anderson is allowed free use of the mail at Charleston.

D. L. YULEE.

[1.]

---------------

* No found.

---------------

