
By authority in us vested by Major General Leonidas Polk, commanding Military Department Numbers 2, the following orders are issued by the committee, consisting of W. B. Greenlaw, R. C. Brinkley, Sam. Tate, M. J. Wicks, and E. W. Munford:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMITTEE,Memphis, September 4, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Division 2, C. S. Army, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: I have been appointed by the citizens to go with Judge Clayton and others to Richmond to secure, if possible, the military services of General Johnston to the Mississippi Valley. I had determined to withstand the solicitations that I go as one of the delegates. This grew out of the delicate relationship I sustained as one of the military committee to yourself. Judge Clayton, however, has told me the conversation he had with you in reference to the proposed appointment; that you had been in advance of us all in this matter by writing to General Johnston and the President, urging it for the common good, and that in going so far from violating the most fastidious sense of propriety I would really be acting in harmony with your expressed wishes if I contributed to the result. This statement at once relieves me, and the path of patriotic duty opens clearly before my vision. I go. You will at once perceive the feeling which prompts this letter. You are away in the discharge of your duties, or my communication would have been face to face, and I hope you will excuse the blunt frankness which impels me to state not only my own the universal approbation of the magnanimity and elevated patriotism you have displayed by your course in this matter. May heaven bless you, general, and long spare you to our country which you are serving with such singleness of heart. Adieu.

Respectfully, your friend,

E. W. MUNFORD.

[4.]

MILITARY AND FINANCIAL BOARD,

Nashville, Tenn., September 6, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Permit us to call your attention to the condition of the quartermaster's and commissary departments of the Confederate army in Eastern and Middle Tennessee. In neither of these departments is the staff complete, and requisitions are daily made upon the State of Tennessee to supply the wants of Confederate troops in the State. We have been compelled even to advance money with which to buy forage and fresh provisions. The condition of our treasury is now such that we cannot longer answer such demands, and hope that steps will be taken immediately to relieve us from the painful necessity of a refusal. The ordnance department, which, under instructions, will be turned over to Government, will also require a fund to be sent here in order to continue its operations. Payments have been made weekly, and the cap factory and pyrotechnic establishment, in which fuses, friction-primers, &amp;c., are being made, and shells are being filled, will necessarily be stopped unless provision shall be made by the Government for continuance of the work. We are not inclined to deal with the Government as with strangers and to refuse to do all in our power to promote our

