
action." A copy of my proclamation to the people of Columbus I have the honor to transmit you by mail.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONIDAS POLK.

[4.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Took military possession of railroad Saturday, 7th. Hope all soon be right.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Knoxville, September 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 5th instant has been received. In a letter from your Department dated August7, 1861, you said, "You are authorized to accept companies as indicated by Mr. Pridemore and employ them in the service solicited until otherwise directed." In obedience to these instructions I issued the inclosed order. This order proceeds upon the views "as indicated by Mr. Pridemore," a copy of whose letter to Governor Letcher on the subject you forwarded to me at the same time. The companies that have been formed and tendered their services to me from the of Lee and Scott have been organized in conformity to this general order. I have ordered all the organized companies in these counties to be mustered into the service of the Confederate States upon the conditions made in my order. Inclosed I send you a copy of a letter signed by a number of citizens of Sneedville, Va.*

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 2. Knoxville, Tenn., August 14, 1861.

I am authorized to receive into the service of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States volunteer infantry companies to be formed in Lee and Scott Counties, Va., for the term of twelve months, or during the war, the companies to furnish their own rifles and to be employed in guarding the mountain passes in and on the borders of said conties and the county of Wise, in Virginia, and in other duty within said counties. Captains of companies making tenders will address me at Knoxville and will receive further instructions.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, C. S. Army.

[4.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 10, 1861.

Major V. K. STEVENSON,

Assistant Quartermaster, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In assuming the duties of chief of the quartermaster's department in the States of Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, and Arkansas,

---------------

* See VOL. IV, p. 404.

---------------

