
Nashville, in Tennessee, is designated as the point at which your principal depot of supplies will be established and where you will be stationed. The objects confided to your supervision empower you to established sub-depots at the most eligible points within the district of country designated above for supplying the various divisions of the army in the field, as also the several military camps. The clothing for the army in sufficient quantities for the several commands is an object of the utmost solicitude, and to keep up the necessary supply you will please direct your especial attention. Tents, camp kettles, mess-pans, axes, spades, picks, crowbars, hatchets, &amp;c., comprise the camp and garrison equipage that you will be called upon to furnish from time to time, and which should be renewed in anticipation of demands for it.

The item of transportation, so essential to the successful movement of troops on campaing, you should at once organize, by collecting at convenient points wagons, harness, and draft animals adequate to the magnitude of the military operations that will be conducted during the war. The cities of New Orleans and Mobile are now the depots for supplying large bodies of troops. At these points officers of the Quartermaster's Department are stationed for the purpose - Major I. T. Winnemore at New Orleans and Mr. Julius Hessee at Mobile. Should circumstances render it necessary for you to seek supplies in those markets, you should do so through the agents named. Major W. J. Anderson is the depot quartemaster at Memphis and Major George W. Clarke at Fort Smith, Ark. Major Clarke has been drawing supplies for General McCulloch's command from New Orleans. In future you will supply them. From your perfect familiarity with the resources of the States in which your operations will be conducted, it is which the utmost confidence you are intrusted with the high duties of your office. Funds will be remitted you on your estimates for purchasing supplies and disbursement for hire of houses, labor, &c. Make your estimates in time, and designate how they should be sent and the kind; how much in Confederate bonds and how much in Treasury notes. Clerks are limited to $1,000 per annum.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, September 10, 1861.

Brigadier General F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch and letter of the 8th received. My telegram had reference to your previous letters on the subject, and your letter of the 8th has reference to the 7,000. I am afraid it is now too late; but if not fulfill the order. You must judge whether it is prudent to make the movement.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, September 11, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

I understand that there are several heavy guns lying at Montgomery. Will you make the inquiry, and if this be so, have them sent to Mobile at once.

L. P. WALKER.

[6.]

