
RICHMOND, September 11, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Yes; send the gun to Mobile unless it be the once presented to the Government by Mr. Calhoun, of Dallas, which is inscribed as so presented.

L. P. WALKER.

[6.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 11, 1861.

JOHN L. HOPKINS, Esq.,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

SIR: Your letter of September 10 is received. This Department fully appreciates the importance and acknowledges the force of the views which you urge regard to the condition of East Tennessee, and is dirposed to make every effort within its power both to encourage and confirm our own friends in that section and to secure also, if possible, the allegiance of all the people of East Tennessee to our Government. To this end no effort consistent with the public interests shall at any time be neglected. But it is not possible at present to accept any troops for twelve months unless fully armed. If this were merely an established rule of policy on the part of this Department it might well be waived in a case so exceptional and supported by so peculiar considerations as that which you present; but now, however, it is imposed by the necessities of our situation. It is not at present in the power of the Governmen troops, and all the arms probably within the early reach of the Government are already preengaged for troops enlisted for the war and already organized and waiting only arms. Under these circumstances it would be impossible to furnish arms to additional troops within a limited [time]; nor would it be proper even to promise them to troops enlisted for twelve months only, whose term of enlistment might be in great marsure expired before the arms could be furnished, while troops for the war might thus be left unarmed. The necessity of this policy will doubtless be appreciated by you. If fully armed, however, with such arms as could be obtained, a regiment of infantry raised as you propose and organized by the election of its own field officers would be accepted for twelve months, if offered only for that time. I take the liberty of suggesting, however, that the considerations which your so forcibly urge in favor of the immediate organization of troops in East Tennessee would also seem to argue that the troops there organized should be enlisted for the war if possible.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Knoxville, September 12, 1861.

Colonel W. S. STATHAM,

Fifteenth Mississippi Regiment, Knoxville:

The delay that has taken place since the order of 10th instant was given to you makes it necessary for me to countermand the order. You will therefore without delay, instead of the march directed, march

