
Nashville, September 13, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegraph of the 4th instant; also your letters of the 30th ultimo* and 7th instant.+ I hope to transmit by to-morrow's mail a draft of the deed of transfer from the State of Tennessee to the Confederate States.++ I have suggested to State quartermasters and commissars, at posts where there are no Confederate officers in their department, the propriety of continning in their duties and acting as special officers for the Confederate Government to receive and issue Confederate supplies until relieved or reappointed by the Department; and in the meanwhile to have their State bonds and securities indorsed over to the Confederate Government and report the same to headquarters in Richmond. I think these commissaries and quartermasters would act more promptly in this matter if the Department would issue orders to the commanding officers of their brigades and regiments to see that these special officers have their securities properly transferred to the Confederate Government without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KENSEY JOHNS,

Assistant Quartermaster.

[4.]

RICHMOND, September 14, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Arm the regiment at Mobile, and either the regiment of T. H. Watts, I. W. Garrott, or E. C. Bullock.

L. P. WALKER.

[6.]

ELIZABETHTOWN, KY., September 14, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I write to you uponj the subject which I addressed Honorable J. P. Benjamin upon a week since. Prompt action must be taken by your Government in the internal arrangement of this State if you wish to prevent the war from raging upon the Tennessee border and transfer it to the Ohio. The Lincoln agents are daily disarming the State Guard, the only fragile bulwark left to protect the State from their incursions, and in a week this will have been accomplished. Our friends here will then be powerless; they will be manacled as completely as Maryland, and the millions of money, the great resources of this State, and thousands of her citizens will be brought to bear at once against you. If it is the policy of the Government to allow this condition of affairs I have nothing to say against their determination, but I fear it would produce most disastrous consequences. I unged that permission should be granted to me to raise a camp here, which would have to-day embraced 2,500 good armed men, and a week hence at least 5,000. There is no military head in Nashville to order anything to be done. The Government and Brigadier-General Foster are only State officers, and do not consider themselves authorized to act or to

---------------

* See VOL. IV, p. 398.

+ See VOL. IV, p. 403.

++ See VOL. IV, p. 410.

---------------

