
command Confederate troops. I inclose you some extracts from yesterday's Journal, to show you what is transpiring and to let you see that the authorities of Kentucky are virtually waging war against your Government. Cannon have been taken away from loyal Southerners and placed in the hands of Hessians mustered into the Lincoln service. These are State arms. Can your Government hesitate a moment longer in ordering the thousands of troops now ready upon the State line to advance and occupy this railroad and Louisville? They will be received everywhere with joy. Contending against the strong arm of a constituted Government, our people have as yet evanded the yoke sought to be placed around their necks, but unless assistance comes now they must succomb and be overpowered. The State will be occupied by Lincoln's army, and the moral effect will be to prostrate our cause in the State almost beyond redemption. The bastiles will be crowded with true friends of your Government, who have stood up manfully for you, and who cannot now escape. This week your troops can come up the road without opposition and take possession of everything, opening up to the Government countless stores of provisions, clothing, medicines, &amp;c. Next week the Federals will have seized positions which it will require 30,000 men to drive them from. I but express the universal wish of thousands of our bravest men when I ask you to act promptly in this matter for their relief. Present to 50,000 men of this State, eager to fight in the cause, a rallying point around which they can assemble, and give them an opportunity to fight for and secure their own liberty. You will see that the Journal says that Brunswick will be shortly attacked. I have here nearly 50,000 rounds of powder, lead enough for 30,000 balls, and plenty of buckshot and caps, both musket and smaller ones, and am willing to risk my life in securing the important position here if, after it is secured, you will back it up. I hope that you will perceive the urgenand that you may telegraph very soon to order the troops in Tennessee to come to our aid. It is but two hours' ride from here too Louisville, and if I had artillery I could on my own responsibility, with the aid of the surrounding counties, take Louisville and hold it until you come there a week hence.

Yours, very truly,

BLANTON DUNCAN.

[Inclosure.]

SEIZENS OF ARMS AND MUNITIONS OF WAR.

Our officials were remarkably fortunte yesterday in the recovery of State arms, which had been secreted with a view to their misapplication by members of the State Guard. Early in the day the three cannon, one a 12-pounder and the others 6-pounders, were taken from their hiding-place and delivered over to our loyal friend Captain Watkins, of the Semple Guards, which company has been mustered into the U. S. service. Subsequently seizures of muskets and munitions of war were made by the authorities at the store of John Snyder and the building formerly occupied by L. L. Warren & Co., on Main street, between Third and Fourth. Arms were also found at the establishment of Sachs & Bro., on Main street below Fourth, at Crutcher & McCready's, on Main street near the Louisville Hotel, in an outbuiding on the alley between Brook and Preston and Market and Jefferson streets, and perhaps in other localities. Thus no less than 250 stand of arms and accouterments, a large number of army tents, pickaxes, spades, &c., were secured and removed from the custody of persons

