
who are seeking to involve our State in a bloody and relentless war. Other and perhaps more important seizures will be made to day. The officers who are intrusted with these delicate duties merit and will receive the gratitude of all law-abiding and peace-loving citizens.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Knoxville, September 14, 1861.

Colonel STATHAM,

Fifteenth Mississippi Regiment, en route Comberland Gap:

SIR: The four regiments of Colonels Rains, Newman, Cummings, and Battle being ordered to Cumberland Ford, it is thought advisable that you halt one of your battalions at Cumberland Gap, and the other at an intermediate point between the gap and the ford, unless they should be needed, in which event you may advance at their call for support. Should an engineer officer direct any additional work to be done at the gap, or at or near the Log Mountains, you will detail such available force as you can command to accomplish it. I hope to come up soon, but I cannot tell when. Avail yourself of express messengers to be sent daily from the advanced camp to communicate with me.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

Nashville, September 15, 1861.

GOVERNOR OF MISSISSIPPI,

Jackson, Miss.:

General A. S. Johnston sent you a telegram yesterday [requeting] you to send two regiments and 1,000 extra arms. They are needed at Camp Boone, near Clarksville, Tenn., without a moment's delay. Can you send them? Please reply to me at this place.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

JACKSON, MISS., September 15, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON,

Nashville:

Two regiments will be ready to leave Corinth on Wednesday morning and two more at Grand Junction on Thursday. Send mustering officer and provide transportation. Regiments are armed and equipped, camp equipage and all complete. If desired, General Reuben Davis will conduct these regiments to the seat of war. I will be able to furnish two other regiments in ten days. They are now in camp drilling.

John J. PETTUS.

[4.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 154. Richmond, September 16, 1861.

* * * * *

III. The following companies will be organized into a regiment, under the name and style of the Eighteenth Alabama Regiment Provisional Army, E. C. Bullock, colonel, commanding; Cahaba Valley Rangers, Captain Oliver; Covington Hunters, Captain Brady; Bullock Guards, Captain Moxley; A. B. Moore Invincibles, Captain Hammer; Confederate

