
Blues, Captain Calhoun; Yancey Guards, Captain Hanghey; Tom Watts Rifles, Captain Armstrong; Confederate Stars, Captain Inge; Curry Guards, Captain Hunley; Coosa Farmers, Captain Smith.

IV. The following companies will be organized into a regiment, under the name and style of the Nineteenth Alabama Regiment, Provisional Army, Joseph Wheeler, colonel, commanding: Curry Guards, Captain Hollingsworth; Blount Continentals, Captain McKenzie; Cherokee Rangers, Captain Savage; Cherokee Guards, Captain Kirkpatrick; Cherokee Mountaineers, Captain Millsaps; Cherokees, Captain Cunningham; Blount Guards, Captain Skinner; Jefferson Warriors, Captain Hanby; Dickens Roughs and Readys, Captain Kimbrough; Davis Guards, Captain Rhea.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Nashville, September 16, 1861.

Colonel JOHN C. BROWN,

Camp Trousdale, Tenn.:

SIR: I transmit an order from General Johnston* by yourself, and by his authority I am directed to control the movement which he directs. The utmost secrecy is requisite in your preparations. It is desirable that you be in readiness to move to-morrow evening, but no actual announcement of the movement, unless you can effectually conceal it under guise of moving the camp, should be made until the arrival of your transportation. You should have at least fifty rounds of ammunition and subsistence for a week. If not adequately provided send your staff officer by return of engine to provide what is necessary. Your men should have a day's cooked rations in their haversacks. You will probably be advised of the actual movement an hour or two in advance of departure.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]

Nashville, TENN., September 16, 1861.

Colonel V. K. STEVENSON,

Quartermaster, Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: In obedience to the order of General A. S. Johnston, I have the honor to request you to make the following dispositions for to-morrow relative to the movement from Trousdale. I wish to have a pioneer engine at Camp Trousdale at 4 p. m. to-morrow. With this engine I wish enough railroad iron, spikes, and hammers to replace - feet of railroad track. I wish to have at Camp Trousdale at 6 p. m. to-morrow railroad transportation sufficient for 2,500 men and six pieces of artillery. With this transportation train I wish the following articles, viz, about 300 spades and pickaxes, about 100 axes and large hatchets. I will also desire to ship on it a quantity of ammunition. Please notify me of time of departure of trains.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]

---------------

* See Special Orders, No. 1, Headquaters Department Numbers 2, VOL. IV, p. 407.

---------------

