HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, January 24, 1861.

Colonel DUFF C. GREEN,

Assistant Quartemaster - General, Mobile, Ala.:

COLONEL: The Governor authorizes you to supply requisitions made upon you for provisions by Colonel Lomax at Pensacola. Arrangements have been made for an extensive supply of provisions [which for obvious reasons, however, you will not make public for the

present], and therefore the Governor does not wich you to purchase more supplies than will meet actual demands for the present. Colonel Lomax reports a deficiency in the receipt of provisions at Pensacola from the invoice sent from Mobile. Measures should be taken to prevent these peculations and depredations upon the department. The requisitions of Captain Letchum for ordnance must be held up for further advisement. Several companies will speedily be enlisted into the regular service, and they may require all the ordnance of this kind that we can raise for field purpose.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Colonel and - Aide - de - Camp.

[1.]

JANUARY 28, 1861.

S. R. MALLORY,

CEORGE S. HAWKINS,

A. E. MAXWELL,

Pensacola:

The Brooklyn is bound to Pensacola. Two companies on board.

D. L. YULEE.

[1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, Ala., January 29, 1861.

Colonel T. LOMAX,

Second Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Pensacola, Fla.:

COLONEL: It has become necessary to raise troops for more permanent service, and the Governor has determined to accept the services of volunteers for twelve months, under the ordinance of the convention of the 19th of January, 1861, a copy of which is herewith inclosed to you. The Governor directs me to authorize you to accept the services of such volunteers from this State now at Pensacola as will enter the them into companies of not less than fifty and not more than eighty - five men, allowing each company to elect their own commissioned officers. You will at once muster them into the service of the State, and cause a complete return thereof to be made to headquarters as soon as practicable. It is the Governor's intention to relieve all troops or with volunteers fro twelve months at the earliest practicable moment. Measures are being taken here for this purpose, and so soon as a sufficient number are raised, all those troops will be relieved who have been hastily called into service at so much personal sacrifice and incovnenience.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Colonel and Aide - de - Camp.

[Same to Colonel John B. Todd, Mobile.]

