
COLUMBUS, KY., September 17, 1861.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL:

I perceive there has been passed by Congress a law for local defense by which a sort of home guard may be employed for emergencies. I find I could get several regiments of that in Memphis, which I could move out from the town on the frontier or beyond, as I might desire, armed and equipped at their own expense. These regiments are prepared to take such service, and they would be eminently efficient and inexpensive also. I had thought of such an arrangement some time since, and drew up the accompanying memorandum as its basis, which I proposed to the Memphis companies. They have agreed to its provisions, and I now submit it to the Department. Should they be allowed to be mustered, I think they would do good service. If they are not, I fear the town militia law will prove so feeble and defective as to deprive us of the use of a large force.

Hoping to hear promptly from the Department in relation to this matter, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONIDAS POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

MEMORANDUM.

With the consent of the War Deparment General Polk thinks the only way in which the services of military organizations made up of married men of business that cannot leave home can be made available for the command referred to is for them to be organized into regiments and mustered into the Confederate service to serve for the war, or for a less time, as the Department may agree, it being understood that the said regiments shall be in all respects subject to the control and at the command of the commanding general of the Second Department. It is to be also understood that said regiments are not to be called out and required to leave Memphis as other regiments of the Confederate Army, but to be called out when emergencies arise, of which the commanding general shall be the judge. But when called out they shall go wherever in the judgment of the commanding general their presence is necessary, the chief object of the organization, nevertheless, being understood to be for the defense of Memphis. It is understood that the regiments in question shall uniform and equip themselves at their own expense and as far as practicable arm themselves. Also, when on duty, in Memphis or elsewhere, they shall be subsisted by the Confederate Government, and when removed on duty away from Memphis they shall be furnished transportation.

[4.]

[BOWLING GREEN, September 18, 1861..]

General A. S. JOHNSTON,

Humboldt:

I arrived at Bowling Green at 10 this morning. Colonel Hawes arrived half an hour afterward.

S. B. BUCKNER.

[4.]

