
BOWLING GREEN, September 18, 1861.

Governor HARRIS,

Nashville:

I occupied this place at 10 o'clock this morning. I hear nothing of Colonel Brown. Has he moved? Reply at once.

S. B. BUCKNER.

[4.]

[BOWLING GREEN, September 18, 1862.]

Governor HARRIS:

Colonel Brown has arrived.

S. B. BUCKNER.

[4.]

BOWLING GREEN, KY., September 18, 1861.

Captain H. B. LYON,

Clarksville, Tenn.:

Come on with your battery to Bowling Green.

S. B. BUCKNER.

[4.]

Nashville, September 18, 1861.

[Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:]

DEAR SIR: Your dispatch did not reach me, but I had gone ahead on my own individual responsibility to concert action between the Southern-rights men of all the counties upon the Nashville railroad. Saturday, Sunday, and Monday runners were going to all of the true men urging them to come with whatever arms they could procure to Elizabethtown to-day, and in addition the commanding officer of the militia called out his forces, but we took good care not to notify any but true men. Hardin is Lincoln's birthplace, so the blow will come appropriately. I left there yesterday to bring General Buckner's family to this place, and will return in the morning. The telegraph will apprise you of the advance before this reaches you, but you need have no fears of the feeling in Kentucky, now that the forward movement has commenced. At my request the principal farmers of Hardin County assembled together on Monday, and agreed to contribute enough subsistence for an army of 5,000 men for a month. They said the Confederate Government might take their whole crop if they wanted it. I gave the selected quartermaster money to defray the necessary expenses of a camp, and was satisfied from the enthusiasm displayed that the yeomanry of the State will respond zealously to the movement now made. The Confederate forces have possessed Bowling Green, and doubtless are now at Munfordville. We have nearly all the rolling-stock of the road, and no movement could be made from the city of Louisville of any magnitude against us unless some accident happens to prevent our moving rapidly on. I confidently expect to see my own house before Sunday. Unfortunately, my furniture is scattered along the road, a great portion of it being in the trains seized by our people. I shall see the thing through now, even if I go it alone on my own

