
By authority in us vested by Major General Leonidas Polk, commanding Military Department Numbers 2, the following orders are issued by the committee, consisting of W. B. Greenlaw, R. C. Brinkley, Sam. Tate, M. J. Wicks, and E. W. Munford:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMITTEE,Memphis, September 23, 1861.

Major General L. POLK:

Permit us to suggest the propriety of your either issuing an order yourself or authorizing us to do so, to the effect that shipments of cotton to this port be suspended until further instructions. Cotton is now coming in, and you will readily perceive the danger of a heavy concentration of that important article at a point so near the enemy as Memphis.

Very respectfully,

M. J. WICKS,

Chairman pro tempore.

[4.]

RUSSELLVILLE, September 25, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL:

Rousseau's force, under Sherman, is at Elizabethtown. Hawes joined by about 500 friends at Green River. Nolin and Bacon Creeks bridges have been destroyed; also the trestle-work at Green River. One-third of my remaining force is at Bowling Green. I am concentrating a heavy force twenty-five miles north of here to strike at a large force of home guards near Rochester, which is at a lock and damon Green River. After that I return to Bowling Green. Colonel Brown is in command there. If you wish to communicate with me send telegram to Russellville, and it will be forwarded to me by courier.*

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

No. 2. Columbus, Ky., September 26, 1861.

The following officers are announced as the personal and departmental staff of General Albert S. Johnston, commanding, viz:

Personal staff-Aide-de-camp, R. P Hunt, lieutenant, C. S. Army; volunteer aides, Colonel Robert W. Johnson, Colonel Thomas C. Reynolds, Colonel Sam. Tate, Major General T. Howard, Major D. M. Hayden, Major Ed. W. Munford.

Department of orders-Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Mackall, assistant adjutant--general; Captain H. P. Brewster, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant N. Wickliffe, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Quartermaster's department-Major Albert J. Smith, principal quartermaster.

Commissary department-Captain Thomas K. Jackson, principal commissary.

Engineer corps-First Lieutenant Joseph Dixon.

By command of General A. S. Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

---------------

*This in reply to Mackall, VOL. IV, p. 426.

---------------

