
CLARKSVILLE, September 26, 1861.

General POLK,

Columbus:

Captain Ben. F. Egan, just in from Smithland, reports that steamer Empress landed there on Tuesday evening 1,000 infantry and one company of cavalry, and took possession of the town. The boat came up the Ohio River, but where she brought the troops from cannot be ascertained. The gun-boat Conestoga went up the Cumberland Monday and landed at W. B. Machin's place. The officers got ashore and carefully examined the bluffs. On her return, having no Cumberland pilot aboard, she ran on a ledge of rocks just below Eddyville and seriously damaged herself. Two gun-boats went up the Ohio Monday night. The Paducah and Evansville packet, Curlen, met them Tuesday morning above Caseyville. Captain Egan is informed by Mr. D. A. Given, of Paducah, whom he saw on Tuesday evening, that there are only 8,500 troops in that place, rations only being issued for that number. Captain Cox, the commissary, who informed Mr. Given, says the troops are in constant fear and alarm. The bridge of boats across the Ohio was finished on Monday last. Mr. Given is confident that the bridge was built to secure their retreat. Mr. Given will send verbal information of much importance by sending to him a confidential messenger.

W. J. WALDRON.

[4.]

RUSSELLVILLE, September 27, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL:

I telegraphed you yesterday of my movements. I will have it repeated. I hope to accomplish the first part of my purpose to-day or to-morrow morning. The second is fixed in the direction comparing with your suggestion. From prudential motives I do not go into details. I have ordered all my disposable reserves to Bowling reen to supply the place of this force. Four of my regiments are scarcely half full; the others not strong. I need re-enforcements at Trousdale. Our friends rally slowly.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS.] AT CAMP, En Route, September 28, 1861.

Colonel Baldwin's and Colonel Palmer's regiments with the entire train will march as early as possible this morning toward Greenville. Colonel Baldwin will send information about the supply trains which left Russellville yesterday morning.

S. B. BUCKNER,Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]

AT CAMP, En Route, September 28, 1861.

Order of march: Colonel Baldwin's brigade will encamp at Jarrell's Creek, six miles south of Greenville, on Hopkinsville at Greenville road, leaving Greenville to the right on the march. The above comprises Baldwin's and Palmer's regiments. General Alcorn's brigade

