
the same. Helm's battalion six miles south of Greenville, between Greenville and Pond River.

By order of General S. B. Buckner, brigadier-general, C. S. Army:

G. O. WATTS,

Aide-de-Camp.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 167. Richmond, September 30, 1861.

* * * *

XV. Major Jeremy F. Gilmer, Corps of Engineers, will report for duty to General A. S. Johnston, at Nashville, Tenn.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,Mobile, September 30, 1861.

[S. COOPER,

Adjutanat and Inspector-General:]

GENERAL: It was not my purpose to have the volunteer organizations of this city constitute any portion of the three regiments to be added to the force here. Whatever of aid these organizations could give would be needed in addition to the force called for if any serious demonstration was made by the enemy in this locality. Two regiments for local service are tendered me, but I deemed it unwise, and inexpedient to accept of either. In my opinion lax discipline and little efficient service would inevitably result should these regiments compose the force. Their condition precedent that they shall remain at home is sufficient to show the motive and expectation which prompts and controls their action. The motive is to manifest a willingness to serve the country by organizing for the protection of their own homes and property, and engaging to fight if these are attacked. The expectation is to play soldier at home, not to neglect their private interests, nor endure fatigue, exposure, or discipline. Such material is most costly and least serviceable to Government, and I desire to be responsible for none of it. There is no difficulty as to men; five times the number required can be obtained in less than that number of weeks. My object in writing you is to be informed once for all as to my authority in the matter. Governor Moore has agreed to furnish arms for three regiments. That is all I desire of him, and now I desire that three upcountry regiments (unarmed) enlisted for the war shall be ordered here, or else that I be authorized to accept and muster in the full complement of men authorized for this service-infantry, artillery, and cavalry. If full power is given me in this matter I shall not again trouble the Department. Am I to be responsible for or to have any control over Confederate troops ordered into camp in other sections of the State? The senseless panic which is said to have prevailed in this community seems to have subsided.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

