
After having written the preceding communication, Colonel James Crawford called and showed to me a letter from Governor Moore, which contained a promise that a regiment raised by him, and composed of one cavalry company, one company field artillery, and eight companies of infantry and riflemen, should be the first accepted for this service and be given precedence over all others. I informed Colonel Crawford that not only was such regimental organization unusual, but that it was unsuited for this service, and that, in the event of its being mustered in, I should detach the cavalry and artillery from his command. This he objected to, and requested that I would refer the subject to headquarters at Richmond, which I now do, with the remark that I have no use for such an organization. Dictation as to what shall constitute the command (from unauthorized sources) is one of the evils to be expected from these local-service organizations.

J. M. W.

[6.]

JACKSON, September 30, 1861.

The PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: I do not think the requisiiton for the reserve of 3,000 men for the war will be filled, even without the requisition of General Johnston for 10,000 recently made. There are, from accounts I get here, fifteen companies in camp. The twelve-montsh' State troops (6,000) have absorbed the young men. The 10,000, if in addition (these State troops are, it is supposed, transferred already) to troops already raised, if you consider Adams', Bonham's, and Russell's regiments, together with the fifteen companies in camp and the 6,000 State troops, cannot be obtained.

You would be struck with the aspect which our State now presents. Except in the principal towns the country appears to be deserted. There are not more men left than the demands of society and the police of a slave-holding country actually require. The State has put in the field and in camp about 25,000 men. This exceeds her proportion. If invaded she could send to a battle 10,000 or 15,000 more, but she cannot put more in service for twelve months. It has occurred to me that General Johnston was not aware of the strain on our population already created. One thousand or two thousand may be collected in the State under this requisition. I should be surprised if the number exceeds 2,000. The disposition of the people is to give everything and do everything necessary, but the preservation of the crops, order, and safety require that a certain number of active men should remain within the State. I write to prepare you for delay in raising men, and even for disappointment as to numbers, and expect no reply.

With great regard and respect, your obedient servant,

W. P. HARRIS.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 168. Richmond, October 1, 1861.

* * * *

IV. Brigadier General A. H. Gladden, Provisional Army, will report for duty to Major-General Bragg at Pensacola, Fla.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[6.]

