
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 2. Hopkinsville, Ky., October 1, 1861.

General Buckner directs that you will march with your command to-morrow at sunrise, or as soon thereafter as possible, on the road leading to Tate's Station, twenty-four miles distant. You will so regulate the march as to reach the station by day after to-morrow evening. The Tennessee cavalry will march to Russelville by the Russellville road. Your command will consist of your own regiment, Colonel Palmer's regiment, Colonel Helm's battalion, and the six pieces of artillery.

By order of General Buckner:

G. B. CROSBY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel BALDWIN.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 3. En Route, October 1, 1861.

The Eighteenth Tennessee Regiment, Fourteenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Helm's battalion, and Captain Porter's artillery will be ready to march to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, with rations cooked for dinner.

By order of W. E. Baldwin, colonel commanding brigade:

E. J. VASSER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

REPORT.

To the GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE:

The undersigned, members of the Military and Financial Board, beg leave respectfully to report that they were organized under the act of May last, soon after its passage, and have been engaged ever since in the execution of the arduous and difficult trusts imposed upon them. Prior to their organization and in anticipation of the passage of the act of May, a preliminary and informal board was instituted at the instance of the Governor of the State, by whose agency large supplies of clothing, provisions, and material of war were purchased and shipped to Nashville. The sequel has shwon the wisdom and forecast of this early movement, as it enabled the State to secure a large amount of articles of indispensable necessity that in a short time afterward could not be purchased at any price; and much of what was still attain able and important to the service soon rose to enormous rates. Contemporaneously with this original board, there were established by private citizens at Nashville, Knoxville, Memphis, and other places boards of supply that rendered efficient and valuable services as auxiliaries in the great work of preparation. And to the liberality and patriotism of the citizens of those and other localities the State is largely indebted for whatever has been achieved in organizing and fitting out the Provisional Army. The undersigned, of course, found many difficulties to encounter. A large army, such as Tennessee had never furnished before, had to be raised, organized, equipped, clothed, fed, and paid. The task was a new one, and the facilities in many respects not abundant. Arms and ammunition, the most important items

