
[CHAP. LXIV.
HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, January 30, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM WALKER,

First Artillery, Army of Alabama, Mobile, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: The Governor has appointed you a captain of artillery in the regular army of the State, by virtue of an ordinance of the convention of the 19th of January, 1861, and your comussion is herewith inclosed. You will at once signify your acceptance or declesion of this commission. If you accept you will forthwith report yourself for duty, and await further instructions from headquarters.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Colonel and Aide - de - Camp.

[Similar letters of the same date were directed to Captain Stephen P. Winston, Mobile, Ala.; H. Maury, Mobile, Ala.; care of Colonel Todd; Joseph M. Cary, Eufaula, Ala.: James T. Gee, Selma, Ala.; John Burtwell, Florence, Ala.]

[1.]

JANUARY 31, 1861.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Colonel W. H. CHASE,

Pensacola:

The subject of your dispatch is before the President. Will advise you the result.

D. L. YULEE.

[1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, February 5, 1861.

Captain JOHN BURTWELL,

Florence, Ala.:

SIR: The Governor instructs me to order you to enter immediately on recruiting service in the district of Huntsville. You will at once open a rendezvous in the city of Huntsville, which will be your recruiting station. You are authorized to extend your efforts to obtain recruits into the neigbouring counties and villages. You will be furnished with instructions, at an early day, from the adjutant - general's department, and until you receive them you will governed by those found in the Regulations of the U. S. Army for 1857, authorized by Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War, so far as they may be applicable to the service of this State. Robert T. Jones has been tis day appointed lieutenant - colonel of the First Regimetn of the Army of Alabama, under the ordinance of the convention of the 19th of January, 1861, and assigned to the recruiting service as superintendent of all the districts in the State.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Colonel and Aide - de - Camp.

[Similar letters were addressed to Captain William Walker, Mobile, recruiting disrtict Mobile, recruiting station Mobile; Captain James T. Gee, Selma, recruiting station Selma; Captain Joseph M. Cary, recruiting

