
living in the various counties, but also with the minutest path. I must add besides that he has seen much service since the Mexican war, and that he is a true hearted, iron nerved, old fashioned Kentuckian. I recommend him in one word as an able and efficient officer. I am now, in order to be ready in time, raising one light battery of artillery, which will be ready by the 15th instant. My presence here is not needed, and were it needed it would not be required by the Governor. Unable on this account to be of any service to my native State, I will serve it in another State. The battles of Louisiana are now being fought in Kentucky.

With deep respect, general, I remain, yours obediently,

J. TRUDEAU,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

COLUMBUS, KY., October 4, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Adjutant-General, Western Department:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a map* of the country examined by me in accordance with instructions received from you dated headquarters Western Department, September 30, 1861.# You will perceive by examining the map that I followed the usual traveled route from this place to Clinton, crossing the Obion and Cane Creeks by tolerably good bridges. Obion Creek at the crossing affords plenty of water for any number of men and animals, but Cane is nearly dry, water being found in but few places, and that in small quantities. From Clinton to Baltimore our road passed over a slightly undulating country with very little water, except what is found in wells and cisterns. Baltimore is situated about two miles above the junction of Obion and Brush Creeks upon an eminence that commands all the surrounding country for miles, and from the base of which flow several small springs that would furnish water sufficient for 2,500 men. Baltimore is five miles from the nearest depot, on the Paducah and Union City Railroad. The wood for fuel is about two miles from the town. The country along the railroad from Ringgold to Mayfield is scarce of water, there being but two small springs on the route. From Mayfield to Columbus, via Milburn, the road passes along the summit of a dry and barren ridge, destitute of water, the inhabitants depending entirely on wells, cisterns, and artificial ponds. Near the point where the road from Clinton to Dublin crosses the Obion there are several springs (called Sullivan's Springs) flowing from the base of a bluff on the north side of the creek that would furnish a sufficient amount of water for 4,000 troops. The bluff above Sullivan's Springs commands the country on the opposite side of the creek, but it is in turn commanded by a ridge that rises gradually from it in a northern direction; but I believe that a work might be constructed that would be defiled from the bridge in the rear. The water in Obion Creek at this place and from four to gis from two to six feet deep and is said never to go dry, although at present it is not running. There is plenty of wood for fuel and fine places for bivouacs along the creek near Sullivan's Springs. The two above-mentioned places are the only ones in the country where there is a sufficient amount of good water for a considerable number of troops to camp. The roads in the country are generally practicable for artillery and heavy loaded wagons. The one

---------------

*Not found.

#See VOL. Iv, p. 432.

---------------

