
Six miles above are Hillman &amp; Bros. Iron Works, where facilities of chains, boats, picks, bars, sledges, &c., could be obtained on loan; therefore, with its close proximity to the Tennessee, I consider it preferable. The third point, Line Island, is still above, it being seventy-five miles from the mouth of the Cumberland, two miles below Linton Landing, and four miles below line post, the line of the STates of Kentucky and Tennessee. To effectually dam this point, it would require at least two, if not three boats, to be sunken under specifications as above. There is also rock in abundance three-quarters of a mile up the river, but would require to be blasted. At low water we have two feet and a half; the left-hand downstream bank is the channel, and only one; its width in low water, 65 feet; in ordinary water, 140 feet. The soil of the bank is stiff blue clay, strongly mixed with iron cemented gravel, subject to but little wash at the highest stage of water; its bottom is rock and loose shifting sand, particularly at the tail end of the rock dam. Midway the river and next the right-hand shore, down-stream, is an extensive rock dam, running up and down the river, which confines the water in the chute. Immediately inside and back of the dam it is well backed by graded bar, and next the shore small islands. The dam runs across the head of these islands and is thirty-five feet at base, with ten feet curve and eight feet in depth; has proven itself capable of more resistance than has ever been offered by the extraordinary floods of the river. Should an unexpected rise occur, we have base sufficient to raise the dam three feet more in height. In placing boats apart, you avoid much settling and wash, besides less obstructions to the passage of water, with economy in length in the gain of the apertures. This outfit should be at least six barges, retaining the unsunken ones to town rock to the sunken ones, as their burthen would have to be regulated by the amount of water at the time of sinking, therefore could be but partially ladened, one good chain cable, two good anchors, ten good bow and stern lines for boats, two cables for anchors, two steamers for towing and conveying purposes, picks, bars, sledges, and hand-barrows. We have the barges at Nashville, suitable and requisite, that are confiscated, also the materials requisite. The steamers can be procured here, one at $35 per day, the other at $45, charter, expenses to be borne by the Government. In thirty hours from departure from Nashville can reach the field of operations, when one steamer can be sent back and discharged, retaining one for towing purposes. These suggestions are momentary, yet not so difficult, but anything else requisite could be procured at the field of operaitons. The work could be completed in one week and the entire expedition end in ten days.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. HARRISON,

Captain,

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, October 6, 1861.

Major General B. BRAGG,

Pensacola:

DEAR SIR: I have your favor of the 25th ultimo,* and have examined into the causes suggested by you as tending to create dissatisfaction amongst your officers, and whilst there is much truth in the assertion

---------------

*See VOL. VI, p. 744.

---------------

