
district Eafaula; Captain Reuben T. Thom, recruiiting district Montgomery, station Montgomery. Captain Walker was authorized to extend his operations as far as New Orleans, provided the same would not be objected to by the Governor of Louisiana.

[1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, February 7, 1861.

Colonel JOHN H. FORNEY,

First Regiment Artillery, Army of Alabama, Pensacola, Fla.:

COLONEL: Your commission as colonel of artillery in the regular Army of Alabama is herewith jinclosed. The Governor directs me to say to lyou that should the Governor of Florida signify his desire for are at liberty to do, so, and in any event you will remain at Pensacola until further orders. The Governor desires you to do all in your power to render these twelve - months'troops now being sent down as proficient as possible by constant drill and instruction.

Very respectfully,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Colonel and Aide - de - Camp.

[1.]

MEMORANDUM ORDER.] EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Motgomery, February 11, 1861.

Colonel John J. Seibels, of my special staff and one of the members of the executive council, is sent to Mobile, Forts Morgan, Gaines, and Mount Vernor Arsenal, &amp;c., with a view of examining into and reporting upon the conditions of these fortifications, their armament, strenght, and capacity generally to resist attack. He will also confer and counsel with Quartemaster - General Duff C. Green regarding the expenses of the quartemaster's department, with the view of reducing its expeditures to the lowest point consisten with the efficiency of the service. Finally, Colonel Seibels is authorized to inquire and examine into all matters connected with the military servcice of the State at the points visited by him, in order that he may furnish the Executive with such information as may enable him the better to provide for the exigencies of the crisis.

A. B. MOORE.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., February 18, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Governor of the State of Alabama:

SIR: On the 25th of January, 1861, I had the honor to received from Your Excellency the appointment of commissioner from the State of Alabama to the Government of the United States at Washington City:

To negotiate with the said Government in reference to the jforts, arsenals, an I custom - houses within this State, and the public debt of the United States; also as to the future relations of the State of Alabama, now a sovereign; independent State, with the Government of the United States.

2 R R - VOL LII. PT II

