
feared that the Union bridge is destroyed. I send one regiment to Knoxville. Carroll's brigade, ordered to report to me, not heard from.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 176. Richmond, October 10, 1861.

* * * *

XI. The regiment of Mississippi Volunteers commanded by Colonel B. G. Humphreys will hereafter be designated and reported as the Twenty-first Regiment Mississippi Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[6.]
HDQRS. ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI, ORDNANCE OFFICE,Jackson, October 10, 1861.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Last spring I was requested to take charge of the construction of a battery above the city of Vicksburg of the defense of the river. A small plateau, about twenty feet above high water, with a very deep ravine around it, was selected. The numerous hills in the rear completely command it, and render it a very strong position and protect it against land forces. It has a very strong profile, and there are in the work, I believe, thirteen gun carriages, three new 42-pounder barbette carriages, and eighty 24-pounder barbettes, part new, and one casemate, 24-pounder. All these I shall mount in some two weeks. There are also three (42-pounder) guns for which I have ordered no carriages, and some three 24-pounders on siege and garrison carriages. I have had the work constructed chiefly by volunteer companies which have been encamped there. They are now all gone, and I write you to say that H. E. Barnes, civil engineer, who superintendent the work for me, is now anxious to raise a company of heavy artillery for the war, to garrison it. He is a very worthy gentleman (and brother of Dr. J. K. Barnes, U. S. Army) and long a resident of the South. Can you authorize him to raise a company thus? The trouble is this: The citizens of Vicksburg have contributed so much to the seventeen companies they have sent to the field that Mr. Barnes does not feel authorized to call on them for support of the company during its organization. If he could be furnished on your order with provisions and clothing he can raise a fine company. I commend it to your consideration. During the organization they will remain in and protect the work. My excuse for the length of this letter must be that of informing you the strength of the works. If you wish any good gun carriages made, I have all the patterns here where these were constructed. They are made of ash and strictly in accordance with ordnance regulations. I have prepared the ammunition, except filling the cartridges for the guns. A few hundred more junk wads will be required for the 24-pounders and for the 42-pounders.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Ordnance, Mississippi Army.

