
[Indorsement.]

If the within named can raise at once a considerable portion of the company, they may be fed and will be clothed as soon as practicable, or payment be made of the commutations.

[6.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., October 10, 1861.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of the West:

I am instructed by His Excellency Governor Harris to inclose you his proclamation of the 26th ultimo,* calling 30,000 additional troops into the field from Tennessee, in compliance with your requisition upon him. In addition to the camps mentioned in said proclamation, it has been deemed proper by him to establish encampments at the points heretofore known as Camp Cheatham, in Robertson County, and Camp Trousdale, in Sumner County, Tenn. The forces thus called into service will in the main present themselves by companies, it is believed, and on condition that when formed into battalions and regiments they be permitted (as His Excellency has assured them they shall be in said proclamation) to elect their own field officers. On no other conditions could volunteers be obtained. Upon the subject of the transportation of the troops to the points of rendezvous some information is desired. If mustered into service at the various places where they report themselves ready for service considerable trouble would result, and a large force of mustering and inspecting officers would be required. If, on the other hand, they are not mustered into service untl they reach their respective encampments, means of transportation upon railroads and boats, where tehse modes of conveyance are most convenient, should be supplied or the expenses thereof met by the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully,

JAMES W. McHENRY,

Adjutant-General.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENNESSEE BRIGADE,

Numbers 24. October 10, 1861.

During the temporary absence of Colonel Brown on detached service, Colonel J. B. Palmer, of the Eighteenth Regiment, is left in command of the brigade.

By order of John C. Brown, colonel commanding brigade:

P. B. PLUMMER,

Aide-de-Camp.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, October 12, 1861.

Honorable W. P. HARRIS,

Jackson, Miss.:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo has been referred by the President to the Secretary of War, who directs me to say that General

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

