
Johnston's call upon the Governor of Missississippi was not warranted by the just rule of proportionate supply, and such overdrafts will be avoided in future.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Buckner, October 14, 1861.

Colonel W. B. WOOD,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

SIR: I have just been informed that General W. R. Caswell has resigned. He had politely given me great assistance in the attention due to military matters in East Tennessee. You will remain at Knoxville, therefore, in command of that post until relieved, sending forward 350 men of your regiment, as ordered yesterday, under command of a field officer. You willl order Lieutenant-Colonel McClellan to march to Cumberland Ford with three companies of his battalion, leaving the other three temporarily at Knoxville. It will be necessary for proper cavalry escorts to be sent from Knoxville to Jamestown with the subsistence trains ordered to that point. The brigade commissary and quartermaster will place at Jamestown by the 25th instant ten days' rations for 4,000 men. It would be better could it all be sent in one train about that time, and authority is hereby given to press, if necessary, the requisite teams. Inclosed I send you the orders to Majors Fain and Jackson, and a letter to Major Bridgman, now perhaps at Camp McGinnis, which you will read and then forward to him by a cavalry officer and four privates, who will keep an account of their expenses, to be paid by the quartermaster's department on their return. Have my letters forwarded by express, and keep me advised of what is transpiring every day. As I move forward I will lmake arrangements for cavalry expressment to concert daily with the Gap and Knoxville. Say to General Caswell I would very much like to have him with me in this excursion.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

MOBILE, ALA., October 15, 1861.

[General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-GEneral:]

GENERAL: The extraordinary channel through which I am made cognizant of the fact that in the opinion of the Secretary of War and Adjutant-General I was amenable to the censure contained in a communication addressed to me by Colonel Nortrop, Commissary-General of Subsistence, induces me to inclose to you the copy of said communication, marked A, and also the copies of "memoranda for defenses of Mobile," marked B, and of telegraphic dispatch signed by you, marked C. The point of censure, as stated in Colonel Northrop's communication, is that there was no authority for calling into service for local defense troops at or near this place, and that at your request he forwarded to me the order referred to. The order which Colonel Northrop inclosed was simply a copy of the law providing for "local defense and special service." An examination of the memoranda will show that the

