
Secretary of War approved of three infantry regiments being added to the forces for this command, and that he directed that two of these regiments should be "armed and designated" by Governor Moore, of Alabama. This was done by Governor Moore, who "armed and designated" first, "for the war" regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Garrott, and, second, a "twelve-months' home defense" regiment, under command of Colonel Crawford. For these two regiments, then, the Secretary of War and Governor Moore, of Alabama, are certainly responsible. Your telegraphic dispatch signed by you will show by what authority Colonel Buck's regiment for local defense was mustered into service. From this review I can find no just predicate for the censure; that no orders from the Secretary of War or Adjutant-General could be found for the calling in service for local defense troops at or near this place. By Special Orders, Numbers 151, "the State of Alabama and that portion of Mississippi east of the Pascagoula River" was constituted a separate command, to the charge of which I was assigned. This order bears date September 12, 1861. By Special Orders, Numbers 173, "the command of Major General Braxton Bragg, Provisional Army, is extended to embrace the coast and State of Alabama." The fifteen miles of coast with the "portion of Mississippi east of the Pascagoula River" is not embraced in Special Orders, Numbers 173, which does not, therefore, fully supersede Special Orders, Numbers 151. I do not certainly know what my position now is, or what the authorities purposed making it, but presume that Special Orders, Numbers 173, was intended to supersede Numbers 151, and attach me to the command of General Bragg. The circumstances under which I was relieved from duty at Norfolk and assigned to this command were certainly not calculated to warn me of the humiliation and mortification to be inflicted by this sudden manifestation of change in estimate of my fitness for the position to which I was then assigned. Those circumstances, including the disparaging telegrams from this city (since proved to have been unfounded by the number of volunteers who have pressed to be received into service), preclude me, as they do this community, from considering my position now otherwise than as one of humiliation. After that which I have now stated I trust you will sanction my request to have this communication laid before the President and approve my application to be releived from duty here and ordered wherever it is the pleasure of the Government to assign me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

[Inclosures.]

A.

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 7, 1861.

General J. M. WITHERS,

Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: Major John J. Walker has written me a letter of the 3rd instant relating to obtaning supplies for troops, which, it seems, are expected to be provided from Mobile. Not having had any instructions respecting such forces, I have seen the Secretary of War and the Adjutant-General. I can find no order for the calling in service for local defense troops at or near that place. General Cooper requests me to send you a copy of the order referred to. Accordingly I do it. I have not kept up the supplies at Mobile, because at Montgomery by rail and river,

