
respectively, both Pensacola and Mobile acould be provided. The flour which was there and represented as kiln-dried, proof against souring, has been reported damaged. Furthermore, the manufacturing of money by the Treasury has never kept up with the demand. Great delays have been experienced, and finally Mr. Memminger called, through the Secretary of War, the chiefs of the Quartermaster's, Commissary, and Ordnance Departments, stated the difficulty, and that money must not be called for too fast, but in small amounts, &amp;c. It has been impossible to obtain what was necessary, and as the new crops were coming in another motive was presented for postponing purchases of flour. As for salt meats and coffee, as long as they could be found I bought. I telegraphed Major Walker this morning on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

B.

ENGINEER BUREAU, WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 11, 1861.

General JONES M. WITHERS:

DEAR SIR: I append a list of munitions, &c., which I conceive to be wanted at Fort Morgan and its dependencies-in some things changes may have been made and wants supplied without my knowledge: 100 barrels powder, 3,000 friction-primers, 100 light-balls, 1,000 Bormann fuses, 1,000 common fuses (those on hand are thought to be bad), 1,000 yards quick-match (slow-match believed to be on hand), 1 pattern shell heads. The shells to be used with Bormann fuses require a screw to be cut in them. This fuse burns ten seconds only, and is therefore not suited to long ranges. The flank casemate guns for Fort Gaines, twenty 24-pounder howitzers, are being made at Lynchburg. Of this number, however, Mr. Tanner has shipped four which have miscarried. Please see him about it.

Very truly, yours,

D. LEADBETTER.

Memoranda as to the defenses of Mobile, Ala.: Three regiments infantry (Governor Moore, of Alabama, will arm and designate two of these regiments), six companies cavalry, six batteries field artillery. Acting ordnance officer, Second Lieutenant W. F. Withers, infantry; ordnance-sergeant, David T. Blakely, private, Third Alabama Volunteers, commissary, John J. Walker, Alabama; medical director,----.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, September 12, 1861.

The within-mentioned material will be furnished General Withers, and the memoranda as to the defenses for Mobile, Ala., are approved.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

C.

RICHMOND, October 6, 1861.

General J. M. WITHERS,

Mobile:

You are authorized to receive Colonel Buck's regiment for home defense.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

[6.]

