
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, Tenn., October 16, 1861.

Captain Lindsay, of C. S. Army, will proceed to Knoxville and transfer to Confederate States any troops stationed there or in that vicinity belonging to the Provisional Army of Tennessee. He will then proceed to the headquarters of General Zollicoffer and transfer all troops under his command which belong to Provisional Army of Tennessee to the Confederate States. The transfer is made by simply verifying the rolls and receiving a copy of the same when verified. The rolls are verified by calling them, and the names of all men who answer or are accounted for will remain upon the rolls. Such as do not answer includes everything pertaining to the regimental organization, except surgeons, quartermaster, and commissary. You will report to me what you have done in the premises.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

If you find an officer of the Confederate Army at Knoxville or at General Zollicoffer's headquarters, sent there to perform the duties herein assigned to you, you will turn the matter over to him and report yourself here for duty, giving said officer a copy of this order.

I. G. H.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Buckner, October 16, 1861.

The senior captain in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Branner's battalion will march toward Barboursville and London this day at 1 o'clock with 220 men in advance of the corps of the brigade, which will commence the march at 12 a. M. The residue of this battalion, including the sick, will remain at this post. Colonel Rains will march with 650 men of his regiment, inclusive of officers; Colonel Statham, with 600 of his regiment; Colonel Newman, with 600 of his regiment; Colonel Battle, with 650 of his regiment; Colonel Powel, with 650 of his regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel McNairy, with 280 of his battalion; Lieutenant-colonel Brazelton, with 280 of his battalion. The residue of these regiments and battalions, inclusive of the sick, will remain at this post. Captain Rutledge, with his artillery company, will march, leaving the sick at this post. The several corps will move in the order in which they are named, except the artillery company, which will immediately follow the infantry. Before marching the field officers and captains will carefully inspect the condition of the arms, ammunition, and equipments of their respective commands. A proportion of the sapping tools of each command, relative to the proportion of the command ordered to march, will be taken along. The baggage train and ambulances will follow the artillery; the baggage train of general headquarters preceding the regimental and battalion trains, each in the order of march of the troops to which they belong, and each under a guard to be detailed by the officer of the day. Each regimental or battalion train will be under charge of a quartermaster, and the whole will be conducted by the brigade quartermaster. An advance guard of infantry and cavalry will precede the column. An infantry rear guard will follow the baggage train, and a cavalry rear guard will follow the cavalry. Major A. L. Landis will assume the command of this post, and the commanding officer of each infantry regiment will assign to duty

