
two commissioned and four non-commissioned officers, and each cavalry battalion one commissioned and two non-commissioned officers, with the portions of the respective commands left at this post. The commanding officer of each regiment of infantry and battalion of cavalry will leave his sick under the special care of some surgeon whom he may select. Doctor Pitts is hereby assigned to duty as hospital surgeon, charged with the duty of providing hospital accommodations and of determining hospital regulations.

By order of Brigadier-General Zollicoffer:

POLLOK B. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DIVISION OF Kentucky,Bowling Green, October 17, 1861.

COMMANDER OF CAVALRY FORCE ON BOWLING GREEN AND MUNFORDVILLE ROAD:

SIR: There is a Lincoln home-guard force of 200 or 300 men in Brownsville, on Green River. They contemplate, whenever they feel the strength, to take a raid on the railroad somewhere near Rocky Hill Station. Until you receive orders from General Hardee, you will station your force with a view of guarding against such a casualty. You will throw out scouts and pickets in the direction of Brownsville. Report your position and the information I send you to General Hardee.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, October 17, 1861.

Brigadier General F. K. ZOLLICOFFER:

GENERAL: Dispatches arrived to-day from Major Bridgman and Captains Gass and Snow, and as the movements of their commands were not perhaps anticipated by you, I inclose their letters to you.* I had sent forward on yesterday your order to Major Bridgman, and Captain Legg, who was charged with the duty, ordered the lieutenant who bore it to go through Post Oak Springs; consequently Major Bridgman must have received the order to-day. I wrote to Captain Gass to-day, informing him that orders had been sent to Major Bridgman to proceed with his command to Jamestown by 25th instant, and directing Captain Gass to unite his company with Major B.'s command as soon as he arrived at Jamestown; in the meantime to do such scouting service as in his judgment the exigency of affairs might require. I have sent Captain Gass the ammunition required, and Major Jackson, upon my request, has sent him $350 to buy subsistence, forage, &amp;c. Clothing and shoes have been botained for both Captains Gass' and Snow's companies. Major Jackson is getting up a train for Jamestown, which he expects to get off to-morrow. Captain Legg's company of cavalry has returned here from Strawberry Plains, and Captain Gillespie's from Jamestown, and I understand Captain Eldredge's will be here to-morrow from Loudon bridge. These companies, I suppose, return

---------------

*None of these communications found as inclosures, but see Gass to Caswell, VOL. IV, p. 447.

---------------

12 R R-VOL LII, PT II

