
under orders given before I took command of the post, of which I was not fully apprised. I am not certain that it is safe to leave the bridges unguarded, and I will send detachments to them of the new infantry recruits that may come in, unless you direct otherwise. Captain Brock's company of cavalry from Union County came in this evening, under the late call of the Governor.

FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 18, 1861.

GENERAL: Yours of the 16th just received by the courier. The orders to Major Bridgman and Colonel Murray will be sent forward to-day. I will order two companies of Colonel McClellan's command to Jamestown. I see from your letter that you are apprised of the movements of Colonel Stanton and Major Bridgman. It is not therefore necessary for me to send you the letters of Major B. and Captains Gass and Snow.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel.

[4.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., October 17, 1861.

General ALBERT S. JOHNSTON:

In transmitting the letter of His Excellency Governor Harris to you, together with other communications, I beg leave to add that the regiments of Colonels Stanton and Murray were ordered to be organized expressly for the protection of the section of Overton, Fentress, and adjoining counties. While subject to duty anywhere, their removal leaves, as you are assured by men of the highest respectability, the country wholly exposed to the enemy.

Respectfully,

JAMES W. McHENRY.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, Tenn., October 17, 1861.

General JOHNSTON:

DEAR SIR: I herewith transmit communications from highly respectable citizens of Overton and Fentress Counties showing a state of apprehension well grounded to some extent, I fear, of marauding parties from the enemy's camp in close proximity to these counties. Having transferred to Confederate States all the organized troops and army of the State, I must call upon you to take such steps as will protect our soil from invasion and defend the lives and property of our citizens.

Respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

LIVINGSTON, October 14, 1861.

Governor HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: A late order of Generals Johnston and Buckner, of the Confederate Army, removing the forces from this county and Fentress, and leaving us unprotected, makes it necessary for us to address you again

