
upon the subject of our safety. You are doubtless already informed that some of our troops a few weeks ago visited Albany, Ky., thirty miles distantly from here, and carried off the guns of the Federals there; that shortly after a considerable Federal force from the Federal camp removed to Albany, which is but six miles from the State line, and held it for some days, sending their cavalry frequently for miles into this State, and killing one man, Mr. Saunfley, and carrying away on several occasions the property of our citizens. They also insulted women and children, and went to the houses of our strong Southern men at night in search of them, and threatened to shoot the family if they did not tell where the hisband and father was. The pickets are formed of the most reckless men, and generally the renegades from Tennessee, and led by the notorious Jim Ferguson, the murdered of Saufley and other Southern men, whose ambition seems to be to shoot Southern men in cold blood whenever he meets them, and it, as we are informed, daily seeking to shoot his own brother because he is in the army here. In addition, we know that particular animosity exists against this county and this town, because they have been the rendezvous of so of soldiers, and the points from which the expedition against Albany went out, and also the asylum of the oppressed Kentuckians. It is known, too, that particular men, our best citizens, in this county and Fentress, are marked out on the black list of the renegades, whose lives and property now lie under the most fiendish threats. We know they are unprincipled; that they are not governed by the laws of war, but a revengeful desire of blood and plunder, stimulated by the unholy competition for ascendency in taking scalps and plunder as trophies. On yesterday, we learn, the cavalry of Captains Sanders and Bledsoe, marched toward Burkesville, Ky., for the purpose of taking that place and recovering a considerable amount of goods belonging to Southern men, lately purchased in Louisvilhere. Burkesville is but thirty-five miles from this town and fifteen from the Obey River, the wealthiest portion of our country, and where a large portion of our grain, and our hogs and beef-cattle, fine horses and mules, wagons, &amp;c., are. We could state many other facts to show our condition and the kind of enemy on our border, but would refer Your Excellency to Adjutant-General McHenry, Senator Hildreth, Representative Donaldson, and Captain Rice, the bearer, for further particulars. Colonel Stanton's regiment moved yesterday, and Colonel Murray's will to-day or to-morrow, for Bowling Green, and all the cavalry here moves with them. Thus we are left at the mercy of our foes, a portion of whom are still about Albany, Ky., daily scouting along our border, and this, too, after these recent visits to Burkesville and Albany, which have so stirred up our enemy as to cause him to seek the very first opportunity for retaliation. Notwithstanding we have sent out nearly 1,000 fighting men, embracing nearly every man capable of bearing arms who could be spared from home under any ordinary state of the warfare, we are thus driven to the necessity of raising more men to save our homes and property. We have held a calm council, and concluded to call on Your Excellency's known patriotism for aid and protection, and more especially for arms and ammunition, as all the arms worth anything, or nearly so, here have been taken into the army, and were are nearly defenseless. We therefore hope you can send us a regiment (infantry), and a company of cavalry well armed, forthwith. We think it probable General Caswell can spare them. If you cannot send a regiment of infantry, perhaps you can a battalion of cavalry,

