
[CHAP. LXIV.

On receiving my commission I fortwith repaired to the city of Washington to enter upon the duties of the trust which had been confided to me. The day after my arrival I applied, through the Honorable C. C. Clay, Jr., for an audience with the President of the United States to present my credentials and enter upon the proposed negotiations. I herewith submitt to Your Excellency a copy of the entire correspondence between Mr. Clay and the President, and Mr. Mr. Clay and myself, relating to the mission. By it your Excellency will perceive that the President refused to recognize me in the only character in which I was athorized to represent the State. This, of course, ended my duties as ocmmissioner.

Trusting my action, as shown by the correspondence, may meet with the approval of Your Excellency, I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

THOS. J. JUDGE,

Commissioner, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

BROWN'S HOTEL,

Washington City, February 2, 1861.

Honorable T. J. JUDGE:

DEAR SIR: I send you a copy of my note in your behalf, as commissiioner, &c., to the President of the United States, and his reply, which has reached me since 7 p. m. please read and advise me of your whishes and purpose in the premises by Monday next. I will defer my departure for a few days longer, if I can serve you by remaining.

I am, respectfully, and trylu, yours, &c.,

C. C. CLAY, Jr.

[Sub - inclosure Numbers 1.]

BROWN'S HOTEL,

Washington City, February 1, 1861.

His Excellency JAMES BUCHNAN,

President of the United States of America;

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the Honorable Thomas J. Judge, al Alabama, duly commissioned to negotiate with the Government of the United States in reference to the forts, arsenals, and custom -houses in that State, and the debt of the United States, is in this city and desires to present his credentials and enter upon the proposed negotiation. Will you be pleased to inform me when it will suit your convenience to give him and audience, and oblige.

With high consideration, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

C. C. CLAY, Jr.

[Sub - inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON, February 2, 1861.

Honorable CLEMENT C. CLAY, &c.:

DEAR SIR: In answer to your note of yesterday, I shall be happy to receive the Honorable Thomas J. Judge, as a distinguished citizen of Alabama, either at 12 or 3 o' clock on Monday, as may best suit his convenience. You are doubtless aware, from my several messages, that, in my judgment, I have no power to recognize him in the character ascribed to him by your letter.

Yours, very respectfully,

JAMES BUCHNAN.

