
which would just now be very efficient for scouting. In case neither can be done, we hope you will authorize us to form companies of minutemen, under the act of assembly, so that we may be able to keep some sort of force to prevent raids, and to watch the Camp McGinnis gap, so that the Federals may not have an uninterrupted communication with their friends in East Tennessee, nor be able to march thither before the forces there could be notified of their coming. We can give assurance that the matter will be prudently managed here, under any arrangement you may decide to make, as we feel that our safety is staked. Captain Bledsoe's cavalry company was expected to remain near Camp McGinnis, but it is gone via Burkesville to Bowling Green, and all the forces, infantry and cavalry, are leaving. Youeration of our condition is most sincerely desired, and will be gratefully remembered by us and this part of the country in this our time of need.

A. A. SWOPE.

A. J. GOODBUR.

D. H. CAPPS.

[AND 18 OTHERS.]

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

LIVINGSTON, TENN., October 14, 1861.

Honorable ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: I am compelled to write to you, not through any fear, but out of a high sense of duty to my country and family. We are in danger here of an invasion from the Lincolnite Kentuckians, because, by the order of General Johnston, all our troops here are now removed and we are left without troops, and constant invasion threatened. The troops in leaving here are going through the border counties of Kentucky creating a violent spirit of hatred against them and this country because troops were formed here into regiments. There are no troops between here and Cumberland Gap. Through Fentress is the best road to the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad. There are armed men, called home guards, in all the border counties, and also two companies of cavalry in Clinton County, Ky., who will pillage and steal anything, murder, rob, &c. Our arms the citizens had here were nearly all given up to the State in the formation of the first regiment. There are not 100 rifles in the county. Governor, send us a regiment of infantry if you can, and until then give us such protection in way of cavalry as you can.

Yours, truly,

WM. E. B. JONES.

[4.]

BOWLING GREEN, October 17, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee:

SIR: General Johnston desires me to acknowledge the receipt of letter of this date and its inclosures. The petitions of the citizens of Overton and adjoining counties are founded on a misapprehension of his orders. Colonel Stanton's regiment alone has been ordered to this place. Colonel Murray's regiment and the cavalry have been directed to co-operate with Colonel Stanton in a particular movement, which will occupy him only a few days' after which both Colonel Murray and the cavalry will return to their original positions. The knowledge of this fact, the

