
general hopes, will reassure the citizens of that part of the State of his purpose to give them all needful protection.

I am, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

P. S.- General Johnston further directs me to say that Colonel Stanton will be instructed to co-operate with Colonel Murray in breaking up the various Lincoln rendezvous in Southern Kentucky, which now menace the citizens of Tennessee, and that he will not be expected to repair to this point until this duty is accomplished. He expects the armed citizens of the locality to join in this movement. After these encampments shall have been broken up Colonel Murray, with such re-enforcements as may have been received from the new levies now assembling in the nearest localities, will be directed to locate his force at the best positions for protecting the frontier.

Respectfully,

S. B. BUCKNER.

[4.]

HOPKINSVILLE, October 19, 1861.

General BUCKNER, Bowling Green:

Sent detachments as ordered to Fort Donelson. Have two reports from Eddyville seemingly equally reliable, one that the gun-boat went back, one that it went up. I think the former true. Cavalry of Henderson camp and 200 infantry have approached within eleven miles of Madisonville; think they are perhaps in Madisonville at this time. I am reliably informed strength as follows: Calhoun, 600; Owensborough, 400; Hartford, 500; Henderson, 1,700. My effective force is now reduced by sickness to 500. Have written fully. Will have unmistakable statement from Eddyville to-night.*

J. L. ALCORN,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, October 20, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

SIR: Our forces advancing yesterday in five miles of the enemy. We have killed one of their pickets and taken one prisoner. They have killed one of our men. Our forces will most likely have to fall back on account of transportation and subsistence being insufficient. A collision was expected to-day. It is said a strong force opposes Zollicoffer.

Respectfully,

W. M. CHURCHWELL,

Colonel Fourth Tennessee Regiment, Provisional Army, Commanding Post.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Bowling Green, October 20, 1861.

Colonel S. S. STANTON,

Commanding Expedition, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Your dispatch is received and contains very satisfactory intelligence. Please compliment your troops on their good conduct.

---------------

*This in reply to Casseday, VOL. IV, p. 459.

---------------

