
I doubt not, from the manner in which they have already borne themselves, that their campaign will be a successful one, though attended with some hardships. The encampment at Greensburg has been already driven northward. Let me urge you to employ the utmost energy in pushing forward your expedition to its completion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]

POST HEADQUARTERS,

Knoxville, October 21, 1861.

Brigadier General F. K. ZOLLICOFFER:

GENERAL: About 400 of my regiment left here yesterday for the Ford and camped about five miles from here. Owing to the breaking of some of the wagons and the untrained condition of the stock they could not proceed to-day, but will move on to-morrow. I expect to send forward between 200 and 300 more in a week or ten days. The two companies of Colonel McClellan's battalion having returned from the neighborhood of Jamestown, and being informed that Colonel Murray had been ordered and left for Bowling Green, thereby leaving the country about Jamestown wholly unprotected, and, judging from the tenor of your letters that you designed keeping a strong force there, I have ordered Colonel McClellan to return to Jamestown with three companies of his command, and, if possible, to communicate with you as soon as he arrives there. He will leave to-day and be there about the 25th instant. By the 25th there will be at Jamestown three companies Colonel McClellan's battalion, two companies Major Bridgman's, and Captain Snow's and Captain Gass' companies. As Colonel McClellan's can guard the train of commissary stores, I will send Captain White's company to Cumberland Ford. Captain McLin brought in a company on Saturday and Captain Brock a company a few days before. They will be mustered in to-morrow. They have no arms, however.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[4.]

GALLATIN, October 22, 1861.

General JOHNSTON:

DEAR SIR: In view of the service contemplated on our part in obedience to your recent orders, it will be indispensably necessary that about 12,000 musket cartridges and 5,000 rifle cartridges be sent at once from Nashville to my regiment at Jamestown, and 6,000 musket cartridges to Colonel Murray's regiment at the same place, as mine only has about four rounds and his about seven. My arms mixed of rifles and muskets and his entirely muskets. According to your former orders I had (after breaking up all the camps on the border) ordered Colonel Murray's regiment to the most suitable place on the border, and according to my best judgment sent them to a point near Jamestown. Your last order, as I am informed, does not conflict with this disposition of said regiment. I have not seen the last order. Does it replace Colonel Murray's regiment under my command; and have I again command over Captains Bledsoe's and Sanders' companies of cavalry, as I had

