
under former orders? Again, under whose direct command will such cavalry as General Zollicoffer may have sent to Jamestown be in absence of General Zollicoffer's own presence at that place or that part of the border? Had I seen you this morning I would have suggested to you the importance of increasing my command to 5,000 at or near Jamestown, with some few pieces of artillery, so as to have enabled me to go from Jamestown via Albany and Monticello to Somerest, and taking possession of all that valley of rich subsistence resources, and at the same time, controlling the navigation of the Cumberland River this winter, could render much in aid of General Zollicoffer, both in such supplies as he and myself may need from Nashville and from that valley all along up to and about Somerset, the one being essential to raw and the other to manufactured articles of military necessity. But this is simply an idea of my own, and I hope that you will excuse me if it should seem inconsistent with or nonsubservient to your plans and policies contemplated for the control of that portion of the State. I hope at least that if your last order (which I have not yet seen) does not define the nature and extent of my command, that you will soon forward to me such information in that regard as you may think proper. Let me here suggest that my regiment, although mustered into the service more than three months ago, has not received a dime's pay, neither officers nor privates, and their clothes (only one suit each) are well-night worn out (inferior at first). They have but one light, small blanket each, weather getting cold, no money to clothe themselves with; have been patient, however, and as gallant a set of boys as ever entered the service. I hope you will see that they are soon to be visited with means of relief. We have no Government wagons at all and have to hire and press into the service ox and all other sorts of inferior teams, all of which retards our progress very much in marching upon the enemy, always enabling them to find out our approach in due time for escape. We have scattered all the camps of the enemy from the border, including Fraims, the Mud camps, the Moore camp, and the Burkesville camp, and also the Albany camp. We are proud to be under your command and will cheerfully obey all your orders strictly.

Yours, respectfully,

S. S. STANTON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

P. S.-Please see that Captain Q. C. Sanders' company of cavalry shall be armed. The memoranda are in the hands of your adjutant-general.

S. S. STANTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[4.]

CAVE CITY, October 23, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Bowling Green:

The forces on this line under my command are: Four regiments infantry, commanded by Colonels Hindman, Hanson, Hawthorn, and Allison; two battalions cavalry, commanded by Majors Phifer and Cox; one section artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Oslin; one company Kentucky cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Reed.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

[4.]

