
KNOXVILLE, October 24, 1861.

General JOHNSTON,

Bowling Green:

I have just learned from a man direct from General Zollicoffer's camp that General Zollicoffer attacked the enemy, 10,000 strong, at Rock Castle, on Monday. He drove them from two of their works, but had to abandon them and fall back.

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 188. Richmond, October 24, 1861.

* * * *

V. The following companies will be organized into a battalion, the designation of which will be the Second Battalion of Mississippi Cavalry, Major William T. Martin commanding: Captain Martin's company of Mississippi cavalry, Captain Gordon's company Mississippi cavalry, Captain Perrin's company Mississippi cavalry, Captain Stone's company Alabama cavalry.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[6.]

FORT PILLOW, October 24, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK:

SIR: The work on the fortifications at this post is progressing with entire satisfaction with the force under my charge. In the rear the ditching and breast-works lack only about a half mile of joining the two wings together. The revetting will be completed in a few days. I shall be able to finish the entire rear line of breast-works in the course of next week, but Captain Wintter informs me that you wish the front work pressed so that he can place his guns in battery by Wednesday next. I shall accordingly detail to him a larger force for that purpose. I dispatched the steamer Mars last night with three reliable commissioners to collect hands in Tunica and Coahoma Counties, in Mississippi, and Phillips County, Ark., and return without delay. With the force I expect from that quarter I hope to complete the fortifications entire in twenty days.

Your obedient servant,

LEWIS P. WILLIAMSON,

General Superintendent.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ALABAMA,Mobile, October 25, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th instant, and in reply thereto can only reiterate the statements heretofore made to the Department. The "memoranda for the defenses of Mobile," approved by the then Secretary of War, the original of which is in my possession, and a copy of which will be found

