
in the Adjutant-General's Office, show that two of the three infantry regiments to be added to the force here were to be armed and designated by Governor Moore, of Alabama. The original paper shows this order to me in the handwriting of the then Secretary of War. This order was my authority for receiving from Governor Moore the two regiments armed and designated by him. There was no mistakein my former statement; none in this, however unintelligible it may yet seem to be. should any further elucidation of this matter be considered necessary or desirable, I beg to refer you to Governor Moore, of Alabama, and to the then Secretary of War, as no information was given me as to the authority given on the one part and received on the other beyond that stated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Brigadier-General.

[6.]

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., October 25, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Richmond:

Your dispatch of the 23rd just received. General Johnston has telegraphed and written urging these troops to be sent into Kentucky, and I telegraphed the President to this effect yesterday, and that we had no arms. Judge's regiment is here, and if under these circumstances you think it more important to send it to Manassas, it shall move at once on receipt of your answer.

L. P. WALKER.

[6.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 25, 1861,.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. CRITTENDEN:

DEAR GENERAL: I have thought of you as my first choice to command a column of ten regiments, to advance from Cumberland Gap toward, the center of Kentucky, and elsewhere, as circumstances will permit. It has occurred to me that personal considerations might render the service undesirable to you, and I write this unofficial note to request the free expression of your wishes in the matter.

Very truly, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp at Flat Lick, October 25, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel McCLELLAN,

Near Jamestown:

SIR: I learn from Colonel Wood, of the Fifteenth Alabama Regiment, that you are near Jamestown with three of your companies and four others belonging to the battalions of Colonels Branner and Brazelton. I have reliable information that there are at Rock Castle Hill, in Laurel County, and at Camp Dick Robinson 10,000 of the enemy, and 10,000 more between Cincinnati and the latter place. I will return to Camp Buckner to-morrow. You will keep scouts out on the road toward Monticello as far into Kentucky as practicable, and promptly report to me anything of importance. The enemy profess to be advancing

