
toward Cumberland Gap, but may turn toward Jamestown. Keep a careful guard over the commissary stores sent out to your post, retiring thence back should there be a large force approaching.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, October 26, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Send Colonel T. J. Judge's regiment here at once. I advise you to come with your whole brigade, because you cannot be armed by A. S. Johnston or by us; but in the Army of the Potomac the generals have gathered arms enough to arm your brigade. You may do as you please on this point, as I have other unarmed regiments that will be delighted to get to Manassas. Answer forthwith.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[6.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, October 28, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUCKNER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: Instruct the officer commanding your cavalry at Woodbury to move with his force to the neighborhood of Rochester, and ascertain the position and force of the enemy in that vicinity. Give him all the information you have in relation to their movements, that he may be on his guard. Send your orders by express.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Buckner, October 28, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel McCLELLAN,

Near Jamestown:

SIR: I have a letter from Colonel Murray of the 22d, informing me that he would be at Albany by the 25th instant.* Whether Colonel Stanton's regiment is with him I have no information, and I do not definitely understand the orders under which Murray is moving. I this morning learned that messengers from the enemy in Kentucky are arriving through the gaps in the neighborhood of Jacksonborough, and communicating with their friends in East Tennessee. I send down Captain Ashby's company to arrest such persons and cut off communication. I wish you to detail a cavalry company to watch the road from Huntsville to Montgomery, and cut-off intercourse between our enemies across the line. Also watch the roads as much as possible. I shall desire frequently to hear from you, and I hope you will by cavalry express messengers keep up communication with Colonel Murray. Read, seal, and send the inclosed dispatch to him.#

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

---------------

*See VOL. IV, p. 213.

#See VOL. IV, p. 483.

---------------

