
Nashville, October 29, 1861.

Honorable PHILIP DANDRIDGE:

MY DEAR SIR: "Where's Rosecrans?" is the cry here. It is supposed that he has effected a junction with Bull Nelson and is marching on Williams. After overwhelming the latter he will cut off Zollicoffer in detail. Lee should cross over into Kentucky, leaving a few troops to guard the impregnable mountain barriers, or Williams will have to fall back or be captured. The Kentuckians as yet do not enlist on either side. If Johnston would only move forward to Muldraugh's Hill it would be worth to us 30,000 men. Mr. Arnold Harris, whose hand is crippled, is present, and requests me to add that Zollicoffer ought to be instantly re-enforced to enable him to penetrate to Lexington, otherwise he will be driven back and the Federals will take possession of the railroad north of Knoxville, thus cutting off all communication between Virginia and the Southwest. Not less than 5,000 men should be sent to him at once. A strong force should also be sent to Prestonville to move forward simultaneously with Zollicoffer. The arrival of these two converging corps would swell the Confederate army by 20,000 good men. Send all the Tennessee troops that can be spared from Virginia for this service. The Northwest is pouring its hordes into Kentucky. No less than 12,000 entered the State last week at Cincinnati and Louisville. They volunteer under the belief that the Kentuckians are in the fight and that they are marching to the rescue against fire eating invasion. If Johnston does not advance and dispel this delusion they will have 200,000 men disputing with him their passage into Tennessee before the middle of December. I shall write to Bev. [Tucker] on gun and financial matters to-day.

Your friend,

GEO. N. SANDERS.

Mr. H. continues: It is well known here that all the Tennessee troops in Western Virginia are anxious for an active winter campaign in Kentucky. Order them to their neighboring State and they will make a clean sweep of the Lincolnites. No doubt General Johnston, if he knew of the Eastern Kentucky movement, would act in concert to meet the other two columns via Lebanon. Lexington is the terminus of three railroads, and one of the strongest strategic points in the State. Thence you can strike Frankfort, Cincinnati, and Louisville.

[4.]

RICHMOND, October 30, 1861.

Colonel JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Prestonburg, Ky.:

SIR: I am instructed to inform you that Captain William C. Jeffress is now at Wytheville, Va., with his light battery company, under orders to proceed to Jeffersonville, Va., and there await your instructions. The Secretary of War desires that you detach from your command an armed company (cavalry preferred) and direct it to proceed to Jeffersonville, there to unite with the battery company of Captain Jeffress, whence they will together proceed to Prestonburg, Ky. The battery must be supported by a sufficient force, either cavalry or infantry, in its march from Jeffersonville to Prestonburg, and no time should be lost in furnishing this support as above directed.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

