
[Indorsement.]

Copy sent to Captain W. C. Jeffress, at Wytheville, Va., who will await the arrival at Jeffersonville of the company herein referred to before proceeding to Prestonburg, unless he has sufficient reliable information that the route to Prestonburg is entirely safe.

S. C[OOPER],

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[4.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CENTRAL COLUMN OF Kentucky,Bowling Green, October 30, 1861.

Captain WOODWARD:

SIR: You are directed to make a reconnaissance from the Russellville road in the direction of Rochester and Muddy River. The object is to learn of the positions, movements, and strength of any force of the enemy that may be in that direction. Report the facts as speedily as possible. Use every precaution to prevent surprise. As your object is to learn of the enemy's positions, &amp;c., run no risk in any fight not connected with a simple reconnaissance. Send a report of the reconnaissance you made this morning by return courier. On completing the duty assigned you in this order, return to these headquarters.

Respectfully,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV.,

ARMY OF CENTRAL Kentucky,

Numbers 1. Near Bowling Green, October 30, 1861.

The colonel of the Fourteenth Mississippi Regiment hereby assumes the command of Second Brigade. The following staff officers are temporarily appointed, whose official signatures will be recognized as such: Lieutenant S. D. Harris, Lieutenant L. F. Carrington, Fourteenth Regiment, acting aides-de-camp. Regimental morning reports will be sent to brigade headquarters. All applications, &c., requiring the action of the general of division will be forwarded through the brigade commander.

By order of W. E. Baldwin, colonel, commanding brigade:

L. F. CARRINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDER.] BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Cumberland Gap, October 30, 1861.

The efficiency and safety of an army sometimes materially depend upon the concealment of the real strength, position, and movement from the enemy. It is apparent that heretofore we have not succeeded in this. We are begirt with enemies, and spies have, in the guise of friendship, been in our camps. All circumstances surrounding us make this peculiarly a time when knowledge of our movements and positions should only be communicated to those officers whose position require them to have such knowledge. When thus communicated the commanding general feels confident he need only remind such officers of

