
the value of secrecy in army movements to have it observed. Henceforward no person, on any pretense whatever, unless connected with the army service, will be permitted to pass through the lines of any encampment of this command. Field officers of the day will be careful properly to instruct sentinels and pickets upon the enforcement of this order.

By order of Brigadier-General Zollicoffer:

POLLOK B. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,

Memphis, October 30, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

The Chamber of Commerce of Memphis respectfully invites your attention to the accompanying Special Orders, Numbers 142, of Major-General Polk. Its intent and effect is to interdict the export of grain to Memphis from the large and productive region of country lying on the Mississippi River, above, in the States of Tennessee, Arkansas, Missouri, and Kentucky. The opinion of the chamber is that the order is both illegal and impolitic. A proper case of military necessity may be allowed to excuse, and probably justify, some invasion of the rights of the citizens by the military authorities. The present does not appear to be such case. The order has not pretext of necessity upon which to rest. At the most, it has its origin in a regard to the convenience and cheapness of obtaining supplies for the Army. Such considerations, though probably praiseworthy, are by no means an excuse for subjecting a large region of country to military rule, and prohibiting a large number of our people from engaging in the lawful trade of the country. But the illegality of the order might be borne, perhaps, by our people in the present perils of the country if it served the purpose for which it was made. On the contrary, it enhances the price of grain in the embargoed region and in the whole country upon the Mississippi River, and causes a general discontent among the people. The prices of the city govern the prices of the country around. If grain advances in the city, it at once advances in like rate in the country. Since the order was made grain has advanced in Memphis quite 33 per cent., and the better opinion ascribes the advance solely to the cutting off the supply from the embargoed region. Besides, the advance in Memphis has been followed and is thought to have produced a corresponding advance in other and distant points, including places as far distant as Knoxville and New Orleans. Thus the order defeats its own purpose, and causes and unnecessary and heavy advance of prices to the Army elsewhere and to the whole people. The chamber respectfully submits the matter to the President for redress, and has appointed two of its members, Messrs. A. B. Galbreath, to proceed at once to Richmond for the purpose of obtaining early attention and relief to the people in the premises.

All which is submitted with the highest respect to His Excellency the President of the Confederate States of America.

THOS. W. HUNT,

President.

John S. TOOF,

Secretary.

