
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BROWN'S HOTEL,

Washington, February 5, 1861.

Honorable JAMES BUCHNAN,

President of the United States of America:

SIR: I submitted my note and your reply touching the mission of the Honorable T. J. Judge to him for his consideration, and send you herewith a copy of his response. You will see that he declines to address you on the subject - matters of his mission, because he regards your note to me as closing the door against him as the representative of Alabama and repelling any offers she may have to make at the very threshold. I am sure that your desire peace with all the world, and especially with those State which have seceded from the Union. You profess to claim or hold forts and arsenals in those State only as property of the united State that your are bound to take care of. It is, therefore, matter of surprise and regret that you not only refuse to trust the people of those States with such property in their own limits and intended for their benefit, but pursue a course tending to destroy that property and to break the peace between your Government and those States. If, recognizing the right of secession, you had received Mr. Judge as commissioner from a foreign State, and had sent his proposals to the Senate with your approval or objection, or, denying that right, you had submitted his proposals to Congress as those of a commissioner from a State of the union, possibly the independence of the State might have been acknowledge and a treaty with it formed, or, denying its independence, Congress might have agreed to the sale and retrocission of the disputed places. At all events, it would have relieved your of the responsibility you have assumed of not only refusing to entertain a peaceful proposition form a seceding State but of preventing congress from receiving it. I see nothing in the Constitution forbidding the course I suggest, either on hour part of that of congress. It would not have compromised your duty or the rights of the United States.

Certainly the lands for Forts Morgan and Gaines, and for Mount Vernor Arsenal, were ceded to the United States for the erction of such " needful buildings" for the defense and protection of the people of Alabama. For what other purpose should the Government of the United States hold them? But it is too late, if not improper, to pursue the argument. Alabama has vindicated her integd. She sends her comissioner here to purchase the property which her people prefer to hold in their own defense. It is now useless to your Government, except to injure them or their allies or friends. Knowing these facts, they were right to seize it, and are magnanimous to offer to pay your Government the amount it cost. They cannot misunderestand your course in refusing to receive their commissioner - that you deny their right to take their destiny in their own hands or to defended themselves against the Government of the United States or to resist its authority, and that yoru mean to control their action by military force.

Their Governor adcised you, as soon as possibe after the seizure of the forts and arsenals: " That it was done by his orders to make the secession of Alabama peaceful, and to prevent your re - enforcing those places and shedding the blood and sacrificing the lives of her people in endeavoring to maintain the authority of your Government over them." Subsequent events have proven his wisdom and forecast. Your transfer of troops from Northern and Western posts to this city, and to all Southern forst where you apprehend that the people might

