
[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., WESTERN DEPT.,Numbers 142. Columbus, Ky., October 22, 1861.

Hereafter no grain will be allowed to be taken from that portion of the State of Tennessee bounded on the south by the military road running east from Fulton, on the Mississippi River, to Mason's Depot on the Memphis and Ohio Railroad; on the west by the Mississippi River, and on the east by the Memphis and Ohio Railroad. Nor will grain be allowed to be taken from any of the counties on the west bank of the Mississippi River north of Fulton, Tenn., the grain in this district being required for the use of the Army. Steam-boat captains and railroad agents are strictly prohibited from transporting grain in violation to this order.

By command of Major-General Polk:

E. D. BLAKE,

Captain, C. S. Army, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

OCTOBER 30, 1861.

Brigadier General W. J. HARDEE:

SIR: I have found from General Blackburn that the position I was in at Burch's was not more than three miles from Bowling Green. I have consequently advanced two miles beyond that point. I am now encamped at a point where the road enters a large valley. The valley is cleared and open to our view for over a mile. Our artillery commands the road, and is planted between my regiment and Colonel Thornton's. Colonel Cross' regiment is in rear. Besides our camp guards we have strong pickets on every side, and sufficient advanced to give us warning of an enemy's approach. It is now an hour and a half after sunset, but the wagons have not arrived. I have not seen any one to-day who could give me any information of the enemy. I will keep a sharp lookout myself.

Respectfully,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

[4.]

CUMBERLAND GAP, October 31, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green:

My information is uncertain, but if the enemy's force marching this way is what I suppose, there should be a much larger force on the line of passes from Cumberland Gap to Jamestown. Indications give some ground for uneasiness as to East Tennessee population in even tthe enemy enters the State. Could a force from Bowling Green threaten the line of march from Somerset to Jamestown, Tenn.? It might give much relief.*

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER.

[4.]

---------------

*For reply, see Mackall to Zollicoffer, VOL. IV, p. 496.

---------------

