
CAMP ZOLLICOFFER, October 31, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your telegraphic dispatch of the 29th instant to-day, by the politeness of General V. K. Stevenson. I am now at Camp Zollicoffer, within one day's travel of Jamestown. I have for the last seventeen days been moving every day in the southern portion of Kentucky. My command ismuch fatigued by the march. The country over which we have traveled is very rough and broken. That fact added much to the inconvenience of our trip. We have driven back all the Lincoln troops from our border. Not one is to be found nearer than thirty miles. The only camp that is near is Colonel Hoskins'. We could have routed him if your order to Colonel Stanton, with whom I acted, had permitted me to have gone in that direction. I saw the flames consume two of the Lincoln camps near our border. I am familiar with the topography of the southern portion of Kentucky bordering on this section of the State, as well as the position of all the Lincoln forces in that portion of Kentucky. We now have at Jamestown and Camp McGinnis and this point 1,000 infantry, 1,000 cavalry; the cavalry within three hours' march of Jamestown; my infantry regiment within one day's march. We keep scouts out and keep ourselves well posted as to all the movements of the enemy, and will be able to concentrate at any time. We have divided our encampment from an imperative necessity, from which there was no other escape. Supplies could not be had near Jamestown, which place is situated on the summit of Cumberland Mountains, and is almost as sterile as the great African desert. I will hold my command ready at all times to protect the supplies of General Zollicoffer at Jamestown. I am in receipt of a letter from Colonel Wood, of the 28th instant, giving me full detail as to the wants and position of General Zollicoffer. Your communication does not state the object of my moving to Jamestown, but from my correspondence with General Zollicoffer I infer it is with a view of protecting his stores. I am the senior officer in command in this portion of the State. My rank is superior to any in this section. I have a companies with 915 privates. I have 650 muskets, with 15 additional muskets captured in Kentucky, making in all 665. I desire to leave this section of the State because I think there is no prospect of active service here, nor do I think this border needs protection, as no enemy at present threatens invasion. Will your order me to Bowling Green, or give me directions to advance in Kentucky from this point in direction of Monticello? If the latter order is made, I desire to take with me Colonel John W. Head's regiment [and] Bledsoe's cavalry. These are now at this point under the command of Colonel McClellan, [Major] Bridgman, and Captain W. T. Gass, as well as the infantry of Captain William H. Hart, who is now at Camp Red Sulphur. The latter company has not joined a regiment, although they have been in the service four months. They should be attached to some regiment and put in the service. If you would give me the power I can organize an artillery company to accompany me, if you direct me to move to Kentucky from this point. I hold myself in readiness to execute any commands you may give me with the utmost promptness, but I implore you to remove me from this point to some place where I can better serve my country. Colonel Stanton has already given you the full particulars of our trip to Kentucky.

I am, your friend and obedient servant,

JOHN P. MURRAY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

[4.]

