
LITTLE ROCK, October 31, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Our men under Hardee in Kentucky have not been paid. They are so far from home that our bonds are worthless to them. We learn also that the paymaster of the Confederate Government from some cause has not paid them either. Great dissatisfaction exists among those troops, and I have no doubt they are suffering for the want of a small amount of means. Forty thousand dollars would afford great relief. We have bought a large amount of clothing for your Government and paid for it, but it will take some time to prepare the accounts for payment. We ask that $50,000 be advanced to us upon this clothing account or in any other way, that we may pay off Hardee's men the balance due them by the State.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 1, 1861.

Governor H. M. RECTOR,

Little Rock, Ark.:

I will send orders for the immediate payment of the Arkansas troops in Kentucky, but I have no power to make the advance to your State on account of the clothing.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Huntsville, November 1, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the West, Bowling Green, Ky.:

MAJOR: I am directed by Brigadier-General Walker to inclose to you a copy of the order of the Secretary of War, by which four regiments were assigned to his brigade. None of these regiments were armed, nor are they now. He has made every possible effort to procure arms, and is encouraged to hope that he may be able before long to arm at least one of the regiments. When this occurs he will telegraph General Johnston for orders to move it. He has other arrangements in progress by which he may be able to arm the others within a reasonable time; but in this he may be disappointed. He is most anxious to be in the department of General Johnston, and only a few days since declined to be transferred to the Potomac, where he had assurances of being armed. If, therefore, it is possible for General Johnston to aid him to any extent in arming his brigade, he trusts it will be done. He has a fine body of troops, and they are well drilled for the time they have been in the service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TYLER, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 19, 1861.

Brigadier General L. P. WALKER:

SIR: You will proceed to Alabama and take command of the following unarmed regiments: The Fourteenth Alabama Regiment Infantry,

