
commanded by Colonel Thomas J. Judge; the Seventeenth Alabama Regiment Infantry, commanded by Colonel Thomas H. Watts; the Eighteenth Alabama Regiment Infantry, commanded by Colonel E. C. Bullock, and the Nineteenth Alabama Regiment Infantry, commanded by Colonel Joseph Wheeler. As soon as these regiments are armed and equipped, you will proceed with your command to General A. S. Johnston and report for duty.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[4.]

BANK OF Kentucky, Columbus, November 1, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, C. S. Army:

SIR: Having been served with an order from you by Brigadier-General Cheatham to the effect that you propose to take military possession of this bank and its assets, with the view of preventing removal of funds within your enemy's lines and ultimate confiscation of same, against all of which I do most respectfully and earnestly protest for the following reasons: First, such action will be in violation of the letter and spirit of your proclamation of date of September 4 last; second, in violation of the written guarantee of the commander of the Army of Occupation, Brigadier-General Pillow, of September 9 last, copy of which I herewith file as part of this protest; third, in violation of Major-General Johnston's proclamation to the people of Kentucky, fully indorsing the policy of non-interference with private rights; fourth, the manifest injustice to individual depositors and stockholders; fifth, the order is impolitic, and if enforced will do more harm than good. The bank is a joint stock company, and it is impracticable to determine whether owned by friends or foes. It does not come within the act of sequestration, for that is a civil remedy in Confederate States, and the influence of military interference upon the public mind of the Stte, which General Johnston, in his proclamation, says "is not to be presumed an alien enemy," will be readily foreseen. In view of the foregoing and other considerations which will doubtless manifest themselves to your mind, I hope you will rescind your order and allow me, as heretofore, to continue the legitimate business of my office. If your order me not to remove the funds of this bank to Paducah, as was contemplated, I will say that I will respect your orders as to Paducah or other points within Federal lines.

W. OWENS, Jr.,

Cashier.

Should you refuse to allow me to continue the ordinary and legitimate business of the bank, I would respectfully request that you have the papers sent up to General Johnston.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Columbus, Ky., September 9, 1861.

W. OWENS, Jr.,

Cashier Branch Bank of Kentucky, at Columbus:

SIR: In reply to yours of this instant, I have to say that you may rely upon my protecting your bank during the occupation of this city by the column under my command. I will allow you to remove the

13 R R-VOL LII, PT II

