
funds of the bank at such time and to such place as the officers of the bank may elect, and will afford you suitable guard for such transit.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General.

By John C. BURCH,

Aide-de-Camp.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, November 1, 1861.

Captain E. D. BLAKE, C. S. Army,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

SIR: I beg leave to state for the information of Major-General Polk that I am now at Memphis collecting barges to be used in the constructions of the floating defenses at Fort Pillow. Owing to the weight of the chain to be used across the river, barges will have to be relied on for buoys in place of rafts of logs. The heavy anchors have not yet arrived, but are daily expected. The chain is here. I beg leave further to add in the letter for General Polk's information that I have received a letter from Commander M. F. Maury, C. S. Navy (late chief of the late National Observatory), informing me that while engaged in making preparations for mining the Mississippi River he had been ordered by the Navy Deaprtment to suspend such preparations, and to report himself for special duty. This letter of Professor Maury was from Fredericksburg, Va., dated 17th ultimo. I exceedingly regret this failure of our expectations regarding Commander Maury's assistance with submarine batteries, for the reason that I fear we have no sure means above water of arresting the threatened descent of the enemy's iron-clad ships. I have written to the Navy Department to-day, asking sufficient aid from it to insure the placing of such means of defense, and have also written a private letter to the Secretary of the Navy urging him to send Commander Maury to engage in the work. A direct application from General Polk to the Navy Department would no doubt have much greater weight in the matter than what I may have said.

I am, very respectfully,

ISAAC N. BROWN,

Lieutenant, C. S. Navy.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Kentucky DIVISION,Numbers 164. Bowling Green, November 2, 1861.

I. Colonel Baldwin will select a company of his regiment to garrison Baker's Hill. The tents will be pitched within the work, or immediately in the rear of the work.

II. In case of an alarm or attack Colonel Baldwin will move his regiment to Baker's Hill Redoubt and hold it. The company ordered to garrison the redoubt will move in time to pitch tents before night.

By command of General S. B. Buckner:

G. B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 204. Richmond, November 4, 1861.

* * * *

XI. The Mississippi companies of volunteers for the war assembled at Marion Station with a view to their being organized into a regiment

