
will proceed without delay to Pensacola, Fla., and report for duty to Major-General Bragg, who will, on their arrival, make the regimental organization.

By the command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[6.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Kentucky DIVISION,Numbers 168. Bowling Green, November 4, 1861.

I. Captain J. H. Morgan's company will proceed without delay to Bowling Green and report for duty. Captain Morgan will march by land.

II. Major Hays will cause one extra car to be attached to the regular train to bring the baggage of the company.

By order of General Buckner:

G. B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH Kentucky REGIMENT,Russellville, Ky., November 4, 1861.

Major G. B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived with my command at this post on the night of the 2d, having been detained by the mismanagement of the railroad officers. I quartered my men for the night in the court-house, and went into camp on the morning of the 30th instant, on the railroad about a quarter of a mile east of the town. From the best information which I have been able to obtain, the enemy has moved the force which was at Owensborough to various points in the interior. One of my informants saw none of them on the road from Owensborough through Greenville to this place, and learned that they were partly on the Hartford road. They are also scouring the country south of Greenville and Rochester, but have no force at either of the last-named points. They have, however, a considerable mounted force at Sacramento and South Carrollton. I think that a force of 1,000 cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, if sent to Hartford, could disperse the enemy there and capture a large amount of army stores and other property, and if held a short time enable us to procure the fattening hogs of that region which are represented by dealers as very numerous. My force, as reported for duty this morning, is 372 men, including officers of all grades. The following is the number and description of my arms fit for service, viz: 43 minie muskets (Harper's Ferry rifles), 164 rifle muskets, 37 smooth muskets, 2 shotguns; making 246 in all. From this you will perceive that I have 126 men unarmed, which number will be increased when the sick now convalescing shall report for duty. I have therefore to request that at least 150 guns be sent me as soon as possible. The ammunition which was issued to me is entirely too small for the guns, even by using the paper, and renders unavailable even the arms which I have. If my force was properly armed, I can see no reason, as at present advised, why I could not hold this position against any troops they are likely to send against it; but they can reach us in one night with cavalry, and it will be but a short time before they are fully informed of our condition, if, indeed, they are not already advised. Persons pass freely and without restriction from this place to the counties north of us, whilst our friends find it impossible to get through the lines of the enemy except upon such conditions as they impose, thus

