SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND Kentucky DIVISION,Numbers 169. Bowling Green, November 5, 1861.

I. Captain T. W. Allen's company of cavalry is hereby attached to the command of Captain J. H. Morgan permanently.

II. Captain T. W. Allen will move with his command from Rocky Hill Station to Bowling Green by land without unnecessary delay.

III. Major Hays will cause one extra car to be attached to the regular train to bring the baggage of the company.

By order of General S. B. Buckner:

G. B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, November 5, 1861.

General JOHNSTON,

Bowling Green:

I have heard from you through Mr. Sam. Tate. I am ordered by the Secretary of War to move to the support of General Zollicoffer. At what point shall I concentrate my forces? Your orders will be promptly obeyed.

WILLIAM H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Tennessee Rifle Brigade.

[4.]

KNOXVILLE, November 5, 1861.

Brigadier General L. P. WALKER,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Enemy advancing on this place in two columns-one by Jacksborough, the other by Jamestown. Our troops at Jamestown falling back. Railroad bridges in danger. I have only three companies here. Could you send me some armed companies, if I should need them, in twenty-four hours?

W. B. WOOD,

Colonel.

(Also sent to Governor Harris, Nashville, Tenn.)

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, November 5, 1861.

General F. K. ZOLLICOFFER:

GENERAL: Last evening about dark the courier from Jamestown arrived with Colonel McClellan's communication of 1st instant, and during the night another came in, bringing the dispatch of the 23d, both of which I forward to you immediately.* A man from Kentucky reported last evening that the enemy, 30,000 strong, were at the Tennessee line Saturday evening, moving in the direction of Jacksborough. I did not learn his name or see him, or I would probably have retained him, as I have no doubt he is a Union man sent out to arouse the Unionists all over the country. Colonel McClellan's letter confirms, however, the fact of the movements of the enemy. I have sent a dispatch* to Lieutenant-Colonel Mackall and to the Adjutant-General,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

