
CAMP AT GLASGOW, November 6, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have started this morning three parties of fifty men each, one on the Bardstown road (turnpike), one on the road to Greensburg, and the third on the road to Columbia. These parties are to return to-morrow. I can hear nothing of Federal troops on this side of Green River. There has been great alarm here for some days amongst the Southern-rights people, growing out of the fact that a small party of home guards came down two or three days ago to within eight miles of this town. This party was escorting a prominent Union leader who was on a visit to a sick sister. Most of the people of this place are friendly and much alarmed. Forage is abundant. There have been some depredations committed in this vicinity by some of our people, supposed to be Captain John H. Morgan's company. Two negroes were taken from a Union man and brought to this town and turned over to Southern-rights people. I have ordered them returned. From the same Union man the following property was taken, viz: One brown mare, white face and feet; 1 iron-gray mare, flea-bitten on head and neck; 1 riding saddle, 2 bridles, 1 pair saddle-bags, 2 flannel shirts, 1 bedcover, blanket, and quilt. These things are supposed to have been taken by Captain Morgan's company. This company is now in Bowling Green. I do not think a large force of the enemy can move, with wagons and artillery, except on the turnpike road through this place. The roads to the east and south of this place pass through a hilly, rough country and are almost impassable for vehicles. This post would be a good location for the Texan Rangers were they in condition to take the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HAWES,

Major, C. S. Army, Commanding.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, November 6, 1861.

General POLK:

DEAR SIR: I go to New Orleans to-morrow with Captain Hunt with a hope of being able to make some arrangement by which we may get a large lot of the things now most needed. I can hardly hope to accomplish all that our friend Richmond desires and is willing to attempt, yet we may do something, and anything now is that much in a close place. I learn that the gun-boat Howard is now due here. There are six 32-pounder guns, and one 8-inch columbiad that Captain Hunt tells me is for her. I wish we had a dozen such boats. If we had, I should feel safe. I hope you will not cease your efforts until you get the chain cables now here in place, and as many submarine batteries planted as you think necessary to blow all the Lincoln gun-boats out of the Mississippi River. I think we have no positive insurance against these gun-boats except in the submarine batteries. These will do, I know. I learned from Mr. Morgan, at Nashville on Saturday last, that they were making 2,800 pounds of powder there daily. Mr. Thomas Lee, of New Orleans, assures me they are making 6,000 pounds daily at that place. The only fear is want of saltpeter, and we have enough of that to keep things going for thirty or forty days, by which time we will have some of our largest caves in operation in Arkansas, besides many of smaller note at other points. Besides this, I think our ports will be open in forty days, and

