
we will be able to get what we want. Then we can fight the North for ten years and make money by it. The Federal fleet is bombarding Port Royal, but as far as heard from we have the best of it. We are looking with great anxiety to hear further from the fleet. We expect to hear of a great battle between Price and McCulloch and Fremont. Our advices assure us Price and McCulloch have made the trip and got together at Neosho with 37,000 men, and Fremont is at Springfield with about 40,000. We have no fear of the result. General, don't forget or neglect the submarine batteries. They are the thing and should not be delayed. You must make them give you plenty of powder for Fort Pillow and Columbus. A failure to have this thing needful would ruin everything and bring ruin and disgrace upon us all. The month of November will be memorable and bloody.

My best wishes for your success and triumph.

SAM. TATE.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 6, 1861.

Colonel ROBERT C. TRIGG,

Christiansburg, Va.:

Be prepared to move with your regiment as already directed, and be governed by the orders of General H. Marshall, now at Wytheville. Leave behind the sick unable to travel and a competent officer of your command to gather up and forward such arms as have not been returned to the regiment. Captain J. C. Taylor leaves to-morrow with the clothing and ammunition.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Engineer's Office, Bowling Green, Ky., November 7, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Referring to my letter* from Nashville under date of [the] 4th instant, on the subject of guns for arming the proper defenses for the Cumberland River, and for other purposes, I would now recommend for the armament of works in the vicinity of Nashville and Clarksville then following, viz: First. For arming the defenses of the Cumberland River in the vicinity of Nashville, viz: Six 32-pounder guns, with garrison carriages; two 8-inch columbiads, with garrison carriages. Second. For arming defenses on the land approaches to Nashville, viz: Twenty-five 12-pounder guns, with siege carriages; three field batteries of four 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers each. Third. For land defenses at Clarksville, viz: Two field batteries of four 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers each. There should be furnished not less than 100 rounds of ammunition for the guns and howitzers; the same for the columbiads.

Very respectfully,

J. F. GILMER,

Major of Engineers and Chief Engineer of Western Dept.

[4.]

---------------

*See VOL. IV, p. 514.

---------------

