
KNOXVILLE, November 7, 1861

Lieutenant Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.:

General Zollicoffer left Cumberland Gap yesterday. He wrote to me that he would move as rapidly as possible with five regiment, the battery of artillery, and some cavalry from Jacksborough by way of Clinton, toward Montgomery and Jamestown. Heard nothing from McClellan or Murray for two days.

W. B. WOOD.

Colonel.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Cumberland Gap, November 7, 1861.

The regiments will move to Ross' and thence to Oliver's (on the road from Knoxville to Montgomery) at 12 m. to-dayin the following order: Fifteenth Mississippi Regiment, Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment, Twentieth Tennessee Regiment Twenty-ninth Tennessee Regiment. The baggage train of each regiment with its regiment. The artillery will precede the Twenty-ninth Tennessee Regiment. Captain Rowan's command of cavalry will precede the infantry column, and Colonel McNairy will follow the infantry and artillery.

By order of Brigadier-General Zollicoffer:

POLLOK B. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

OLIVER'S

On road from Knoxville to Mongtomery, November 8, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACKALL.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bwoling Green, Ky.:

Reached this point at 2 p. M. Received dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel McClellan, dated yesterday, at Camp McGinnis, saying his report of 4th as to number and movement of the enemy was a mistake. Insted of retiring toward Pikeville, he is still near Jamestown. His pikcets visited Monticello. Enemy has camp five miles east, but numbers unascertained. Stanton and Murray approaching Jamestown. I return to Jacksborough to obstruct neighboring passes.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General,

(Telegraph this also to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and INspector General, Richmond, Va.)

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Oliver's, on road from Knoxville to Montgomery, November 8, 1861

Colonel W. B. WOOD,

Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, Knoxville, Tenn.;

SIR: A messenger from Lieutenant-Colonel McClellan was passing to you just as I entered this road, and intercepting him I found he had a dispatch for me. The lieutenant-colonel writes me on the 7th that he is satisfied that his dispatch of the 4th, that there were 6,000 of the enemy, infantry, cavalry, and artillery, encamped near Monticello and

