
moving toward Jamestown, was a mistake. he says there is, he learns, a camp of the enemy five miles out of Monticello, but their character or number he has not been able to learn. His pickets have been into Monticellok, and the colonel, instead of retiring toward Pikeville, a she said he had determined to do, is yet at Camp McGinnis. He has heard nothing from Stanton and Murray for two days. Colonel understands they are on their way to Camp McGinnis. We have made a forced march to get here to intercept the enemy, supposing that as McClellan had retired toward Pikeville and Sntaton and Murray could not be heard from, the enemy would march through towrad Loudon attempted to descend the mountain, and to determine which road they would come I ordered cavalry on ahead on both the road from Kingston to Montgomery and this road. This march has been for nothing, and I will now return to Jacksborough. Please instruct Major Fain Major Burleson, and Mr. McClung (ordnance officer) that I will return to Jacksborough, so that army supplies or communications they may wish to forward will be sent in the right direction.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

CAMP AT GLASGOW, KY., November 8, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army:

COLONEL: My parties have returned, the last one coming in last night. From the reports of these parties and general information I feel confident that there are no troops this side of Green River. There is a force at Columbia of home guards variously estimated from 400 to 1,200. The people of this county are very much elated at the presence of Southern troops. If the general could send a force of two regiments here, one infantry and one cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, I think that a great deal of good might be done and the right flank of his army could be effectually guarded. I will move this evening toward Bowling Green and camp five or six miles from this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HAWES,

Major, C. S. Army.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., November 8, 1861

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Department of Alabama and West Florida:

SIR: Yours on the 30th ultimo was not received until this morning. In reply I much regret to state that we have no available force of State troops which could be concentrated at this point at an early day. If, indeed, the State could arm and equip them the men-volunteers- would not be wanting, but Alabama has exhausted herself in furnishing arms and equipments to her volunteers the Confederate service. There are some seven companies of Colonel Conoley's regiment of the Confederate service encamped at this place, but unarmed, and there are four regiments of General Walker's brigade, one of which has already moved to Mobile, of which I presume you are advised. Three companies of Colonel Beck's regiment left last night for the same point; the

