
other companies go forward to-day. If you are authorized or could obtain authority to accept volunteers under the act of Congress of 21st of August "to provide for local defense and special service," and would address me a communication to the effect that fifty companies or any less number, armed with shotguns and rifles, would be accepted for three or six months under that act, I would issue my proclamation at once, and I believe I could have them concentrated at this point in a very short time. For fear of delays by mail I send this by special messenger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE.

[6.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT.

Bowling Green, Ky., November 9, 1861

Major HUNT,Ordnance Officer, Memphis:

On October 30 two 32-pounder rifled cannon and 205 32-pounder (rifled) shot were shipped from Charleston to Memphis. Send them to Nashville the moment they arrive. Send also twelve field guns (6-pounders) to Nashville to Lieutenant Wright, of the ordnance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 10, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER.

Huntsville, Ala.:

I have no objections to your going to Mobile to command your regiments. I refer you to General B. Bragg for orders about W. D. Chadick's battalion. If General Bragg desires it, he can order them to Mobile.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[6.]
HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA LEGION.

New Orleans, November 10, 1861.

Major General L. POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: We have just now received the news of the great victory you have won over the Lincoln troops in Missouri. Allow me to congratulate you and the brave officers and men under your command of this fresh addition to the imperishable laurels already gathered at Manassas, Fort Sumter, Leesburg, &amp;c. Here all is excitement, and no other theme discussed but your last victory. I regret, however, not to have shared your dangers and your glory. Many brave men are now sleeping in the grave whose hands I have often shaken in toke of friendship. Poor Butler! So young and so full of brilliant hopes! And how many more are dead whose names have not reached us! My sincere hope is that before long I will be able to meet you at Columbus, or anywhere you may wish to have me, and that I shall have the chance of giving my life for my country. By Mr. Tonneau I send you your

