
(10-inch) columbiad, in complete circle in barbette, defended by 200 men. Third. Submarine batteries in the principal channels, at various depths, to be fired by galvanic battery. The moral effect of this is immense upon the enemy, and its practical results sure if well constructed. The same means repeated, if possible, at Fort Pillow and Memphis. Finally, using for the guns on the hills the depression carrigae used at Gibraltar by the British. It is simple, efficient, cheap, and can be built at the rate of five to one columbiad barbette carriage. Let me also suggest to you the importance of a company of sapers and miners to execute and direct the workmen in executing all these works. We can get the material here with proper authority; also a bridge train-say 150 men, with boats, tools, carriages. This is indispensable in Kentucky and Tennessee, and will more than once enable you to surprise the enemy by throwing a bridge on a river, or of saving the army by being enabled to cross a river and destroying your bridge. In two months I can promise to get up such a corps, the men being taken from old soldiers of the French army and formerly belonging to the pontoniers.

I now close this long letter, and remain, yours, very truly,

J. TRUDEAU,

Brigadier-General.

[4 and 6.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 216. Richmond, November 11, 1861

* * * *

II. The Georgia battalion with its light battery, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stovall, will proceed with all dispatch to Bristol, Tenn., and there report for duty to Colonel Leadbetter, commanding.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Jacksborough, November 11, 1861-1 p. M.

Colonel W. B. WOOD.

Knoxville,

SIR: Yours of yesterday evening just in. Take steps to ascertain of a certainty the reliability of all such reports and keep me constantly advised. I am using the force to do very important work here, and [will] probably have it finished in four days. Don't want to abandon it unless necessary, but wish you to give me all the reliable movements you have knowledge of. You do not inform me whether my dispatches to Richmond and Bowling Green have been telegraphed, or will be.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 11, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that a regiment has been organized to-day under the style of the Fortieth

