
Tennessee Regiment, Provisional Army. The last regiment organized by your State reported to this Department was the Twenty-ninth. For fear that others have been organized which have not been reported, we have given it this number. We desire the numbers 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, and 39. Please let the number of regiments formed and commissioned by your State after 33 commence at 41, so as not to conflict with the numbers above. We have formed six regiments, now known as the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth, butt as confusion is caused by having several regiments with the same designation, we propose to change them by special order as above. You will confer a great favor by informing us of regiments formed by you and turned over to rolls are received, and regiments are in existence some time befroe we know it. Your compliance with the above will confer a favor upon the Department.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.

V. D. GRONER

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

RICHMOND, November 11, 1861.

Colonel R. C. TRIGG,

Wytherville, Va.:

Obey General H. Marshall's orders and wait for nothing.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

COLUMBUS, KY., November 12, 1861

General S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspecor General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

A large Dahlgren gun bursted. Lieutenant Snowden, C. S. Infantry, Captain Keiter, and seven soldiers killed; several wounded. General Polk was stunned-clothes torn off, but will recover soon. Please communicate fact to Lieutenant Snowden, assistant commissary.

E. D. BLAKE.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, November 12, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

One regiment, 900 strong, left this morning for East Tennessee. Another will follow as soon as transportation can be procured. All as yet imperfectly armed. Would have moved sooner, but it was impossible to do so. Have written to-day.

W. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General.

[4.]

MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD OFFICE.

Memphis, November 12, 1861.

Major General L. POLK

Commanding at Columbus:

DEAR SIR: The gun-boat Howard left New Orleans on Sunday morning; will be here to-morrow night. She is compelled to have 2,000

