
RICHMOND, November 14, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER,

Huntsville, Ala.:

I have sent to General A. S. Johnston 4,500 rifles, being half of all that we have received.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[4.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Jacksborough, November 14, 1861.

Colonel W. S. Statham will march with his regiment immediately for Wartburg and strengthen that position under direction of an engineer officer to be sent with him. Colonel S[tatham] will instruct his working party to follow him as soon as the blockade is completed. He will in his progress procure information of true Southern men, and seize the arms of Union men known to be inimical to Confederate States, and capture their leaders believed to be dangerous men. He will report to me when necessary by express messengers any information of importance.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 224. Richmond, November 16, 1861.

* * * *

III. The designation of the Fourth Regiment of Tennessee Volunteeres will hereafter be the Thirty-fourth Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers. The designation of the Fifth Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers will hereafter be the Thirty-fifth Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers. The designation of the Eighth Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers will hereafter be the Thirty-eighth Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]

MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD OFFICE.

Memphis, November 16, 1861.

General L. POLK.

Commanding at Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: I am satisfied as I wrote you some days ago, that the great battle had to be fought in this valley; that a move was on foot to seize the river below you on the Missouris side and cut off your transportation, and take your boats and try and seize Fort Pillow. I am further satisfied this morning that there will be no fight in Western Missouri; that Hunter is returning his forces as rapidly as possible to Saint Louis from Springfield. The Iron Mountain and Cape Girardeau forces, with those from Springfield, will all be sent as rapidly as possible to Cairo, with all the gun-boats and transports they have, for renewing the attack on you and getting possession of the Mississippi River as

