
low as Memphis at least. Johnston, I presume is fully posted, asnd you and he in full conference. For our safety we look to you. The submarine batteries, I think are the only security against iron gun-boats.

Yours, truly,

SAM'L TATE.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Raleigh, N. C. November 16, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: The reports from East Tennessee indicate much trouble, but have no doubt received proper attention from your Department. For the last few days I have received numerous communications from the North Carolina counties bordering on East Tennessee asing assitance. I am gratified to state that but very little of the East Tennessee treason has crossed our line; but a border warfare must ensue, and uness our people are protected they may be somewhat affected either by the superiority of the traitors or their artful promises. That portion of North Carolina is now very weak and exposed from the large and undue portion of volunteers furnished from this section. So many have volunteered from some of these counties that it is apprehended there will be a failure of support another year in a county which has heretofore yielded a surplus for other counties. There are now two regiments, just organized, the one (Colonel Vance's) from the extreme southwest, or Buncombe, and another regiment just orgnaized from the northwest, or Ashe County, adjoining the district of East Tennessee, where the Unionists are now embodied and threaten our State. I can arm these regiments in the country. Shall I send these regiments to East Tennessee, where the Unionists are now embodied and thretaen our State. I can arm these regiments with some flint-and-steel muskets and some hunting rifles I have bought in the country. Shall I send htese regiments to East Tennessee through these two points or station them near the line? I can't anticipate what movement you will prefer; but from representations made to me I must urge the employment of an armed force in or about Ashe County or in East Tennessee contiguous to it, and also on the State line or rairload in East Tennessee between our State and Knoxville.

All the western border of North Carolina are demanding prompt assistance. This is all can offer. When these regiments are there and equipped they can be easily transferred. I will here allude to the necessity of protecting the salt-works and lead mines bordering on this disaffected region. I would be glad of immediate orders for the two regiments, or I must send them as designated.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[4.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, November 17, 1864.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN.

Secretary of War:

I presume you are fully informed of the hostile demonstrations of our enemies in East Tennessee. I think it very important that troops be thrown upon the frontier of Georgia at once, to assist in suppressing the rebellion. May I beg you to direct General Lee to arm Colonels Bailey's and Littlefield's regiments with Enfield rifles, and order them immediately to the line of Tennessee? Please answer.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[4.]

14 R R-VOL LII, PT II

