
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, N. C., November 18, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The troubles are greatly increasing in East Tennessee, and treason is becoming more bold and more common every day. It is assuming formidable proportions and, if I am correctly informed, needs a large force, not only to put it down, but to prevent it from overruning the adjoining country. The border counties of North Carolina are greatly excited, and have already received some visitations, and a few are disaffected. These counties have heretofore contributed largely (beyond their proportion) to our volunteers, so they are peculiarly defenseless, and in some counties not enough left to plant corn. These people are appealing for protection to me. I have two regiments, just formed, one from the northwest and one from the southwest extremity of our State, each asking that the regiment may be sent back to stay the fury of Tennessee treason.

One of these regiments (Twenty-ninth, Colonel Vance) is from Buncombe, and you have just ordered me to send it to Jonesborough, which is very well, but a little farther so, on the same railroad, might put them where they are equally as much needed. The other regiment has just come together, without drill or arms, but theya sk to be sent back to their own homes to protect them; besides their homes are in the midt of the salt-works and the provision mart. Now, we must have arms. Can you let me have 2,000 arms for a regiment of State troops for the war and for a twelve-months' volunteer regiment? Understanding that a large lot had arrived, I make but a small requisition, and that for troops to go at once to East Tennessee or where most needed. We are now reduced to shotguns and unserviceable old muskets. If you can let me have arms for these two regiments (2,000), my rifle factory will then supply me with rifles.

Very respectfully,

HENRY T. CLARK.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Nashville, Tenn., November 18, 1861.

V. D. GRONER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The inclosed report from the adjutant general's office for the State, it is supposed, will supply the information sought for in your favor of the 11th instant. It is not known where or when the so-called "Fortieth Tennessee Regiment, Provisional Army," was organizsed or by whom commanded. Your letter does not state. It is desirable that the numbers of the regiments should harmonize in the State and Confederate Departments, and with that view, as well as to give information, I transmit the within report.

Respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

