
[Inclosure.]ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE. Nashville, Tenn., November 18, 1861

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor, &amp;c.:

In obedience to your order I report that it appears from the records of this office that the following are the numbers of the regiments of infantry organized by you and turned over to the service of the Confederate States, viz: One hundred and fifty-fourth, Colonel Preston Smith; First, Colonel George Maney; SEcond Colonel J. Knox Walker; Third, Colonel John C. Brown; Fourth, Colonel R. P. Neely; Fifth, Colonel W. E. Travis: Sixth, Colonel W. H. Stephens; Seventh, Colonel Robert Hatton; Eighth, Colonel Alfred S. Fulton; Ninth, Colonel H. L. Douglass; Tenth, Colonel A. Heiman; Eleventh, Colonel James E. Rains; Twelfth, Colonel R. M. Russell; Thirteenth; Colonel John V. Wright; Fourteenth, Colonel W. A. Forbes, Fifteenth, Colonel Charles M. Carroll; Sixteenth, Colonel John H. Savage; Seventeenth, Colonel Taz. W. Newman; Eighteenth, Colonel J. B. Palmer: Nineteenth Colonel D. H. Cummings, Twentieth Colonel Joel A. Battle; Twenty-first, Colonel Ed. Pickett, Jr.; Twenty-second, Colonel T. J. Freeman; Twenty-third, Colonel Mathias Martin; Twenty-fourth, Colonel R. D. Allison; Twenty-fifth, Colonel S. S. Stanton; Twenty-sixth, Colonel John M. Lillard; Twenty-seventh, Colonel C. H. Williams, Twenty-eighth, Colonel John P. Murray; Twenty-ninth, Colonel Samuel Powel; Thirtieth; Colonel J. W. Head; Thirty-first Colonel Bradford; Thirty-second, Colonel E. C. Cook. I remark about the One hundred and fifty-fourth Regiment, commanded by Colonel Smith, that it was a coproarte body previous to our present difficulties, and wehwne the volunteer force was called for it preserved its coproarte named and was so accepted.

The officers of the regiments named above were commissioned by you, and hence the order of their numbers. There is no official record of any other regiment numbered by the State yet the State has otherse in the Confederate service, viz; at Manassas, Colonel Bate's Colonel Turney's and Colonel Vaughn's, who went into said service early in May last; at Bowling Green, Colonel B. J. Hill's who went into service about 1st of September. Under Brigadier-General Carroll, three regiments, commanded as I am informed, by Colonels White, Looney, and Avery recently formed and organized and the regiment commanded by Colonel Churchwell, organized in the month of August. The precise date upon which these regiments entered the Confederate service can only be ascertained from the record at Richmond. The numbers used in the State organization accord with the date of organization, and determine the rank of the officers of the different regiments. If the War Department designates these unnumbered regiments as Tennessee regiments, then properly the next infantry regiment formed should be numbered as desired by the Secretary of War in his request, through favor of Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Groner of the 11th instant, and confusion therein be avoided. With these facts before the Department, the Secretary of War by special order can so arrange the numbers as to conform to those already adopted by the State, and avoid all questions of rank; and to preserve this harmony in future this office will report to the Department, in accordance with the favor of [Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Groner referred to or any special order the

