
Secretary of War may make in regard thereto. No mention of the cavalry battalions and artillery companies turned over to the Confederate Government is deemed necessary at this writing.

Respectfully,

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 228. Richmond, November 19, 1861.

* * * *

X. The designation of the Second Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel T. J. Davidson commanding will hereafter be the Twenty-third Regiment of Mississippi Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS.

Wartburg, November 20, 1861.

Colonel W. B. WOOD.

Knoxville:

SIR; It is of the utmost importance that the ammunition ordered for Colonel Murray's regiment on the 10th, an assortment of tools ordered on the 15th, and pack-saddles orderedon the 10th, be received at the earliest possible hour. Captain Wright telegraphs me that before my order for the ammunition was received he had, on the 6th, under General Johnston's order, sent Murray's ammunition to Knosville, I presume there is some unaccountable detention on the way. I have not heard from the tools or the pack-saddles. Inclosed I send you copies of the letters ordering them. On the 18th I requested Major Campbell, at Knoxville to send an intelligent man along the railroad to ook for the ammunition and bringit along with him without delay. I hope he has done so. Please send another intelligent and energetic man to Nashville to hurry up and birng along with him without delay. I hope he has done so. Please send another intelligent and energetic man to Nashville to hurry up and bring along with him the tools and pack-saddlese, particularly the former. I wish to advance into Kentucky, take a position and strengthen it, which I cannot do without the tools. IN sending forward these stores it occurs to me it is best to draw for requisite guards fromtime to time upon your own battalion until the whole by companies or otherwise is transferred to the field of active operations on the Cumberland. When General Carroll reaches Knoxville and has had time and opportunity fully to comprehend the condition of things on and beyond the railroad, and to make proper disposition of his forces. I wish you to join your regiment under my immediate command. We have collected some guns, which I will by empty commissary wagons, in a few days, send to Knoxville for arming General C's. men.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[7.]

