
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 232. Richmond, November 21, 1861.

* * * *

XIII. Captain W. W. Davis, Alabama Volunteers, will immediately proceed with his company to Pensacola, Fla., and report for duty to General Bragg, commanding.

XIV. The Sam Cooper Rifles, Alabama Volunteerse, will immediately proceed to Pensacola, Fla., and report to General Bragg for dutywith Colonel Deas' Twenty-second Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[6.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF Pensacola.

Near Pensacola, Fla., November 21, 1861

With a view of preserving to our cause the invaluable service of those soldiers he has so long commanded with pride, the general is desirous of reorganizing his old regiments for the war. The advantages to be obtained by the officers and men themselves are so apparent as to give the strongest hope of a large success. But fewof us, if any, can contemplate retiring from the field to the inglorious occupation of idly witnessing the labors of our mothers, wives, and daughers nobly working for their defenders in the field. To receive a discharge and go home temporarily with a view of again enlisting in some other command, will subject the soldier to many annoynaces he has probably not contemplated. He willnever again be as wel satisfied, mixed up, as he will be, with strangers and raw men, where ehe will have to go through all some to him. all his former acquiantances and esprit de corps will be lost, and he will be looked on as a raw recruit insted of a veteran of one campaign. Above all, he willlose his arms, for the army is now full of men eager to see him depart, that they may secure his guns with which to win a name. To return with an old shotgun, or perhaps with no gun at all, and wait a chance opporutnity to secure what has been thrown away will be the fate of thowse who thus depart. Those who remain may confidently rely on soon being emplyed actively, if not here at some othe rpoint to which they can ow be sent their places being supplied by the new troops; and as far as he can do so, consistently with his sense of duty, the general will allow to those who re-enlist and require it an opportunity to visit home and arrange their business affairs. This indulgence will be granted to re-enlisted men in preference to all others.

1. Companies of not less than sixty-four privates (a large number would be preferred), with their proper officers, non-commissioned officers, and musicians will be received and mustered for the war, retaining their present arms and equipments when they will be discharged from their old engagements and paid off to that date. 2. Such companies will be attached to their old regiments until a sufficient number is obtained to constitute a new regiment when they will be aggregated, and field officers will be appointed by the President. In making these appointments he will no doubt, be influenced by a known desire of large majority of a regiment, ascertained through the proper military

