
channel; but no elections will be held and no electioneering will be tolerated. Merit, not popularity, will control the selections, Such of his veterans as are willing to join him for the war the general will be proud to receive, as evincing a confidence he has labored to deserve. It may not be his good fortune to lead them against the enemy, but on any field and against any foe he will answer for their conduct, and predict for them a brilliant victory or a glorious death.

By command of Major-General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[6.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.

Richmond, November 21, 1861.

His Excellency Henry T. CLARK.

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of 18th instant, in regard to the condition of some of the border counties of North Carolina, and asking for arms for two regiments, has been received. I regret that I am not able to fill your requisitions for arms. If we had them to spare they should cheefully be placed at your disposal for the purpose designated. The supply just received by the Fingal is by no means so large as has been represented. We received but 9,000 and these have been divided between Generals Lee and A. S. Johnston, in whose departmenets the danger of attack by superior force seemed most imminent. I can assure you, however that arrangements have been made to secure the safety of Eastern Tennessee and Northwestern North Carolina, and to crush out all treason in that section, which will doubtless prove effectual.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

[4.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE.

Memphis, November 21, 1861.

Major-General POLK,

Columbus:

SIR: The pressing importance of the events now crowding upon us must be my apology for venturing to submit to your better judgment the following suggestions, which are made by me in the absen of Colonel Hunt, who is now on a brief visit to his plantation below. The attack on Port Royal proves that vessels may and do sometimes pass the heaviest guns of our fortes with impunity. The full broadsides of the Richmond were opened on the "turtle" in the fight with Commodore Hollins, and we learn the shot all glanced off. These are the lessons of experience and the conclusion is irresistible that what can be done on the seaboard can be done on the Mississippi. If wooden vessels can thus pass our heaviest guns and best trained gunners, surely we may conclude that iron-clad steamers can pass any battery we have on the Mississippi. The repulse at Belmont has taught the enemy that his only chance of success is in overwhelming numbers, and I fear they will not again make such a blunder as that made on the 7th instant. The next move [will] probably be made with a formidable force on both sides of the river and also by water. Our people here have full confidence in your ability to repel any attack from the Kentucky side if it be

