
another suggestion. We are preparing some of them to go off by electricity. Would it not be wise to have a doezen or mopre small ones made and test themint he river Her? It might be that we should fail in firing them by electricity, and it seems to me that prudence would dictate an experiment here before sinking them at Columbus. It could soon be done. Again, it may be that there is a certain depth of water beyond which a charge of 100 pounds of powder would not be very destructive in its explosion. Then, again, we are making some to fire with the cap and hammer, after Doctor Saunders' plan, and it might be used to test these, too. I beg you will pardon me if in appearnce, even, I may seem to be obtruding my opinions upon you, but there can be no harm in your having them before you. In the absence of Colonel Hunt I shall most cheerfully endeavor to fulfill any instructions you may think proper to give upon this subject if you deem it best to increase the force at work upon them or to have any experiment made with them in the river here.

Respectfully,

J. T. TREZEVANT,

Acting Ordnance Officer.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS,Springfield, Mo., November 21, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL:

From information gleaned from letters taken from the mails and other sources, I am satisfied it is the intention of the Federal Government to throw into Kentucky 20,000 of the troops taken from this country, and to garrison Sedalia, Rolla, and Jefferson City with the remaining portion.

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, Numbers 1 Numbers 25. New Orleans, November 21, 1861

* * * *

The Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment, Colonel R. L. Gibson, and the Third Mississippi, Colonel J. B. Deason, will hold themselves in readiness to proceed at an hour's notice to Columbus, Ky. If not already supplied, they will make requisitions upon the proper department for 100 rounds of ammunition per man, 10 days' rations, and such camp and garrison equipage as may be necessary to fit them for the field. The surgeons of both regiments will provide themselves by requisitions with medical supplies for three months.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Lovell:

John G. DEVEREUX,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Jamestown, November 22, 1861.

Colonel W. B. WOOD, Knoxville:

SIR: I have received no dispatches from Knoxville since I left, and do not know whether General Carroll has arrived. I sent back captured prisoners and guns from Wartburg. It is very important the

