
an intelligible reportof the strength and condition of the command. It will be by no measn favorable as to its condition. I have in all here for duty about 1,800 infantry, 550 mounted men, and 140 artillery. The infasntry and cavalry are variously and badly armed; the artillery companies new and undisciplined. The Cumberland artillery has three captains assigned to them by order. The Kentucky battalion has a lieutenant-colonel and major assigned by order. SEveral companies of the latte rhave less than the new order legal number. Nine companies are reported here. ONe company, as apears by the inclosed communication * of Lieutenant-Colonel White, is absent on duty. If the general will order it to this place I can order elections for field officers, if the general advises this as the proper course, or ask the President to appoint. The organizationis anomalous-six companies for the war and four for twelve months, as reported. Colonel Forrest arrived with six companies of his cavalry last evening. He reports 400 for duty. I shall send him to the front to drive back the cavalry of the enemy, who are sending large parties through the country to our front and nearly to the border of this county. A force of the enemy, estimated at 500 (reputated at 1,000) landed at Eddyville two days since. Other troops are reported as at Uniontown, and thus with the force at Rumsey and Ashbysburg they may contemplate a descent upon us. If truly reported, they may have with them at Ashbysburg some 4,000 to 5,000. I want no assistance in defense, but considering themanner they are posted and the distance from support I do not deem it prudent to advance on eithe rpoint with infantry. I would send a force to Eddyville but do not thinkt he enemy contempalte occupying that place, and as I have not been informed of the force at Dover, I presume there is no danger to them. Much damage is being done to the property of our numerous friends in the country north of this. Many of them are driven from their homes. I shall start Colonel Forrest's command to give them what protection he may from the marauding parties of Jackson. The troops here need drill officers. I hope the general can send at least six for the infantry.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[7.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE.

Nashville, Tenn., November 23, 1861

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: We have here the 3,560 Enfield rifles, with 112,000 rounds of ammunition sent from Savannah. The accouterments, &amp;c., complete are expected here to-morrow. More rifles are on the way from Savannah with equipments complete. The Governor says he is to have some of the guns. You will please advise me what number, &c., as also how the shotguns, &c., received are to be disposed of-those brought in by the people of the country around here. I am about out of lead and have no buckshot for the shotguns.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. WRIGHT,

First Lieutenant, Artillery, and Ordnance, C. S. Army.

[7.]

---------------

*Not found

---------------

