
[CHAP. LXIV.

Pensacola, [February] 28, 1861.

L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

Ready for Fort Morgan two 8 - inch columbiads.

John H. FORNEY.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, February 28, 1861.

Colonel JOHN H. FORNEY,

Pensacola, Fla.:

Transfer the two columbiads to Fort Morgan without delay, so as not to excite suspicion, and report.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 2, 1861.

Captain Henry MAURY, Fort Morgan:

SIR: Understanding from the office of the adjutant - general of the State of Alabama that you are in command at Fort Morgan, I write to request that you will furnish to this Department without delay a statement of the exact condition of this fort, detailing minutely and fully its equipement, embracing the guns, their condition, caliber, mountings, &amp;c.; the interior arrangemetns of the forts, &c. This Department has no official information of the condition of Fort Morgan, and what is desired of you is a full and complete report in detail, with such general remarks as may suggest themselves as proper and right.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WAKLER.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, March 2, 1861.

Captain THEODORE O'HARA, Fort McRee:

SIR: Understanding from the adjutant - general's office of the State of Alabama that you are in command at Fort McRee, I write to request that you report to this Department without delay the exact condition of this fort in special reference to the following question, to which you will add any general remarks deemed proper by you to be made:

First. The number of 10 - inch columbiads; and if there, how many

are mounted, and whether in casemate or barbette?

Second. The number of 8 - inch columbiads and their condition, as above?

Third. The number of 42 - pounders, and how many mounted and unmounted?

Fourth. The number of 32 - pounders, and how many are mounted and unmounted?

Fifth. The number of 24 - pounders, and whether in casemate or barbette?

Sixth. The exact distance of the land battery from Fort McRee and the direction?

Seventh. The distance of Fort McRee from Fort Pickens, and the distance of the land battery from Fort Pickens?

