
than Columbia. We have caputred many Lincoln guns since I wrote you last. My command needs yet 150 muskets with bayonets. Could you furnish us. If so, direct Captain Wright at Nashville to furnish us. I will write you soon again.

I am, yours, in haste,

JOHN P. MURRAY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Regiment.

[7.]

O'BANNONVILLE, November 25, 1861-1 p. M.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond:

The enemy seems to be satisfied and does not reopen fire. They have fired into our hospital but my sick had all been removed. Many hot shot and innumerable sheels thrown into navy-yard, with comparatively little damage.

BRAXTON BRAGG

[6.]

O'BANNONVILLE, November 25, 1861-5 p. M.

General S. COOPER.

Adjutant-General:

All continues quiet, the enemy's ships keeping at safe distance.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[6.]

RICHMOND, November 25, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: Your favor of the 18th instant came duly to hand. The regiments enumerated in the report inclosed have been received as they were numbered by your State. The Fortieth Regiment was organized by the Confederate States. It is commanded by Colonel L. M. Walker, and is composed of companies from Alabama, Arkansas, and Tennessee. Colonel W. being from your State, as wel as a majority of the companies, by direction of the Secretary of War it was styled the Fortieth Tennessee Regiment, and is known as a provisional regiment, in contradistinction to those organized by your State which are known as volunteer regiments. The other regiments spoken of in your letter were regularly received into C. S. service and will be numbered from Thirty-four to Forty. The next regiment you organize you will please style the Thirty-third, after whch you can commence with Forty-one. It would be impossible to determine the rnak of the officers by the number of the regiments, for should a colonel resign, the person elected would be the junior colonel, and his regiment might be the First, in have to be changed at every promotion. As it causes some inconveniece to regiments to change their numbers after being mustered into service, we are thus solicitous to have them correct at the start. Colonel P. Turney's Colonel W. B. Bate's, and Colonel J. C. Vaughn's regiments, numbered, respectively the First, Second, and Third, Provisional Army, have been in service so long it is deemed impolitic to change their designation. The regiments under Colonel M. R. Hill, R. F. Looney, &amp;c., will

