
be provided for in our numbers from Thirty-four to Forty. I will report the field officers of these regiments in a few days.

I am sir, respectfully, &amp;c.,

V. D. GRONER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 25, 1861.

Governor HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Fifteen thousand re-enforcements of the enemy had reached Cairo, and others were at Saint Louis, awaiting transportation, on Saturday. They commenced returning up the river to-day. We have information that General Price is advancing on Saint Louis. This explains the counter-movement, and I think it will prevent the threatened movement on this place until the winter will close in. We have about compelted our defenses, making this place impregnable when sustained with gun-boat fleet and with forces near Union City. You may now take time to organize your forces, gather your arms, and largely increase the volunteer forces, holdingover the country the call for the militia. Many men will volunteer to avoid the odium of being forced into the service. I deem this important information for you to possess, that you may shape your course accordingly.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

[7.]

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, WESTERN DEPARTMENT.

Nashville, November 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Western Dept. Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: Your telegraph in reference to the batteries at Clarksville just received. I made special inquiries when at Clarksville about the highwater mark, and from information there obtained I was satisifed that the site selected for the battery at the mouth of Red River was a few feet above highet water, although a small depression in a rear of it has had a few inches of water over it att he time of extraordinary rise in the river, say once in seven years. The rampart is raised three feet and a half above the natural ground. I will write at once to Mr. E. B. Sayers, civil engineer in charge of the works being constructed at Clarksville, and direct him to make further inquiries and report at once to me.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER.

Major and Chief Engineer, Western Department.

[7.]

O'BANNONVILLE, November 26, 1861-6 p. M.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond:

The enemy's ships keep at a respectful distance, and Fort Pickens preserves an ominous silence. We are ready at all points.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[6.]

