
NEW ORLEANS, November 27, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

I have sent the Thirteenth Louisiana and Third Mississippi Regiments, 1,600 men, to Columbus.

M. LOVELL.

[7.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Thirteen Miles west of Monticello, November 28, 1861.

Colonel W. S. STATHAM:

SIR: A note from Colonel Stanton informs me that he has not yet crossed the river, and he has a rumor that the enemy are re-enforced at Camp Goggin. When your regiment joins, and Colonel Murray's, you will assume command of the whole. Possess yourself of all the information they can communicate and act as your judgment may direct with reference to the expedition proposed by Colonel Stanton.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - We will move up to Monticello to-morrow.

[7.]

JACKSON, [November] 28, 1861.

Major General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:

I have ordered troops to assemble at Corinth and Grenada. Considerable armed force now at these rendezvous. Order supplies for them. I am arming the companies called out under your first requisition as fast as possible.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[7.]

MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD OFFICE.

Memphis, November 30, 1861.

E. W. MUNFORD, Esq.,

(On General Johnston's staff,)

Bowling Green, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: Permit me to say to you that our people are very much exercised about General Pillow being in supreme command at Columbus. His daily sensation dispatches keep the country in alarm and commotion. If General Polk is not well enough to take command, I pray General Johnston will put some man of more prudence there. No one here has the slightest confidence in Pillow's judgment or ability, and if the important commandof defending this river is to be left to him, we feel perfectly in the enemy's power. I know General Johnston has so much to do and think about, he may not feel as we do about this Colubmus command. My own opinion is the main attack will be made there, and that soon. Their iron gun-boats can pass any battery on shore, and we do feel uneasy here and are doing all in our power to aid our army. The battle of Belmont has not in the least changed public opinion about Pillow.

Your friend.

SAM. TATE.

[7.]

