HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CENTRAL ARMY OF Kentucky,Bowling Green, December 1, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: I respectfully suggest the following organization of the Kentucky troops: First Brigade to be composed of the Second (Hanson's), Fourth (Trabue's) and Fifth (Hunt's) Regiments, to be commanded by Brigadier General J. C. Breckinridge. Second Brigade to be composed of the Third (Thompson's), Sixth (Lewis'), and Seventh (Burnett's) Regiments. I would suggest as commander of the Second Brigade the appointment of Colonel John Preston as brigadier-General. Should no appointment of brigader be made, I would suggest that Hanson, the senior colonel, be exchanged with Thompson into the Second Brigade.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

[7.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Mill Springs, December 1, 1861.

Colonel W. S. Statham, and Major Landis will march with their commands to-night so as to reach the position opposite camp of the enemy near Waitsborough before day to-morrow morning. Thjey will take wity them and give support to four pieces of Captain Rutledge's artillery, under commandof Lieutenants Falconnet and Wheeler. Lieutenant-Colonel McClellan with three companies of his battalion, and Captain Rowan with his squadron, will be in reserve near the position by sunup.

By order of Brigadier-General Zollicoffer:

P. B. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

COLUMBUS, KY., December 1, 1861.

This is a war of defense (on our part). This defense is reduced to a defense of the highways of commerce and travel. The Mississippi is the most important of all, cutting, as it does, three States and part of another from the main body. The army under General Pok has for its object the holding of the river not that of conquest, unless the conquest attempted would insure the safety of the river and defeat, not involve its loss. General Polk's army cannot afford a defeat. All our efforts should be directed to the hoolding oura davnced position at Columbus. To do this no time should be lost in finishing, arming and manning the works at New Madrid and Island Numbers 10; also securing the defense of some point on the Paducah, Railroach, and, lastly, a small force should hold Hickman, Ky.

Respectfully submitted.

J. P. McCOWN,

Brigadier-General.

I fully concur with the above.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[7.]

