
COLUMBUS, KY., December 2, 1861

Remarks made for the defense of the river the same evening. I repeat it, the country expects us to hold Columbus against all the forces the enemy will shortly bring to capture it. More men are needed to re-enforce our army; the gunners must be drilled to artillery practice; the smaller calibers must be abandoned, as they can make no impression upon the enemy's iron-clad gun-boats, and 128-pounders throwing solid spherical shot mounted intheir place. I do not hesitate to say that four 128-pounders-three upon the bluffs on this side, one upon the Missouri side at the point in a small Maximilian tower-and one 15-inch gun would alone sink any iron-clad vessel. To this armament I would add, in order to prevent the rapid movements of the steamers, especially at night, the stockade of the river to be established so as to keep the fleet under the fire of our heavy guns. A few torpedeos in the river would add much to the efficiency of the defense. With those means I do not feel the least hesitation in saying, and no military man who has seen service will contradict me, that the descent of the river would be rendered impossible, and such is our object.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. TRUDEAU,

Brigadier-General.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,Columbus, Ky., December 2, 1861.

Major General L. POLK,

Commanding Western Department:

GENERAL: Having been present at the reading of a proposition submitted to your consideration by General Pillow, in which it was proposed that within the next five days a forward movement with the troops now under your command at this place, assited by the naval force under Commodore Hollins, should be made toward Cairo for the purpose of caputring that place and destroying the enemy's propery in and about the same, andit having been intimated to e that the opinionof field officers under your command would not be objectionable, I take the liberty of thus obtruding mine upon your notice. With all due repsect for and confidence in the gallantry and judgment of General Pillow, my opinion is adverse to the proposed movement. Regarding as I do the holding of this place as of the first and most vitgal impotance, being as it undoubtedly is, the key to the Mississippi Valley with all its wealth and military resources, I deem any movement which would materially weaken this point, or jeopardize our great interests here, as most objectionable. That 12,000 men (the number proposed), distributed as they ust necessarily be ofr the object contemplated is in my opinion consdiering the distance bad roads, and to them sever weather a number altogether insufficient for a successful attack on places as strongly situated, while it would leave this point utterly untenable against any vigorous attack from the enemy, and would in the event of failure, leave our already scanty force in a very unreliable condition to repulse the heavy force we have every reason to believe would be precipitated upon us by the enemy. Supposing the expedition successful, our loss, which we cannot well replace, would be large; and while we would have inaugurated what the enemy with great plausibility would denominate an aggressive war, thus

15 R R-VOL LII, PT II

