
placing the strongest possible argument in his power with which to stimulate their masses into enthusiastic and energetic action against us. Their leaders, now fast falling into disrepute, would talk largely and piteously of citizens murdered, women ravished, dwellings burned, and life and property ruthlessly and wantonly destroyed by these Southern invaders on Northern soil. Believe me, sir, when I wish to impress these things on your mind, that they are my solemn convictions, and that appeals made to a brave people, backed by such arguments, would be irresistible; that a whole population containing 2,000,000 or 3,000,000 of people who are now lookingonthis war at least in a doubtful light, and who have up to this time furnished, in comparison to their means, but a meager support to our enemy, would at once throw invaders. Once in arms and organized they will under any circumstances prove troublesome customers, but flushed with vicotry and led on by bold, bad men, God only knows where their course down the valley of the Mississippi would or could be stopped. I hope the generla will pardon these curde opinions characteristically offered, and believe me,

Very respectfully, his obedient servant,

S. F. MARKS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

[7.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE. Nashville, Tenn., December 2, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR; For the information of the commanding general I am instructed to inform you that Governor Harris has ordered the new volunteerse to rendezvous at Camp Trousdale until 5,000 troops are assembled there; then the new camp to be selected by Major Gilmer will be occupied. Provisions have been forwarded to Camp Trousdale with a view to supply the number of men indicated. The winter quarters at this camp may also be used for the accommodation of these troops; and as many as 7,000 might perhaps be then comfortably provided for. About twenty companies in addition to those at Camp Trousdale, are under orders for that place. The reasons why the Gvoernor has thus ordered the volunteers to Trousdale are, first, on account of facilities for their accommodation there, and secondly, becuase at the time the order was given no other place for an encampment had been even examined.

Yours, truly,

B. R. JOHNSON

Acting Brigadeir-General.

[7.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, December 4, 1861.

Major General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding &amp;c, Pensacola, Fla.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you be informed with regard to your indorsement on the communication of Lieutenant-Colonel Loomis of the 19th ultimo, forwarded by you, that the Government will gladly accept all troops offered for the war, notwithstanding

