
armed, in a few weeks they would be ready to move to some other field of operation. East Tennessee would demand but a passing notice. As it is, however, I am compelled to disperse one force of trairos at a time. There are under my command about 4,000 troops, and companies daily tendering their service. An effective force of from 5,000 to 6,000 could be moved to any point in a short time if arms could be had.

Please give this your immediate attention.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[7.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS

Hopkinsville, Ky., December 5, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel W. W. MACKALL:

COLONEL: Colonel Forrest has just returned from a ten-days' scout with 300 men to the front as far as Morganfield, Union County. No forces were heard of (of the enemy) this side Green River except 415 of Jackson's cavalry, who were within ten miles of him, but did not follow. His written report is not yet received. By a prisoner to the enemy, who escaped from Calhoun, I have the following of the strength of the enemy when their forces from Ashbysburg, &amp;c., were concentrated there to resist the supposed movement of General Breckinridge. From the character of the man and the manner of obtaining his information I believe it to be reliable. McHenry's infantry regiment, 630, nearly all for duty; Shackelford's infantry regiment, 710, 500 for duty; Hawkins' infantry regiment, 700; Cruft's infantry regiment, 800 (or 900), nearly all for duty; Jackson's cavalry, 550; battery of four field guns. They were all concentrated at Calhoun a week ago. They may have recrossed since. Colonel Forrest brought in two prisoners of war (acknowledged). Where shall I send them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Hopkinsville.

[7.]

Nashville, December 5, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON:

This will be presented by Captains Shaw and Lawson, who visit you for the purpose of conferring about the propriety of constructing a gun-boat for the Cumberland River, or, rather to convert a steamboat to that use. Of the efficacy of such a means of defense we are not competent to decide, but we are persuaded that it would be of great utility, and from the present aspect of affairs we are strongly convinced that this river needs every means of defense practicable. These gentlemen have had a good deal of experience in steam-boating, but what familiarity they have with this species of craft we do not know.

Respectfully,

NEILL S. BROWN,

W. G. HARDING.

[First indorsement.]

I am deeply impressed with the importance of Confederate gun-boats on both the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers, and shall be much pleased to see the policy adopted.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

