
Eight. What amount of powder, adn quality?

Ninth. Have you any fuses and wafers? If si, what quantity and quality? If not, what quantity is require?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[1.]

MARCH 2, 1861.

Colonel JOHN H. FORNEY,

Commanding Fort Barrancas:

SIR: Understanding from the adjutant - general's office of the State of Alabama that you are in command of Fort Barrancas, I beg to submit the following questions for special reply at your earliest convenience, to which you can add any general remarks deemed proper by you:

First. What number of columbiads have you, and their caliber, mounted and unmounte, and whether those mountes are in casemate or barbette?

Second. The number of 42 - pounders, their condition and working order, and how arranged, in upper or lower works?

Third. What ninebr, if any, of sea - coast howitzers for flank defense?

Fourth. What number of 24 - pounders, their condition, and whether in upper or lower works?

Fifth. What number, if any, of 24 - pounder howitzers for flank defense?

Sixth. How far is your land battery between the fort and navy - yard distant from these places, respectively? Is it mounted; and if so, how and with what?

Seventh. Are there any 68 - pounders [ship guns] mounted at the navy - yard? If so, how many?

Eight. What number of fuses and wafers and their quality?

Ninth. how much powder have you and its kind and quality?

Tenth. Has the order of this Department directing the transfer of the two columbiads to Fort Morgan been executed?

Eleventh. Do you know the quantity of powder in magazine at navy -yard, and is it or not within range of the guns from Fort

Pickend?

I have the honor, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[1.]

Pensacola, Marc 4, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

The two columbiads with chassis, carriages, implements, and equipments complete were shipped at 10 p. m. for Fort Morgan.

John H. FORNEY.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, March 7, 1861.

His Excellency Governor PERRY,

Tallahaussee, Fla.:

The powder at the Pensacola yard is insecure. Have you any objection to its removel by the Secretary of War to Mount Vernor or other place of safety? The munitions of war here have not been turned over to the Confederaty.

S. R. MALLORY.

[1.]

