
I know the bearer, and have confidence in his skill and energy, and feel the necessity of gun-boats.

V. K. STEVENSON.

[Third indorsement.]

Major GILMER

Chief Engineer, Nashville:

Report on this proposition.* Keep in view the best defense of the river, withthe amount of guns we may hope to command. The best defense is wanted.

By order of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL.

Assistant Adjutant-General

[7.]

MEMPHIS, December 5, 1861.

Major-General POLK,

Columbus, Ky.:

This morning I succeeded in having nineteen of my improved submarine batteries forwarded to Columbus by rail. I had hoped that the entire order for fifty would have been by this time completed, so that I could have been present and supervised their deposit in the river. I have previously sent to Colonel Richmond the plan I proposed to submerge them. Commodore Hollins will understand it, and of course place them in such manner as will not for the present endanger the navigation of the river by the vessels under his command. The cases are to be charged with powder (twenty-five pounds) when ready for submerging. The levers are only to be screwed in after the anchor and weight are properly deposited in the bed of the river with the cordage attached to the cases. Without the levers in it would be almost next to an impossibility to explode one, so that they can be handled with perfect safety even when charged with powder. I find it will be necessary to remain here for the present to supervise the construction of the remaining batteries as I wish to see that each one is perfect before being forwarded.

Hoping that you will give instructions for the deposit in the river of those already shipped, and that the result will be a success, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. SAUNDERS.

[7.]

NEW ORLEANS, December 6, 1861.

General L. POLK,

Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: From conversation with a gentleman here from evansport I learn they are building protections to their gunners over all their batteries by putting up a sloping shed of heavy tmber, and covering them with earth and sod two to three feet thick, and lining the front sill with heavy iron-say railroad bars. I think it an excellent plan and will protect your gunners perfectfuly from the enemy's shot and shell. I regret to see Benjamin Morgan and Steele here (in New Orleans). They arrived here last night over a week out from Columbus by boat.

---------------

*For Gilmer's report, see VOL. VII, p. 748.

---------------

