
At such times as these, when their services are so much needed at Columbus to watch the enemy's movements, I was mortified, and I fear they are doing no good, and I have heard, too, that they darnk too much. I regret to say this, but duty to my country and to you, sir, demands it of me. Look out and you will soon see. There are more spies in the country than I ever saw. Try and stop all communication with the North is the best remedy, and then hang such as get over here as spies. Don't turn any more men over to Memphis Safety Committee unless you want them turned loose.

Your friend,

SAM. TATE.

[7.]

MOBILE, December 7, 1861

General C. J. McRAE:

DEAR GENERAL: I have not written you because I knew youhad on hands as much as you could reasonably be expected to attend to. I had hoped, however, to hear from you, but have not been much disappointed in not doing so. Not to occupy your time unnecessarily, I will be brief in what I have now to say. Nothing has been done toward constructing the telegraph line to Meridian since the suspensionof my order by the Secretary of War. Nothing will be done, in my opinion, by those who caused my order to be suspended. When the consdquenese of this unnecessary delay shall be made manifest I shall desire you to bear testimony to the fact that they cannot be attributed to my neglect or incompetency. The steamer Lewis, from New Orleans to this place, loaded with sugar and molasses, was caputred by one of the enemy's gun-boats. The engineer, Haley, has returned to this place and been questioned by me. From him I learn that Ship Island is covered with barrels (sugar, molasses, turpentine, and resin) and live-stock. A regular steam-packet runs from that place to New York every two weeks to carry off the freight. Expeditions were sent out every night, which he was satisfied were to keep up regular intercourse with the shore. The character of the lumber and live-stock satisfied him that neither came from the North. The Lewis was captured on Friday, and he saw New Orleans papers of Thursday's date on the gun-boat. More rapid delivery than by our mails. Our gun-boats in the sound are not worth the wood they burn. They only serve as an excuse for an expenditure of the Confederate money.

The trade with New Orleans through the sound could be kept open and safe. It is not now, and, in my judgment, never will be under present management. The C. S. naval officers having charge of the Alert and launches, from Lieutenant Johnson down, I would not feed for their services. The whole thing, present and proposed is a most absurd and childish farce. For God's sake get the creatures sent somewhere else to play their antics. They make our cause appear ridiculous and serve as a powerful provocation to Lincolnism. Can you not aid me in getting some 10-inch projectiles sent me for the 10-inch columbiads at Morgan and Gaines? I want 1,000 shell and 1,000 shot. Colonel Gorgas has manifested a most kindly feeling for Mobile, and a word from you will I think, induce him to send off from the Tredegar Works the shot and shell wanted. We are in no condition to repel a serious attack. I have done-I am doing-all in my power. I cannot make powder nor shell and shot for 10-inch columbiads. Brigadier General L. P. Walker has reported to me for duty. In what am I profited? Is this the assistance promised me? You are informed as to the condition

