
of this command; can nothing be done? If real help cannot be sent save me from the curse of the name without the substance. I have not ordered down the force to Pascagoula because I learned after you left here that General Lovell's department embraced the entire State of Mississippi in addition to that of Louisiana. Write me when you have time.

Very truly, your friend,

J. M. WITHERS

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War for attention.

A part of the case as stated falls under the control of General Bragg, and another part under that of General Lovell. You will also note the complaint in relation to the telegraph line to Meridian. The shot and shell can, I hope be cast in Alabama.

J. D.

[6.]
HEADQUARTERS.

Knoxville, December 7, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON.

Commanding Second Div., C. S. Army, Bowling Green, Ky.:

GENERAL: I wrote you yesterday giving a detailed account of the proceedings of my commanding East Tennessee. Since nothing of special intert has transpired, except a little skirmishing in the neighborhood of MOrristown by a detachment under Major Monsarrat, which resultedin his dispersing the traitors and capturing about thirty of themm, among whom are supposed to be several miscreants who were engaging in burning the bridges. I also have the satisfaction to report the arrest of the notorious Brownlow, which was effected yesterday. He is now in jail. To-day I send to Tuscaloosa, Ala., under an armed escort (in obedience to instructions received from the Secretary of War) about thirty prisoners who wer taken in arms against the Government to be held as prisoners of war. My brigade is very much in need of arms, and it is the urgent necessity of the case that compels me to again annoy you with the subject. I have well-formed suspicions of an effort being on foot for a thorough organization of the disloyalists in East Tennessee and the bordering counties of North Carolina. The present inefficiency of my command, owing tot he want of arms, renders it impossible for me to meet ht eexigenciese which would inevitably arise if sucha state of things as I intimate above should develop itself in this part of the State. There are in East Tennessee under my command some 7,000 men, including my original brigade. Of these only about 1,000 are efficinetly armed and on a thorough war footing. You will readily perceive the absolute necessity of an energetic effort being made to supply this deficiency, which unless speedily remedied must entail mischief to our cause in East Tennessee. This letter will be delivered to you by Major J. C. Holland, of my staff, who will confer with you on all subjects mentioned above, and will cheerfully give you any further information connected with the movements of the forces under my command.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,W. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[7.]

