
beg to say that the Government fully apprecaites and acknowledges the patriotism which has dicatated the offer of your committe and will most gladly avail itself of your servides in the raising of the forces you propose to enlist, but the powerse of the Secrtary of War are not unlimited. He is as much bound to administer his Department in obedience to the will of Congress as expressed in the laws as any other citizen. You will, therefore, fully understand how much I regret being forced to inform you that I cannot give the orders nor recognize the appointments referred to. By law quartermasters and commissaries can only be apopointed to regiments after they are mustered into service. Supplies of any kind can only be furnished to troops after enlistment. I inclose you a circular of the Department giving information about the law on any number of companies, battalions, or regiments that you can collect for the purpose you indicate. The only limitation is that the men must be armed and that their enlistement be for not less than twelve months. Enlistements for the war would be infititely preferred. as fast as your men are enlisted let them orgnize into companies by the electionof captains and other officerse, and as fast as they are orgnaized we will mustger them into service and furnish all supplies.

Hoping you will be able to do this to full extent of the 5,000 volunteers required, and renewing my thanks for your zeal in our cause, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[7.]

Nashville, December 9, 1861.

General JOHNSTON:

A reliable gentleman from Jackson County just arrived says that Zollicoffer is surrounded in neighborhood of Steigall's Ferry, on the Cumberland River. Bramlette with 6,000 men in his rear.

ISHAM G. HARRIS

[7.]

KNOXVILLE, December 9, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON:

Letter from General Zollicoffer just received, dated 6th, says that two regiments of his command and a battalion of cavalry have crossed Cumberland River. Six guns poste don the other side, and infantry pickets two miles from the river. Is fortifying his position strong. A regiment and a battery moves in the morning to join him.

A. S. CUNNINGHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

RICHMOND, December 10, 1861.

Brigadier General S. R. ANDERSEON,

Huntersville, Ky.:

SIR: I am instructed to say, in reply to your letter of the 1st instant requesting to be transferred to Kentucky, that as the best interests of

