
the service imperatively demand the presence of your brigade elsewhere your wishes cannot at this time be complied with, however much under ordinary circumstances the Government might desire to gratify you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

R. H. CHILTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General

[7.]

RICHMOND, December 11, 1861.

Colonel W. D. STUART,

Abingdon:

Proceed with your regiment to Pound Gap and report to General H. Marshall. The quartermaster's department is ordered to furnish transportation.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[7.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

Nashville, Tenn., December 11, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON.

Commanding Western Department:

The Governor in calling for the militia of the State in obedience to your wishes stated that he preferred and was anxious to organize a volunteer force in liue of the militia. Not only from the increased length of service, but in every other view of the question, was this force to desirable one. I order to secure tevery man who was disposed to volunteer, he authorized volunteers to be sent forwrad to rendezvous in squads. Again, it not unfrequently happens that full companies, by voluntary assent of its members, are made and reported to the Governor and as such accepted and ordered to rendeavous but when marching orders are being executed some of these members decline, from sickness or other reasons, to come forwrad, thus reducing the company below the minimum required by law. In both cases the men are here, or rather at rendezvous. The officers appointed to muster under existing orders form you do not feel at liberty to inspect and muster these incomplete organizations, and hence the force is without any controlling authority, there e being no atuhroity in the State laws to hold them, the only power being to return them to their homes, recognize them as militia, and givern them accordingly, a result to be avoided if possible. Besides the disastgerous influence of a return home, we could only secure a force inferor in time of service. The Govenor has proposed that these troops be mustered in. If squds, then consolidated into companies as soon as it may be done. If near in number to a full organization, that tuch time be allowed to bring up the absent as will isnure a perfect company, and on failure that thebe ignored and that then they shall be treaed and consolidated as squads. If allowed to remain without being sowrn, in then, because of the utter absence of military or other authority to detain them, it is apprehended that their numbers will be decreased by voluntary absences some returning home, others seeking service in regular mustered troops. In fact, to speak frankly, the Governor has serious apprehensions, if some such expedient is not adopted, that his hopes of filling your call with

