
twelve-months' volunteers will be wrecked, and the state of things involved in very serious embarrassment to him and the service. He is aware that the course suggested by him is one involving a great deal of labor uponthe part of the inspecting officer, as well as his constant attendance at rendezvous. Beyond this no very serious objection can be offered to it. On the othe rhand, infinite trouble, expense, confustion, annoyance to both Govenrments, and possibly a harassing failure in securing the desired number of volunteers. A strong illustration so conceived is laid before the general. A full company is accepted and ordered to rendezvous and full in its numbers reaches there, but then and there a sufficient number to reduce it below the minimum refuse to be sworn into service. The oath cannot be forced. Shall the seventy who reamin be disbanded adn sent home? In such a case is it not better for all interests-State, local, public, and Confederate-that the seventy be mustered, time given to fill up (and if the company fail, to have it filled by proper details) or in any other practicable way secure the seventy, than to send them all home to breed discontent or become dissatisfied? True, they might join other companies; but volunteering is built upon and sustained as much by association of men from same neighborhoods, and the fact that they make their own immediate officers, as from other considerations. But without argument, the state of affairs now existing to some extnet, and which will by possibility continue from day to day, is submitted to the general by the Governor, assuring him of his determination to co-operate with him to the extent of the power with which he is clothed, asking, however, every assistance that it may be possible for the general to grant. He requests that you will give such orders as the emergency of the case may require, and that tif the plan proposed by him be not approved, some other equally safe and efficacious be adopted. He requests this and an early answer, to the end that the disastrous and unfortunte result which a strict adherence to the letter of the law and instructions heretofore given would surely bring about may be averted.

With high respect,

W. C. WHITTHORNE, Adjutant-General.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Camp Beauregard December 11, 1861

Captain E. D. BLAKE, C. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I am credibly informed that three columns of the enemy have left Paducah on their march in this direction. They are said to be 2,000 in each column, a force with which I feel able to cope in my present position. I have already demonstrated the importance of at least one regiment being added to this command to insure a decided victory, but have the honor to request that unless a well-drilled, properly armed command is sent, that no more badly armed troops be sent here at poorly armed and undisciplined troops to protect as they can, without taxing them any further. Re-enforcements if sent should come via State Line Station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

John S. BOWEN,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

[7.]

