
and respectful notice as a gentleman of intelligence and energy and who is familiar with our wants, our territory and necessities. I will add on this subject my own convictionof the utility of one of or more gun-boats on each river. I am of opinion that our victy, with all its public stores, is in imminent peril. You are aware that the force of the enemy infront of Bowling Green is not less than 75.000, and pernew forces now assembling will be indifferently armed andour stock of lead is lamentably short. Can we not get a supply of lead from Virginia? We wish the real lead for rifles. I reaspectfully urge upon you also the necessity of appointing a brigadier-general of the interior for this place, to attend to the thousand and one items that are oppressing the service and willn to admit of delay. Among his other duties should be added the entire care of the railroad bridges of the State and to have them well guarded. Such an officer should be a brigadier-general to give him weight, and influence, and if he is a painstaking man, popular and energetic, he could do more good than if he were in the field winning victories. The necessity of such an appointment here is obvious. As it is, there is confusion and delay and the commanding general is constantly harassed with these details, and less able to attend to them thanone specially assigned.

Respectfully,

NEILL S. BROWN.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL ARMY OF Kentucky,Bowling Green, December 15, 1861.

General HINDMAN:

GENERAL: I sent you instructions to-day to say if you had advanced beyond Cave City to fall back to that place and to commence breaking up the railroad. Implements for this purpose will be sent you to-morrow morning. This work I propose you will do lsowly. don to expect you to reakt he road continuously, but in spots. I judte that the sleepers will be as difficult to replace as the iron, and they will make excellent fire-wood. If I could always command a train I would have the iron sent here; as I cannot, you must devise means for placing it beyond reach of the enemy. Our object is to retard the enemy, and if a favroable opporutntiy presents itself for striking him a blow avail yourself of it. He cannot bring all his force down at once, and it is thought that some positions might be found where he could not deploy a larger force than yourself. I rely much on your discretion. We cannot afford to lose your brigade, yet if you can cripple the enemy and give him a wholesome lesson, you will have accomplished a good work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

[7.]

A RESOLUTION appointing John D. Morris, of Kentucky, a receiver under the act of sequestration approved August 13, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do resolve, That John D. Morris, appointed by the government of Kentucky as their special commissioner to secure the co-operation of the Confederate

