
States in the sequestration of the property, effects, and credits of cetain banking corporations of the said State, be hereby clothed with the powers of a receiver, under the actfor the sequestration of the property of alien enemies, aproved 30th of August, 1861, throught the Confederate States, and as such he alone be authorized to ascertain, seize, and sequestrate the property, effects, and credits of all the banking corporations of the said State that may have made loans or extended pecuniary aid to the United States of the government of Kentucky waging war against the Confederate States; and when so sequestrated, instead of paying the sme into the Treasury of the Confederate States, shall account for and pay over the same under his commission to the government of Kentucky.

Approved December 16, 1861.

[7.]

KNOXVILLE, December 16, 1861

General A. S. JOHNSTON.

Bowling Green:

On reaching here last night from Richmond I received a communication from Zollicoffer informing me that he was threatened by a force of ten regiments ansome cavalry at Somerset, and a force of five regiments at Columbia. His position I consider critical. I ordered him to recross the Cumberland, and am now using all the means in my power to re-enforce him. Cannot General Hardee make a demonstration on Columbia? General Zollicoffer asks for six 24-pounderse or 8-inch howitzers. I have telegraphed to General Cooper in regard to these guns.

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.

[7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CENTRAL ARMY OF Kentucky, Numbers 268. December 6, 1861.

Brigadier General J. C. Breckinridge will assume commandof the Second Division of the Central Army of Kentucky during the temporary absence of General Buckner from the post, commencing Tuesday, December 17, 1861.

By order of General S. B. Buckner:

G. B. COSBY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

CLARKSVILLE, December 16, 1861

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green:

I deem it only just to myself to say I am not secure at either Henry or Donelson. Have 1,500 unarmed men. Have asked for two companies fore heavy artillery; have no answer. Think movements at Cairo look to Cumberland and Tennessee certain. Waiting on Captain Shaw to organize MacGavock's regiment.

L. TILGHAM

General.

[7.]

