
and Murray will march at 10 o'clock precisely in the order named, each leaving a small camp guard to take care of their baggage and stroes. Each will go provided with two days' cooked rations. The officer of Colonel Newman's regiment willnot move his regiment, but assume command of the force at Mill Springs and place out proper infantry and cavalry pickets. He will permit no person not in the service to eneter his lines. Captain Rutledge will march with the six pieces of artillery on this side the river at the same hour, following the three first regiments. The cavalry will precede the infantry and artillery. Front and rear guards will be thrown out.

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER.

Brigadier-General.

[7.]

CAVE CITY, December 19, 1861

General HARDEE,

Bowling Green;

Colonel Helm informs me that he has fallen back toward Bowling Green six miles. He assigns no reasons, but mentions that the enemy is reported advancing from Columbia. I would like to have him here. Breckinridge has enough cavalry to protect himself in that direction. Rockets are seen occasionally in my front. I have parties thrown toward all points from which an attack can be made.

T. C. HINDMAN.

[7.]

MONTGOMERY, December 19, 1861.

General JOHNSTON:

Companies in North Alabama are forming rapidly. Hope to have from twenty-five to thirty in few days, including those to be sent to Fort Henry. The difficulty is in blankets and arms. At what points will the troops be supplied with knapsacks, canteens, &amp;c? The State has none, and the material is not to be had.

John GILL SHORTER

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI,Ordnance Office, Jackson, December 21, 1861

Major General L. POLK,

Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: We have to-day directed the shipment of our 42 and 24 pounder guns now in Vicksburg to you at Colubmus. They will go forward on next Monday, the soonest possible moment we can get them ready. We will also ship you the balls and cartridge bags for the 42 and 24 pounder guns mentioned above. We have eight 24-pounder gun carriages. Do you wish them?

Very respectfully, yours,

E. FONTAINE,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief of Ordnance, Army of Mississippi.

16 R R-VOL LII, PT II

