
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, December 22, 1861.

Honorable JOHN J. PETTUS,

Governor of Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you, in reply to certain passages of your letter to the President of the 14th instant, that at this moment General Polk is so urgent for re-enforcements and is so hard pressed, that I dare not withdraw the Third Mississippi Regiment, as you desire. If, however, at a little later period it shall be possible to do so, I will replace that regiment by antoher, as I fully concur in your view that it would be very desirable to have the men, who are sailros and who know the coast, retained there for its defense. I was glad to see your solicitude expressed for the health of the President. He will answer your letter in persion, no doubt. His health is now very good, but I hope you will continue to urge on him that he needs more exercise than he now finds time to take.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN.

Secretary of War.

[7.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Nashville, Tenn., December 23, 1861.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report by letter the destruction and entire loss of the ordnance depot and supplies, reported by telegram this a. M. The fire originated between 3 and 4 a. M. how or where I am unable to ascertain. I had a sentinel at both doors (house fronts on two streets) and private watch inside. The watchman inside reorts that the first he knew of it flmaes burst from the room above him where I kept such articles as flints, shoe thread, lanyards, &amp;c., on one side and percussion caps and friction-priomers on the other. In a few moments after discovering the fire, an explosion occurred of the percussion caps and a case of rockets (which were also in the room) and the primers. A man (corporal of the guard) reports that the fire commenced in an adjoining building, but the truth of the case has not yet been fully developed. Notwithstanding the guards, &c., I am constrained to believe that it was the work of an incendiary, inasumch as if it had been from spontaneous combustion of the caps or primers (which I think could not have occurred, as everything was so carefully dry) an explosion would have been heard in the first instance. NO oil nor anything of the kind was in that portionof the house at all, and special pains have always been taken to keep every portion thoroughly cleaned, and in no case has it ever been allowed for rubbish to accumulate in any portion of the house. The loss is of course heavy, principally artillery harness, and equipments generally. Say from 400 to 600 sets artillery harness, 300 cavalry saddles, from 8,000 to 15,000 sets of equipments and accouterments for infantry, 2,000,000 percussion caps, 5,000 friction primers, two dozen rockets, &c., 300 reams cartridge-paper. All my books except my cash book and cash vouchers were destroyed. A full report will be made as soon as possible. I have asked for a board of survey from General Johnston.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. WRIGHT,

First Lieutenant, &c.

[7.]

