
movement in Kentucky that has ever been. I have judged very poorly the element I have met in this section. If the Union cause in this section has not been much paralyzed by the late expression of the President and Cabinet, as well as the action of Congress, I of course yield cheefully to the superior views of our officerse. But if we remain here for the winter, this force should not all be concentrated at this point. Supplies will be hard to get to supply the whole army. Roads will, of course, be bad from this until March. If we conclude to go into winter quarters, one regiment should be statione at Gainesborough with two pieces of artillery, two at Burkesville with four pieces. By this means we get the resources of two fine sections without the cost of transportation. In the winter season the transportation of forage thirty miles on muddy roads will exceed the first cost. By this means we secure the navigation of the river to this point and can ship supplies to this point and all intermediate points from this to Nashville. If this is not done, whenspring comes our wagons will all be out of order, our horses broken down, and everything unfit for a forward move. Besides, by thus opening and protecting the navigation of the river we will save to the Government at least $100,000 in the cost and transportation of supplies, damages to wagons, and teams. The illustration of this needs only to consult the georgraphy of the country and its relative bearing on Kentucky. To my mind, if we do not move onward, our forces should be so divided so to command securely the navigation of the Cumberland River, making such locations as are good military positions, with an eye to forage and supplies. These suggestions are offered with the desire that they should meet with only such consideration as they are entitled to.

I am, yours, with great respect, &amp;c.,

JOHN P. MURRAY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

[7.]

Nashville, TENN., December 25, 1861

Colonel W. W. MACKALL:

DEAR SIR: I am informed, through a letter received here from the Honorable Thomas M. Jones Member of Congress from this State, that the Secretary of War has said to Mr. Jones that my appointment as brigadier-general will be made as soon as there is a necessity for additional generals from Tennessee. Hoping that the general commanding may think that this necessity now exists, and that he may be disposed to set for t the fact to the War Department, I vetnrure to lay beofre you the above statement. You are now in almost daily expectation of a conflict with the Northern forces, and I feel anxious to be palced in conflict with the Northern forces, and I feel anxious to be placed in posiiton before this conflict occurs, if that is possible. Ten thousand or 12,000 troops have gone forward to our defensive lines from Tennessee under the late call for 30,000 men and about 5,000 are in encampment ready to receive arms, which will be furnished at no distant period. I should be pleased if I could receive the appointment and be ordered at once to duty with the army advancing from Bowling Green. However, I shall cheerfully render my services wherever they may be deemed most appropriate. I could do better service here in disciplining and preparing troops for the field if my authority over troops mustered into the Confederate service were complete. I may be allowed to state here that petitions have been forwarded to Richmond by about five regiments asking for my appointment, with a view to my command.

