
of them. Of course I don to anticipate such a command, though the petitions were made by voluntary and unsolicited action on the part of the petitioners.

Yours, truly,

B. R. JOHNSON.

[7.]

OFFICE OF THE MILITARY BOARD,

Little Rock, Ark., December 25, 1861.

The board met. Present, the Honorable C. W. Board and L. D. Hill.

In consequence of a telegraphic dispatch received on yesterday from General A. S. Johnston, calling on the military board to forwrad to him as soon as possible all the armed volunteers inthis State, orders were issued to the companies forming under Cols. S. W. Williams E. N. Hill, and C. S. Dawson, at Dardanelle, Camden, and Paraclifta, to move by the most direct route and with the greatest dispatch to Memphis, and there report to General A. S. Johnston all the armed force under their command, leaving the unarmed behind.

Ordered, That the board adjourn until to-morrow morning.

L. D. HILL,

C. W. BOARD.

[7.]

Nashville, TENN., December 26, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

DEAR SIR: Since I wrote to you on yesterday General Whitthorne, adjutant-general of the State has informed me that Gennessee has now fifty regiments of infantry in the field all duly organized, and that there are besidesin camp, or ordered to camp companies sufficient to form two regiments at Jackson, Tenn., two regiments at Camp Weakley, two regiments at Fort Donelsonl, one regient at Camp Trousdale, one regiment at Knoxville one regiment at Columbus, Ky., making fifty-nine regimentes of infantry from Tennesse. General Whitthorne assures me that he will be able to report to the State Legislature when ir reconvenes after Christmas holidays that Tennessee has sixty regiments of infantr in the field, besides twelve battalions of cavalry and two regiments of artillery. I may be permitted to say familiarly to you that I should be pleased, if the general could find it consistent with his duties in view of these facts, to recommend my immediate appointment by the War Department to the place for which I have already asked his recommendation. It seems the Department will wait till he indicates the necessity.

Yours, truly,

B. R. JOHNSON.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Donelson December 28, 1861.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.;

SIR; This will be handed you by Colonel Bailey, of one of the Tennessee regiments stationed at this post. The exposed position of this command and the impossibility of obtaining arms here has induced us both to make an effort to securet hem at Richmond. Knowing the difficulties we all labor under on this score, permit me simply to state

