
that I feel deeply solicitous about our condition on the Tennessee and Cumberland, and believe that no one point in the Southern Confederacy needs more the aid of the Government than [these] points. Colonel Bailey will be presented to you under such auspices as will, I am sure, command for him your especial consideration.

With every assurance of the highest consideration, and the hope that a complete restoration to health will enable you to meet the heavy demands on your time, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army,

Commanding Defenses Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers.

[7.]

MEMPHIS, December 28, 1861.

General L. POLK,

Columbus, Ky.:

I inclose you a proclamation* issued this morning by John Park, our mayor. You will see from it where we stand. Our city is in a terrible condition with such a man at its head. You can plainly see his aims. Nothing in my judgment will do but strict military law as long as he is at the head of affairs. Our prisoners are not safe. I learn there is frequently no guard around them. Your ordnance, commissary and quartermaster's stores are unsafe, only two to four men at each place at night to guard them, and the town full of rascals and incendiaries, and the mayor is issuing proclamations saying he will protect them, and offering inducements virtually to bringing more. For heaven's sake don't let any supplies be burnt up of rwant of proper guards. Nashville has suffered enough. Don't let us repeat it. We have no one here with any authority over the city who is disposed to protect the right.

Yours, truly,

SAM. TATE.

[7.]

BOWLING GREEN, December 30, 1861

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

The citizens of Nashville believe, and so represent, that the city is in danger from incendiaries sent in by the Federalists or engaged from the disloyal of their own citizens. They wish a strong military police under a general officer, and recommend General R. C. Foster from his knowledge of the city, the people his firmness and experience as the most proper person. In this representation and recommendation the Governor concurs, and in the recommendation I also concur, and hope it will receive attention.

A. S. JOHNSTON.

General.

[7.]

BELL'S TAVERN, December 30, 1861.

General HARDEE:

Scouts returned too late last night to report. Went within one mile of Woodsonville, on Greensburg road. Several pickets ran in and long roll was beaten. No camp visible this side. Intercepted citizens and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

