
negroes returning from enemy's campl all stated that one span of railroad bridge is finished and that balance will be completed this week; also that one regiment is constantly on this side concealed in timber on heights near Rowlett's Station, and that a large cavalry force will cross to-day.

T. C. HINDMAN.

[7.]

RICHMOND, December 30, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

The President requests me to say that it would be well to consider the policy of instructing General Lovell to detail General Ruggles to command on the Mexican coast from Pearl River to Pascagoula, and to give him two regiments with some artillery and cavalry. If the infantry are sent form New Orleans the artillery and cavalry may be sent from Mobile or Alabama. Colonel Clanton's regimenet of cavalry is just ready for service. I inclose a dispatch just received from Mr. Zantzinger, the chief operator of the telegraph at Mobile. It may be relied on.

Yours, most respectfully,

C. J. McRAE.

[Inclosure.]

MOBILE, December 30, 1861.

General C. J. McRAE:

Twenty-two vessels landing troops in large numbers at Ship Island. All well.

ZANTZINGER.

[6.]

MOBILE, January 1, 1862

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

The undersigned citizens of the city of Mobilel beg leave to suggest to Your Excellency the importance of establishing the headquarters of General Bragg in this city. The demonstrations of the enemy now going on at and about Ship Island, in connection with his often-expressed designs upon our cotton ports, leave, as the undersigned think, little doubt that Mobile is to be attacked. The fruitlessness of the late attempt on Pensacola and the movements of the enemy in the Gulf do not, they submit render an early attack on the latter place probable. Besides, the defenses of Pensacola are complete and the troops there efficient and skillful. Those here are raw, undisciplined and (about 3,000) without arms. The presence of General Bragg here would greatly inspire our troops and people, and would consolidate and bring to perfection our military organization, while the ready communication between this place and Pensacola by telegraph and rail would enable General Bragg effectually to discharge the duties of commander of that post.

R. H. SLOUGH,

Mayor.

WM. B. HAMILTON.

C. LE BARON.

[AND SIXTY OTHERS.]

[6.]

