
CAMP BEAUREGARD, January 1, 1862.

Major-General POLK:

SIR: I dispatched a courier to you with a note when we were eight miles from Camp Beauregard in which I gave you the report received from a citizen that the enemy were in a few miles of this camp with a force 12,000 strong. In consequence of this report I thought it best to push forwrad by a forced march, and reache dhti point at 7 p. M. The report referred to above I find to be without foundation. The latest information received from the enemy through the scouts is that they are not in force this side of Mayfield. On consultation with General Alcorn we thnk we are able to make a stand against the enemy at this point if they continue to advance, and have concluded to do so unless we receive orders to the contrary, or future developments in regard to the enemy's forces, &amp;c., render it necessary for use to evacuate the post. From all the infromation General Alcorn has been able to obtain, there are 1,500 infantry and 500 cvalry encamped a short distance beyond Mayfield. If they have no other force but this between this point and Paducah, by a bold and rapid move, with the assistance of the railroad, I think it might be possible to rout or capture them. Their strength will be ascertained more accurately to-morrow morning probably. The will [not] be suspicious of any forwrad movement by us and may not be on their guard. As my orderse from you do to contemplate any sjch movement, however, I will remain here to-morrow and await orders from you unless it becomes necessary, from some unofreseen circumstance, for me to fall back. I should be glad to turn the tables on the enemy if it were possbile to do so, but shall not make any rash or hasty move in any direction. General Alcorn says he will not be able to move his force before the courier who bears this will return with your instructions, owing to the fact his last instructions require him to bring back subsistence and the baggage of his cavalry. The general, as well as myself, would be glad to remain here for a day or two, if not inconsistent with your programme, to see what further demonstrations the enemy will make. If he advances, unless in too great force, we will give him battle. If he retires, I will return to Columbus with my brigade. Meantime I will await further orders from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. RUSSELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

The bearer of this has been riding all day, and his horse in use also. I would therefore suggest that they be permitted to return to this camp at Moscow and a fresh rider and a horse he provided in their places.

R. M. R.

[7.]

JACKSON, MISS., January 2, 1862.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Enemy landed on Mississippi sea-shore in force. Third Regiment Mississippi Volunteers much needed there. Can you aid us? Four companies here. Ordered them to sea-shore.*

J. J. PETTUS.

[6.]

---------------

*For reply, see Davis to Pettus, VOL. VI, p. 792.

---------------

