
JANUARY 2, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

SIR: Having learned from scouts that there is no enemy nearer than Mayfield Creek, if that near (which is doubtful), I thought it best, on consultation with General Alcorn, to retur at once to Columbus, and am now with my command on my way to Moscow. The brigade will be at that point by 7 o'clock this evening. On accountof the threatening appearnace of the weather I think it best that a train should be sent to meet us there at that hour, if it meets with your approval. I am induced to make this request from the consideartion that it may sleet or snow to-night and our men would be exposed without shelter. Should this be the case no doubt much sickness would result therefrom. Moscow is but a few miles out of the direct route, and if you think best for me to proceed to Columbus by the dirt road but little distance will have been lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. RUSSELL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

[7.]

BOWLING GREEN, KY., January 3, 1862.

Honorable R. W. JOHNSON:

MY DEAR SIR: You must excuse me for not replying sooner to your most valued letter, but I have been so continually engaged in different ways that I have been compelled to neglect my private correspondents and depend upon my opportunity now to set myself right with them. I do thank you most truly for your assistance in getting our State admitted into the Southern Conderacy, wheer she must remain forever. In relationto the ratification by us of the Constitution of the Confederate States, I will state that we ratified and adopted the constitution and laws of the Provisional Government and the permanent Constitution of the Confederate States the day after our admission. This was telegraphed to our commissioenrs, and we afterward made out a certified copyof its adoption by us and transmitted it by mail to our commissioners. I had, however, ordered a second copy to be certified by the secretgary of state and forwarded to Richmond, so that this will, I hope remove all the constitutional objections to the admission of our Representatives and Senators to which you allude. In addition I will state that by our law every officer under our Government is compelled to take an oath to sustain as the supreme law the Constitution of the Confederate States. The peculiar condition of Kentucky renders it important, in order to develop our full strneght, that our volunteers should be organized into a State force under the Confederate Army. During the campaign it may also be imortant for particular purposes to raise volunteers on shrot time for specifid purposes which may be of vital our sources not fully developed, we are compelled to ask the Confederate States to grant us a loan in Confederate notes to the extent of $3,000,000 for the support, pay, and equipment of our State force; this money to be placed to our credit as needed. Kentucky will, of course, assume her full share of the whole war debt of the Confederate States, and as peculiarities in theem is needed in our State, the placing of this fund in our hands will make no difference in the results to them

