
received. For the assurance given by you of the readiness of the regiment under your command to re - enforce Fort Morgan in case of attack, the Governor desires me to express to you his thanks. The Governor also instructs me to convey to you, and through you to the call volunteers lately under your command, the assurance of his high gratification at the promptness with which they responded to his call, and the thanks of the State for the efficient service they have rendered.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Acting Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 1. Jackson, Miss., March 12, 1861.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Mississippi Army. All matter relating in any manner to its organizarion, arming, equipping, or discipline willl, until further orders, be referred direct to these headquarters, and will be addressed to the chief of the staff department, to which such matters may appropriately belong, viz: Organization, discipline, rules of the adjutant - general; clothing, camp and garrison equipage, transportation and general supplies will be referred to the quartemaster - general; arms, accounterments, ammunition, ordnance, stores, &c., to the chief of ordnance. [See Army Regulations, adopted temporarily by the Board.]

II. The following appointments and electins have been made according to law, and are hereby announced to the division, viz:

1. Richard Griffith to be brigadier - general, vice van Dorn, appointed major - general.

2. Beverly Matthews to be adjutant and inspector general, vice Griffith, appointed brigadier - general.

3. William Barksdale to be quartemaster - general.

4. Samuel G. French to be chief of ordnance.

5. P. F. Liddell to be first assistant adjutant - general.

6. H. H. Miller to be second assistant adjutant - general.

7. J. N. Davis to be third assistant adjutant - general.

8. John McGuirk to be fourth assistant adjutant - general.

9. Melancthon Smith to be fifth assistant adjutant - general.

III. The adjutant - general, quartemaster - general, and the chief of ordnance having reported in person to these heaquarters, are assigned to duty, and will receive special instructions. All official letter relating to matters in their respective departments will hereafter be addressed to them.

IV. Captains of companies that have been mustered into service will be allowed to received a sufficient number of men for their own companies to make the total strenght, rank and file, 100.

V. Whenever a company is mustered into service its captain will at once make a equisiton for arms, ammunition, and accouterments upon the chief of ordnance; clothing, camp and jgarrison equipage will not be issued until the troops are called out to take the field for active service.

VI. Accouterments and ammunition for small - arms and batteries of artillery are being prepared, and will be issued to companies in the order of their organization and tender of service. Captains will not issue ammunition to their companies until they are called into active service.

