
if we can spend the money as economically as the War Department. The management of this Department is unquestionably good, but I am fully satisfied that we can save a large proportion of the expenditures in consequence of local advantages, opposition, and supervision. We need this money, or rather a portion of it now, and I hope you will assist our members in having it done at once. Please write to me on this subject. Be so kind as to send me a copy of the President's message and my letter to him in relation to the admission of the State, which I hear was ordered to be printed.

Your friend,

GEORGE W. JOHNSON.

[7.]

RICHMOND, January 3, 1862.

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Adjutant-General of Tennessee, Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: Your communications of the 25th ultimo are duly received, and in accordance with your request Colonel Quarles' regiment will be known as the Forty-second and Colonel Clark's as the Forty-sixth. I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that no twelve-months' regiments, battalions, or companies can be received in the C. S. service unless armed when mustered. I find in your report Colonel Gillespie's regiment, Forty-third Tennessee. Orderse have been issued to Brigadier-General Carroll to disband this regiment if unarmed.* As the expense of mustering in and subsequently disbanding troops is very great, besides being a source of dissatisfaction and confusion, you are respectfully requested not to commission officers of any twelve-months' organization unless it is armed at the time of muster.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servnat,

V. D. GRONER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

PROCLAMATION.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Mill Springs, Ky., January 6, 1862.

To the PEOPLE OF Kentucky:

When the present war between the Confederate State and the United States commenced the State of Kentucky determined to remain neutral. She regarded this as her highest interest, and balancing between hope for the restoration of the Union and love for her Southern sisters, she delcared and attempted to maintain a firm neutrality.

The conduct of the United States Government toward her has been marked with duplicity, falsehood, and wrong. From the very beginning the President of the United States in his messages spoke of the chosen attitude of Kentucky with open denunciation, andon the one hand treated it with contempt and derision, while on the other hand he privately promised the people of Kentucky that it should be protected. In violation of this plege, but in keeping with his first and true intention, he introduced into the State arms, which were placed exclusively in the hands of persons known or believed to be in favor of coercion, thus designing to control the people of Kentucky and to

---------------

*See Benjamin to Whitthorne, January 16, 1862, VOL. VII, p. 834.

---------------

