
this has become the cause of Kentucky, and it is your duty to espouse it. Duty and honor unite in this call upon you. Will you join in the moving columns of the South, or is the spirit of Kentucky dead?

GEORGE B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.

[7.]

BOWLING GREEN, KY., January 6, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

SIR: Our people have reached here, except the Forty-fifth Regiment and the regiment of horse, and these we are looking for daily. No accident occured by the way and the men are in tolerable condition. We did not reach here until a week after the time designated by the Secretary of War, for the reason that transportation could not be gotten on the railroad and because we met with much delay on account of the burnt bridges. A fully, from the assurances given me at the department, that the men under my command would have been paid off before this time, but I am sorry to have to say that this has not been done. One-half of the Fifty-first Regiment have never received one dollar since they entered the service. They are generally very poor men and entirely without support for their wives and little children, except their wages, which is necessary to keep them from actual suffering at this inclement season in the mountains where they reside. I received telegraphic dispatches at Dublin stating that a paymaster and been sent with money to pay the men, and I so assured them. The men are still unpaid, and are beginning to utter what I cannto help thinking well founded complaints at the continued delay. They have not a single dollar to purchase the least little comfort, even for the sick. O must beg of you, general, to have the matter brought to the attention of the proper authorities, and to see that these poor people shall at once be paid, at least a portion of their wages, overdue now for more than half a year.

With the highest respect, I am your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[First indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, January 13, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Quartermaster-General.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.] QARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, January 18, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General with the remark that on the 24th of December Captain W. Gibboney was sent to Dublin with $75,000 to pay the Forty-fifth Virginia; on the 23rd of December Captain BAnks (R. G.) was sent to pay the Fiftieth Virginia, and on December 30 Captain Duncan was remitted the sun of $56,041.67 to pay the Thirty-sixth Virginia, Guy's battery in part, the Fifty-first Virginia, Adams' battery, and French's battery. Payment to 31st of December, 1861.

[7.]

A. C. MYERS.

