
in the act of arranging measures of the more spedy repair of them when I was handed Captain Groner's letter. I do not suppose, because I have not sufficient facts to warrant the reflection, that General Carroll's brigade requires the arms intended for Colonel Gillespie's regiment, since I believe it was reported as and armed brigade to you, but if General Carroll's brigade ned any I undertake to say that the Governor will endeavor to supply his wants.

I beg to add further that in view of the invasion threatened and imminent to the State of Tennessee it would be well, not only well ut highly important to the citizens of the State as also the Confederacy now and in the future, if the Secretary would receive the assurance given that the troops called for will be armed by the State, either at the time of muster or within a short time thereafter, the time being only that necessary to put guns in shooting order.

Conceiving the publication of the order of Captain Groner would work injuriously, will withold it until further communication from you. It is proper to state that the Governor is absent from the city at this writting, but knowing the plans adopted and being in part charged with their execution I have taken the liberty of writing as I have done.

Respectfully,

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Adjutant-General.

[7.]

RICHMOND, January 8, 1862.

[Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:]

MY DEAR SIR: As I came through Knoxville I stopped to see Parson Brownlow, who is an old acquaintance of mine. He was very solicitious to get permission for his family to go with him, and I promised to mention the matter to you. His family consists of several daughters. He intends to go on a farm, and is earnest in his intention no longer to dabble in politics. Your action is perfectly satisfactory to him. Knowing him as I do, I am certain that he will never do anything against the South again, for he despised Lincoln and his supporters. As long as he remains in East Tennessee there will be an excitement kept up; his friends will be backward in giving adhesion to the Government. He is hated and pursued with a virulence beyond belief, and if proper steps are not taken there is grat danger that he will be assassinated during his journey and the Government thereby disgraced. I heard threats against him everywhere on the road.

General Marshall's brother writes to me from New Orleans to know whether the law has been amended as you desired in order to give a quartermaster as well as commissary to each brigade, and whether he has been appointed. If the law been amended and he has been appointed I would like to know, so as to telegraph him to come on and qualify. Your times is so valuable that I have not intruded upon you. My family have come on, and I shall next well go to housekeeping on the corner of Seventh and Clay, and hope to have unofficial visits from you some of these days when you can spare the time. I have brought on a large lithographic and engraving establishment for Government use, and will soon be at work upon bonds, &amp;c. I would suggest to you whether a proper design ought not to be made and commissions made upon proper paper. I could get it for you and have it done at a trifling cost; 5,000 bank commissions would not cost, I think, over $12,50 altogether. If you wish it done I yould attend to it for you.

YoursN DUNCAN.

