
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

STATEMENT B

Statemetn of interest due the banks at Memphis, Tenn., by Major General Leonidas Polk

Bank of West Tennessee, as per statement.............$2 760.94

Bank of Memphis, as per statement.................... 1,050.00

Branch of Union Bank, as per statement............... 1,300.66

Branch State bank, as per statement.................. 664.00

Planters' Bank, as per statement..................... 690.83

Total................................................ 6,466.43

The above account is approved, and I recommend its payment.

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL ARMY OF Kentucky,Bowling Green, January 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General FLOYD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Hardee to say that for the purpose of carrying out the purposes contemplated in order of this date issued by the general commanding Western Department, a copy of which has been furnished you, the following force in addition to your own bridge is placed at your disposal, viz, that portion of Brigadier-General Buckner; s division, as follows: Second Brigade, Colonel Baldwin commanding; Third Brigade, Colonel Brown commanding; First Louisiana Cavalry, Colonel Scott commanding; Second Kentucky Regiment, Colonel Hanson; two batteries of light artillery. You will give such orders in regard to the time and manner of moving this force as will, in your opinion, best secure the objects contemplated, calling on Major Smith, chief quartermaster Western Department, for transportation.

Very respectfully,

W. D. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., January 24, 1862.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: When I wrote you a few days since, amongst other things I told you of simultaneous stampedes of the Union men in the direction of Kentucky. I thought at the time that they had news from that State of which we were entirely uniformed, and forewarned our bridge officers of the necessity of increased vigilance and more guards at the exposed points on the railroads and the provision store-houses, and even suggested the removal of the stores to places of greater security. Large numbers of Tories unarmed and on foot have stealthily withdrawn from nearly all East Tennessee, and are no doubt in the enemy's service, and if the invasion of the border counties is prosecuted further these refugees will come against us; and acting as pilots through that mountain region will endanger several important points. The disaster to Zollicoffer on last Sunday you have already been informed of. The disaster of our forces engaged in that fight are returning home one by one in rapid succession, and from many of them I hear that Crittenden's whole army is perfectly demoralized and refused to serve under him,

