
traverse should be placed between every section (two guns) in order to protect the gunners from the exlosion of shells.

Second. The police of the fort is in a deplorable condition; the fifthy habits of the infantry garrison should be attended to; sinks should be provided in two or three points, and the men punished when at fault with police regulations.

Third. I would respectfully again insist upon the drill by squad by company by the whole regiment, adn ball practice once a week. This cannot be done unless the artillery corps are relieved from fatigue duty.

Fourth. The fougasses intended to protect and cover the Moscow road and the or two other points already indicated to Captain Wintter, of the sappers and miners, must be loaded at once and well protected against dampness.

Fifth. The prover way to increase the efficiency ofour fire upon the weakest point (the river) is to lenghten as much as possible our line of fire. I would propose that the following points should be selectyed as proper situations for batteries:

A. The commanding hill on the river known as Hamiston's Point, three guns-two 64-pounders and one rifled 32-pounder.

B. The flag station to cover the Mayfield and blandville road and defend the Hamilton battery, besides that to command the main ravine which otherwise might be used for a mortar battery by the enemy, one smooth-bore 32-pounder, two rifled 32-pounders.

C. I would recommend the addtion of two 64-pounders to the navy battery.

D. I would suggest the propriety of establishing a battery of heavy guns at the point now occupied by the floating battery.

E. The bend of the river established on the bluff, 350 yards nearer to Crow's Point than the farm-house on the hill. That battery, one of the most important, would prevent the enemy's gun-boats from out-flanking our position and shelling the rear and left of our camp. The heaviest caliber must be chosen of that purpose. I would suggest that Colonel Gibson's regiment be encampled around that battery, and that one of his companies should man the guns.

F. If any 32-pounder guns can be spared it would be advisable to place two on General Cheatham's line fronting on the Moscow Hill.

Sixth. The formation of the chain of hills around columbus is very peculiar. It commences on Ilamilton's Bluff and extends in a regular manner describing a semicircle and around our lines, ending at Crow's Point. The survey begun by Captain Gray will exhibit this peculiarity, of which the enemy can take advntage to establish his line of attack.

Four works of small development are necessary to render this naturally strong position impregnable, to wit:

Men

1.the battery on Hamilton's Bluff......... 120

2. A redoubt on the hill, where fougasse Numbers 5 is placed, two 6-pounders..... ............... 60

3. A redoubt, with two small lunettes on Clinton Hill, two small caliber (6-pounders)........60

4. The battery on Crow's Point (letter E) and a work large enough for 380 men (square redoubt)..380

Total......................................620

Those works being open to our fires, the enemy will not gain anything except the position if the works should be taken, and as they flank each other it must be done at a great sacrifice of life. Of course in that case the guns must be destroyed and the works blown up.

