
Seventh. The permanent occupation of Hickman by the erection of a redoubt of the hill facing the river and commanding the railroad; a battery of four 32-pounders and one battalion of infantry can hold their own until re-enforced. A gun-should ever be kept moving between that place and Columbus and back to Hickman and down to New Madrid.

Eighth. The strategic importance of Island Numbers 10 is so great hat it now becomes indispensable to occupy it strongly and permanently. I will report upon that point to the major-general commanding at an early period.

Ninth. I propose, if the major-general should allow me to do so, to report upon the position and the works erected at New Madrid, Fort Thompson, and Fort Pillow.

Tenth. During by ablsence from Columbus I would suggest that Captain A. Jackson, Jr., be placed in command of the battlion as acting colonel, Captain Sterling as acting lieutenant-colonel, and Captain Jones as acting major. These three officers are gentlemen of high tone and energy, fully up to the emergencies.

Respectfully submitted to the major-general for consideration.

J. TRUNDEAU,

Chief of Heavy Artillery.

[7.]

NEAR WHITESBURG, LETCHER COUNTY, KY.,

January 27, 1862.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 24th reached me yesterday.* In obedience to your request to report dispositions there made, I have to state that my infantry regiments are within twelve miles of the village of Whitesburg, on Rockhouse Creek and Carr's Fork of the Kentucky River, and the battalion of cavalry now under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Simms is in the vicinity. all the sick are gathered in the neighborhood, and they amount to more than 300, and are doing well, considering their exposure to rain and cold. I think it will be best to keep them under shelter until the measles and mumps have run their course. Your order is to fall back to Pound Gap. I suppose my present position to be a substantial compliance, as there is no food for man or horse nearer to Pound Gap than my present position. Major Thompson, whose battalion occupies the gap itself, informs me that he draws all his supplies some eighteen miles. I have occupied Brashearsville without opposition. The whole countrly is dependent on the salt wells at this place for salt. The Lincolnites had disturbed the manufacture, but now the manufacturing has commenced again. They can make forty bushels a day. I have here some 400 hogs to slaughter so soon as I have the salt made. There are salt wells at Whitesburg where ten bushels per day can be made. I mention these facts because they are of military importance as connected with subsistence. I await your letter by Captain Wade, who has not yet arrived. My views and hopes and wishes were fully communicated heretofore to you. Since I last wrote, Doctor Butler informs me that Captain Cluke, of Clark County, is on the march with 100 cavalry for my headquarters. This is a well-drilled corps, it is said. Captain John Scott has arrived from Carroll County with the information that the young men in my neighborhood at home have organized a regiment of cavalry and are ready to join me so soon as

---------------

* See VOL. VII, p. 57.

---------------

