
[CHAP. LXIV.

VII. Company commanders will make a report at once of the number and condition of all public arms and accounterments in the possession of their companies, accompanied by a requiseion to cover deficiencies. Captains of those companies that have supplies themselves with arms and accouterments at their own expence will also make similar reports, that ammunition may be prepared for their future use. They will also state what uniform, if any, they have adopted.

VIII. Company commanders will muster their companies every two months, commencing the last day of April next, transmitting one copy of the muster - roll to the adjutant - general. Monthly company returns will be made on the 1st day of every month to the adjutant of the regiment. Until further orders one of these returns will be made direct to these headquarters. [See Army Regulations.]

IX. It is earnestly enjoined upon all the officers of the division to seize every opportunity to instruct themselves and their commands in all things that may tend to give them efficiency in the field, in the march, in camp, or in battle.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major - General, Mississippi Army.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, March 13, 1861.

BLANTON DUNCAN,

Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: Your letter of the 6th instant desiring to know whether or not this Government will receive into its service a regiment of Kentuckians coommanded by you, or by some gentleman under whim you would be willing to serve as lieutenant - colonel, has just been transferred to this Department by Attorney - General Benjamin, to whom it was addressed. Should it be ordained to at the differences now existing between the Confederate States of amarica and the Federal Government are to be determined by the stern arbitrament of the sword, and could the necessary arrangements be effected without distrurbing the friendly relations bewteen your State and this Government, the latter would unhesitatingly and cheerfully avail itself of the services of yourself and the gallant Kentuckians whom your propose to command, and do si, too, in the manner indicated by you, but until this question of war is fully settled it is impossible for me to give a more definite answer to your patriotic proposition.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, March 16, 1861.

A. R. WRIGHT,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Captain G. W. Lee's company will be received and msutered into service at Pensacola, to which place they will proceed. Transportation will be settled here.

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

