
he returns to them. His mission to me was to ascertain if I could furnish arms. They have been disarmed. Captain Scott is one of my staunchest friends, and a most reliable gentleman. It is his opinion that if I could penetrate to Lexington I could raise a very large force. He says the consternation of the Unionists when I moved forward was absolutely ludiscrous, and he says nothing is in my way now but 1,200 troops at Lexington. The snow is on the ground now about three to four inches deep. My men must now suffer gathering and shucking corn in the fields. They have no gloves and few blankets or overcoats.

I forward herewith the resignation of Major Richard Hawes as commissary of brigade, which I recommend for your aceptance. Now I have neither commissary nor quartermaster of brigae. I would recommend Robert Darling, now at Nashville, as a person to be appointed brigade commissary, provided I knew he will accept. I have not consuleted him. When Major Hawes leavves me (which he proposed to do the 1st of February) I would be glad to have an opportunity to look around me before any one is appointed to an office so respensible. Could not some officer be assigned to me temporarily? Your instructions by Captain Wade will have an important bearing on this matter, and I will make a nomination. Captain Tipton, who was my aide-de-camp, finding his private business interfering with his duties, has declined and has gone home. I have to request, therefore, that the commision to him shall be suspended or recalled, or his resignation accepted to take effect January 23, 1862. His duties were entered upon the 23rd of November, 1861. Mr. Jenkins is now acting temporarily as my aide, and I presume will be entitled to the pay for the time he may be so employed. I will nominate and aide hereafter when I shall know the person suits me.

I am, truly, &amp;c.,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General.

The enemy has never advanced beyond Paintsville.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 4, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

QARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Send an officer to General Marshall and send some blankets for his troops, and inform Adjutant-General what quantity is wanted.

[J. P. BENJAMIN.]

[Third indorsement.] QARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 6, 1862.

Fifteen hundred great coats, 1,500 blankets, 1,500 pairs shoes have been sent to General Marshall.

Respectfully,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[7.]

