
CAMP BEAUREGARD, January 27, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant, Columbus, Ky.:

SIR: Since I wrote last I have learned that Colonel Gibson's brigade and Captain Jackson's battery did not follow me, and General Alcorn's orders requiring him to proceed with his command to Union City, I have concluded to return to Columbus to-morrow. I would return directly were it not that we made a forced and repid march, and many of the men are so fatigued and foot-sore that it would be impossible for them to march any considerable distance without giving out. I will be at Moscow to-morrow by 2 o'clock with my brigade. No news has been received this morning from the enemy, and we have no apprehension of being pursued. I shall wait for transportation at Moscow unless I receive orders to the contrary from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. RUSSELL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

P. S.-Since writing the above a scout has come in and reported no enemy between here and Mayfied. General Alcorn will leave this afternoon, and says he will have everything safe, so that it will be unnecessary for me to remain longer. I shall leave this afternoon, instead of waiting unitl to-morrow, and will expect transportation at Moscow early to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. M. R.,

Colonel.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL ARMY OF Kentucky,Bowling Green, January 28, 1862.

General JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding, Russellville:

GENERAL: It is certain from information received that the enemy which left Paducah has returned. It may be the intention of General Buell to re-enforce the command at South Carrollton, and in this view if it be practicable for you to move again that place it ought to be done promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

'

[7.]

AN ACT to aid the State of Kentucky, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to issue to the State of Kentucky, upon the application of the Governor and council of the provisional government of said State, them sun of $2,000,000 in Treasury notes, to be expended by said Governor and council in raising and organizing for the Confederate service troops in said State, supplying the same with clothing, subsistence, transportation, arms, and ammunition.

SEC. 2. The sum appropriated by the first section of this act is to be drawn from the Treasury of the Confederate States by the Governor of Kentucky, with the approval of the President of the Confederate

