
States, from time to time, and in such sums as the Governor of Kentucky may need to carry out the objects of this appropriation, the Governor filing, before making his requisition upon the Treasury, with the Secretary of War, estimates showing the purposes and objects to which said sums of money are to be applied.

Approved January 29, 1862.

[7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 25. Richmond, January 31, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. The designation of the hereinafter-named regiments (they being composed of companies from different States) are changed as follows: Colonel John B. Villepigue's Thirty-sixth Georgia to be known as the First Confederate Regiment; Colonel J. D. Martin's Twenty-fifth Mississippi to be known as the Second Confederate Regiment; Colonel J. S. Marmaduke's Eighteenth Arkansas to be know as the Third Confederate Regiment.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, February 3, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

SIR: I deem it to be my duty to call the attention of the Department to the condition of the command at this post. I have addressed a communication to General Crittenden on the subject, but his great distance from, us and his inability with the force he has to render us any assistance will, I hope, be deemed a sufficient apology for thus addressing you. Since the defeat of our forces at Fishing Creek the command here is very much isolated and exposed to attack, both in front and in rear. There is a report, though not entirely reliable, of a movement of the enemy to the number of 22,000 toward East Tennessee by way of this gap. To meet such a force we have two regiments of infantry with an aggregate strength of 1,200 men; one battalion of cavalry, numbering 200 men, and one company of artillery. The artillery, company is small in numbers, and with little experience and indifferent drill. To man the guns we have would require at least two full companies of artillery, and to fill the chain of rifle-pits would require four or five regiments of infantry. With the force we have we can and will make a determined resistance, but I give it as my opinion in advance that against such a force as is reported to be preparing to move upon us we cannot hold the place. With the addition of two or three regiments of infantry and one company of artillery, we can did defiance to any force with which we are at all likely to be assailed.

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES E. RAINS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[7.]

