
AN ACT making appropriations for the payment of certain interest due, severally, to the banks at Memphis on advances made by the to Major General Leonidas Polk, for the benefit of the public service.

Whereas, it appreas from the communication of the President of the Confederate States of America, of the 11th of January, 1862, that the following sums are respectively due to certain banks in the city of Menphis, Tenn., for interest due on certain moneys by them advanced to Major General Leonidas Polk, for the interest of the public service, viz: Bank of West Tennessee, $1,300.66; Branch of State Bank, $664, and Planters' Bank, $690,83, amount8ng in the aggregate to the sum of $6,466.43, the account of which, as being due to said banks, respectively, as above set forth, is approved by Major General Leonidas Polk, and its payment recommended by himself and the Secretary of War: Therefore,

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there be appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise the sum of $6,466.43; which said sum shall be distributed by the Secretary of the Treasury amongst said several banks, respectively, in accordance with the amounts so shown to be due to them by the foregoing statement.

Approved February 3, 1862.

[7.]

FORT DONELSON, February 4, 1862-4,05 p. m.

(Received 5th.)

General FLOYD:

Gun-boats and transports in Tennessee River. Enemy landing in force five miles below Fort Henry.

TILGHMAN.

[7.]

MOBILE, February 6, 1862.

President DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: As a special favor to me I must ask you to read and act upon this letter without delay. I inclose a copy of an order issued by General Bragg.* Of the troops recently in my command here, consisting of six regiments and two battalions, two of the regiments were assigned to me by the Secretary of War at the time you did me the favor to appoint me a brigadier-general, viz, the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Regiments [Alabama] The fourtheenth Regiment and the Seventeenth Regiment, which were also assigned to me, were ordered, the one to Virginia and the other to Pensacola. These regiments were just organized and were unarmed whem assigned to me. I had authority, however, from the War Office to arms them if possible, and have succeeded in arming the Nineteenth and in arming about half of the Eighteenth, with the certainty of being able in a few days to complete its armament. I had no atimation whatever that the order referred to was to be issued. By it I am entirely separtaed from the troops whose confidence and attachment I possessed, and am sent into the interior

---------------

* Paragraphs 2 and 3, General Orders, Numbers 23, Department of Alabasma and West Florida. See Volume VI, p. 815.

---------------

