
where the enemy can never by possibility penetrate, and where there is an unarmed cavalry regiment and a few companies of unarmed infantry. This disposition had to be made of me in order to gime this command to General Gladden, as I ranked him by seniority. The only service I can possibly render at Montgomery will be to play we nurse to Major Vogdes, General Bragg's solitary prisoners of war. Your own manhood would justify me in immediately tendering my resignation. But I appeal to your sense of justice, that rave virtue which you possess in a pre-eminent degree, with implicit condfidence that you will not permit me to be thus disgraced. I do not say that this was General Bragg's motive. I will not by possibility so asperse any man's fair name without knowledge of the fact. But this is the effect on me in the eyes of the country. You gave me this position, as I believe and know, because your were my friend, and I feel that you will not permit me to be thus treated. I shall therefore go to Montgomery in obedience to this order and await your action in the perfect faith assured to me by every atribute of your nature that you will see me righted without delay.

With great respect, your friend,

L. P. WALKER.

[6.]

MOBILE, February 6, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Without warning I have been removed from the command of the troops here and sent to Montgomery, Ala., by order of General Bragg, a compy of which is inclosed.* I have expressed myself fully to the President in a letter this day written to him. You know the circumstances under which I came here, and why the troops assigned to my command were temporarily turned over to General Bragg. I have never doubted that you would order me to Kentucky whem these troops were armed, as you have more than once assured me you would do. General Bragg knew this fact, for I so informed him. This could only be prevented by separating me from the brigade and transferring in to General Gladden, who was promoted at his request. I am not only left without a command, to be rediculed and laughed at by those who do not hesitate to do more than ridicule yourself, by am sent into the interior with a sure tenure upon life, without insurance, safe against every danger, where the enemy would never think to go, and if he did, where there would be no troops to command. No honorable man would dare to hould such a position a day beyond your approval of this order. I have not the presumption to ask that the necessities of the service shall be made to yield either to my wishes or my conve justified, both by our official and personal relations, to ask for justice at your hands. I do not waver in the belief that you will render it promptly and fully. The brigade which was assigned to my command has been disintegrated. I do not ask you to reunite it. There are, nevertheless, two regiments here attached to me by the strongest ties, and Nineteenth, commanded by Colonel Wheeler, and the Twentieth, commanded by Colonel Garrott. I ask it as an act of justice that your order me to Kentucky, either to Bowling Green or Columbus, and that you permit these regiments to go

---------------

* See Vo. VI, p. 815.

---------------

