
with me. My condition is such as to warrant me in the hope that you will not delay action in the premises.

I am, dear sir, very truly,

L. P. WALKER.

[6.]

BOWLING GREEN, February 6, 1862.

General FLOYD:

Fort Henry has fallen, says Colonel Head, commanding Fort Donelson. Bridge over Tennessee destroyed, says telegraph operator. You had better keep yourself informed of the state of affairs in Clarksville through General Pilow, as you move.

For General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. CENTRAL ARMY OF Kentucky,

Bowling Green, February 7, 1862.

General T. C. HINDMAN,

Commanding Advance Forces:

GENERAL: It is desirable that you should at once send all your sick and baggage here. The loss of the Tennessee River and the probable loss of the Cumberland renders our position here not so formidable, and it may be necessary for us to change front. Talk loudly of an advance as the only means of extricating us, that is, if you talk at all hazards and to the last extremity. I suppose, of course, the enemy has heard of the fall of Henry. You had better draw nearer to us; not nearer than Oakland.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

[7.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Mobile, Ala., February 8, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I find nothing special here require a report, but a few remarks on the condition of affairs may be of use and interest to the Department. The necessity for the removal of Brigadier-General Walker from a position in which he was doing no good and so much harm is mroe apparent than ever. My order for the establishment of his headquarters with his troops in cam some twelve from the city, given some time before my visit here in December, has never been obeyed. The brigade of 6,000 men has had no head, no organization, no instruction, and no discipline. Drunkenness and demoralization have been the consequence. In this matter Brigadier-General Withers is not blamesell, but I deem any further action unnecessary at present, as a very marked change has taken place since the arrival of Brigadier-General Gladden. The commands at the forts, thanks to Colonel Powell, are much improved, and I feel sufficient confidence in those now to enable me to devote more means to a line of interior defense for the city, to be used in the event of the enemy's gun-boats getting into the Bay of

