
Mobile. By reference to the chart it will be seem how readily lightdraft boats with good pilots and a daring commander might run the gauntel at night, thus menacing the city and cutting off our water communication with the forts. Several additions have been projected to the slight defenses already throiwn up for this interior line. All my resoures, however, are utterly inadequate to the full accomplishment of the object. A battery is necessary, too, at the town of Blakely to prevent a passage around in that direction, by which our communication might be intercepted with Pensacola and Montgomery. Some menas will be drawn again from Pensacola, with necessity only will justify. If the requisition for guns made a month ago on the Ordance Department could be filled we should be comparatively secure. I give the enemy more credit for prudence that to suppose he will attempt a land attack here as long as we have free connection with Pensacola. A glance at the entrance of the bay of Mobile will show the disadvantages under which we labor there from distance. Efforts are being made, but with only slight hopes of success, to obtain means to locate a floating battery on the middle ground there. I would, however, recommend the immediate construction of a work midway between Forts Morgan and Gines capable of mounting six or eight guns. It could be done rapidly and cheaply by piling and earth-work, using the labor of troops, and would serve as the basis of a future work of importance for the defense of this harbor. Captain Randholph, C. S. Navy, has arrived and will no doubt remove the difficulties heretofore existing in that branch of the service. Telegraphic dispatches from sources entitled to confidence inform me a naval expedition of some twenty-five light-draft gun-boats is on its way to attack this point. We shall use all diligence to be ready.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

[6.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, Ky., February 8, 1862.

General HARDEE,

Commanding Bowling Green:

General Johnston directs you to order Brigadier-General Floyd to send a battery to [re]port to Brigadier-General Pillow at Clarksville. Tenn.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

BOWLING GREEN, February 8, 1862.

General FLOYD:

Although the employment of your forces after arriving at Clarksville has been left to your discretion, I deem it proper that you ascertain whether the enemy will hold his force to attack Fort Donelson in conjunction with gun-boats or move them against Clarksville direct.

W. W. MACKALL.

