
masses are either hostile or neutral. If Floyd or even Colonel Vaugh was here to issue orders and get us organized we can do something to repel a small invading force. As it is, we cannot see what to do or where to go. Do have some efficient and enterprising officer sent here at once and re-enforcements and private citizens can form a nucleus around which we can rally. I have not the first doubt of your ultimate succes, but this valley, these railroads, it seems to me, ought to be specially guarded. God is on our side, but the instrumentality of man is to be resorted to also.

In haste, your obedient servant,

J. G. M. RAMSEY.

[Indorsement.]

Acknowledge. Assure that all and more than is suggested has been directed, of which he will be further advised by Secretary of War.

Secretary of War for feply.

J. D.

[7.]

FORT DONELSON, February 8 [10.], 1862.

General FLOYD:

I reached this place in time to walk through the work before dark. The works are not completed, or do I consider them well conceived. But I find them fully as well prepared for defense as I expected. I will push everything with all the energy I can command. The trouble is the wand of everything-tools, lumber, and the necessary equi8pments of the artillery from the iperfect examination of the ground and its urrondings I feel very confident of holding it against an assault by infantry, and if I am allowed time to complete the works and mount all the guns I have confidence in being able to resist an attack of their gun-boats if they are vulnerable to all metal. The enemy are reported in strong force both sides of the Tennessee River and on the road approaching this place. He still occupies Fort Henry and holds Tilghman there yet. Their body of infantry is still below Fort Henry. It is said by scouts and citizens that there aretwo gun-boats eight or ten miles below here. It is absolutely necessary for the health of the troops that their tents shall be pushed forward as rapidly as possible, and I shall stand in great need of General Buckner. Will your order him down as early as possible. I will communicate more fully to-morrow, and advise you by telegram via Cumberland City and courties frequently that you may keep General Johnston well informed of our condition and wants.

Your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[7.]

FORT DONELSON, [February 10,] 1862-9 o'clock.

Brigadier-General FLOYD:

I have reached this place and find everything quiet. Enemy said to be [in] force on Tennessee River, and two gun-boats ten miles below. I have written you.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General.

[7.]

