SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 4. Montgomery, March 18, 1861.

I. Colonel William J. Hardee, of the First Regiment of Infantry, is assigned to the command of Fort Morgan, Ala, to which he will proceed without delay.

II. The following officers are assigned to duty at Fort Morgan, Ala., whither they will repair without delay and report to Colonel Hardee, the commendingt officetr, viz: First Lieutenant Francis A. Shoup and First Lieutenant Charles P. Ball, of the corps of artillery.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,Adjutant - General.

[1.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

MY DEAR SIR: Several gentlemen not connected with the Government, byt who are in the way of getting reliable intelligence, and whom I have always found better informed then any one of my acquaintance, tell me today that they have information which satisfied them the Governmetn here means to re - enforce Fort Pickens. These gentlemen have not confined in their sources of information, but I have the highest confidence in their facilities ofr getting information, and I attach great weight to what they tell me. Their belief is that the re - enforcement will take place soon. I am aware that there is an engagement to the contrary on the part of this Government, but I do not place any reliance on their promises. They will find some excuse for a violation of the stipulation. I feel very sure they would not hesitate to make all ready to throw in troops t the very hour of the expiration of the time during which they may have bound themselves not to re - enforce. I am incliined to think the Texas troops will eb sent po a point whence they can be conveniently and speedily aent to Pensacola, and so, too, the New York vessels which lately sailed with Government troops on board. It is idle to supplose all those troops were intended for the Tortugas and key West forts. One of the lpossible steps of this Government may by to dirext vessels at sea with troops to make the harbor of Pensacola by a given night and land men and munitions at Fort Pickets. I have conversed briefly with Mr. Crawford today, and mentioned to him what I had learned. He evidently relies more on the faith of this Administration than I do, but told me he should request Mr. Forsuth to incorporate the matter in his dispatch tonight. I beg to make this suggestion: When the first step of occupying Fort Pickens was taken by the united States the orders were sent down by a special messenger and also by a telegraph in cipher. the telegraph left here in the night, and jwas sopped at Mobile or montgomery by our friends. I gave the fact early next day to the Florida delegation, but the special messenger went through, delivered his message to Lieutenant Slemmer, and thus we lost Fort Pickens. It seems to me this teaches an obvious precaution - to out off all coommunication of every description bewteen the U. S. troops and ships and the shore. No one should be suffered to pass our lines, by this mode the Governmetn would have to make its moves to re - enforcement in such a mode as possibly to admit of their cheecked in season.

I have the honor to remain, very truly, yours,

L. Q. WASHINGTON.

[1.]

