
GLADESVILLE, VA., February 11, 1862.

[General J. E. JOHNSTON:]

DEAR GENERAL: Your very kind letter came to hand on yesterday, and I hasten to answer it. You will receive my kindest thatnks for your interest manifested for me in Richmond, and you may rest assured that I shall never forget it. Bradley's and Tipton's commission have come to hand. Their recommendations were sent Castlewood on General Marshall's way to the Pound. My recommendation was not sent until his arrival at the Pound. I saw the recommendation myself. I hope before this time the Department has issued mine. Please call and see. They enemy are now in force at Piketon-about 6,000. They have come up in steam-boats of a larger class than has navigated the Sandy before. They have brought up provisions for 10,000 men for seventy days, horses, wagons, &amp;c., enough for an inland expedition, and I am satisfied they intend making a demonstration on Pound Gap, within the next ten days. Our spies came in last night and reported all the facts. In our present condition I think is the darkest day of our existence as an army. I have been with it (as you know) from its organization, and never have doubnet, until now, of our ability to repel the foe. The battle of Middle Creek has taught the enemy not to attack us with anything like an equal force, as you know in that fight they were five to one, and I am confident from all I can see and learn their force will be 10,000 when they shall march again, and I ask you as a military man, how can our small, starved force meet such an enemy? Colonel Williams is at our old camp, near Ribinson's at Pound [Gap]. He events were passing around. He says the ragamuffins are ready and willing to dispute every inch of ground from Pound Gap to Abingdon. General Marshall, I think, looks danger in the face with as much composure and coolness as any man I ever saw. He is certainly one of the finest military men in the Confederacy. His troops love him dearly, and will at any and all times make a galant fight under him, but we feel this line has been neglected, for some cause, by the Department. I am the last man to complain. I will make this prediction: If we are not soon re-enforced the Yankees will be in Virginia and the railroad will be taken at some point. General Johnston, we must have 10,000 men on this line or we will all go to the devil. Some persons think the enemy will approach Virginia by the way of Levica Fork to Wytheville, but I think all the indications go to prove they are coming this route. Our men are suffering very much for the want of provisions- many of them sick. Colonel Williams had at one time 394 of his command down at one time, and that was on our march from Middle Creek to Whitesburg. I had nothing but a few old wagons without covers, and some sixty old broken down horses to transport them on. It rained every day on us during the march, and that in torrents, and strange to say we have only lost two men. The Virginia regiments were more unfortunate. I hope you will urge the Department the necessity of doing something for us, and that at once. Colonels Trigg's and Moore's regiment are at or near Castewood. They are farther from Pound Gap than the Yankees are. This is consequence of the difficulty of obtaining supplies. The roads are nearly impassable for wagons, and I think our supplies must be brought to us on pack horses or mules, if the Government intends us to occupy this position. John T. Ratcliffe, or Carter County, has just come in with a new company of 100 men; that company is Company A, of a new regiment. If they can get out, more will be [sent] to us by spring, and your friends intend you to command, so says Colonel Williams [sic]. I hope you will get Colonel

