
MEMPHIS, TENN., [February] 18, 1862.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Fort Donelson has fallen and Nashville will fall into hands of Federals. No stand can be made there. Give me your plans. I will rally all the Tennesseeans possible and go with them myself to our army.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[Indorsement.]

B. N. H [ARRISON]: File.

J. D.

[7.]

CLARKSVILLE, February 19, 1862.

General J. B. FLOYD:

Gun-boats coming; they are just below point; can see steamer here. Will try and see how many troops they have before I leave. Lieutenant Brady set bridge on fire, but it is burning very slowly and will probably go out before it falls.

W. H. ALLEN.

Any orders for me? Answer me promptly, if you please, for next ten minutes, as I will have to go in a hurry when I go.

[7.]

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., February 19, 1862.

General BEAUREGARD,

Columbus, Ky.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Great troubles are upon us, and our recent disasters may compel you to fall back upon Columbus. I seems to me that we can only preserve the unity of the Confederacy by withdrawing our forces the Potomac and the sea board and gulf to protect the communication between Memphis and Virginia. The Kentucky line of defense having been lost, the Memphis and Charleston Railroad must be defended at all hazard. This road is the vertebrae of the Confederacy, and the enemy having the control of the Tennessee River from its mouth to this point, can in a week threaten the road from Eastport within eight mils, and Hamburg in twenty-two miles, with a large army. The whole people, both along tyhe line of the road and the river, are in great consternation, and unless something is speedily done to allay the excitement and inspire confidence there is danger, should the enemy appear in any ofrce, that the country will be abandoned to his occupation. I have been ordered to take charge of the defenses of the Upper Tennessee and the Memphis and Charleston road. Now what I desire to say it this, should it be your purpose to fall back from Columbus: I am greatly in need of heavy guns, and it has occurred to me, should this possibility become a reality, that you might send me some for batteries on the river. Just now it is impossible for me to get them out form Richmond, and unless you can in part supply my needs I can make little or no progress against the enemy's approach up the river. If nothing more could be done, you might send me two firfled 32-pounders. My dear general, I have an abiding confidence in your courage, ability, fortitude, and luck. The whole country looks up to you as a forlorn hope. Your name is a tower of strength, and I believe that God has destined you as the special instrument in His hands to work out our salvation.

