
May His omniscience direct and His infinite goodness preserve you, is the earnest prayer of your friend,

L. P. WALKER.

[7.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., February 19, 1862.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I have ordered out every man in the State who is or who can be armed, but have heretofore gleaned the State for arms. Can you aid me in arming the force of the State? Railroad ordered to hold itself in readiness to transport largest number of troops.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[7.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., February 24, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

DEAR SIR: Your of the 22nd instant* was handed me by your brother yesterday. No time or expense will be spared to raise troops. I could send you companies and squads of men rapidly; if I wait to organize them into regiments weeks must elapse before any considerable force can be sent. Two regiments are now assembling at Meridian, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, which I will sent as soon as ready for the march. I regret that I cannot speak with certainty of the time re-enforcements can reach you from this State. The people are much excited ane ready to sacrifice anything necessary for success. There will be no difficulty in raising men, but arms, camp equipage, &amp;c., are almost exhausted. Could you not order camp equipage and supplies to Corinth and grenada in time to meet the troops order to rendezvous there? Seven regiments for the war are now being organized into companies to assemble at those points. The Secretary of War has promised to arm them, and on his compliance with that promise we mainly rely for the arms for the troops now being raised. I am collecting double-barreled shoutguns and hunting rifles to make up any deficiency. If you can suggest any means of geeting more arms or hastening them on from Richmond you would greatly facilitate the re-enforcements. You may rely on anything I can do to make successful your plans. You shall hear from me soon. In the meantine advise me of any change in affairs. This is sent by a messenger.

Respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 44. Richmond, February 24, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Colonel J. F. Fagan's First Regiment Arkansas Volunteers will rendezvous at Memphis, Tenn., on the 15th of March next. The colonel of the regiment will report thence to General Albert Sidney Johnston, commanding Department Numbers 2.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[7.]

---------------

* See VOL. VII, p. 899, Confidential Circular, dated February 21, 1862.

---------------

