
[CHAP. LXIV.

MONTGOMERY, March 20, 1861.

J. W. ZACHARIE,

New Orleans:

I am requested by the Secretary of War to request you to furnish transportation immediately for as many of the Louisiana Zouaves as are eady to leave forthwith for Pensacola. The funds are in the hands of Captain John M. Galt, now on his way to New Orleans, and he will pay you any advance you may have to make. If Colonel A. C. Myers is in New Orleans you need not act, but transfer this dispatch it him to be executed. The Secretary of War sends dispatch to Colonel Myers, but is not sure that he is in New Orleans. Act instantly.

J. P. BENJAMIN.

[1.]

TALLAHAUSSEE, March 22, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

I will send the regiment to Pensacola as soon as possible. Do you expect me to arm them?

Respectfully,

M. S. PERRY.

[1.]

NEW YORK, March 23, 1861.

J. R. HARRIS, Esq.:

MY DEAR SIR: A shipowner, who owns ships in our lines, and who is a shipbuilder and perfectly reliable in every way, has a new vessel which he has just loaned fro the Government to take building materials to the Government told him he wished to charker another vessel to take arms and ammunition to Pensacola, adn offered to guarantee the safety of the vessel under convoy. This biulder owns in brig General bailey one - eight interest, I believe, and he wanted to know what we thought of chartering that vessel. We of course replied no, on no terms. My object in writing you is that you may give notice, if you choose to do so, of the intentions of the sly Government rescals to re - enforce Fort Pickens. This you can do, as you know the informatin I give you is true. I feel ineasy, seeing the Government is willing to plunge the country in civil war and will take any underhanded means on the sly. If you had Fort Pickens I should feel easier, and fear the longer the effort to take it is postponed the more dangerous and difficult it will be; and still I would rather not advise and attack, but wait, for they have to back down in tehend and acknowledge the Southern Confederate.

J. L. S [MALLWOOD].

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, March 23, 1861.

Governor M. S. PERRY,

Tallahaussee, Fla.:

Would be very glad if you can arm the troops without delay. Their early presence at Pensacola greatly deisred.

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

