
I approve of the general outline of the plan of defending the Mississippi Valley suggested by Mr. Withers, leaving the details to be caried out by competent officers, and earnestly recommend that it be carefully considered by the military authorities.

C. M. CONRAD.

We regard the within suggestion as highly important, and hope they will command the earnest attention of the Administration.

A. H. GARLAND,

GRANDISON D. ROYSTON,

THOMAS B. HANLY,

F. I. BATSON,

Arkansas.

We concur in the foregoing suggestions, and beg leave respectfully to commend them to the favorable consideration of the President.

E. BARKSDALE,

J. W. CLAPP,

J. J. McRAE,

O. R. SINGLETON,

R. DAVIS,

Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The recommendation, so far as of practical execution, seems to be identical with the plan adopted.

J. D.

[7.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 4, 1862.

Honorable E. BARKSDALE AND OTHERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

DEAR SIR: The paper you handed to me on the defencses of the Mississippi presents confirmation of the views on which the Government has been acting as far as practicable. It has no doubt occurred to you and others indorsing the paper of Mr. Withers that earth-works without guns and garrison would be useles, if not injurious. The suggestion to get iron and stimulate foundries seems like mockery to those who have not only tried the method to, but others which the writer seems not to have thought of. There are practical difficulties in casting guns not generally understood, and the disregard of which would result in making guns which would be more dangerous to those who use them than to the enemy. If it is supposed by the plan of successive withdrawal that the armament of a fort when unable longer to resist the enemy's gun-boats could be removed to a work lower down the river, I confess myself ingnorant of the mothold by which that would be accomplished. The lettery, with its indorsements, will be referred to the War Department. The executive of the Confederate Government wants many things more than the zeal and energy which Mr. Withers suggests as a remedy for apprehend evils.

Very sincerely, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[7.]

