
where I am to command and give me a force able to do sumething really useful. I should prefer Kentucky to any other field of enterprise, and to attack the Union men is to defend here. You will take my idea. I could present it much better to you in an hour's conversation were I permitted to see you for a short time, but I have asked leave and no notice has been taken of my application, which is tantamout to refusal. Pardon me for recapitulating-first, matrial law over Virginia in this section north of the railroad; second, compulsory conscription of the people for defense, with leave to call out the militia expressly extended to the general commanding geographical division; third, 10,000 men here.*

Your friend and wisher of your good fortune,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General.

[10.]

DECATUR, March 9, 1862.

General B. R. JOHNSTON:

Come here at once prepared to take the field.

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Memphis, Tenn., March 12, 1862.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Under orders from General Polk certain companies are being organized in this city for local defense. Under the State laws all persons in the service of the Confederate Government are exempt from duty in the militia. The organization of the said local companies is made upon agreement of service in the city alone. The call of the Governor recently made upon the militia has had a tendency to swell these home companies. In view of which, and as it is evidently an effort to escape the real duties of the hour, it is suggested that the order to receive such local companies be accompanied with instructions that the Confederate authorities reserve the right to order such companies to such points on the approaches to Memphis as may be necessary to its defense. Those who are unwilling to accept such service should be mustered out of service and be held subject to the militia law. As at present managed there is reason to believe that it is too easy a berth. The suggestion is made with the protestation of the Governor of his entire willingness to co-operate in any measure adopted by the Confederate authorities for the public defense.

Resepctfully,

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Adjutant-General State of Tennessee.

[10.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, March 14, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The completion of the iron-plated sloops of war being constructed at Memphis, Tenn., is of great importance in the defenses of the Mississippi, but they will be delayed for many months unless mechanics

---------------

* See Davis to Marshall, VOL. X, Part II, p. 321.

---------------

