
can be detailed from the army to work on them. General Polk has been applied to for them in vain, and I respectfully submit to you the expediency of giving an order at once to detail as many men as can work on them until their completion. They are vastly superior vessels to any the enemy has one the Western waters. If the commanding general at Memphis were order to facilitate this important work we could launch the first vessel in a few weeks, and they would be of more service than an army of 20,000 men could be.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Beauregard.

The President urges immediate action, and the great importance of the detail within recommended.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[10.]

KNOXVILLE, March 14, 1862.

General FLOYD:

You will report with all your available force immediately at Knoxville. Bring ammunition. Answere.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[10.]

KNOXVILLE, March 15, 1862.

General J. B. FLOYD:

Remain at Chattanooga until further orders, holding troops ready to move.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.

[10.]

KNOXVILLE, [March] 16, [1862.]

Brigadier General J. B. FLOYD:

Bring your command as soon as possible upon such cars you can control.

E. KIRBY SMITH.

[10.]

DECATUR, March 16, 1862.

General FLOYD,

Chattanooga:

MY DEAR GENERAL: You already know by the papers the proceedings at Richmond in regard to the fall of Donelson, and the papers sent by this mais inform you of the course of the President and Congress. General Pillow has made a supplemental report.* General Johnston is also ordered to make one in regard to specific inquiries. It will be necessary for him to have a report from you of the transactions between the time he left you in command at Nashville, to bring up stores and blow up the bridges, and until you arrived at Murfreesborough.# He requests me to ask you to prepare it and send it on

---------------

* Se VOL. VII, p. 285.

---------------

# Ibid, pp. 270,427.

