
immediately. These things are perplexing at this time, when every energy is required for honor and success, and when Johnston is making a most hazardous and daring move to unite with Beauregard and save the Valley; yet the Government, I suppose, is forced to go into it. I regret exceedingly that I had not persistend in getting you to go on to Richmond immediately. First impressions and right impressions are everything. Your intelligence would have answered the critics of the House. If you need your telegrams send on to me if you haven't copies, and I will send them. A battle seems not far distant. The chances are for one, bloody and decisive, between Corinth and Jackson, toward Bolivar, covering Memphis. Johnston and Breckinbridge are well.

Your friend and kinsman,

W. PRESTON.

P. S.- Prepare the report in relation to the official inquiries from the Secretary of War immediately and send them on, as General Johnston waits for them. General Pillow has already finished his response. Make separe reports, one in reference to Donelson, the other embracing events as Nashville and till you reported at Murfreesborough.

W. P.

[7 and 10]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., March 17, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It is possible to get a few thousland muskets of rifles from recent importations or otherwise to put into the hands of my war regiments now raising? We are badly needing these arms on the coast for the defense of Pensacola and Mobile both, where I am re-enforcing by sending a number of war troops to camp, as well as troops for limited service. An early answer is respectfully requested.

Your obedient servant,

John GILL SHORTER.

[6.]
HDQRS. FIRST GRAND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Humboldt, March 17, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I perceive that General Halleck and General Cullum have made their reports of the evacuation of Columbus to their Government, and that they have been published to the world. These reports are inflated, do injustice to truth, and are intended toact upon and influence the world's mind. I hope our own War Department will give to us equal opportunity of setting that mind right by giving publicity to our statement of the facts. I have sent forward to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office my official report of that evacuation, which differs very materially from the reports of the gentlemen above named.* I hope it will be promptly published.

L. POLK,

Major-General.

[7.]

---------------

* See VOL. VII, p. 437.

---------------

