HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Decatur, Ala., March 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General BRECKINRIDGE:

You will proceed with your infantry and artillery by rail to Corinth to-morrow morning at such hours as transportation can be ready. Major Smith, chief quartermaster, will inform you of the hour. Your wagons, unloaded or lightened, will, with your artillery horses, escorted by McNairy's battalion, to be furnished by General Crittenden, proceed as soon as you can start them by Tuscumbia and Jacinto to Corinth, where they will join you. Take ten days' rations for your men.

By command of General Johnston:

H. P. BREWSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The command will be ready to move at an early hour (say one hour after sunrise), but without striking tents until further orders. Ammunition, tents, necessary baggage, and cooking untensils will be carried on the cars.

By command of General Breckinridge:

GEO. B. HODGE.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

IUKA, March 22, 1862.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Burnsville:

What do you know of the enemy? Am credibly informed that they are ten or twelve miles due north of you, and moving toward you.

Answer immediately.

CRITTENDEDN,

Major-General.

[10.]

AN ACT to provide for the further defense of the Bay of Mobile and the Alabama River.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact. That the sum of $1,200,000 is hereby appropriated for the fruther defense of the Bay of Mobile and the Alabama River, to be expended, at the discretion of the President, by the Secretary of the Navy; and that the disbursement of said money shall be made in the manner provided by law for appropriations for the Navy.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the President is hereby authorized to raise a corps for the temporary and special servce provided for in the first section of this act in the Bay of Mobile and the Alabama River, consisting of a number of men, not exceeding 6,000, and of such commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and of such rank, as the President may deem necessary, who shall severally receive such pay and allowances as he may determine.

Approved March 24, 1862.

[6.]

19 R R-VOL LII, PT II

