
TALLAHAUSSEE, FLA., March 23, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I can arm the regiment with U. S. muskets, percussion lock, or with Maynard rifles, 150 Mississippi rifles iclusive. Which do you prefer?

Respectfully,

M. S. PERRY.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, March 24, 1861.

Governor M. S. PERRY,

Tallahaussee, Fla.:

Arm with U. S. muskets, percussion caps.

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

KEY WEST, FLA., March 25, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate State of America:

HONORED SIR: Deeming it the duty of every true Southern man who possesses information which may be of importance to the weltare of our country, I take the liberty of informing you that the steam - ship Daniel Webster arrived here with 300 U. S. regular troops from Texas this evening, in transit to New York, as I am infrormed. After landing a quantity of artillery and sundries and taking in coal, she is to proceed North, I learn, in a few hours. The steams - ship General Rusk arrived from Indianola also with 400 regulars, which have been all landed at Fort Jefferson, Tortugas, and Fort Taylor, at this place, as I am further informed, to remain as re - enforcements at these points. The DanielWebster on her passage out brought sixty - eight men to Fort Taylor and thirty - two to Fort Jefferson, together with a large quantity of military stores and provisions. I saw twenty hogsheads West Indian molasses and 100 barrels of flour, together with a proportionate amount of other stores, myself, among the articles landed. I am further informed from what I deem good authority that the United States Government have recently appropiated $ 150, 000 to each of those forts for the purpose of continuing the work on them, and, as it appears to me from all I can learn, with the view of holdong them for a long titme. As near as I can ascerain there were only about 15 men, rank and file, in Fort Taylor previous to the arrival of these last - named re - enfoecemants.

The field pieces are to be placed in this fort, it is said, to strengthen the armament.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, yoru obedient servant and fellow - citizen,

W. H. HUTCHINGS,

Commanding Mail Steamer Atlantic, of New Orleans.

P. S. - Since writing the above an agent of the Governemtn, James Filor, U. S. naval store - keeper, tried to get me to name a price at which I would take 200 or 300 barrels of provisions from this place and deliver them to the U. S. squadron off Pensacola. I told him the Government of the United States had not money enough to induce me to comitt an

