
nothing since yesterday. The two 24-pounders, one out four miles below Eastport, are being removed this morning to Iuka by order of Major-General Crittenden, and the two infantry regiments (the Twenty-second Mississippi and Twenty-ninth Tennessee) will immediately follow. Eastport will be evacauated by 4 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Arnold, of the Twenty-ninth Tennessee, is commanding the post, but he being absent superinteding the removal of the cannon, I have the honor to make this report to you.

F. SCHALLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-second Mississippi.

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 70. Richmond, March 27, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XV. The Third Battalion of Cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel William Brazelton, Jr., with the companies of Captains McHenry, McCaskill Bledsoe, and Sanders, are hereby organized into a regiment to be know and designated as the First Regiment Tennessee Cavalry; colonel, William Brazelton, Jr.; lieutenant-colonel, James F. Brewer.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., March 28, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Jackson, Tenn.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have your note of the 25th. I will endeavor to procure for you the wire between Hansborough and Mobile, and also twenty mils of wire here in New Orleans of the line between Meridian and Corint. There is, however, telegraphic communication between those two places via Jackson and Grand Junction. As to the ammunition furnished the Louisiana troops, when Louisiana seceded a considerable quantity of powder belonging to the Federal Government was taken, and this was made up into ammuniton for field guns and small-arms, a part of which has been issued to troops leaving here. Until I took command here no powder was ever tested, but since that time I have received some that did not come up to proof range. All that has been furnished out of my stock I know is good. I have sent 5,000 to Columbus, Miss., 1,000 to the Washington Artillery, and 9,000 to Captain Humphreys, at Baton Rouge, besides 6,500 pounds to the navy, part of which Commodore Hollins has used. All the powder that I have received has been unserviceable and had to be reworked. The ammunition made up by Governor Moore I am afraid was of old powder which had lost much of its strength, but this was all made up before it came here. That made in the part four months averages 275 yards with the eprouvette. The enemy has nine ships (steamers) inside the passes and fifteen schooners, supposed to be mortar vessels, outside, so we may expect hot work here soon. General Polk's flags will be sent on to-morrow to him. They are just finished.

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL.

[10.]

