
IUKA, April 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Burnisville:

Send me a brigade immediately.

GEO. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.

[10.]

[APRIL 1 AND 2, 1862.-For reports of Commissary-General and Quartermaster-General, C. S. Army, relative to losses of stroes incurred at Forts Henry and Donelson, Fishing Creek, and on lines of retreat from Columbus, New Madrid, Bowling Green, and Nashville, see Series IV.]

[7.]

UNION CITY, TENN., April 1, 1862.

General POLK, General CHETHMAN, and Colonel PICKETT:

GENTLEMEN: Perhaps it may not be amiss for me to give you some of the particulars of the Lincolnitish advent into this city. On yesterday morning at early breakfast time, and before our cavalry had time to finish their morning repast, Mr. Charley Gibbs came in haste from his house and gave information that the enemy were in force making their way to our camps. They enemy were so close upon his heels that neither cavalry nor infantry hadtime to make any preparation for battle and a general flight took place, and many of the cavalry did not have time tosadle their horses and ran and left them tied. The infantry took to their heels. The flight became general. The enemy fired many volleys of musketry. They had but four pieces of light artillery and discharged them several times. None of our men killed or wounded. Two horses were killed on the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Tillman deserves a good deal of praise ofr his endeavors to rally and form his fleeing soldiers. He three times formed two companies of American-born soldier in line of battle away form the field. The Irish element of his command would not and did not form in line of battle, but fled precipitately in such directions as offered the greatest safety to themselves. What went with the cavalry I cannot tell. One wagon and team was taken by the enemy, that I know of. I think about thirty horses and mules fell into their hands. From the best that I could see I think between thirty and forty of our men fell into their hands. The whole affray did not last over one hour or one hour and a half before they all left. The last that I saw of Colonel Pickett he was making speed to the field of battle. What became of him and Major Woolfolk after they passed me toward the field I cannto tell. The enemy, I think, could not have been over 1,500 or 2,000 all told. The enemy first formed near the railroad in the woods and along the open field on the left of our entire encamnment. They moved their cavalry and artillery into the field and began their fire on our men. They advanced and formed in the valley below, between the (our) cavalry and infantry, and would not (did not) ascend the hill or elevation on which our infantry were quartered. They moved north in the valley and field so as to get beyond to the north of our entire encampment. There they formed in line of battle. Their artillery, as soon as they found that our soldiers had not formed in line east of our encampment, moved up to the top of the elevation of which our cavalry were quartered and opened fire again with their cannon, the balls and shells whisting overhead.

