
will order the necessary train from Corinth for the immediate removal of his sick, provisions, baggage, &amp;c., to Corinth, or if not safe to send cars to Bethel, will send his wagons by the common road west of railroad; but if the latter be not practicable he will send them as already directed to Bolivar, and form thence to Grand Junction.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[Indorsement.]

BETHEL, April 3, 1862-3 o'clock.

The above dispatch is just received, and I do not entirely comprehend it. I am to defend this place, if attacked; otherwise I am to move forward to meet General Polk. How long am I to wait before moving forward? Everything in front of Purdy seems from the reports of my scouts to be quiet. How many day's rations am I to take with me when I move forward? I send this by my aide, Captain Boyd Cheatham, on alocomotive that is just starting for Corinth. I will have the sick all ready to move by 10 o'clock to-night, if you desire it. Send up trains to-night. From all our information the road is safe. I have two companies at Henderson. Shall I order them in? I don't know a road called the Bark road.

Respectfully,

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

The enemy's advanced post is within four miles of Purdy, at Snake Creek.

[10.]

HEAQUARTERS,

Trezevant, Tenn., April 7, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here and relieved Major King on Saturday, 5th instant, having visited and conferred with Colonel Jackson at Trenton. He could not move under several days forward of that place. I found headquarters here with a company thrown forward at Hico, on picket to its right and left, and Captain Pell had just returned from Paris with the flag the enemyh had left hoisted on the court-house there, with no news of importance of the enemy. I hear to-day through citizens that they sent to-day a large force there-perpaps 1,000 men. My scouts and pickets bring me no news of the enemy. The bridge on Trenton and Dresden road, over the Obion, called Shade's Bridge, was reported by a scout as burned last Friday; by whom not known. I learn all the cavalry that we had in Henderson, at Lexington, has gone to Purdy, but not officially. It is of importance that I be kept advised of such movements, as it leaves my right very much exposed. I shall start a scout of a lieutenant and thirty men to Huntingdon to-morrow at sunrise. I threw forward Captain Guthrie's company to occupy my left front, with orders to send scout to Rogers' Mill. a short distance from Dresden. I have ordered all the companies of the regiment here. Captain Wicks' arrived this evening. I cannot learn where Hubbard's and Houston companies are. I learn they are very small and very worthless. I beg that two other new and well-armed companies be substituted in their places, and respectfully urge

