
The Governor has strong hopes that the extent of the disaffection has been exaggerated; that perhaps it has been aggravated by the imprudence of well-meaning and loyal, but unwise, men, and that if the leaders could be arrested much may be accomplished with the followers by the exertion of your influence. He would suggest that, for the purpose of ascertain full and correct infromation and to the true condition of things, the tone, temper, and feeling of the people, the degree of the dissatisfaction, and to enable you the better to determine and mature the plan of operations for the arrest of the most prominent offenders, as well as the course most expedient to adopt in relation to others, you should take the earliest opportunity of visiting Winston Country upon some pretext and determining for yourself the course to be pursued. In conclusion, the Governor directs me to say that he fully appreciates the difficulty, as well as the delicacy, of the disagreable but important duty he has devoted upon. He sees cleary that the character of the country and the feelings of the people may render it a work both of toil and danger, and will certainly require the exercise of great enery, firmness, and prudence, but he relies on you to adopt and carry out those measures which will be certain to secure the arrest of the offenders at any risk or cost. To attempt it and fail would only make matters worse. if resistance is attempted it must be met even tot he death. You will be sustained in the employment of any means or force you may think necessary to effect the proposed result. In case of arrest, the prisoners had better be removed to Tuscaloosa.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General of Alabama.

[6.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, April 10, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Many of the State troops have their own country arms. The regiments have disbanded at the expiration of their term. We are daily expectin an attack at Savannah. Fear we have not troops enough to meet the enemy, but I will risk all at your request to relieve General Beauregard. Will order two of my best armed State regiments to go immediareturn at the earliest day possible. I can send to Corinth 1,000 good pikes and side knives, if you wish them for reserves. Please answer.*

JOS. E. BROWN.

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 83. Richmond, April 11, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VII. Captain D. W. Alexander's company Tennessee cavalry will proceed without delay to Knoxville, Tenn., and report for duty to Major Ge. E. K. Smith, commanding.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

---------------

* See Davis to Brown, April 1, 1862, VOL. X, Part II. p. 413.

---------------

