
MILLEDGEVILLE, April 11, 1862.

President JeffersonDavis:

Had no official information of the bombardment of Pulaski when I sent dispatch yesterday. Generals Jacskon, Lawtonm, and Wayne now at Savannah. Fear that the withdrawl of two regiments, inaddition to two cONFEDERATE REGIMENTS WHICH YOU HAVE ORDERED FROMTHE COAST TO cORINTH, WOULD MAKE OUR FORCE TOO WAK TO MEET THE ATACK, aND PRODUCE PANIC WHICH MIGHT C AUSE US TO LOSE THE CITY. wiith these fats before you, if you press the requsest, I will still send the troops; but trust you can od without tem till the result of the attack on the fort is known, and whethere it is to be accompanied by a land attack. I will ship to Chattanooga to night 829 pikes and 321 knives Please order the proper officers to take charge of them there.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[10.]

RICHAMOND, VA., Aopril 12, 1862.

Governor BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Dispatch of yesterday received. Retain the two regiments. If you could send armed men fromteh northwestern part of your State they might aid General Beauregard without disrubing your sea- coast defenses. If route by Chattanooga is interrupted, the pikes, &amp;c., may be sent by Mobile to Corinth, where they are wanted.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[10.]

EXECUTEIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., April 12, 1862.

Major General G. T. BEAUREGARD;

SIR: There are now at the various rendezzvous in this State 6,000 or 8,000 men preparing to enter the Confederate service. one regiment and one batalion of five companies at Meridian will ber ready for duty on Monday next. Three regiments at Grenada could be ready in of few days if arms could be furnished them. one regiment of cvalry and one of artillery at this place are waiting for their arms. I think it a safe esteimate to put down the new levies now going into rendezvous at 10,000 men, and that number may be exceeded. These can be organized into regiments in ten days; many of them sooner. Can you not send arms to these, or furnish thema t CorintH! You say in your dispatch of yesrerday that you will receive scompanies, battalions, or regiments if armed and equipped. My means of arming and equipping are very limited. I will sned you all I can arm as soonas transportation can be furnished, but the Secretary of War promised to arm and equip the seven regiments for the war, and many ofthem are now stnding still for thewar, and many of thema re now standing still for want of arms. Please inform me what prospect there is for soeedily arming them. By telegraph to- day Ir equested that you send me passport to enter the lines at Corinth, as it is my purpose to see the next battle fought in that vicinity. Permit me in colclusion, to assure you that no effort shall be spred to send you all the ava8ilable menas of defense at my disposla.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTURS.

[10.]

