
the intelligence of the recent complete and brlliant victory which has been gained by the Army of the Confederate Statres under the command of Geernal A. S. Johnston over the Federal forces in Tennessee on the battle- field of Shiloh.

Resolved, That the thanks of Congress are hereby tendered to General G. T. Beeauregard andthe other surviving officrs and privates of that army for the signal exhibition of skill and gallantry displayed by them on that memorable occasion; and all who contributed to that signal trilumph, in the judgment of Congress, are entitled to thde gratitude of their country.

Resolved, That the intelligence of the death of General Albert Sidnay Johnston, commaneder- in- chief, when leading the Confederate forces victory on the 6th of April, inTenessee, while it affects Congress with profound sorrow at the same time obscures our jou with a shade of sadness att he loss of an officer so able, skillful, and gallant.

Resolved, that the foregoing resolutions be made known by appropriate general orders by the generals in command to the officers and troops to whom they are addressed, and that they also be communicated to the family of General Johnston.

Approved April 15, 18623.

[10.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1862.

Colonel DILWORTH,

Tallahassee:

Send 1,500 muskets or fifles to Pensacola, as heretorfore ordered, without delay and in preference to all other requisitions.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[6.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFIACE, Numbers 88. Richmond, April 17, 1862.

* * * *

VII. Captain A. R. Lnkford's company Alabma Volunteers will without delay report to Major- Geneal Samuel Jones, commanding Deaprtment of Alabama and West Florida, for duty as part of Colonel McKinstry's regiment Alabama Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assisttn Adjutant-Genrl.

[6.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 17. Corinth, Miss., April 17, 1862.

The following general officrs have been appointed by the President, and being on duty with this army are announced for the information of all concerned: General Braxton ragg, Major General B. F. Cheatham, Major General T. C. Hindman, Major General John C. Breckinridge, Brigadier General B. H. Helm, Brigadier General P. R. Cleburne, brigadier General Franklin Garnder, Brigadier General Thomas Jordan, brigadier General William Preston, Brigadier General Alfred Mouton, Brigadier General George Maney.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOS. JORDAN.

Assistant Adjutant-Geneal.

[10.]

