
LYNCHBURG, April 18, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSONDAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

We addres you as your fellow- citizens who have given you their hearty support, and do not doutbt your wilingness to do with alacrity everything tending to preserve our common country int the present portendtouns aspect of public affairs. We make no complaint of anything done or contemplted in respct tot he subject- matter of this address. In the present contest for our libeties, our firesides, our homes, our wives, andour children, forced uponus by an isolent and most wicked enemy, it is not to be expected that ev erything can be done in the best manner possible; but where the motive is pure and the conduct of any agent, great or small, done with patriotic intent, both justice and opublic ploicy require it to be looked at with greatest liberality. We profess not to know the precise circumstnaces under which our disaster at Fort Donelson took place, nor do we mean to offer ay views to your Exzccellency about them. On this haead your informationis necessarily superior toours. But as your friends and fellow- citizens we venture respectuflly to request that in view of the widespread and growing dissatisfation of a large number of our peoaple of Southwestern Virginia at the szuspension of General John B. Floyd, and the feeling of alarm and anxiety which even in this (the Lynchburg) community exists for the safety of a region from which we get most of our important and necssary supplies, you will, if consistent with your own views of duty and of public interst, at once reinstate and place General Floyd in command of Western Virginia. We believe such an act will strngthen the codfidence of our people in the Government an dpromote the public interst. Gernal Floyd has a powerful hold on the affections and confidene of Southwestern Virginia, and inthese times of public trial and danger his absence from the scene ofd active military employment is, we think, deeply tobe lamented. They disclaim all wish or intnet too mingle in this mater as a politiacal move. They, or many of them, have not in the olden ocflict of aprties acted with General Floyd, but they regard the day of mere party effort to be passed, andnow desire to act but as a band of borthers united in the sacred effort to save our country and its insitutuions and resue our homes formthe tread of the spoiler.

We are, respectfully, your fellow citizens.

C. L. MOSBY,

G. W. LATHAM,

Captain Provisionl Army, C. S.

SAML. B. THURMAN,

[AND 75 OTHERS.]

[10.]

HEADUQARTERS CAVALRY,

R	ipley, tenn., April 19, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistatn Adjutant-General, Corinth:

In compliance with orders areceived per telegrapzh from hadquartes of the army, I marched my command from Trenton to this palce, ariving yesterday. Have reported tot he genral commanding at pillow. I find a great scarcity of hay, fo9dder, and oats int his neighborhood; sufficient corn tosubsist the animals for ten or fifteen days. I consider the Forked Deer verry efeectually obstructed, and I am ofhte opinion that the enemy will not attempt to come to Key Corner, and

