
thence by land to Fort Pillow. The country between Trentona and Dyersburg I consider the richest portion of the Stae of Tennessee; abunda t supply of bacon, corn, and ha. The owners are anxious to dispose of these articles to the Confederacy. The commissary of my command will be able to purchese flour, meal, and bacon for the regiment in the neighborhood, and will have to draw supply of sugar, coffee, and other rations fromPillow. From a descriptionm of the country, I am satisfgied that my line could be best protected by moving back toward Dyersburg some ten miles. I have now under my command eight companies of my regiment proper and two independent companies. I consider it best to merge the two. Captain Haywood, whose company belongs tot he regiment, has not reported to me, and says that he is ide4pendent of the command, under tnhe orders of General Beauregard. Since his joing the army he has manifested a spirit of insubordiantion whic, if it is not checked, will ruin this regiment. He needs bringing into harness and I respectfullyr equest of the general commanding that he be ordered to report to me. Captain D. G. Reed, who has a squad of fifteen men operating about Union City and Dresden, is bringing a bad name uponthe cavalry of this country by taking horses froM Union and SOuthern men and not r esp3ecting private property. I am well satisfied that these independent companies, thrown loose upoon the coutry, are a disgrace and nuisance to the community where they may chace to serve. Being aware that the geenral commanidng is anxius to have these irregularities corrected, I have taken the liberty of reporting them.

I am, colonelm, with high resepct, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Colonel of Cavalry.

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFICE, Numbers 92. Richmond, April 22, 1862.

* * * *

VII. Lieutenant Colonel Milton A. Haynes, senior officer of the corps of Tennessee artillery in the Provisional Army, will repair to Knox viulle, Tenn., and report for duty as chief of ssaid artillery to Major General E. Kirby Smith.

* * * *

By command of the Seretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[10.]

MOBILE, April 23, 1862.

[Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH:]

SIR: I left Richmond last Thursday, and coming on, found the cars crowded with troops from Tnenssee and Knetuxcky going to Corinth by way of Mobile. This was rendered necessary because the enemy occupied Huntsville. Thus the only mode of communicating with our Western army is through Mobkile. Cut off this mode and our army is separated from Richmond al ost entirely. I write you this with the view to present the fact to your mind. I also wrote thhe President toe the same effect. It may be of vast importance to increase the strnght of this place, unless the railroad at Huntsville be soon in our control. I must also call yur attention to the conscirpt at. There are about

20 R R- VOL LIIM, PT II

