
3,000 or 2,500 militia here, called out by Govdrnor Shorter to defend Mobile for ninety days. There are no other troops here except the regiment in Fort Morgan and the troops at Fort Gaines; none at least known to me. These State troops wish to know if they cn now organize themselves into companies and regiments before the termination of their State service under the conscirpt act. Had I known of such organization under the Stae authority I would have attempted some provision for them by way of amendment; but you now must harmonize the two services by orders. I have no doubt but that the law considers them in no service, and that they may be immediately called into the Confederate service under the fact. Whether you will discontinue the State service, or whether the soldiers can now organize under the act and elect their officers, I cannot say, and must beg of you to give such orders here as will relieve the State militia from their present embarrassment. One of the regiments called out by the Governor thinks they were called out for an indefinite period of time, and not for ninety days only. I do not see, however, that this would alter the case. I must beg of you to give thies later matter your immediate attention, and the first I truist uyou will take into your considerateion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. DARGAN.

It may be that the regiments called out for an indefinite time stand on a different footing fromt heninety- days' regiments. But uyour orders miust hamronize their duties, as well as those caleld for ninety days only.

E. S . DARGAN,

[[10.]
HEADQUARTERS,Rienzi Station, Camp Rives, Miss., April 29, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I am informed that the militai of the countty assembled at jacinto to- day for muster, and that there is some apprehension felt that the e emy may make a dash with their cavalry and attempt to capture them. Not nowing what force of ours m, ay be betweenJacinto and thenemey, I hasve thought it prudent to dispath aportion of my command- two regimentsz of infantry, a section of light artilley, and aabout 250 ounted mem in all socme 1,000 men- to Jacinto, to remainthere to- day and return after themilitai are dismissed.

Hoping this movement will meet the approbation of the general, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LITTLE,

Brigadier- General, Commanding Station.

[10.]

AT DOCTOR BOWLES',

North Bank Tennessee River, April 29, 1862 - Morning.

General THOMAS JORDAN:

I have the honor to report that the last of my comma; and has just crossed the river. I made but slow progres, having but one small boat to cross wity at Oats' Ferry, five miles from Cherokee. I will go to

