
Lawrenceburg, which place I will reach to- morrow, and will start men to our left and have wires cut upon Savannah road. I intend moving from Lawrenceburg to Pulaski and through Columbia. I hope a large body of cavalry will be sent immediately to cover our rear. There is an abundance of forage in this portion of the country, and the people are nearly true, and will be delighted to do all they can to serve us. In nearly all the small towns in the i9nterior of Tnenssee I learn there are small parties of Gederals, who are left to keep the people in check, and a large body of cavalry roperly led could succeed in capturing nearly all in detail. We will not have time to attack all these places, as I am determined to reach Lexingrton, Ky., before I return, and if a body of cavalry are sent over at once therde will not be the least doubt of our succeeding in reahcing Northern Kentcuky, where we will do irreparable injury. I willforward dispatches to you from Pulaski.

Resepctfully,

J. H. MORGAN.

I have the honor to inclose a note* just received from Florence. I will not have time to pay our respefts to the Yankees, as we will move now rapidly forward.

[10.]

HEADUQARTERS ARMY OFT HE WEST,

Memphis, Tenn., April 29, 1862.

C. F. JACKSON,

Governor of Missouri:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to inform you that I have just learned that a battel near Corinth is imminent. This and other ousiderations induce me to say that unloess the organization of the State Guard is completed to- nmorow it will at once be on the sme footing as the other troops of the Confederacy with respect to supploies of every description. I haope, sir, thzat in the coming battle the country will not lose the services of so gallant a corps as that under your command.

Wiuth great respect, your obedientserfvant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[10.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION, &amp;C.,Shope's Hill, Four M8les and a half from Corinth on Monterey Road, April 30, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Ajdutant-General, Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I sent the packegaes by flag of truce to the enemy's lines this afternoon in accordance with the directions fot the geernal commanding. They were intrusateed by me to Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, Twenty- fifth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, who executed his mission to my entiere satisfaction. He went beyond Monterey something like a mile or mile and a half on the Pittsburg road before meeting a Federal officer to whom he could deliver the packeages. The reconnoitering

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

