
party which entered Montery yesterday morning had returned, leaving the village unoccupied. He had a general running conversation with Captain McCook (borther to the geenral), assistant adjutant-geenral on General Buell's staff, but elicited nothing of importance, Captain McCook remarking at one time that they intended to have Corinth within the next six days, &amp;c. From all Colonel Lewis saw and heard he feels satisfied that it is the purpose of the Federal commander to move at an early day upon Corinth in at least two columnns, viz, by the Monterey and Farmington raods.

I am, geenal, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, &c., Commanding Outpost on Monterey Road.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERS,Rienzi Station, Camp Rives, Miss., April 30, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistatn Adjutnt- Genal, Corinth, Miss:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the detachment I sent to Jacinto to pr9otect the militia assembled there for muster returned in the evining. I inclose herewith Geenal Berry's report of the result of said muster. I also rode out and examined the cmoutnry between here and Jacinto and in the immediate vicinity of that place. All the roads approaching Jacinto are on ridges, from which on both sides spurs and ravines project. The country is very much broke, and timbered with pine, oak, hickory, and in some places a thick undergrowth. It would be difficult to get artillery or a baggage trainalong except on the regular roads, the grounds betweenthe ridges and b4ases of the spurs being for the most part wet and marshy. After crossing their bottom immediately east of Rienzi there are two roads leading to Jacinto which unite at that place; there it continues due east to Tuscumbia. Agbout one mile from Jacinto the rod from Burnsville comes in, and one- quarter of a mile the BUrnsville road is ientersected by the Jacinto and Nehoba road leading to the Red Suplphur Springs, near the State line. These raods, I am informed, all follow ridges and pass through thesame kind of country above mentioned.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LITTLE,

Brigadier-Geeranl, Comma; nding Station.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE MISSISSIPI STATE TROOPS,Jacinto, Miss., April 29, 1862.

ColonelHobbs, C. S. Army, will be plased to relieve his command from picket dutya t 3 p. m. I have the plaesufre to report to Gernal Little that I have orgainzed two regiments of State troops, of something over 1,000 men in eahc regiment, betweenthe ages of eighteen and fifty years. There are, perhaps, 1,000 men betweent he ages of eighteen and thirty- five years. Efficient arms may be furnished by the country to all oabove the age of thirty- five.

I ahave the honor to be, very respetfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. BERRY,

Brigadier-Geranl.

[10.]

