
LAWRENCEBURG, May 1, 1862.

General THOMAS JORDAN:

Arrived here on yesterday. Fourteen scouts had just left the place for Henrysville, where a body of 100 Federal cavalry are stationed. At Mount Pleasant there are about 1,000; at Columbia a much larger force. Between Huntsville and Columbia large numbers of troopsa re continually passing with supplies. They pass through Pulaski. A small force is also at Leabanon; a large force at Shelbyville. In fact, nearly all the towns of any importance have troops stationed, and if a force was sent upon this side of theriver a large number could be captured. I hope you will send the cavalry over in force at once. There is no difficulty in their being supported; the people here are all right. In Wayne County the people are Union strong. They are sendign companies to Nashville to join the Federals. I was told that they were raising anoth4er company. We passed as Federals. That would be a good point to send a body of men.

Resepctfully,

JHOHN H. MORGAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[10.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., May 1, 1862.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

SIR: The possessin by the enemy of the Mississippi River and intenal waters of the Staee will bring him in contact with the slaves, and affords him great facilities for plunder. It is practicavle partially to guard against some of the evisl which the extended means of access to persons and property may enteail by companies of mounted men. I can easily organize such companies have already offered for this service. These cpompanies will tend to create a sense of security among the people and keep down any disoreders among the slaves. It appears that such companies may be orgainized as GConfedderate troops, provided they are asked for yby the geenral commanding the deaprtment, and I write to obtain your sancrion to what appears to be a necessity. I deem it proper to say that the organization of the se mounted companies will not interfiere with volunteering to fill existing companies, nor retard t the skeleton regiments. I take the occasion to request that you will give me in express terms power to muster int the recruits (3,000) called for by you, and to appoint persons for that purpose, in order that no difficulties may arise in procuring transportation for them form any point at which they may be found.

Very respectfully,

JOH J. PETTUS.

[Indorsement.]

Calling out of mounted companies is approved. None but commissioned officers, C. S . Army, can muster. Name where tosend mustering oficer.

G. T. B.

[10.]

HEADUQARTERS ARMY OFT HE MISSISSIPPI,

Corinth, Miss., May 3, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Reserve Corps, Army of the Mississippi:

GENRAL: On refletion, the generalcommanding orders a cahnge in the dispositions announced for your command for the morning.

