
are deplorably ignorant. I am doing all in my power to instruct and discipline them, but where so much is to be done, one person, however zealous, can do but little. I want officers to instruct both in artillery and infantry. I have institute a regular course of instruction for the officers and non - commissioned officers of the Confederate Army, but am embarrassed for the want of instructors. You could not do better than to make my friend. Major William D. Smith, of the Georgia army, a major of artillery, and jsend him to me as an instructor of artillery. I should be glad to have him. He is a zealous, hard - working man, and full of intelligence. You promised to send me Lieutenant Ball and Captain White, but neither has made his appearance. I am sure you will do all in your power to aid me in making this fort defensible. I should dislike to fight this command in its present condition; indeed, I should not like to see the face of an enemy for three months.

With best wishes for your success, truly, your friend,

W. J. HARDEE.

[1.]

JACKSON, March 28, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Troops on the way to Mobile. Arrive there tomight and tomorrow. Should the President need two more regiments they will be ready at the shortest notice.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, March 29, 1861.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Pensacola:

Your communication of the 27th received. Do you propose or prefer an increease of force beyond the 5, 000 ordered, and to what

extent?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant - General.

[1.]

LOUISVILLE, March 29, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretaary of War:

DEAR SIR: When I wrote to Mr. Benjamin in regard to the jregiment of Kentuckians, I desired the position of colonel to be left vacant in order that some regular army officer, thoroughly proficient in his profession, should be hereafter celected for that position. I presume, of course, that such was your expectation, as an officer of such a high grade and next to lyour highest position ought not to be placed in such an important command unless perfectly competent. Though possessing considerable theoratical knowledge, I would not think of incurring such a responsibility myself. My object in writing to you is to get your official views upon this subject. After your letter was received, and during my absence attending the Southern Rights Convention, some of the officers who desired to enter into your army held a meeting and, without consultation with me upon the subject, selected a gentleman, though brave and chivalric, has no conveption whatever of military tactics, and could not direct his command to ho through with the sumplest evolution, though he could lead a charge, perhaps, as

