
Cleburne's brigade (Hardee's corps) will remain in occupation of the lines the right (under construction), and your whole division will be held in light marching order in support of that line on the east side of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad witihin 800 yards of the intrenchmenrs. Your troops should be in position by 3 o'clock in the morning, with one day's cooked subsistence in haversaxks and forty rounds of ammunition. Resepctfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistatn Adjutant-Gernal.

[10.]

ADJUTANT- GEENAL'S OFFICE, ARMY of the MISSISSIPPI,

Coringh, Miss., May 3, 1862.

GeneralG. T . BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: In obedience to special instructions from the adjutant- geenral of the Army of the Mississippi, I proceeded on Wednesday evening, 30th ultimo, to Trnton Station, Mobkele and Ohio Railroad, to deliver to Colonel Thoams CXlaiborne, commanding cavalry at that point, a dispatch and certain funds to use for puirposes indicated therein. I reached Colonel Claiborne's encampment (about six miles from Trenton) on the 1sat instant, and delivered to him the letter and money. He informed me that it was his purpose to start for Paducah the next day 92d) by daylight with his regiment, Colonel William H. Jckson's, and two unassigned companies of cavalry (Ferguson's and Algee's), numbering in the aggregate about 1,200 effectives. He further advised me that his line of march would be in the direction of Paris to a place called McLemore's; from thence through Mayfield to Paducah. He expected to reahc the latter place in two days and a half from the time of starting. I learned later, however, that he would not be able to get off until to- day (3d), as the largest part of Colonel Jackon's command did not reach Trenton until yesterday. The Federals have a foace stationed at Fort Heiman, on the Tennessee, and also about 400 infantry and as many cavalry at Hickman. At TIptonville their force consists of 1,500 infantry and four pieces of artillery. Colonel Claiborne thought the direction he proposed taking would foil the enemy compoletely as to his ultimate intentions, as he would threaten both Fort 	Heiman and Hickman. He proposed returning, if possibel, through the Obion Bottoms, so as to avoid the route he takes in going to Paducah as much as possible.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, general, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistatn Adjutant- General.

[10.]

C. S. RIVER DEFENSE SERIVCE,

Gun- boat General Bragg, Sunday, May 4, 1862 - 3 p. m.

Major General G. T. BEAUREGARD C. S. Army,

Corinth, Miss.:

GEENRAL: We are patiently awaiting the turn of events, and do not seemuch prospect for a fight att he present time. The enemy have changed their position since I came here, and keep their gun- boats on each side of the river in a position to command a long stretch where we cannot reach them without being under a cross- fire for from forty to fifty minutedss. They have twelve mortar- boats, but never have more

