
in position than two, which fire at irregular periods during the day, but are towed away each night. We have eight boats of the reiver- defense fleet here. The navy boats are dismounting their guns. We are doing a good service by keeping the enemy at a distance from Fort Pillow, but I have not the confidence in the fleet which I was led to expect by the representations made me. The majori9ty of these boats are not fast enough to catch a retreating boat, but any that may pass Fort Pillow are at our mercy, and should any of their boats be imprudent enough tolei at the point they occupied when we came here, we can sink them with our three fast boats. We will wait and watch and hope.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier General, Missouri State Gurd, commanding Marines and Gunners.

[Indorsement.]

Already answered as follows: Hope ere long you will be abale to test with success the efficeintcy of your boats, which are now the last hope of closing the riever to the enemy's gun- baots. Should you not have speed enojgh against the boats upstream, I jhpoe you will be able to destroy those of the enemy reported to be xoming up from New Orleans.

G. T. B[EAUREGARD].

[10.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, OFFICE ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL, ALABAMA MILITAI, Numbers 29. Montgomery, Ala., may 8, 1862.

1. The large amount of cotton in the city of Montgomery renders its removzl to a safe distance a work of time. Circxumstances may render it necessary to destroy it before such remoavl can be effected. To avoid endangering the city by burning, all the cottton which cannot be removed to a safe distnce will be removed tothe warchouse known as Gunter's wqrehuse.

2. The railroad companies are hereby ordered to arrange by Monday next to use all their transportation power, save such as may be required for the service of the Confederate Government, to assist in trasporting the cotton which owners may prefer to take fromt he city.

3. The officer charged withtegh exectuioon of this order is hereby directed to press into servife all the public drays of thecity, save sucyh as may be required for the serice of the Confederate Government, to aid in trasporting cotton fromteh warehouses in the city to Gunter's warehouse, the stem- boat landings, and railroad depaots.

4. Colonel William H. Chambers, special aide- de- camp, is charged with the execution of this order.

By order of John Gill Shorter, Governor and commander- in- chief:

H. P. WATSON,Addjutant	and Inspector General.

[6.]

BRIGADE HEADUQARTERS,

Camp Saunders, May 8, 1862.

Brigadier General T. JORDAN,

Assistatn Adjautant- Genenral:

GENERAL: After much treouble and delay caused by the breaking of the machinery of the horse- boat I have hrown one regiment and a half

