
across the river. Shall put half a regiment and a battalion over to- day. I have established an outpost at Brown's Ferry and a Huntsville with a line of couriers fro each. The latest intelligaence from the latter place is the enemy have been re- enforced by isx regiments, and firing heretofore reported as havi g been heard there was the rejoicing of the enemy over their re- enforcement. Genreal Evans has joined General Smith and both ared now moving on Huntsville, thourgh farther off than when last reported. The citizens of pulaski, Athens, and all through the country wherde the enemy have been, report that they have committed depredations of every description, broken open smoke- houses and stables anad stolen meat, forage, and horses from the citizens, ente4ed dewellings, breaking up furniture and plundering even ladies of money, plate, and jewelry, besides threatining them with personal violence. It seems to be their policy to devastate the coutry. They have enticed negroes away from their masters and armed them. As soon as I obtain reliable data I shall send a flag of truce to General Mitchel and demand his policy regarding slaves- whether he recognizes them, or designs creating an insurrectionary force by placing arms intheir hands. The feeling of the inhabitants, esepcially those who have heretofore been neutral or Union in sentiment, is now strong fort hd Southern cause. The deparedatins of the enemy has, I think, been beneficial to the cause.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Colonelo, C. S . Army, Commanding Brigade.

[10.]

BRIGADE HEADUQARTERS,

Camp Saunders, may 9, 1862.

Brigadier General T. JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENEAL: " I regret to inform you that my communiocations of yesterday and a previous date regarding force and disposition of the enemy, &amp;c., are both incorrect, if the inclosed be true, and it seems to be more direct than the others. I have had out two scouting parties, and have received intelligence, which I believe reliable, that the enemy are in strong force at huntsville, about 12,000 or 14,000. Owing to this side of the Tennessee RIver. The enemy's outposts at all the ferries on Tennessee and Elk River, Athens, Pulaski, &c., have been largely re- enforced. Herewith I have the honor to inclose copy of statement sent Colonel Scott by one of his men. I shall cross the river myself to- day and determine what course to pursue. On yesterday I sent out two parties resepctively of 450 and 75 men to capture forces of the enemy, viz, 300 stationed at Bethel, on west bank of Elk River, and fifty at Blair's Ferry, on east bank. Have received no report fromthem as yet.

I am, general, very respectfully, uyour obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure.]

WHITESBURG, Thursday Evening.

Colonel J. S./ SCOTT:

Been riding around and gathering items and inte d to dispatch to- nigh, but Doctor Wood and Jones have just come in. Report as follows: Went to Guntersville; there fell in with Captain Young and two

