
lieutenants of Fourth Alabama (twelve- mouths' men), making their way home, and they told them that we have no forces nearer to Huntsville than Chattanooga, about 2,000 and these were pressing to leave at the approach of the Federals. Kirby Smith is at Cumberland Gap. Heard nothing from General Evans. Eleven hundred Feederals attacked 1,000 of our men at Bridgeport, a bout fifty miles above Guntersville, and they fled without firing a gun. These are the same now at Chattanooga. The bridge at Bridgeport is burned. Our forces at Chattanooga have the two stem- boats that were at Decatur. Doctor Wood and Jones deem all this perfectly reliable. The repoort of Morgan's men is consequently very unreliable. Doctor Wood and Jones sent word to ur forfes by Doctor Cornwall (on his way to Chattanooga) of our posiaion and intention, and request to him to send a courier to you, and hsll come in immediatrely with my couriers. Shall try to make the arrests (agbin) required by Colonel Adams.

Resepctfully,

C. B. WHEELER.

The Feederals came down form huntsville last night to this place and shelled around exetnsively, but did no damage.

C. B. W.

[Indorsement.]

BRIHADE, HEADUQARTERS,

Camp Saunders, May 9, 1862.

There semems to be some doubt about the correctness of the within statment, as the evidence does not come direct.

JOHN ADAMS,

Commanding.

[10.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 3. Corinth, Miss., May 11, 1862.

I. All baggage not neessary for light field service will be immediately sent tot he deport at this place to be transported to Okolona, Miss., and there placed in charge of Major L. F. Johnston, brigade quartermaster.

II. None but organized bodies of troops and couriers will be allowed to pass the lines of this army. All others passing in or out without permission ffom general officers will be stopoped and sent tot he inspector- genral. Stragglers from outposts will be rigidly dealt with. By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[10.]

BRIGADE HEADUQARTERS,

Camp Forster, May 11, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Upon information which came wery direct I moved my force, wagons, and stores to this (north) side of Tennessee River, exepcting Gernal Smith to engage the enemy at huntsville, but the information proved incorrect. I have ordered thewagons and stores to be transferred across the river. My effetive force is only about 1,200. Dducting pickets, wagon guards &amp;c., will reduce the number to 1,000

