
strong. I would most respectfully request that Colonel Biffle's regiment, which was detached from my command while en route (with the promise that it should be returned), be ordered to join me. As I expect to move into Tennessee to- night it will be of great service. In fact, in my future movements it will be invaluable. As Bear Creek has fallen so as to be fordable, unless othewise directed I shall withodraw the two companies now at Bear Creek bridge with orders to join me. I send Colonel Foster, aide- de- camp, to represent the immediate necessity for ammunitin; also to urge and represent the necessity for Biffle's regiment.

I am, geenral, very resepctfuly, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Brigade.

[10.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OFT HE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 4. Corinth, Miss., May 12, 1862.

I. The following officers are announced as attached to the staff at these headuqarters: Captain G. B. Cooke, assistant adjutnt- geenral, department of returns; Captain P. H. Thomason, assistant adjutnat- genral, deaprtmetn of ordersl; Captain H. W. Walter, assistatn adjutant-geenral, judge- advocate; First Lieutenant D. H. Poole, acting asistatnt adjutant-geernal, department of orders; Lieutenant Colonel W. K. Beard, inspector- genral's deaprt ent; Dr. Joseph T. Scottt, inspector- general's department; Dr. A. V. Small, inspector- general's deaprtmen; Acting Surg. S. E. Chaille, medical inspector, attached to headuqarters; Lieutenant Colonel D. Urquhart, volunteer aidep; Colonel J. M. Huger, volunteer aide; Major L. P. Conner, volunteer aide.

* * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 13, 1862.

His Excellency J. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: Your letter of April 28, 1862, to the Secretary of War, with its inclosures, has been referred by nim to me. The importance of defending the norhtern parts of Georgia and Alabama, particularly the town of Rome and like places of importance, is fully appreciated, and steps with the view to that end have been taken. Colonel Morrison's regiment of cavalry has already been ordered to Chattanooga to operate with the forces at that point in the protection of the norhtern forntier of Georgia and Alabama, and the regiment of cavalry referred to be you in your lettrer to the Secretary of War will be sent to that point assoon as it can be armed and equipped. The scartcity of arms will, I fear, gratly retard the appearnace of this regiment in the field. The nds referred to in youyr communication would be greatly facilitated if you could arm the regiment from the means you may have at your command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[10.]

