
C. S. RIVER DEFENSE SERVICE,

Gun-boat Gernal Bragg, off Fort Pillow, May 13, 1862 - 8 p. m.

Geneal G. T. BEAUREGARD

Commanding C. S. Army, Corinth, MIss.:

GENERALl: UYour telegram sugfgesting outr truyng the slow boats down- stream is received. Upon reflection you will find that one of the rams will answer downstream, except when manned by a "folrlorn hope" to accomplish some specuific object. After the first "butt" downstrema, whether it be fair or foul, your boast is lost, for you cannot back upstream to strike again, and in drifting down you will be at the mercy of the enemy. This matter was fully demonstrated on the 10th, for the Bragg, which is the best and fasterst boat, went in the lead, and after striking her first blow simply fouled a tiller rope and had to drivt out of the action. Our only hope is to make ourselves useful "uipstrema," and we will keep the enemy at this point in check until they are largely re- enforced. The enemy; 's boats avobe Fort Pillow are now moored in narrow channels gbehind sand- bars, where we cannot attack them again, but we will wait and watch for another opportunity. Should gun- baots pass Vicksburg and the fort at that place remain in our hands, then we can run downstrema and sink everything we hit between here and there, and then return to this post..

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMSPON,

Brigadier G en., Missouri State Guards, Commanding Confederate Gunners.

[10.]

[Indoresements on Pillow to Rndolph, May 15, 1862, printed in VOL. VII, p. 305.]

[First indorsement.]

MAY 28, 1862.

Reaed and returned tot he Secretary of War.

When this case was before me on a former occasion, there seemed a necessity for further information to enable me toform a correct judgement, and General Johnston was asked to obytain and forward additional reports. The call was (I believe) repaeated by message to Genal Beauregard, but the additional reports have not been laid before me. When you can present the r3equisite informaitonI will endeavor to render the justice which General Pillow claims and gives me credit for the wish to yield.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GEERNAL:

If Colonel Forrest's reports, or Major Alexander's, or any other in reference tot he Fort Donelson affair not sent the President has been recieved, send it to him; if none has come in, send copy of President's indorsement to General Pillow.

G. W. R.

[7.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 115. Richmond, May 20, 1862.

* * * *

XXI. Compnies A and L, Sixteeenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, will be detahced from said regiment so soon as their services

