
as to render it very st5ong, and without any other defensive works I think any probable attack the enemy may attempt with his land forces can be repelled. The want of albor has prevented an earlier completion of the batteries and rendered it impracticable to construct as esxtensive works as the genreal desired; neverheless I believe theya re sufficeint, with the natural strength of our position, to prevent the enemy from obtaining possession of this point.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. B. HARRIS,

Captain of Engineers.

[15.]

COMMANDDANT'S OFFICE, CONFEDERATE POST,

Fayette, may20, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistatn Adjutant-Gernal, Corinth:

SIR: By Colonel Samuel R. Walker, who bears this, I desire to lay before General Beauregard the situation of this part of his command. Of its total destitution in a military point I have before advised; of the positive necessity of mil8itary aid I need hardly dilate upon. The enemy has full and undisputed possession of Ntahcez and the surrounding counctry; their force will no doubt soon be increased, when their advacnes will be more extneded and sdisastrous, independent of which the effect uopon the people is unfortunate as giving rise to coolness and disaffection; upon the servile population it is of course worse. Allow me therfore to suggest, first, that a camp be located at this place with depaos, &amp;c. It is healthy, convenient, and central, forty- seven miles from railroad over a good raod, twnety- two fromPort Gibson, sixteen from Rodney, twenty- six miles from natchez, and the country not exhausted by demands fofr supplies. Second. That I be authorized to call for conscripts or volunteers from any part of the Staee, to be formed, organized, &c. As camps must be formed int the Staee, one could as well be locat3rd here as any other place. THird. That a small portion of drilled troops should be located herde for present emergeincies until the conscripts are fit for service. As we are totally unprepared for any hostility, a small force would be of infinite srvice att he present. In this plane, which I have not time to enlarge upon, should of course be included the power to carry out the above views, for the accomplishing of which much laber is needed, stores, supplies, arms, ammunitin, hospitals, depots, provender, forage, repairing arms, perhaps foundries, and in short, all the wants and necessities of an army. Aloow me ta ask instructions in regard tothe destruction of cotton. The non- arrival of my sercretry prevents my sending copy of my general orders on that subject, but around Natchez on taking command I burned all on the Mississippi River, az the boats of the enemyw ere in close peoximity. Upon their landing force opposite Natchez I burnt within five miles, and increased the extent to ten miles upon further evidence of increase of aggression. I have no means of defending any point; but weven conscripts appeared for duty until yesterday, when perhaps twenty came, undisciplined and uanvailable. The enemy by seizing horses and mules could easily procure cotton if they were ready for the attemtp, for our only safety ahs exixsted in their anxiety for other objects. Please send special instructions on this point in this identical case, that may be as a guide for thefuture. The enemy by throwing out an supporting stron pickets would surround and isloate a large extent of country and secure the cotton. As to burnit inside

