
of such lines would be a matter of difficulty, Ihave issued a proclamatin calling upon planters to rpevent the enemy obtaining supplies of any kind, allowing which to the enemy ocnstitures in my opinion treson against the Confederate States. I telegraphed to be informed the extent of my authority, by which of course all my acts must be regualated. I think all and full authority should be given, for disaffecrtion is growing fast, treason begins to raise its head, and servile discontent shwn plainlyL. This state of affairs calls for acool, firm, and bvigorojus hand, but which is totally ineffectual unless aided by a force sufficeint to make orders and demands resepcted. Be pleased, therefore, to give me your instrucitns in full, to which I shall conform tothe best of my ability. Sen also directions relating to the course to be pursued in the trials of sundry parties arrested for treasona and other crimes; as to the mode of trial, by whom, &amp;c. I cannot too strongly urge the positive value of batteries upon the Mississippi River at certain eligible points. The enemya re using the common river stema= boats for trasnsports, which coul be sunk with ease if guns were properly placed, supported by a sufficient force. Grand Gulf, Quitman Landing, Natchez, and Ellis' Cliffs afford very desirable points, and would check the enemy ascending or sink htem returning. Good- sized guns can be made movable and be of immense seivce. I consider it my duty to lay this before yoj as an important matter onnected with your department, which you absence prevents you realizing as fully as though you were here. Fifteen or twenty of the enemy's vessels have gone up the river with several thousand troops, a ndno doubt every exertion will be used for the redutction of Vicksburg, in which I sincerely trust they will be defeated. I telegraphed in regard to my power and autority, but have no reply.*

Resepctfully, uyour obediennt servant,

C. G. DAHLGREN,

Commandant.

[15.]

RALEIGH, N. C., May 22, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

SIR: The people in Western North Carolina have g reat apprehensions of an ivasionof East Tennessee by the enemy, and are very desirous that an adequate force should be stationed on that border. It would have great moral effect on the disloyal portion of East Tennessee and likewise on the force of the enemy attempting to invade that part of Tennessee. You are perfectly aware of the vast supplies which are furnished from that sectin tot he Southern Confederacy, and their importane to us in all resepcts. I am earnestly requested by leading citizens in that part of our State to call your attention to this subject, arnd earnestly but respectfully do so. YOur Deaprtment of course will be fully informed of the neceissities which exist for this appeal.

I remain, very truly, yours, &c.,

D. M. BARRINGER.

[10.]

HEADUQARTERZSS DEAPRTMENT Numbers 1,

Jackson, miss., May 25, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Corinth, MIss.:

DEAR GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of a letter received from General Lee.+ I shall probably make my headuqarters here, but shall be

---------------

*For reply, see Beauregard to Dahlgren, VOL. XV, p. 744.

+See May 8, 1862, VOL. VI, p. 652.

---------------

