
in motion personally a great part of the time between Cmap Moore, Vicksburg, and certainpoints on the river eligible as commanding positons for artillery (field) to annoy enemy's gun-boats, and destroy the transports. If you cannot spare me some small- or ms, say at least the 800 intended for me that Bragg sezed, I very much fear that I shall be unable to keep back the enemy on both railroads. I have neaerly 3,600 men of al arms at Vicksburg, and aboaut 1,200 at Camp Moore, which latter ardee constantly threatened by greatly superior numbers. I want arms, arms, arms, and I can carry out my plans, which are to hold bhe two rairoads at Vicksburg and Cmap Moore leaving the enemy to occupy the different towns on the riverutnil such time as the fall of the water will rid us of his gun- boats, when we can retake point after point all the way down to New Orleans, and possibly that city itself, if fever should make its appearance and compel the navy to leave. Al this, however, depends upon my ability to arms a sufficient force now to prevent him fro dispossessing us of these raods, and this I can only do with your help. I broke myself down to put you on foot in March, and you must strain a point to help me out now, recollecting that in so doing you are assistaing to preserve the communications of your own army. Without the cattle and corn from Louisiana a d Lower Mississippi to come by these rairoads, you will be in a bad predicament.

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL.

[15.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, May 26, 1862.

General G. T . BEAUREGARD, Corinth, Miss.:

The ninety- days' volunteers in the Army of the Confederacy are required by the conscription act to continue in service, but are not authorized to reorganize. Reaorgainztion by the act applies only to twelve months'; men.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector Genreal.

[10.]

HEADUQARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CORPS,

Corinth, May 27, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistatn Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: There are but few persons left capable of bearing arms in the county of Bolivar and the adjo9ining counties on the Mississippi River. Those counties contain a very large neagro p0pluation. Some of the citizens have removed their cotton but t wo or three miles from the river, a ndif the enemy take possession of the country they will easily find it through informaiton derived from the slaves. One company of cavalry would be of great service in protecting from the small parties that would be sent out by the enemy. The company of Captain Montgomery (Lindsay's regiment), raised in Bolivar County, knowing the country well, would be best qualified for this service, and I respectfully suggest, fort he consideration of the commanding general, the propriety of sending that company or some other on this duty.

I am, very respectully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. CLARK,.

Brigadier General, Commanding 1st DIv., 1st Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

[10.]

