
[CHAP. LXIV.

well as any man in the State. He could not certainly pass your board of examiners for a second lieutenant's commission. Upon coming home I refused to sanction their action, as I did not consider it what I had offered to your Governemtn, and made them rescind it. I tell them to complete the regiment and then let all the men and officers select the colonel; and before that election occurs I would like to have your official views, in order to secure for your service the best officer it is possible to get. I had in view Colonel Alaxander, Major Alaxander, or Major Anderson, if all or either should resign as soon as hostilities are evident, which of course I trust sincerest may never occur. Either of them I am satisfied would in such an event gladly accept t 000 Kentuckians in your sercice. Another point also requires some explanation. According to our military laws we have two majors to the regiment, each in command of five companies. As your service indicates but one major, what must be done in regard to it? From all indications that I have had from various counties, I have no doubt that you would receive offeers of several regiments within a week after a collision occurred. According to our laws a company organizes as soon as forty men are enrolled. I have directed gentlemen to organize as soon as the number is enrolled, and they cam go on afterward to perfect their drill and fill up the company. I do that in order to get the skeleton of the second battalion made up as quickly as possible. The first is already organized, and will select its major in a few days. All indications at present seem favorable to a continuance of peace until Mr. Lincoln can convene his Congress and get power with which to attack you. That he means to do so eventually is evident from his appointment of a judge in your State. I shall go on to perfect the regiment in order to move at a moment's notice, but do not expect to be called upon this summer. I shall amuse myself canvassing the State, and feel a strong confidence in our ability to carry it in August. If we do, we shall join you about the 1st of January.

Very truly,

BLANTON DUNCAN.

[4.]

MOBILE, March 29, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Two regiments Mississippi Volunteers are on march to tis place by order of Governor of Mississippi. The number of rank and file not yet reported, but estimated at 1, 700. Eight ocmpanies of them are here; the whole under my command until organized and mustered into sercice of the Confederate States.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS CLARK,

Major - General of Army of Mississippi.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, March 29, 1861.

Major General CHARLES CLARK

Army of Mississippi, Mobile Ala.:

The Mississippi troops can be organized into regiments before leaving Mobile or after reaching Pensacola, as you prefer. Let this be done, however, before they are mustered into service. This muster will take place at Pensacola, but transportation is provided for them form Mobile, without reference to their being mustered into service.

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

