
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, May 29, 1862.

Colonel Henry TALBRID,

Commanding Forty- first Regiment Alabama Vols., Tuscaloosa:

COLONEL: Have justa received a dispatch from General Bragg in these words: "Send to Columbus, misss., all your organized regiments. We have arms for all." The Governor regrets being obliged to send troops to the field so soon after their roganization, but presumes the exigency is a pressing one. Three of our new regiments have already reached Corinth, and two more will leave this week. Please write me the earliest day at which our regiment can leave.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Aedjutant and Inspector Geernal of Alabama.

[15.]

BRIGADE HEADUQARTERS, HARDEE'S CORPS,

Jnue 3, 1862.

General JORDAN,

Chief os Staff:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received by telegraphisc dispatch I am en route for Winchester to join my forces with Colonel Starnes' regiment of cavalry and two pieces of artillery. Colonel Davis' regiment of dismounted cavalry is also en route to joinme. I have sent a detachment of seventy- five men under Captin Leavell, First Kentucky Cavalry, to capture, if practicabvlr, a detachment of Federal cavalry at Stevenso. I shall attempt, as soon as practicable, to destroy the railroad and other lines of communicationf or Gernal Mithcel's army. General M. ssms to be making a demostration upon Chattanooga; has at Fayetteville about 3,000 troops, at Bellefonte about same number, and some, number not know, at Winchester, others at Shelbyville, at Wartrace, and about 500 at Nashville.

I am, general, veryrespectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Colonel, C. S. Army, COmmmmanding Birgade.

[10.]

BALDWYN, June 5, 1862.

(Received 6th.)

The PRESIDENT:

Do not send any one just now to command the Trans- Mississippi District. It will bring trouble to this army. Hindman has been sent there temporarily. price will be on to see you soon.

EARL VAN DORN,

Majopr-Genrl.

[15.]

JACKSON, June 6, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: I have thought that a line formthme touching the conditin of affairs in this quarter would not be unacceptable. From official sources I learn that there are from 4,000 to 5,000 armed troops in the department commanded by Genarl Lovell, which embraces the region between the line of Grenada to new Orleans. There are no batteries

