
except those at Vicksburg, one below the city with some eighteen or twenty guns, and another just above with a smaller number. The enemy have from fifteenth o twenty gun- boats, according to the most reliable intelignence, threatening that positon. It is said that he has not less than 30,000 troops in New Orleans and on the Mississippi River. It is thought he will land in large force at some exposed point with a view to seizing the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad, and ultimaately taking possession at Jackson of the SOuthern Railroad the road connecting the Mississippi River with the Atlantic, and the only line from east to west which he has not yet interrupted. It is believed that the apprehension of an epidemic at New Orleans will hasten this movement. In converstaion with Gernal Lovell to- day, while he did not indicate a purpose not to contest the advance of the enemy, he expressed without reservation the unqualified opinion that with his present force he would be utterly unable to prevent the enemy from takin possession of the capital of the State and the railroad lines as above explained. I thought it my duty to put you in possession of these facts and of the oopinioon of the commanding genral. Probably he has done so in a more intelligible manner. I doubt not that the unfortunate result at New Orleans has led the countrty to place a lower estimate upon that officer's merits than he deserves, but it is due to candoer to say that under eixisting cirumstances his capacity for usefulness is not as great as it shoud be in view of the transcendent importance of the position whicxh he occupies. I will not presucme to make suggestions, feeling well assured that you will act with a view to the advnacement of the common cause and ralizing the obstacles which lie in your paqthway. It is not amiss to say that General Lvell does not take to himself any blame fopr the fall of New Orleans. In presencxe of another gentleman to- day he informed me that he communicated tothe Secretary of War before the capture of the city his apprehension of that event, and he stated, moreover, that it was rendered inevitble by the failure of the Government to adopt his suggestions and respeond to his appeals. If it is comaptible with the gernal plan of defnse to increase our forces operting upon the line of the Mississippi River pardon me for expressing the hope that the matter will receive early attention.

From luyour friend, truly,

E. BARKSDALE.

[10.]
HDQRS. DEAPTR. OF MIDDLE AND EASTERN FLORIDA,Tallahassee, june 10, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: The Fourth Regiment FLorida Volunteers, fully armed and equipped, leave Chattahoochee to- day for Columbus, Ga., en route to joinGeneral Beuauregard. When the order to move this regiment was received two companies belonging to the regiment were serving at Tampa and it took several days for them to reach their command, and besides the regiment was being reorganized for the wr, hence the delay in gettin them out of the State. The SIxth Regiment and eight companies of the Seventh Regimet are now being paid their bountty and will leave at an ealry day for Chttanooga to report to General E. Kirby Smith. The two companies of the Sevent now at Tampa Bay

21 R R- VOL LII, PT II

