
will follow the regiment to Tennessee as soon as possible. Both regiments are fully armed and equipped and composed of good material and well officered.

I have the honor to be, geenral, &amp;c.

JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

[10.]

HEADUQARTERS CHALMERS' CAVLRY BRIGADE,

June 13, 1862.

Colonel LAY:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brtigadier-Geanl Chalmers to say that he has been iformed that the enemya re retredating from Booneville in great disorder, leqaving great numbers of stragglers and deserters behind. You will therefore move promptly at 3 o'clock to- morrow morning, with the detahcmnet ordered to be in readiness fromyoru regimewnt, to the point on Clear Creek recently occupued by Geenal Bragg as a cap, where you will be joined by detachments froM Colonel Adams', Colonel Clanton's, Colonel Slemons', and Colonel Brewrr's regiments. You will assume command of the whole and follow the enemy at once in a close and rapid pursuit, picking up all stragglers and destroyng or bringing off all properrty whichthey may leave behind. Lieutenant-Colonel Wade will join you with the detachment from his regiment. The gernal will confer with him personally to- nigh, and he will be able to give you his views and purposes more in detail.

I am, veryr espectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A . GOODMAN,

Ating Asdsistant Adjutant-General.

[17.]

VICKSBURG, MISS., June 15, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, Richmond, Va.:

Possession of Vicksburg apparently a question of infantry- more desired, and a clear - headed general offiacer needed in addition, whether ranking me or not, is [not] important so that we succeed. If there is time to mount therifle cannon with cariages and ammunion, acceptable. Enemy apearing again from below. Nothing known of him from above. The Arkansas expected to be finished in five days. Captain Brown's energy satisfies us.*

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier- Genarl, Commanding.

[15.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 18, 1862.

His Excxellency Governor PETTUS,

Jackson, MIss.:

The Presidnet is absent. The arms, 1,000 in number, may be expected via Mobile. General Bragg cannot leave. We hope that General Magruder will go immediately. I shall see him this evening, and if he goes will telegraph to you. Has Colonel Flaconer been heard from about the camp of instruciton!

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[15.]

---------------

*This in reply to Davis, VOL. XV, p. 754.

---------------

