
with me and remai ing until quite late. During all myu interviews with Geneal Anderson his conduct was that of a gentleman and of an officer ready and able to do his duty. In conclusion, I feel justified in the opiniopn that had I been present my evieence and such other as I could have produced would have prevented the arrest of Genarl Andersonand the caherges against him.

I reamin, geenral, veryrespectfully, your obedienet servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Chief Engineer State of Georgia.

[6.]CLOVERDALE, LOOKOUT VALLEY, GA., june 23, 1862.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: If Chattnooga falls the following serious disasters will follow, viz: First. The Ynkees will control the terminus of the East Tennessee and 	Virginia Railroad and of the Georgia State raod. Second. The Confederate States will be cut off from its supply of coal for its work- shops and foundries in Georgia and South Carolina. Third, The Confederate States will be cut off fromits main supply of slatpeter. Fourth. The gate will be closed to su for a movemeent into Middle Tennessee, which if not soson made inforce Tennessee will be lost to us. Fifth. If possessed of Chattanooga, the Yankees can ivade Georgia, Alabama, and South Carolina. While such dangers will flow from the fall of Chattanooga no place in the Cofnederacy has greater natural advantages ofor defense. It can easily be fortified and hten held by an inferior against a greatly superior force. I regret to say that up to this time its fortification has been neglected. Coming up to Chattanooga lately from my home in Macon, Ga., these views ipressed me deeply, and I beg leave to present them to you. VIce- President Stephens and Colonel Mewmminger know me, to 	whom, iof desirable, you are referred as to who has the honor of addressing you. Resepctfully, your obedeient servant,

JAMES A. NISBET.

[16.]

VISCKSBURG, June 23, 1862.

(Received 24th.)

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Have sent to oxford for 6,000 men by authority of GeneraL Bragg. Traansports with troops of enemy will peobably arrive to- night. Twenty- seven gun and mortar boats now below city. Will not give up unless beaten back by superior force. Foot by foot the city will be sacrificed. Of course, citizens prousd to do so. Will you place the ram ASrkansas, now on Yazoo, under my orders.!*

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[15.]

TUPELO, MISS., June 24, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

The President's telegram was received. The enemy still confronts me with a superior force. To detach any more would place me dierctly

---------------

*For reply, see Davis to Van Dorn, VOL. XV, p. 767.

---------------

