
be proper to assign him to. We have deemed it out duty to make this statement in confidence to you, as you might not otherwise learn the facts. General Heth having been ordered from this command can do no further injury to us, but might do irreparable injury at some other point.

We are, most respectfully, lyour obedient servants,

A. A. CHAPMAN.

OLIVER BEIRNE.

[First indorsement.]

Resepctfully submitted to the President for his ifnormation.

These are gentlemen of walth, intelligence, and respectability, but other gentlemen, their equals in all respects, think very differently with the same opportunities of observation.

G. W . R.

[Second indorsement.]

The character as a soldier of Brigadier- General Heth is well established by long and arduous service. Unprofessional criticism should not impair the confidence of the War Deaprtment, but judgment should rest on the official reports. with this I return a letter from General Heth on the conduct of certain parties in Southwestern Virginia.

J. D.

[Inclosure.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., July 4, 1862.

Colonel G. W. C. LEE, C. S. Army,

Aide- de- Camp tot he President, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR CUSTIS: I wish to make as tatement which I think the President should be cognizant of, as it materially militates against the interest of the Confederate States in Southwestern Virginia. A party of bad, bold, and disappointed men are trying in every way to break down the C. S. army in the section of country which I have just left. I regret to say that it is my belief that General Floyd is at the head of this organiztion. The object appears to be to break down the C. S. army in SOuthwestern Virginia, and upon its ruins to build up an army of their own, or to render it unpopular, and if possible, ineffecient. They urge upon the people that the conscript law never was intended to be cxaried into effect; that Congress had no idea of compelling all men between the ages of eighteen and thirty- five to enter the service, but it was to be optional, trusting to their patriotism; that the law was especially passed to affect the Army as it stood, and keep up its organ- system of maligning and abusing C. S. officers was inaugurated in Southwestern Virginia as soon as General Floyd returned to that section of the country, prior to the passage of the conscript law. TO such Marshall's command that General M. informed me he was compelled quaently informed by Colonel McCausland that as soon as his regiment was atte\ached to my command the same system was pursued among his plest official act of a commander in Southwestern Virginia is censured by the newspapers in the pay of this party, and the utmost done to break down his influence. If the army which the State of VIrginia has authorized General Floyd to raise is ever orgainized, I am confident

