
QUINCY, April 1, 1861.

Captain J. L. WHITE, or

Honorable B. BAKER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

GENTLAMEN: I wrote you per last mail inclosing letter form J. L. Smallwood. Since then I have received the inclosed one from him which I deem it proper to likewise inclose to you, thinking it may contribute something toward keeping you posted.

Yours, truly,

J. R. HARRIS.

Our soldiers for Pensacola take steamers at Chattahoochee on Friday next at 12m. Apalachicola company, 50 to 55; Jackson company, 50 to 55; Young Guard [Gadsden], 60 to 65; two companies [Leon], 110 to 120; one company [Jefferson], 50 to 55; one company

[Madison], 50 to 55; two companies [Alachua], 100. Those farther west will march through.

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, March 25, 1861.

J. R. HARRIS, Esq.:

MY DEAR SIR: I wrote you Saturday about the move of the Government respecting transferring munitions to Pensacola. Since then we have learned from a Governmetn officer here that they had written on jto Washington for further instructions, and that they had abandoned the idea. The plan was to land the supplies on Santa Rosa Inlet, but they find a fortification thrown up by the seceders which defeats that plan of operation, and hence they have to abandon the project, and I see no way for them open but to recognize the Southern Confederacy. They will have to do it, and I should not be surprised if New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and perhaps the Western States unite with the South in the end, in making a reconstruction of the Union. They seem to let everything go by defailt. The new tariff is a poser, and will help to get the new Confederacy acknowledge by foreign Governments. In shourt, before the old Government wakes up to the real position they will have lost the power of reconstructing. This si my idea. I would like to see Uncle " Abe " and jhis Cabinet run out of Washington, and that will be if they attempt coercion in any way. I will let you know if there is any new move. I feel satisfied the first information snt you will not be carried out.

Yours, in great haste,

J. L. SMALLWOOD.

[1.]

WAR DEPT., ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 3, 1861.

Colonel W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Fort Morgan:

SIR: The views expressed in your communication of the 28th ultimo in regard to the strength of your command are entirely approved by the Secretary of War. Should you at any time have a force larger than may be necessary for the defense of Fort Morgan the overplus

3 R R - VOL LII, PT II

