
JULY 28, 1862.

Colonel GORGAS:

The Presidnet wishes to know why the arms sent to Vicksburg have not rahced. Only 1,000 small- arms have reached there. He thinks 2,700 were sent. Also what has become of the ordnance and ordnance stores sent. WIll colonel Gorgas oblige me by procuring the information so that I can report the facts to the President in the mornign!

Very respectfully,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide- de- Cmap.

[15.]

JULY 28, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM PRESTON JOHNSTON:

Please to inform the President that nothing but the 1,000 arms, the receipt of which is acknowledged, were sent to Governor Pettus. All other things were directed to General Van Dorn, and special messentgers were sent. They have doubtless reached there. I will telegraph to the various points of shipment and to the ordnance officer at Jackson to ascertain. Whole amount sent 4,700, of which aboaut 2,500 were rifles.

Resepctfully,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel.

[15.]

Governor HARRIS, Tennessee:

SIR: Your letter of the 12th instant to the Secretary of War, suggesting the expediency of sending to General Kirby Smith's command the three Tennessee regiments now in Virginia, has been referrred to me. You are aware that these are the only Tennessee regiments left in the army now struggling in defense of the Confederate capital, and were I to con sent to your propositon your State would be deprived of her share in the glory to be derived from that achievement. I am unwilling, therefore, to detach them from the army in Virginia, but I fully concur with you as to the importance of recruiting their now thinned ranks. I think that by sending home efficient officers from each regiment to collect recruits their exerctions, with your efficient aid, will prove speedily successful To make up a full brigade, a fourth regiment is necessary. If this can be forwarded, I shall be glad of it, but in any event consent to appoint to command the Tennessee regiments the officer whorn you designate and so highly recommend and whose influence may contribute advantageously tot he formation of the proposed command oc four regiments, or, at least, to the recruitment of the three.*

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[16.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 31, 1862.

General G. J. PILLOW,

Oxford, Mississippi:

Your dispatch recieved.+ With regret I learn the wholesale devastation and robbery which you report. The GHovernm, ent will continue

---------------

*See Harris to Randolph, July 30, 1862, VOL. XVI, Part II, p. 739.

+See 28th, p. 332.

---------------

