
majori9ty of whom are of Northern birth and caliming to be citizens of Florida. Under these circumstances you may believe that there is reasonalble cause of apprehension pervading the public mind of Florida.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

[Indorsement.]

Inform Governor Milton that the telegraph declining Captain Dunham's battery was subsequent to the orders to the Eighth Regiment to leave Florida; that notice was given some time in advance, probably several weeks, of an intention to order the regiment from the State, and that the Fifth Regiment was selected by General Finegan in response to a telegraph to send such infantry as could be spared, and that both regiments had as much time after the order of the Deaprtment for preparation as is usually given; that no complints have reached the Department in reference to the denial of elections to any Florida regiment; that such complints are always redressed as promptly as the diffiacutly of communicaiton with armies in the field will permit; that inquiry will be made of General Finegan intothe movements of the artillery companies complined of and also concerning the failure to give proper notice to the Fifth and Eighth Regiments of their intended removal fromt he State.

[G. W. R.]

[14 and 15.]

HEADUQARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Lebgvanon, August 6, 1862.

Major G. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Having this morning learned that the enemy was in large force seven miles b3low this place, I moved forward the largest propertion of my command, leaving my wagons and such men as were unwell, or had useless horses, at camp near Liberty, under command of Colonel Lawton, Second Georgia Regiment, Cavalry. When within six miles of this place several citizens informed me that a force of 12,000 or 15,000 or the enemy had come in this morning. I immediately sent forward a r econnoitering force and ascertaqined that it was only an observation corps, which remained by a very few minutes. I arrived here with my command at 3.30 p. m., and shall immediately move forward toward Mufreesborough. My informalito9n here is that the enemy has a force stationed at the cross- rods, where the Jefferson road crosses the turnpike from this place to Murfreesborough. The point designated is seven miles from Murfreesborough. I belive, fromt he informatin that I now have, that this force is stationed there for the purpose of protecting them in the movement of their trins from Murfreesborough. I learn from a reliable souce that the enemy is diligently engaged in running his heavy siege guns and artillery across the river from Nashville. Owing to the broken condition of the road between Nashville and Franklin, Ky., transportation between those points is very difficult and almost impossible. Therfore, I am of an opinion that an energetic movement forward by our force would certainly result in overtaking the Federals before they could escape from Tennessee.

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

[16.]

