
CHAPTTANOOGA, TENN., August 8, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo. This would be more speedily done here than by the policy which you suggest, but I hope the latter may be successful. I shall certainly give all the aid in my power to make it so. The ranks of most of the Tennessee retiments now in the service are thinned by disease and the casualties of the field, and az we advance into Middle Tennessee I confidently expect a large number of volunteers, yet not a sufficient number to fill all of our now skeleton regiments, and apprehend that it will be found necessary when ewe shall have regained possession of that part of the State to order the conscreipts of the State into service, in order that those regiments may all be promptly filled. The Government shall have all the facilities in my power to give to enforce this order when it shall be made. While we are thus recruiting old regiments I doubt the policy of attempting to raise a new regiment to co plete the Tennessee brigade in Virginia. If a fourth regiment shall be necessary, it is better to oreder some one of the old regiments to that brigade. I am gratified at the assurance which you gave me that General Whitthorne should be appointnted to command this brigade. His appointment is sought and desired by the brigade, a nsd I am confindent he will make an efficient officer who will acquit himself with credit.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for attention and reply.

The exepctation was that the new brigadier and the officers sent would be effective to obtain recruits. Thge conscripts of East Tennessee might be better emoployed here.

J. D.

[Seceond indorsement.

Inform Governor Harris that General Bragg has been authoized to enroll conscripts in Tennessee whenever it is deemed advisable to do so, and that the conscripts from East Tennessee will probably be more valuable here tahan in Tenneiments here might be filled up so soon as East Tennessee is clred of the enemy.

G. W. R.

[16.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 185. Richmond, August 9, 1862.

* * * *

X. Major Leyden's battalion of light artillery, Georgia Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Abingodon, Va., and will report to Major General W. W. Loring, commanding Department of Southwestern Virginia, for duty with Brigadier General H. Marshall's command.

BY command ofte Secrttary of War:

John WIHETRS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[16.]

