
[CHAP. LXIV.

may be transferred to Pensacola, giving the preference to the companies of Capts. J. G. Coltart and S. A. M. Wood, should they prefer such transfer.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 3, 1861.

[General DUFF C. GREEN:]

GENERAL: The receipt of your two favors of the 30th ultimo are acknowledge, as also your telegram as to the action of General Cleens on Special Orders, Numbers 14. I hope and trust we shall get through the Fort Morgan business safety, and that in a few days the Confederacy will have charge of every man, woman, and child at that post and Pensacola. You nedd not for the present increase your supply of clothing. The Governor has not determined what is to be done with the sugar and coffee at this place. It will most probably be furned over to the C. S. quartemaster, and if wanted at Mobile he will send it to that point. The 107 balls were shipped by the Governor, and he has paid the freight. The Confederacy, however, should pay the freight on everything shipped on requisition of its officers. As to receipting Colonel Echols, " as per invoice on original weight," the Governor directs me to say that you will receipt onlu for the amount and at the weight you actually receive. I intended to say as much in my letter of 28th ultimo, to which you will please refer. The corn in Mobile, the Govenor is advised, will be taken by the Confederacy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

QUINCY, April 3, 1861.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

About 580 men, with regiment organization, will leave Chattahoochee on the night of the 5th for Columbus, where transportation and subsistence are expected.

T. W. BREVARD,

Adjutant - General of Florida.

[1.]

MOBILE, ALA., April 4, 1861.

[SECRETARY OF WAR:]

DEAR SIR: I received your dispatch this morning. I would go at once to Arkansas if I could see how I could be spared from Alabama. It seems to me that everything in the military line in our State which I have not dine myself has been done wrong. I am now just where I can see my way clearly through, and I am afraid to trust it to other hands. When I get the 2, 000 men for whom you have made a requisition properly turned over, I will cheerfully go to Arkansas. Indeed, I suppose that will be time enough, as the election does not take place until the 3rd of August.

