
ABINGDON, VA., August 15, 1862.

General S. B. BURCKNER:

MY DEAR SIR: I see fromteh newspapers uyou have arrived in Richmond after your long confinement and I hasten to offer you my sincere congratulations upon your delivery. I sincerely hope your long captivity will be in some small measure comensated by your immediate promotion, for in my judgment the best intersts of the country would be greatly advanced by your elevation tot he highest rank in the Confederate Army. The action of the Government toward me on account of the trasactions at Fort Donelson was to me a matter of the greatest surprise. In my heart I feel that I have suffered the greatest injustice, but I have uttered no complint. I am at a loss to account for the course, but think it the result of misrepreeentation and calumny of me whispered in the President's ear by mean and unworthy men. You know, better than any other man, that all which human exertion could do was done to defend that point to the last extremity, which you and I both believed, fromteh time we were in Russellville, was untenable fromits position and the dispositiont ehn made of the army by General Johnston. But I did not intend to write a review of Fort Donelson to you, who understand the whole subject better than I do, but simply to drop you a line of sincere congratulation at your restoration tothe country and to the army. I do not think yuou have stood in need of any defnse during your absence, but I have allowed no occesion to pass without bearing ready and willing testimony to your high merits and valuable services.

With a sincere hope for your advancement and success, I am, general, very truly, lyour friend,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

[7.]
HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, August 17, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

The Governor has called out the militia between the ages of thirty- five and forty- five in thsii deaprtment. They are not yet enrolled and organized. Can they volunteer in the Confederate service, and do they receive bounty! They are inclined to volunteer, and the prompt publication oft heir authority to do so will give me many recruits. Please reply by telegraph.

W. W. LORING,

Major-Gweneral, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Until mustered in the State service they can volunteer, and will receive bountty if they volunteer for three years or the war.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[16.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 18, 1862.

General H. MARSHALL, Abingdon, Va.:

Move when General Smith telegraphs to you.*

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[16.]

---------------

*This in reply to Masjhall, VOL. XVI, Part II, p. 763; for reply to this, see ibid., p. 764.

---------------

