SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 194. Richmon, d August 20, 1862.

* * * *

XXIV. Major Thomsas M. Jack, assistant adjutant-geenrl, Provisional Army, will proceed without delay to Chattanooga, Tenn., and report for duty to General Bragg, commanding, &amp;c.

* * * *

XXVII. Lieutenant Colonel Eugene E. McLean, assistant quartermaster general, will proceed without delay to Chattanooga, Tenn., and report to General Braxton Bragg, commanding, &c., as chief quartermaster ovf his command.

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[16.]

[AUGUST 20, 1862.- For report of CHief of Ordnance, C. S . Army, relative to losses of stores incurred at Forts Henry and Donelson, and in the retreat from Columbus, New Madrid, Bowling Green, and Nshaville, see Series IV.]

Resolved, That, in the judgment of the council of the provisional governmant of Knetcky, the time is near at hand when the military forces of the Confederate States should enter the State of Kentucky; and that the Gocvenor and council of the provisional government should, as soon as said State is occupied by said forces, proceed to organize and extend its jurisdiction and authority over the same, and to taise suchmilitary forces asmay be msot exedient and effectual in the pending war; and for the purposes aforesaid, R. Hawes, Govenror, be requested to visit Richmond and lay before the President the views of the council in the premises, and ake such financial arrangements with the Confederate authorities as may be most judicious to secure the benefit of any appropriations made by the Congress to aid the people and State of Kentucky.

JAMES P. BATES,

President of the Council.

R. McKEE,

Clerk pro tempore of the Council.

The above is a correct copy of a resolution passed by the council of the provisional governmant of Kentucky on the 27th day of August, 1862.

R. McKEE,

Clerk pro tempore of the COuncil.

[16.]

ABINGDON, VA., August 28, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: As a military man you will clearly understand the embarrassment under which I move to Kentucky. My column from its very weakness invites attack and fromt he nature of the country is so far removed fromt the others as to have to act indeparndently. I have tried in vain to procure re- enforcements. I thought the column should be 10,000 strong; in fact, I knew it ought not to lbve less, for it will be on a flank of the great army entering the State, and, threfore, a chosen saliency to be assailed. Filing to obtain re- enformcements I have been thus far engaged in a struggle to get my best regiment away from Major-General Loring, and only yesterday succeeded in the effort. I shall not have more than 3,000 infantry, and by all means it should be

