
8,000. I then made requisition for 5,000 stand of small- arms, for some of my men are absolutely without guns. This has been cut down to 2,000 stand, and when they wiarrive heaven only knows. Have you any that you can spare! Can you let me have any! I am already written to and applied to by my force in Kentucky for arms andhave none to send. Please telegraph me, and if you have any, spare me what you can. I should have written to you yesterday but thought Colonel Wlter would let you know briefly my situation. The enemy keeps his eye on me and my movements, a ndhas dispatched a column from Cincinnati already of 3,500 men to dispute my passage to Morgan County. He had 600 before upon the Sandy. One thousand of my men (all raw recruits) will not come forward for a month I think, but I shall move with some 3,000 infantry and two batteries and about 400 horse. Should friends come and I have no arms to place in their hands it will be a terrible disaster, but I have now done all I cn to prevent it. Ihave not the arms, and it seems I cannot obtain them unless you can spare them, and I wish you could send me some regiments along with htem. I shall leave here in two or three days. My cavalry moved forward to the mountains to- day. I sahll get over in ten days, and in eighteen I hope to be at West Liberty.

I am, very truly, &amp;c.,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General.

[16.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 203. Richmon, d August 30, 1862.

* * * *

XI. The six companies of rangers at August, Ga., under Major J. R. Griffin, the four companies of cavalry at Macon, Ga., under Major C. T. Goode, and the several companies of cavalry at Savannah, Ga., which can be spared by Brigadier-General Mercer, will proceed at once to Chattanooga, Tenn., and report to General B. Bragg, commanding, &c., for duty with Major General Samuel Jones.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

ED. A. PALFREY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[16.]

JACKSON, August 30, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS.

President, &c., Richmond, V.:

Colonel Wirth Adams' cavalry much needed in Norhwest Mississippi. He is anxious to go. If possible let it be ordered.

JONHN J. PETTUS.

[Indorsements.]

Secretary of War for report.

J. D .

ADJUTANT- GENERAL:

Inform me where Colonel Wirt Adams' cavalry are, and what they are doing.

GEO. WL. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

