
such relation to my own section of the State as torely naturally on Lexington. My plan, submitted to General Bragg, is that I shall cut the Ohio at Maysville, Bragg at Louisville, while Smith holds Lexinggon, thus insulating Cincinnati, while Price cuts her off from Cairo by crossing at Evansville and seizing the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad in Illinois; thence bearing directly on Alton and Saint Louis. Our line must thsus embrace in our grasp the captal of Kentucky (in which we should install the provisionl Governor and government until the people can hold a convention) and all the lines of railroad in the State. To do my part, I must have arms, and I submit that I should have rank equal to my command. Please don't overlook my application for young Edward O. Guerrant. He is with me.

Yours, truly, &amp;c.,

H. MARSHALL.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 7, 1862.

Respectuflly submitted to the President for his information.

This paper escaped attention until to- day, having slipped into a bundle not examined. We have not the arms to sapre and the general order exempting Kentcky from caonscription leavees General Bragg free to organize his forces as he thinks best.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[16]

HEADUQARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Black's Shop, Seven Miles from Murfreesborough, September 8, 1862.

Major G. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I arrived at this place at 9.30 a. m. The F3deral pickets left here this mornig. Hazen with three regiments and a lengty train left here yesterday at 3 p. m. They were on their way to Nashville. McCook's division isnow moving from murfreesborough to Nashville, and will pass this place in an hour or two. General Crittenden, with 16,000, encamped from Tuesday until yesterday morning, 2 a. m., at this place, and then hastily decamped for Nashville. McCook's division is said to be the rear of their forces. There is a large amount of flour, from 1,500 to 2,000 barrels, at Liberty, Alexandria, and Lebanon. If you pass that way you can get it, or you can sned down your wagons. It is good flour at $10 per barrel. Please inform me where I shall next communicate with you.

Resepctfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, First Cavalry Brigade.

P. S.- Kirby Smith won a glorious victory near Richmond, Ky. The abolition forces have fallen back to Covington. General SMith occupied Lexington without resistance, and his forces are reported within thirty-nine miles of Covington. The abolition papers of Cincinnati admit a loss of one- thiord their force in the Richmond (Ky.) fight. General Nelson was wounded, supposed mortally.

N. B. F.

[16.]

