
shall co-operte with you very cordially in all movements which in my judgment tend to the promotion of the good of our cause, and I tust that on your part no step will be taken to prevertn my increasing this command to the capacity I think I can give it. It is now deficient in cavlry, and if you think lyou have more than you want I will be plaased to have you turn over to me the applicants under your proclamations, and I will swell my own command under my powers, which are independent of those given you.

Yours, truly, &amp;c.,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

[16.]

JACKSON, September 13, 1862.

Honorable J. P. JOHNSON:

I have no orders for Chattanooga. Am ordered by General Van Dorn to Holly Springs. Last of my troops leave here to- day. I groan and obey.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.

[17.]

HEADIQARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,

DEPARTMENT OF EAST AND WEST FLORIDA,

Tallahassee, September 14, 1862.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report on the letter of HIs Exzcellency Governor Milton, referred to me. The letter embraces a variety of subjects, and I will confine myself procipally to those connected with themilitary sevice. Imay be permitted, however, to state that I am not advised that there is anay dissatisfactionont he part of the people of Florida, either with the Government or ewith the means of defense which have been provieded for them, and I am entirely satisfied that there is and has been as little disloyalty ont ehpart of their citizens as of those of any othe State of the Confederacy. I do not know of one oavowed traitor, andI believe tehre are but few secret ones, even where they have been subjected for long periods of time to the control of and to contact with thenemey. It is ture, as stated int the Govenror's letter, that there is no organized regiment in the State, but it is also true that during the summer the department has not imperatively needed one. Some time since, in my letter to the Adjutant-General of the 30th of May, I asked permission to raise two companies to be added to the eight indepaendent companies of cavlry, a ndone company to be thrown together with the First Special Battalion and the tthree independent companies of infantry, a ndorganized into a regiment of cavalry and one of infantry, resepctively, making the Second Cavalrya and Ninth Infantry. I received the authority, and the two companies of cavalry were immeditately raised. Thieir muster- rolls have already been sent on, and the regiment may now be organized by the appointment of thei field officers. Before the company of infantry required to complete the proposed regiment was raised, the order of the Adjutant-General forbidding the entry of conscripts into new corps was rreceived, and I doubyed whether, wityhout more explicit instruxctions, I would contravence the policy of the Government by organizing new companies composed of men liable to conscripton. I still think the interests of the

