
and Colonel Davis was allowed to proceed, not, however, without being advised of the order of the Adjutant-General for his reorganization, and his assurance that the order would be carried into effect as soon as he could communicate with General Lawton, and while the regiment was still within his department. Why it was not done I am unable to state.

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH FINEGAN,

[15.] Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, Ala., September 15, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: More han six weeks since I wrote to the War Department, requisting specific information as to what preparations were making by the Confederate authorities for the supply of our troops with shoes, blankets, and woolen clothing for the fall and winter. The answer I received was to the effect that while measures had been taken which it was hoped would obtain the necessary supply of these articles, yet, as they were to be procured from Europe, the getting them into our ports was, under surrounding circumstances, very uncertain, and that it was most desirable to secure the co-operation of the State to the extent of its abilities in making provision for these articles. The letter referred to was written before the call of Lincoln for the additional force of 300,000, and if before, therefore the necessity was crated for a large increase of our forces. If Congress properly appraciates our rue condition it must, and I trust will, provide at the earliest possible day for bringing every man into the field who can be of more service to the country as a soldier than in any civil capacity, and this accession to our armies will necessity involve corresponding increase of shoes, blankets, and whoolen clothing. I don't think there is a single blanket loom in the Confederate States, and with the difficulties of obtaining leather, and the conscription of so large a proportion of shoemakers, it will be difficult, if not impossible, to obtain shoes in sufficent quantities for our troops. I have used my utmost exertions for the last three months, and if I get a thousand pair I shall be agreably surprised. It is the same thing with wool. I have made a lrge contract, but it has to come from Texas, and the chance of getting it in are not as certain as I could wish. With all the Confederate authorities can do the supplies of these articles will be short, and I am not disposed, so far as the troops from his State are concerned, to leave other matters to change. I am informed that at Nashville, and, I suppose, at every other point at any comercial importance in Tennessee which has been occupied by the enemy, as well as in every town in Kentucky, supplies, either large or small, of shoes, blankets, woolen cloth, thread, and buttons can be obtained. My object is to secure as much of them as the State can pay for, to be used solely for the furnishing her troops. To accoplish this I have appointed Major Joseph H. Bradford to act as State agent or quatermaster, and should our forces occupy Nashville or any other point at which these supplies are to be had and from which transportatin can be effecgo to work at once. Salt also is an article of the highest necessity. I am doing everything I can in that direction, but with all I can do I shall fall

