
far short of meeting the actual necessary demand. The indigent families of ours soldiers must be supplied, and it is my object, if possible, to extend the State purchases to this article. I fear I have been somewhat prolix in coming to the point, so far as your are concerned. I cannot carry out my plan effectually without your aid in afffording to my agents the necessary facilites of ingress, &amp;c., which may enable them, first, to make the purchases, and secodnly, to obtain transportation when made, to be exercised, of course, so as not to interfere with Confederate interests. By affording these facilities I think I can say with certainly that you will add to the efficienty of our army, and add still another obligation to the many I am already under to you.

Very respectfully, &c.,

John GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

(Copy to Major General Samuel Jones, Chattanooga.)

[16.]

AJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, Ala., September 15, 1862.

Major Joseph H. Bradford, assistant quatermaster, Alabama, will immediately proceed to Tennessee, for the purpose of purchasing blankts, shoes, woolen colth, hickory shirting, buttons, thread, and buckles for the State of Alabama, to be furnsihed to its troops in the armies of the Confederacy and State service; also for use of the indigent families of our volunteers. Major Bradford is invested with discretinatory authority to extend his purchases into Kentucky, if he can do so with advatage to the State.

By order of the Governor:

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

[16.] Adjutant and Inspector General of Alabama.

NEAR WALTON, September 19, 1862.

[General JOHN H. MORGAN?:]

GENERLAL: I arrived at this point late this evening and found Colonel Hutcheson showly retrating before a Federal force of cavalry and infantry. I hated the column at Crittenden, seven miles from Walton. Lieutenant Roberts, commanding the advance guard, remained with a portion of his command at the tool-gate beyond Walton until he had an opportunity of seeing their force. He fired upon their advance and caused them to from line of battle. He estimates their force at a regiment of infantry and about 800 cavalry. He saw no artillery. The cavalry were ery timied, but the infantry seemed confident and well drfelled. They camped on Mrs. Gaines' farm, two miles beyond Walton. Lieutenant Roberts drove in their pickets as soon as they were stationed. The scouts sent to Hamilton's Landing to-day report no troops there, but that thirty-two transports crowded with troops passed there last night and this morning, going toward Louisville. A citizen reported that a train of Federal wgons passed Independence this evening, moving this way, and the citizens state that troops were to have been at Independence last night. These are rumors lacking confiramtion.

23 R R-VOL LII, PT II

