
I will watch the force at Walton to-morrow closely, and if comelled to fall back, will do so slowly. I have a company at Falmouth, and can keep informed of all that transpires in that direction. I will immediately dispatsch you everything that occurs.

Respectfully,

B. W. DUKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.- I neglected to state that the railroad bridge at De Mossville, the bridge four miles above, and the Falmount bridge have been destroyed. A scout sent out yesterday under Captain Rogers met a force of the enemy at Union and drove them to Florence, killing 3, woudning 2, and capturing 8.

[16.]

JACKSON, MISS., September 20, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

Salt mine near New Iberia, La., owner working with few hands. Will you not order General Richard Taylor to take possession and put 1,000 hands to work? I think owner will agree. Salt for all the Confederacy is there.

JOHN J. PETTUS,

[17.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., September 22, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond;

SIR: For several months pas citizens of this State, with the approbation of the Governor of Florida, have been off the Florida coast from Saint Joseph's Bay to Choctawhatchee Bay engaged in making salt for their own home consumption. Recently the enemy has made a descent upon them driven them away, destroying their works and capturing some of their salves. Twice have our people been interrupted, and now they have suffered so seriously that all further attempts at the manufacture of salt on that coast must be wholly abandoned unless the Confederate Government can isure protection by providing a completed force in that locality. The danger of a salft famine is now almost certain, and there is scartely any misfortune which can befall us which will produce such widsepread complaint and dissatisfaction. If the destitution could be limited to the people at home, who can shift for themselves, it would not be so bad, but the families of our soldiers far away, many of them helpess and poor, appeal to us in language which cannot fail to excite our profoundest symphaties. Is there nothing in your power to do to protect salt-makes on the coast mnentioned? I suppose 300 mounted men could do it, and at the same time interecept deserters and salves seeking communication with the enemy.

Respectfully, yours,

John GILL. SHORTER,

[15.] Governor of Alabama.

