SPECIAL ORDERS, ANDJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 222. Richmond, September 23, 1862.

* * * *

XVII. The arrest of Major General G. Crittenden is hereby suspended. He will report to General Bragg for duty until a court-martial can be convened.

XVIII. The Eleventh and Twenty-first Regiment Louisiana Volunteers will be reorganized, and the companies composing the same will vbe reasembled.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[16 and 17.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MISSISSIPPI, ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Jackson, Miss., September 23, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The inclosed letter will fully explain to you the salt mine of which I dispatched you. There is need for vigorous action by t he Government to develop the resources of this mine. If promptly done, salf can be procured from there sufficient for Mississippi and Louisiana. if left alone to the slow action of the owner, I know of no probablity of getting salt from there or elsewhere. Salt can now be brought from there by steam-boat. I invoke your early exercise of all the power you have in the permises.

I am, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

JOHN J. PETTUS,

By JONES S. HAMILTON,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclusure.]

YAZOO COUNTY, September 16, 1862.

Governor JOHN J. PETTUS:

SIR: I have in the last twenty-four hours returned from my search for salt in Louisiana. I have most industriousluy ghatered information as to the salt-works in the region of country between Monroe and Shreveport, but chiefly in Bienville Parish. At all these works the yield per day is scarcely one bushel per hand. And though this work is pushed to the utmost, I think they cannot more than supply the northern region of Louisiana. It is true many of our people are now there to obtain salt, and much has been brought across the river, but for all we obtain from that region there must be corresponding suffering by the citizens of Louisiana. I have still more thoroughly investigated that salt mines in Saint Mary's Parish. These mines belong to Judge D. D. Avery, and are ten miles southwest of New Iberia, on an island formed by the waters of Vermillion Bay. The mine is approached by a causeway and bridges from New Iberia. From this point salt is shipped down the Teche River to its junction with the Atchafalaya, and thence by the latter stream to the mouth of Red River. It will be made cheaper, however, to have salt shipped within

