
authority of the Presidnet had been previously obtained for the sending from the Adjutant-General instructions to General Taylor to use his military power if necessary to aid and protect the opertions.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Fourt indorsement.]

OCTOBER 16, 1862.

Recpectfully returned to the President. See Commissary-General's indorsement.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

[17.] Sectretry of War.

NAVY DEPARTEMNT, C. S. A.,

RIchmond, September 24, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOPLH,

Sectretary of War:

SIR: I have taken measures for constructing immediately two large iron-clad rams on the Yazoo River and desire also to build one on Red River. It is very important to the success of this enterpriese that adequate that protection should be afforded; I have the honor to request that such protection may be provided, if practicable, and that you will inform me to what extent it may be relied upon.

I am respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

[17.] Secretary of the Navy.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, September 24, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am raising volunteers over thirty-five years old and under eighteen for Confederate service in the State, and there are so few Confederate officers in the State and those who are here being constantly occupied in the discharge of duties appertaining to their respective positions, that I request one may be appointed if you have not one at Richmond to spare and ordered to report to me. For the appointement I recommend Mr. James M. Stewart, alluded to in the inclosed letter from his commander, to either a captaincy of lieutenancy in the Provisional Army. Mr. Stewart was lieutenant-colonel of a militia regiment and an officer much esteemed, but resigned the position and volunteered as a private soldier. In previous letters to His Excellency the President (dated October 29), and to the Secretary of War, I submitted to their consideration the necessity of establishing a military department of portions of Georgia, Alabama, and Florida. Inclosed is an extract of my letters. The present condition of affairs in our State requires me to urge this subject again for serious consideration and prompt action. General Finegan has not more forces at his command than may be necessary for the defenses of East Florida, and if he had enough for the entire department as it now exists, it is so extensive and important positions so far separeated, it would be impossible for him or any other general having command of this department to give the personal attention necessary. I hesitate not to express the opinion that if the enemy shall desire to do so, West Florida will be subjugated

