
by them, and they will command the river from Apalahicola to Columbus, Ga., during the next winter, unless the suggestion to establish another deparment shall be favorably acted upon, or some other more feasible plan for defense shall be adopted. The river is now low and has been for several months. The probablity is that in a few weeks the rains usual in the autumn and winter will make it navigable for gun-boats, when we may have cause to regret unimproved opportunities. Will you be pleased to invite the attention of the President to the renewed proposition for another military department. If is shall be established I have no proference of an officer for the command. All I desire would be an energetic and competent officer.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

P. S.- General Finegan in command of either of the departments and as officer as efficient in the other would guarante safety.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

TALLAHASSEE, FLA, September 22, 1862.

His Excellency Governor JOHN MILTON:

GOVERNOR: I take great pleasure in recommending to you for the position of enrolling officer James M. Stewart, a private in Captain Ellis' company, of my battalion. Mr. Stewart is of one of the first families in the State, is young man of fine education, strict morality and industry, and energetic in habit. Should it please you to favor Mr. Stewart with such appointment, you will not only secure the services of a prompt and completent officer, but you will add another link to the many personal favors already extended to myself.

I have the honor to be, your must obedient servant,

CHAS. F. HOPKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

The military department, now most respectfuly proposed, may be composed of the following counties in the States above named, viz: In Georgia-Decatur, Thomas, Miller, Early, Baker, Clay, Calhun, Randolph, Quitman, Stewart, and Muskogge; in Alabama-Henry, dale, Barbour, and Russell; in Florida-Leon, Gadsedn, Wakulla, Jefferson, Madison, Libery, Washington, Jackson, Calhoun, and Franklin. This proposition has been submitted to the Governors of Georgia and Alabama. The remaining counties in Middle, East, and South Florida will from a military department sufficient in itself to command the utmost vigilance of an experienced and able officer.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON.

[15.]

BARDSTOWN, KY., September 24, 1862.

To the FREEMEN OF Kentucky:

One year ago I addressed you from Russeville. The despotism of the North, though at that time only in its incipiency, had already invaded our State. The professional advocates of free speech had curshed the

