
these outwals for their crimes. Nor need you look to Butler and New Orleans to see the depths of deredation to which man may descend when he becomes the instrument of abolition tyranny. From the jails and prisons of our own State the fair daughters of Kentucky call upon us to release them from a despotism almost without a parallel in history. Well may the organ of Mr. Stewart exclaim that it is time the North had learned that they were "warring not only against a untiled South but against the sentiments of the civilized world". The name of the "Austrian buthcer", whose cruelty was wreaked upon only one woman, conveys and idea of moderation compared with those of these Northern despots. Let us not insult the momory of the Austrian by mentioning his name in the same sentence with those of Mitchel and Butler and Boyle and Turchin.

Kentuckians! View the position in which the leaders o-called Union party would place our State. In a thousand ways they solemnly declare that any attempt to coerece the South should be me by the armed opposition of Kentucky. With these declarations upon their lips they gained your suffarges. But no sooner had they been placed in power than, in violation of their repeatched pledges, they joined in the abolition crusade againts the South. Under the guise of a faithless neutrality, they devised a scheme of trachery to the people of this State which is calculated to deprive us of all civil equality and to make us virtually the political serfs of the North. Through all the mazes which duplicitly can lend to a trotuous course they have sought to lead you from the support of the neutrality policy which they imposed upon the State into making yourselves the instruments of enforcing against the South and against yourselves the policy of indiscriminate plunder and robbery now urged by the abolition Government of the North.

Freemen of Kentucky!. Whatever doubts may have herefore existed as to the designs of the North Governemnt they have been dispeled by the last proclatation of the President. In violantion of every principle of the Constitution, in violantion of his own constructions of that instrument, in violant of his own most solemn pledge, President Lincoln, assuming to be the master of all his subjects, and that you are his subject slaves, has now fulminated a general proclamation of freedom to the slaves and of robbery of other property of the South. It is the fixed policy of the North. If the will of this abolition autocrat can be fulfilled, he will make his people a nation of bandits, and will light the incendiary torch around every Kentucky fireside. There are millions of Northern herts which revolt at the thought of such a policy. Can Kentuckanias be found who will any longer submit to make themselves the instruments in the hands of New England to war upon our own interest and upon the interests of our brothers of the South? Will you light the serv is to involve our own homes in the general conflagration, and draw upon ourselves the contempt and deresion of the battalion despots, who view us only as the tame instuments to carry our their will? Will you consent that the proud women of Kentucky shall become the menials of the North, or will you shake off the fetters with which you are bound show that you are whothy to be freemen?

Men of Kentucky! Two Southern armies, under the able eladership of the gallant Bragg and Kirby Smith, are now in your midst. They come to relieve you of the tyranny with which the North have so long oppressed you. No peaceable citizen, whatever his political views,

