
will be molested. We make war only against armed men; not, as our enemies do against peaceable citizens and defenseless women and children. We ask those who, from sentiments of duty, are with us to join the standard of freedom. If you are worthy of liberty you will win it. We have arms for all who will join us. Unite your efforts with those of the South, and, under the protection of Providence, our beloved State will not long be desecrated by the footstpes of the abolition oppressors. Let us not be the slaves and the instruments of the North to oppress our own people; but, actuated by the spirit of freedom which won our independence, let us prove that the sons of our State are worthy of their parentage, and entitled to claim the right of protecting the daughters of Kentucky from the insults with which they have so long been visited. Whether from the gloomy prisons which despotic authority has sreared to crush the spirit of liberty or from the ranks of this army of Southern freemen, let every Kentuckian utter a shout of defiance against the Northern tyranny, and proclaim that, under the guidance of Heaven, Kentucky shall prove worthy of her ancient fame, and shall wion for her sons and her fair daughters the rich heritage of freedom which they so fully deserve.

S. B. BUCKNER,

[16.] Major-General, Provisional Army U. S.
HDQRS. 4TH Brigadier, RES. DIV., RIGHT WING,ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Camp on Cox Creek, Ky., September 24, 1862.

Major D. E. HUGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Reserve Division, Near Bardstown, Ky.:

MAJOR: There is nothing of importance to communicate from these headquarters. The two bridges on the pike burned by the enemy will not impede our march in the slighest degree, as the banks of the streams admit of a good crossing. A man living on the pike twelve miles this side of Louisville reports that the enemy have about 50,000 in and around Louisville, mostly raw militia. They have no fortifications or intrenchments around the city. Many of the inhabitants are leaving for the Indiana side. He left Louisville on Monday evening last. General Forrest informs me that his cavalry are up as far as Mount Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. DUNCAN,

[16.] Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 224. Richmond, September 25, 1862.

* * * *

XVII. Brigadier General John H. Forney, commanding Gulf District, will reorganize and ressemble the Ninth Battalion Alabama Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[15.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

