
RICHMOND, VA., September 26, 1862.

THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

I herewith transmit, for your information, a communication from the Secretary of War in reference to the defense of Western and Southern rivers, to which I invite your attention.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 25, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for transmission to Congress the inclosed letter from Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Gilmer, with regard to the defense of Western and Southern rivers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Sub-inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., September 25, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of copies of the resolutions of the Senate and House of Representatives in reference to the obstruction and defense of Western and Southern rivers, accompanied by your indorsement, requesting this bureau to submit additional estimates, if required, and order the necessary reconnaissances forthwith. Our indvaders having been driven from much of the country brodering on the Western rivers, competent engineer officers, in accordance with your instructions, will be directed to make carful examinatios at an early day, with the view of selectiog the best sites for defensive works and for obstructions in the rivers under their guns. Heavy batteries alone cannot be relied upon the resist the iron-clad gun-boat, if the object of the enemy be to merely run by without reducing these forts; hence the obstruction of the channel becomes and essential feture of the defense. Careful study may enable the skilful engineer to devise plans for these obstructions that will sufficient resistance to withstand the powerful forces of freshet and drifwood, although a problem of much difficulty in rivers subject to such extraordinary rises. It is further hoped that an early commencement of the works may secure time for their completion before the season of high waters. To build obstructions of the requisite strength and massiveness, togther with the proper description of frots for their defense, will involve heavy outlays of money, and as the number of rivers to be examined and defended, if possible, is great, viz, the Cumberland, the Tennessee, the Mississippi, the White, the Arkansas, Yazoo, the Red, the Alabma, and perhaps others, the total expediture will amount to a large sum. The information now possessed by this bureau is not sufficient to furnish data for special estimates of coast, but from the character of the works that must be built, if made effective, the expediture for each river be large. I therefore respectfully recommend that Congress be requested to appropriate for the current year for the examiniation, obstruction, and defense of

