
I shall await you answer at this place and am, truly, your obliged friend and severant,

THOMAS L. SNEAD.

It would be more agreeable to me to take your report to General Bragg and explain tohim all that has happened here since he left, and at the same time to ask permission to report to some other general at the War Department. I cannot serve under Van Dorn. I hope that you will not ask to do it. The sooner that you escape from him (but that is now impossible) the better. I hope that my forebodings may prove flase, but it seems to me that are based on a firm foundation. If you are unwilling to grant my request, please consider this as mu unconditional and immediata resignation, and grant me leave of absence till the pleasure of the Presidnet may be made known. It pains me inexpressibly to leave the Army of the West, and, brove all, the Missouri troops and their beloved leder, but I can do nothing else consistently with my feelings and my sense of honor.

Your fiend and servant,

[17.] THOMAS L. SNEAD.

JACKSON, MISS., September 28, 1862.

President DAVIS:

On General Bragg's order General Price demands 5,000 of the exchanged prisoners, having arms for them. General Tilgham refuses to send the men, and General Price refuses General Tilgham's demand for the arms. General Price is meanced by a superior force. The enemy has an expedition on the way to Vicksvurg from Memphis and another from New Orleans to assail our positions below. What is the authority give to General Tilghman, or who is to settle the conflicts?*

[17.] JOHN J. PETTUS.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY IN Kentucky,Bradstown, Ky., September 29, 1862.

To the PEOPLE OF Kentucky:

The armies of the Confederence States now within your borders were brought here more as a nucless around which the true men of Kentucky could rally than as an ivading force against the Northwest. As you walue your rights of person and property and your exemption from tyranny and oppression you will now rally to the standard which protects you and has rescued yur wives and mothers form insult and outrage. Troops in any number will be received barmed, and will be organized into regiments as fast practicable, company officers to be elected by their men and field officers to be appointed by the President, on recommendation of the commanding general, after passing a proper examination. Companies should repair as soon as formed to Bryantsville and the officer charged with the organization and muster of recruits. Arms and ammunition are there, ready for issue to all. The usual pay and bounty will be given. Twenty companies of cavalry are wanted. After they are supplied infantry only will be received. Cavalry recurits will be received in any to the regiments now in the field. This is the last opportunity Kentuckains will enjoy for volunteering. The conscript act will be enforced as soon as necessary arrangements can be made. For futher

For reply, see VOL. XVII, Part II, p. 716.

