
information as to details apply to Major General S. B. Buckner, who is charaged with the superintendence of this duty.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

[16.] General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPI,September 29, 1862.

General BRAGG, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am satisfied we are greatly deficient in cavalry, and that this want should be supplied immediately. The front we have to fight is too great for the force at our disposal, especially to the force of the heavy cavalry force of the enemy. I regret to say it has been disminished to-day by the capture of about 200 of Wheeler's command (Crawford's Georgia regiment) at New Haven. They came upon them in great force at daybreak and caught them napping. They halted only long enough to enable them to mount, and took the road to Elizabethtown. The capture occureed this morning. I am informed there is a regiment now nearly ready for the field at Danville. Might it not be well to order it to our front; also any other regiments that may be within reach? The enemy is reported to be strong in that army at and near Louisville, and I fear it may be difficult to maintain our advanced positions without additional regiments. I have heard of the movement of a large wagon trin along the Elizabethtown pike, and am having the report investigated. Should I find it true and an opportunity at all favorable, I will move upon it. It has occurred to me that the empty wagons of the command might be loaded with provisions and sent through the Gap, and when they be loaded with shoes and clothes from Chattanooga which by that time will have reached Knoxville. A company of cavalry escorted the wagon train to Davnille. Will your order it to report to these headquarters? It has not returned, and we want them all. I am having your address circulated*.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servnat,

L. POLK,

[16.] Major-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., September 29, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &c.:

Port Hudson and Vicksburg are now thretened. Holding them essential to safety of the State and connection with Western States, larger force and more arms needed. Cannot 5,000 returend prisoners be left here at disposal of General Ruggles?+

[17.] JOHN J. PETTUS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Pocahontas, October 1, 1862.

Major T. L. SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I desire to express, in reply to your letter of the 28th ultimo, my deep and unfeigned regret at your determination, and desire that you do not consider it as a censure for me to say that I believe every Missourian here is impressed with teelings corrsponding with yours, but the military position we at present occupy toward the enemy, with

---------------

* For reply, see VOL. XIV, Part II, p. 895.

+ For reply, see VOL. XVII, Part II, p. 716.

---------------

