
an engagement where the odds are heavy against us immintently impending, calls imperatively for a sacrifice on my part and that of my army of all that we feel be due to us to secure a victory to our arms in the coming conflict. My night appreciation of your services is such that I will be glad to grant your request, as an evidence not only of my personal esteem, but of the estimate which I placed upon the untiring industry, the skill, and ability with which you discharged all your official duties. You private not was entirely unnecessary, as no one has ever uttered as entence regarding you that is not in consonance with the feelings just expressed. You will receive with this a formal ordered to convey a copy of my report as commander of the District of the Tennesee to General Bragg, and afterward to report at Richmond to the Secretary of War. You will allow me to say that I will hold your position on my staff as vacant, in the hope of my being soon transferred to a field where you will have no reluctance to serve, and where you memories of past transactions will be invaluable to the country and to me. (Which papes I trust you will not find any necessity for using, us I still trust that upon reconsideration you will agree to bear and suffer a little longer with those you have so long been pleasantly associated.) I will awiat you answer, and urgently request that you reconsider your action and report here at as early a date as convenient, assuring you that if anything in the past needs explanation it will be given with the confidence that it will be as satisfactory as your conduct has been-above blame. Be your determination what it may, you carry with you the assurance of my highest esteem and kindest regard. I had almost neglected to remind you that your intimate connection with my command since the war commenced makes you cognizant of may facts in the past valuable in the future, and your recollection of them is my sole dependence for reference.

STERLING PRICE,

[17.] Major-General.

CONGRESS to THE CONFEDERATE STATES,

Richmond, Va., October 1, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT:

The undersigned do most respectfully and earnestly urge upon Your Excellency that General Breckinridge and the forces under his command now, as we learn to Knoxville, shall be allowed at once to go to Nashille to assist in the rescue of that city from the hands of the enemy without waiting for the consent of General Bragg.

We are, sir, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

E. L. GARDENHIRE,

H. S. FOOTE,

THOS. J. FOSTER,

John V. WRIGHT,

John D. C. ATKINS,

THOMAS B. HANLY,

W. R. MACHEN*,

E. M. BRUCE*,

Of Kentucky Delegation.

DAVID M. CURRIN.

G. A. HENRY.

LANDON C. HAYNES.

WM. H. TIBBS.

---------------

[16.]

* If General Breckinridge approves.

---------------

24 R R-VOL LII, PT II

