
concert of action. About matters of this character I should like to talk with you, and intend to visit Montgomery in ten days or two week. If, however, you deem is safe and proper earlier than that to give me any suggestins, I shall be glad to hear from you. I presume a plan of the campaign has been determined upon by your Government in the event of a collision. To assist in carrying out that plan is my desire. I should like to go more into detail, but prefer to wait until I can see you.

Yours, respectfully,

John C. BURCH.

[4.]

WASHINGTON CITY, April 6, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: I wrote you on the 4th instant by adams &amp; Co.'s Express, expressing the opinion that the policy of this Government was hostile. The miliitary movements since leave no doubt in my mind as to this. You have probably got ere this an account of the formidable armament preparing at New York. They have 2, 600 troops ready to start, and nearly every available ship in the Navy has been ordered to prepare for service. Three batteries of flying artillery have left this place for New York. Yesterday they sent on from the navy - yard here to New York alarge quantity of sheels and military stores; also six mounted howitzerd for field service. I think they are looking not merely to blockades, defenses of forts, &c., but to a land engagement, and that the field artillery is destined for this service. Although it is rumoved that the expedition is for San Domingo, to repel Ampudia's invasion, Key West, &c., yet the opinion of the best informed men here is that Pensacola is the point menaced. I khave no doubt that it belief that htey have some plan to re - enforce Sumter by means of a combined movement by sea and by land, taking Beauregard's batteries in rear with infantry and field artillery, &c., while their ships press up the bay. It is also believed by many that it is the intention to blockade the mouth of the Mississippi. A large number of carpenters were hastily impressed by the Government some days ago, and told they would learn their destination at New York. All the talk of the Republicans here, the tone of their journals, and every step of the Government indicate that a war policy has been determined on. I take it for granted that you have of a conflict will precipitate secession by Virginia. I hope ere it happens the rescally convention will have adjourned, so that it can be done by popular action, and thus get rid of the convention and the union together.

Very trylu, yours,

L. Q. WASHINGTON.

[1.]

ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE, STATE OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, April 6, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: A dispatch has been received at this office from Captain M. Smith, the ordnance officer of Alabama, in command of the arsenal at Mount Vernor, to the effec Captain White, of the Confederate Army,

