HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Pocahontas, October 2, 1862.

Major-General BRAGG,

Commanding Department Numbers 2:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward, by Majro Snead, assistant adjutant-general, my report of operations since takin command of the District of the Tennessee*. Major Snead, much to my regret, has beem relieved from duty with this army, for reasons which I have not the power to amend. He will explain more fully, in person.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

[17.] Major-General, Commanding.

HOLLY SPRINGS, October 3, 1862.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Dispatch received.+ Have joined with Price and am now camped at Pocahontas, Tenn., eighteen miles from Cornith. Have telegraphed in full to Secretary of War this evening.

EARL VAN DORN,

[17.] Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, October 4, 1862.

Honorable HINES HOLT,

House of Representatives:

SIR: I have received your letter inclosing a communication from the citizens of Columbus, Ga. In reply I have the honor to say that the subject of the defenses of the Chattanoogee River has engaged the earnest attention of the Department, and an engineer has been sent to make a reconnaissance report a plan for the defense of the river. The Department has no authority to accept the company raised in Columubus unless it is composed to persons not liable to conscription. If it be so composed, and be enlisted for three years or the war, and organized in conformity with the laws prescirbed for the Provisional Army, it will be accepted and mustered into service. The muster-rolls, showing the ages of the men, should be forwarded to the Department.

Very respcetfully, your obedient servnat,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

[17.] Secretary of War.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., October 7, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

DEAR SIR AND FRIEND: A matter of some importance to our Confederate interest in North Mississippi and Southern Tennessee has within the last three weeks assumed the most serious ascept. I allude to the unlawful and clendestine trade and unrestrained intercourse with Memphis, and with some hesitation I have ventured to apprise you privetely of state of things involving some grave considerations in reference to our success in this Department of the Mississippi Valley. Our military authorities here being somewhat in transit have not been fully apprised of the extent to which this contagious infuence has

---------------

* See VOL. XVII, Part I, p. 119.

+ See VOL. XVII, Part II, p. 715.

---------------

