
spread. I assure you, as one who feels deeply interested in the fearful stuggle through which we are passing, the Sherman, who commands at Memphis, could not desire a more potent agency in our midst for the benefit of the Federate cause than this rapidly increasing seduction of this entire range of country from the loyality due to our Government. The worst features of this trade deloped themselves in first giving constant and prompt information of all our army movements in this Department to the enemy. The restraints placed upon our citizens visiting Memphis some time ago have of have of late been removed by Sherman, as he finds in the negroes who visit Memphis (and who share in the profits of the trade) ready informats of all matters inside of our lines. This intercourse no doubt has kept them posted (not through negroes only, but disloyal whites) in all the movements of our forces here to intercept them when committing depredations through this country, and candidly we have not had a single success in capturing even small parties who maruad upon this vicinity for the last three weeks, so perfectly do they know the absence of our cavalry from fhe neighborhoods they visit.

The next and equally to be regretted featrure of this matter is the rapidly inceasing amount of cotton now passing into Memphis, and I scarcely need suggest to one so well informed as yourself how much this coveted article in their hands results to their benefit, and still more to our injury, be directly rewarding their success in the trampling upon our acts of Congress forbidding such export to them, and the seducing (through the avarice of too many of our farmers and others) of the citizens of this country to a disgraceful complicity with those who avow our ruin, if we dare resist longer. Another consequence of this Memphis Yankee trade is the large and continued influx of counerfit Confederate notes sold in Memphis with Sherman's approval. Only three days ago a merchant of this place who had just returend frot out some $4,000 or $5,000 of this spurious stuff, and so direct has been the effect of this trade that the Confederate money has gone down to only one-half its value elsewhere, owing to the fact that the Yankee merchants of Memphis only take silver or Tennessee paper for their goods. But I forbear further details of this painful subject, knowing the heavy and responsible duties devolving upon you in this most eventful period of our struggle. If, therefore, the foregoing information comes properly within the jursidiction of your Department, I may have done some good by giving it. I am aware that it should find its remedy in the prompt exercise of military authority in this vicinity, but pardon me, my honored friend, I am compelled to say that those in charge of this department have not taken the pains to look into the evil in all its bearings, or from a rather overwrought pride of position forbid any approach by which they might know the facts, and only in justice to the best interests we have at stake in the great southwest, and for the honor of our blood-stained struggle for liberty, I would say that General Van Dorn has sadly lost caste in this State by a course of life in private that gives no promise of a successfully conducted campaign against our enemies in this department. This I say to you as a friend and not in the least spririt of unkindness to that officer, but from the most respectable sources his name is most sadly handeled for intermperance and other vices. I do hope these charges are unfounded, but from all the light before me I fear are too true. Others no doubt will or have taken to pains to communicate with you upon this subject. If this communication appears to you as improper, you will please pardon it intrusion upon your precious time and attentions, as I only thoguth of one object, and that to serve my country's best

