
intersts, for I have witnessed these things as one who has lost all in this war in the way or wordly goods, but more than all a noble son who feel before Richmond on the 26th of June, in First Louisiana Regiment; but I have no compliants to make, but had I another son to bear arms he should freely be given to our holy cause, for we must and can succeed, as He that is for us is mightier than those who are against us. Pardon the length of this, and believe me.

Your sincere friend and obedient servant,

ROBT. H. READ.

I have not yet heard from Atlanta, Ga., but received a communication from Colonel Gorgas, chief of ordnance, some time ago. I have no choice of place, so that I could be useful in any of the aresenals or armories.

[17.] R.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE DIVISION,RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISPPI,

October 7, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Remember that I have no cavalry and that some should be in advance should it be determined that I shall proceed on to Lawrenceburg. I think the head of my column will be at Eldorado by 5 o'clock at the latest.

Respectfully, yours,

J. M. WITHERS,

[16.] Major-General, Commanding Division.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., October 8, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: Our affairs are not as prosperous as we could wish. Major-General Pemberton has not arrived. Wish we could have him here earlier. Many families of volunteers have no salf. I hope you may favor General D. Ruggles' suggestions to exchange cotton for salt with the French. I know of no reason weighty enough againstg it to counter-balance the great utility and necessity of a present supply of salt. Colonel J. L. Autry will hand you this and explain fully. I have called out every man capable of bearing arma and will check the advance of the enemy in Mississippi if possible.

Very respectfully,

[17.] JOHN J. PETTUS.

STATE OF FLORIDA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, October 11, 1862.

General J. H. FORNEY.

Mobilke:

GENERAL: I did not know until 7th instant your command extended to the Apalachicola River. The adjutant and inspector general, General Cooper, had neglected to give me notice, nor do I presume General Finegan was apprised of it until within the last week or fortnight. That you may be informed of the necessity of suitable defenses between Milton and the eastern boundary of your department, embracing a part

