
of Santa Rosa and Walton, Holmes, Washington, Jackson, and Franklin Counties, I inclose to you the certificate of the comptroller of the State, exhibiting the number of slaves, cattle, &amp;c. In connection with the certificate permit me to say that so many have volunteered from these counties and left the State that the propertion of slaves, ablebodied men, is at least twenty to one of white persons capable of bearing arms. The opposition to the conscript act and the attempts to enfroce it have produced much dissatisfaction, and I am informed that a few men of some influence who were opposed to secession and now prefer the United States Government, notwithstanding Lincoln's proclamation in favor of emencipation, have taken advantage of circumstances to array a feeling of hostility against the Confederate Government. Moreover, in no portion of the State have more abundant crops of corn been made, or more hogs raised for bacon. Of this state of affairs the enemy have been fully apprised by triltors, and doubtless will take advantage of these circumstances unless suitable preventive measures shall be promptly adopted. Arrangements are being made, if I have been correstly informed, to obstuct the Chattahoochee River to provent the enemy asceding it to assail portions to Georgia and Alabama. Any force with which the enemy, if prudent, would attempt to reach Columbus, Ga., by steamers and transports could be more successfully marched from St. Joseph's Bay upon land near the river through counties where supplies would be abundant, where they would have symphaty and aid of traitors, with their right flank protected by the Apalachicola or Chattahoochee River and their left by a large scope of country through which it would be difficult for you to move an army of supplies, and from the obstacles interposed by many rivers and creeks. If the enemy should attempt the invasion, they could reach the neighborhood of Columbus, Ga., or Montgomery, Ala., before you could check their progress, and thus wuld emancipate thousands of slaves and desolate a large portion of this State and of Alabama and obtain supplies for their army and an immense quantity of cotton, which is now on the west bank of the Chattahoochee River and at gin-houses in the various conties through which they would march, for their home consumption. Near the coast, between Apalachicola and Choctawhatchee River, the surface of the country is such that one regiment, or perhaps a battalion of 500 infantry and two or three cavalry companies, placed in well-selected positions, would prevent and landing by the enemy, or if they should land could impede their progress by harassing them and cutting off their supplies, and, moreover, would protect the arrangements for making salt by citizens of Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, which will otherwise be defeated and cause much suffering among citizens and soldiers for the want of beef, bacon, and pork. This letter will be handed to you by Colonel D. P. Holland, who will take with him a map upon which positions have been designated by me which, in my judgment, should be occupied, and who can give much information relative thereto.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

[17.] JOHN MILTON.

BRAKELY, EARLY COUNTY, GA., October 11, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We, the undersigned, have been appointed a committed to make known to you the exposed condition of this section of country, and to

