
suggest the propriety of vigorous measures for defense. The Chatta hoocheee River Valley raises annually about 100,000 bales of cotton. We judge that 75,000 of that amount are now stored on the river and in its vicinity. The corp of the present year, mostly of corn, is now in the field or being housed. At the market prices now ruiling the value of these and the other incidental products of the valley is about $25,000,000, a sum which, in our opinion, presents a very substantial inducement for an invasion. The Chattahoochee River is easily navigable for such light-draft gun-boats as we are being constructed for the purpose of its ascent. Without adequate defense the river can be ascended, the cotton, corn, &amp;c., captured or burned, and all the towns on the river destroyed. Columbus being in the enemy's hands, the Montgomery and West Point Railroad will be in easy distance. It being possessed by an enemy cuts off the channel of communication between the northern and southern poritons of our Confederacy. We need not dwell on the injury which will follow from such a blow. We have not spoken of the suffering of the defenseless women and children in the event of a hostile invasion. Our hearts sicken at the thought. These calamities can all be averted by proper precaution. The river can be defended. We would respectuflly represent that an armed force should be stationed on the river of sufficient number to keep unharmed such barricades and batteries as will be erected by the voluntary efforts of the citizens of the valley. Whilst all of our young men and many of our able-bodied midde-aged men have enslited in the ranks, their families and interest require the protection of Governemnt. In their behalf, and in behalf of the citizens of this county, we ask to co-operation of the Government in the efforts now making to secure our defense.

O. P. FANNIN,

ALLEN GAY,

John MATTHEWS,

RICH'D B. HILL,

JAS. B. BROWN,

Committee.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 29, 1862.

Respectfully referred to General Beauregard, &c.

By order of the Secretary of War:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND Georgia,Charletson, November 6, 1862.

My attention had been immediately called to the importance of the obstuction of the Chattahoochee River, and before this the river would have been examined, a proper place selecte, and the work begun but for my inability to detach a competent engineer for the reconnaissance. I fully appreciate the importance of the defense of that position of the department, and at the earliest possible moment I shall do all in my power to that end.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

