
fort for the last few days. I have sent out a scouting party this evening, and hope to be able to give you additional information in a few hours. I will not leave the vicinity of Nicholasville until driven away.

J. S. SCOTT,

[16.] Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, October 13, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding in Kentucky, Danville:

GENERAL: Your order of the 29th ultimo directing me to remove the headquarters of my partisan corp to London, stationing two-thirds of my infantry and three companies of my cavalry at that point and the balance at Barbousville, is but this moment received, in consequence of it having been directed to the care of Major-General McCown, Knoxville, Tenn. My own infantry and a section of artillery constitute the entire garrison at this post and Tazeswell, and from it I am furnishing details to recet telegraphed lines, bridges, &amp;c. General Jones has, however, assued me that additional troops will be sent to me without delay. I will at once sen three companies of cavalry to London and will follow them with infantry as soon as practicable. The Sixteenth Battalion of Georgia Cavalry attached to my command are posted, by my orders, as follows: Lieutenant-Colonel Nix, with three companies, at Barbousville and Major Winn, with three very small companies, at Goose Creek Salt-Works, near Manchester, the control of which I have asssumed by directions of General Jones, commanding Departemnt of Eastern Tennessee. I have also a force at Flat Lick, between this post and Barboursville. Is it your wish that I proceed in person to London, or shall I retain command of this post? At present there is no one out of my corps to transfer the command to except a second lieutenant of artillery.

Respectfylly, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. PALMER,

[16.] Colonel, Commanding Forces at and near Cumberland Gap.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Holly Springs, October 13, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN:

Hearing a rumor that you were charged with being drunk during the engegements of the 3d, 4th, and 5th instant, it is with pleasure that I can testify from frequest personal observtion and intercourse with you on the battle-fields that the charge is unjust, groundless, and false. Your conduct there was marked by the same intrepid coolness which I have had occasion to admire in you on other fields.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

[17.] Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, October 16, 1862.

General BRAGG,

Commanding:

GENERAL: My command has moved in obedience to your orders of September 29 (which were only received two days since), but receiving

