
information of the falling back of your army to London I have returend with a part of my infantry and ordered the balance to this post. My cavalry, which was on its way to London, is stopped at Flat Lick; one company ordered back to this point. I shall have to-morrow 100 barrels of flour at this point. I have dispatched a detachment of cavalry to Morristown to impress teams for transportation of flour to this point without delay. Had I received your order in time the rations would have been at the point designated therein before this. Transportation is most difficult to obtain.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

JOHN B. PALMER,

[16.] Colonel, Commanding Post.

MONTGOMERY, October 18, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

Enemy threatening Mobile and Pollard. Four thousand troops at Pensacola and 5,000 more expected. By landing above Miltn they can rach Pollard by marching twenty-eight miles. Thirty vessels at Pensacola. We have about 1,500 effective troops along the railroad, about Pollard about 3,000 more, and near Mobile mostly fresh raw troops and poorly armed. General Forney is worn down and wants help. The enemy, by making demostration with naval force, can prevent re-enforcements from there for Pollard. We need more troops and arms at both precincts and more officers.

JOHN GILL SHORTER,

[15.] Governor of Alabama.

HOLLY SPRINGS, October 18, 1862.

President DAVIS:

Lieutenant-General Pemberton will assure command in person of his army in a few days. General Price and Lovell command the two corps. May I hope that you will do me the kindness to have me ordered to some other field? Anywhere you may be pleased to direct.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 19, 1862.

The assignment of General Pemberton does not deprive either yourself or General Price of your commands. The wants of Mississippi and your own fame equally render me unwilling the withdraw you from your present sphere of duty at this time.

[17.] JEFF'N DAVIS.

OCTOBER 19, 1862.

[His Excellency Governor SHORTER,

Montgomery, Ala.:]

Your dispatch of 18th received and noted. We will make every effort to meet the emergency as limited means will permit. An enrollment has been ordered of men under forty. I must ask your aid to have it promptly and efficiently executed. The Secretry of War will attend to the matter of arms.

[15.] JEFF'N DAVIS.

