
[CHAP. LXIV.

has arrived, with orders to relieve him from his command, and requesting instructions. Orders will be transmitter to Captain Smith to turn over to Captain White the arsenal, with all the arms and munitions of war, taking a receipt for the same, in conformity with the provisions of the State ordiannce of March 9, 1861. The Governor instructs me to bring to your notice that since the acquisition of Mount Vernor it has been used by the State as a general depot and school of instructin for recruits, of which there are now near 500 at that point, who are wholly dependent upon the arsenal for the arms, &amp;c., necessary for their instruction and discipline; that to disband or withdraw the recruits at this time would be highly detrimental to the post as Excellency, therefore, requests that the recruits, with the officers, may be permitter to remain until other arrangaments can be made, retaining such arms, &c., as may be required for the purposes referred to, and that orders may be given accordingly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General of Alabama.

[1.]

WAR DEPT., ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 8, 1861.

Captain JAMES L. WHITE,

Corps of Artillery, Mount Vernor Arsenal:

SIR: Your communication of the 4th instant has been received. In reply I have to say that the enlisted men now at the arsenal, and who are required to fill the contingent at Fort Morgan, will in all probability be organized during the present week. As soon as this is done the recruits enlisted up to the 28th of February last will be transferred tothe Provisional Goverment, after which the recruits enlisted by Captains Gee and Loomis subsequent to that date will be organized into volunteer companies, and the commussioned officers duly elected. As soon as the organization of the volunteer companies is effected you will proceed to recruit for the regular army of the Confederate State such of the men enlisted by the State of Alabama as may not go with the provisional forces or be organized into volunteer companies, the number of which is estimated to be about 200, these to be retained at the arsenal and to be provided with arms. You will not disclose the purpose to enlist the balance of the men until the arrival of Captains Gee and Loomis. Herewith I inclose you copies of two letters from the adjutant - general of the State of Alabama and one jrom the honorable Secretary of War, from which you will perceive that Captain Smith has been directed to turn over to you the command of Mount Vernor Arsenal.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, April 8, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Macon, Ga.:

The news from Washingtom today justifies me in telegraphing for Captain Hill's company of artillery at Athens, intended for Pensacola,

