
ful for the aid which the telegram of the Secretary of War advises me has already been estended. General Cumming has a high reputation which I have no doubt he merits, and I have utmost confidence in the capacity of General Leadbetter as an engineer. They will be of material service, but you will excuse [me] for saying that we require a strong re-enforcement of men. The effective strength of the regiment which has been ordered back is 406 only, and would swell the entire land forces to defend the city, the rivers, and the railroads, to 6,500. Can it be supposed the enemy does not fully apreciate the importance of the acquisition of South Alabama, with Pensacole as a base, or that he will fail to use the greatest exertions to accomplish a restul vitally injurious to us? The State will most cheerfully co-operate with the Confederate Government to the fullest extent of their ability, but she can do but little, except in furnishing slave labor, which I have not the least doubt can be supplied to any extent under the action of the Legistaure, which meets on Monday next. Our few remaining arms I have already placed at the dispositional of General Forney. I feel that I have already extended this comunication to perhaps and unwarrantable lenght, but I feel also that the cours Alabama has taken from the commencement of this contest entitles me to do so without excuse or apology, and if the forces requisite to defend her soil can employed elswhere with more benefit to the cause we all have so much at heart be assured I shall not complain if they are refused. I am gratified to learn that you have already acted on the amendment to the conscript act, and reorganizing it prompt and efficient execuation as absolutely essential to our success, shall most cheerfully co-operate in any measures you may take to enforce it. I would suggest, however, that it would be well in this State that those having the appointment of enrolling officers should select none but those who would discharge their duties with efficiency and without favor. I have taken the liberty of making this suggestion because I have reason to believe that some of the enrolling officers have been wanting in these particulars*.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

John GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

P. S.- I have just heard by telegraph that there are 1,000 of the enemy to-day at Milton.

[15.] J. G. S.

HOLLY SPRINGS, October 22, 1862.

President DAVIS:

Received orders from War Department to assume command of all troops in Mississippi, including Price's column and return prisoners, and prepare them for the field in Tennessee. I organized two corps and assigned Lovell to one, Price the other. General Lovell has now the entire confidence of the troops and gained reputation in the late battle. If I remain, I displace him and he must take a subordinate position in the army lately commanded by him-a mortifying position to which it is not customray to subject a superior officer. I would consider it less injurious to be transfered to another field, wherever you may choose. I have no choice.+

EARL VAN DORN,

---------------

[17.] Major-General.

* See Davis to Shorter, October 29, 1862, VOL. XV, p. 847.

+ This in reply to Davis, VOL. XVII, Part II, p. 733.

---------------

