
HOLLY SPRINGS, October 22, 1862.

(Received 24th.)

President DAVIS:

There have been so many false reports put in circulation about me that I am induced to ask you to allow me to visit you at Richmond and justify my actions to you. My official reports will vindicate, I think, in many respects, but not as clearly as I would desire to do. They cover all accousations. If I do not safity you that I have done my duty, I shall willingly coincide with you that I am not competent to command.

EARL VAN DORN,

[17.] Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,Knoxville, October 23, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

MY DEAR SIR: Colonel Preston Smith, who will hand you his, has been selected by me to visit the seat of government and confer with the Department in regard to the future operations of the forces in this region. As soon as practicable it is proposes to occupy Middle Tennessee in force, and if possible to hold for the coming winter the country between the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers. This is of the first importance for the security of the provisions as abundant in that country and which are not only necessary to us, but would be very advantageous to the enemy. It will be an exposes and hazardous position, but with caution I hope it may be maintained. Our forces are not yet sufficiency assembled to enable me to give a correct ide of what strength we may assemble there, but it cannot exceed 40,000 men, part raw recruits. The enemy in a short time will be largely superior to us in mumbers, bu by a union of all our forces I hope to defeat Buell if the forces in West Tennessee can be kept in place. For matter of detail I must refer you to Colonel Smith.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

[16.] General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, AJDT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE Numbers 249. Richmond, October 24, 1862.

* * * *

XXII. Brigadier General John Gregg, Provisional Army, will report for duty to Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton, commanding, &amp;c., at Jackson, Miss.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[15.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 25, 1862.

His Excellency Governor JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

SIR: Your letter of the 23rd ultimo, covering Mr. Chew's report of his examination of the salt mines of Louisiana, was, upon its receipt, sub-

