
mitted to the Commissary-General, who now informs me that communications have been received from Lieutenant-Colonel Broadwell, the special agent to whom the management of theses mines was intrusted, stating that arrangements are in operation for the extensive production of salf from them. I am deeply conscious of the necessity existing for a vigorous prosecution of this work, and am endeavoring to secure to the country the full benefit to be derived from it. Major General Richard Taylor, commanding the Department of West Louisiana, has been directed to use his military power, if necessary, to aid and protect the operations. Thus any one who works on private or State account will have the needful security.

As ever, your friend,

[15.] JEFFERSON DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 251. Richmond, October 27, 1862.

* * * *

X. The two companies of Mississippi Volunteers under Capts. Hugh Love and George W. Braden and the battalion of Mississippi Volunteers under Lieutenant Colonel F. E. Whitfield will constitute and from the Ninth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[17.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., October 28, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: Major Jones, the bearer of this, goes to Richmond for the purpose of proposing some plan which may meet the approbation of the Confederate authorities to get salt brought in on our sea-board and exchanged for cotton. On a statement made to me by Brigadier General D. Ruggles that salt could be brought in by a French subject and delivered within our lines, provided cotton could be sent to our lake shore in payment, at the rate of one bale of cotton for ten sacks of salt; that this cotton was guaranteed by the French consul to go directly to France under French colors and on French vessels, and not one bale to go to New Orleans-under this state of facts I consented, advised, and approved that 50,000 sacks of salt should be brought in, and I yet see no violation of the law in this, as the trade is not with the enemy or through his ports, and the necessity of salt weighed much with me, and it is yet question of most vital importance to our people. Butler may have been bribed by the Frenchmen to permit this, but of this I know nothing, nor do I care to know. If it is possible to make a port of entry on our lake shore and get in salt on any terms not violating the laws of the Confederacy, many of our people who now have no meat and have had none for many weeks, because they have no salt to season fresh meat with, can be spared from the terrible test of starvation to prove their devotion to our cause. I have now several steamboats employed on State account to bring from Louisiana salt mine, and for frear the Confederate quatermasters may seize them (as I am informed they have seized boats sent by private individuals for salt) I have aksed of the Secretary of War that an order be sent them

