
forbidding such seizures. Major Jones will state to you the condition of the country in regard to salt; the destitution is alarming. A remedy must be found. If in reach of State government it will be found; and if not, I hope the Confederate Government will do whatever it has power to do to supply the want, always keeping in view the honor of the Confederacy and the success of our cause.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS,

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 8, 1862.

Referred to Secretary of War for attention. The telegraphic answer sent is inclosed.

[15.] J. D.

RICHMOND, VA., October 30, 1862.

(Received 31st.)

To the QUATERMASTER AT ABINGDON:

Send a courier to General Marshall and request him to inform the Department of his position as speedily as possible, and to be in readiness for a move to the railroad at short notice.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

[16.] Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., October 31, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I beg to inclose you a copy of a letter this day received from Captain J. H. Speed, assistant quatermaster of the State of Alabama, at Saltville, Va., under date of the 28th instantj, detailing the difficulties in the way of transportation of salt from Virginia. This condition of affairs, allow me to say, calls for the interposition of some power to remedy the difficulties mentioned. Alabama has already advanced near $40,000 on salt contracts at Saltville, which contracts in the aggregate will call for further advances of upward of $200,000. North Alabama, which has been ravaged by the enemy, is entirely depentednt upon these works and contracts for a supply of salt, and is this day almost entirely destitute. Now, the letter of Captain Speed states that there are about 7,200 bushels of salt made daily, and only 2,400 bushels taken away. What is shipped is taken by the State of Virginia, and other States are denied all facilities. While the armies of Alabama are this day standing guard upon the soil of Virginia to defend that glorious old State, it looks ungracious that the families of our gallant troops shall be denied the privilege of bringing out of Virginia the salt which is absolutely essential to maintain them. I do not know to whom to apply for redress of the complain herein submitted other than to your Department of the Government. The salt famine in our land is most lamentable, and I am confident that you will exert every consitutional power to mitigate its effects. Will you please advise me in the premises at your earliest convenience and oblige,

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

John GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

