
[Inclosure.]

SALTVILLE, VA., October 28, 1862.

Governor SHORTER:

MY DEAR SIR: I have yet been unable to ship any salt. I have offered it for shipment each day for a week. There is the greatest partility shown by the authorities of the Virginia and Tennessee road. They ship each day eight car-loads for Stuart, Buchanan &amp; Co., and have not shipped a sack for Georgia in two weeks, and not one at all for Alabama. I have made appeal after to the railroad men, stating the pressing necessity and immedate [nee] of our people for salt; that in many portions of the State they were suffering for it even now, but they said they had instructions to transport eight car-loads per diem for Stuart, Buchanan & Co., and that the locomotive could carry no more on the heavy grades of this branch road. I am anxious to get all possible away from this place as fast as made, as the winter's cold causes land-slides on the branch road, and blockades the road for weeks during midwinter. The prospect of getting our salt from here is gloomy enough, with no signs of improvement. Their means of transportation they have as yet furnished fro this branch road is inadequate for carrying more than one-third of the salt now procuded here. They carry now only 100 sacks per car-load, and carry each day 800 sacks, or 2,400 bushles, and at least three times that amount, or 7,200 bushles, is produced here each day; and if they carry only that small amount now in good open weather, with road in fine condition, they must except with same cars, &c., to be able to carry less very soon, for we have already had a snow from four to six inches deep. I have stated plainly my difficulties here. Messrs. McClurg & Jaques are ready to deliver salt to use each day to the amount of water furnished them, and it is increasing so in their sheds as greatly to inconvenience them. We have several hundred sacks now piled up in their sheds. I have no doubt the Secretary of War would order a change in the management of things here, so that Alabama could get her rights and justice, but I will await your counsel and instructions. I have stated to the railroad men the importance of Alabama's getting her salt now, so that her people can pack their pork during the first weather suitable, as it is often the case (as it was winter) that we do not have weather suitable more than one during the winter season. The people of Virginia can kill their pork safely any week from now until the last of March. I await your oderes as to what I shall do to expedite the shipment of salt to the ciizens of our State, and shall anxiously await your reply, as I do not feel authorized to act without further instructions.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. SPEED.

[17.] Assistant Quatermaster of Alabama.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 258. Richmond, November 4, 1862.

* * * *

IV. Major General Samuel Jones will report for duty to Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton, commanding Department of Mississippi, at Jackson, Miss.

* * * *

By command of the Secretry of War:

John WITHERS,[15.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

25 R R-VOL LII, PT II

