
through this process would be an endless task, yet I see no escape, unless the President will assume the power to reappoint the old officers, may of whom will no accept and all of whom are far off-some in the enemy's lines. It seems to me, under al the ascepts of the case, that we are endeavoring to overcome almost insuperable difficulties in order to accomplish a great evil.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

[16.] General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 263. Richmond, November 10, 1862.

* * * *

VI. Captain Paul Hamilton, assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp Henry B. Lee will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., and report for duty to Brigadier General S. D. Lee.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,[15.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

PASS CHRISTIAN, MISS., November 11, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Department Numbers 1:

GENERAL: Agreablu to your orderes I arrived here on Thursday, 6th instant. On examinig the coast and the inhabitants thereon I found there had been many families gone to the enemy's lines and more preparing to go. There has been direct communication carried on between this place and coast with the enemy for some time. There are also several persons employed in trading between this coast and New Orleans, thence forwarding their goods to Mobile, where they get higher prices than the poor of this coast can afford to pay, and many refusing Confederate money. Gol. silver, or U. S. Treasury notes seem to be the only money they want. I find that Pearl River is navigable and open to the enemy's vessles as high up as Gainesville, and there are persons at that place awainting the arrival to the enemy's vessels to go to their lines, and others at Pearlington, seven miles below Gainesville, awainting the same opportunity. Mr. Trimour, of Pearlington, who owns a saw -mils on West Pearl River, has taken several of his negroes to the mill for the avowed puspose of sawing lumber for the enemy. This river, as well as the whole coast, could be guarded and prevent the landing of their vessles by putting eight or ten launches at differen points, properly manned, and under the command of naval officer, to act in connection with the land forces here or that may be places here. The mils that may be found sawing for the enemy should be destroyed. The wharves also in front of this place and all other on this coast should be destroyed, thereby preventing the landing of the enemy's ordnance at the different points. All small boats or vessles should be destroyed except those in use to the Government. There are at present several hundred runaway negroes on Cat Island who have got away by menas of small boats, and are now employed in making charcoal for the enemy. Those families who go over to the enemy go for subsistnce, and say they are actually starving. I know of cases where they hafve eaten nothing but corn bread

