
for weeks. I would suggest the propriety of appointing an officer whose duty it might be to grant passes to those who are actually in need, and let them take charcoal or wood and bring back provisins for their own use, he preventing any specualting. That officer should be appointed immediately.

Steps should be take to prevent general intercourse with the enemy or this coast will be entirely demoralized. Those escaped slaves now on Cat Island can easily be retken if we had launches. I am informed that there are two launches on Peral River belonging to the Government. The balance could be easily buit, and with small expense, at or near Gainesville, or at Choteau Beuf, near Pascaguola. There is a coast of 100 miles to guard, but then launches propertly manned would do it, supported by 1,000 land forces. The three coast counties have large numbers of cattle and sheep which will fall a preymarauding parties if this coast [is un] protected. A man by the name of Brown, living at Handsborough, took two Government launches, with two brass pieces, to Mobile and sold them, apparently without authority. There are two trading vessels expected in. I shall await them here and report in my next. There are number of conscripts on this coast, all seafaring men. I would suggest detailing them to be under the command of the naval officer whom you may appoint. I will inquire more minutely and report in my next. A prominent citizen of Pearlington, Colonel J. F. Claiborne, is in daily communication with the enemy, and no doubt keeps them advised of all that is going on in his neighgorohood. He was, until the State seceded, timber agent for the United States Government. The cavalry under the command of Major A. C. Steede I find very efficient, and if property equipped would be of considerable terror to the enemy.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN CAVANAUGH,

Catpain, Eighth Battalion Louisiana Artillery.

P. S.- I send this by Captain Garrett, of the navy, who can give you any further information you may require in regard to the coast and rivers.

[15.] J. C.
HEADQUARTERS,November 13, 1862.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: The force at Silver Springs is increasing. The enemy crossed another small division at Park House Ferry on a pontoon bridge this morning. They also have a cavalry force of about 800 at Hartsville. I will therefore fall back in the morning to Stone's River. I sent five companies last night under Lieutenant-Colonel Hutcheson to the pike below Silver Springs for the purpose of catching their foraging wagons. He returend this afternoon with a lieutenant and ninetten men belonging to the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. Colonel Duke also went in pursuit of a body of cavalry that were approaching Lebanon and succeeded in chasing them back to within two miles of Siler Springs. I paroled this afternoon 162 prisoners, including those which were sent to Murfreesborough and returned. I sent Major Breckinridge this afternoon to attack a force of about 300 who were approaching form the direction of Hartsville, but have received no

