
informationm from him. My headquarters will be at Stone's River, but one regiment will remain at Lebanon until the last possible moment.

Very respectfully,

John H. MORGAN,

[20.] Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

JOHN RESOLUTIONS in relation to the defense of Mobile.

Whereas, the abolition Government at Washington has been for the year last past, and is now, straining every nerve to consolidate its naval forces for the destruction of the sea-port towns of the cotton States, the consequent invasion of the homes and firesides of the interior, and the savage massacre of our helpless women and children; and wheareas, we, the representatives of the people of Alabama, inspired by the noble daring and the gallant and successful defense of the city of Vicksburg by her indomitble citizen soldiery, would fain hope that the city of Mobile, our only sea-port and the gem of the Gulf, shall never be desecrated by the polluting tread of our abolition foes:

Be it therefore resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That in the solemn judgment of this General Assembly the city of Mobile shall never be surrendered; that it should be defenede from to street, from house to house, and inch, until, if taken, the victor's spoils should be alone a heap of ashes.

Resolved, That the joint committee of finance, the Senate concurring, be instructed forthwith to report a bill appropriating such sum to money as may be sufficient to defray the expenses for the removal and maintance of the helpless women and children of the city of Mobile to a place of safety.

Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be forwarded by the Governor to the military and naval commanders for the defense of the city of Mobile, with the assurance that the people of Alabama will accept any calamity rather than suffer her soil to be again polluted by the tread of the abolition invaders.

Approved November 17, 1862.

STATE OF ALABAMA, OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE,

Montgomery, November 18, 1862.

I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of joint resolutions in relation to the defense of Mobile, as taken from the original now on file in my office.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the great seal of the State, at Montgomery, this the 18th day of November, A. D. 1862.

P. H. BRITTAN,

[15.] Secretary of State.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., November 18, 1862.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

MY DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of 29th ultimo*, and thank you most cordially for your good wishes and anxiety for the successful defense of Mobile, and trust that yet favorable circumstances,

---------------

* See VOL. XV, p. 847.

---------------

