
duties as well as the great distance of the department commander from the place of operations, has to some extent interfered with its complete execution. Several counties, and amoung them those lately in the occupation of the enemy, are without enrolling officers, and good citizens are calling for their presence, that the burden of the war may fall more equally upon all. Our gallant regiments which have borne the heat of the day are reduced to skeletons, while there are at home those who as yet felt but few to its incoveniences, and whom no impulse of patriotism has yet led to take the places so long vacant. I trust with the new regulations these cases may yet be reached. Alabama had volunteered so freely that I did no except large results from the enforcement of the law, but I confess they have fallen far below may expectations.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

John GILL SHORTER,

[15.] Governor of Alabama.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EST LOUISIANA, &amp;C.,Jackson, November 18, 1862.

His Excellency I. G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th of November addressed to Lieutenant-General Polk has been reterred to me. In regard to the matter of raising new regiments within the lines of the enemy in Tennessee I will state that I am very anxious to receive re-enforcements from what ever source derived. The Secretary of War, howevewr, informs me that I can only grant authority to raise troops in Tennessee within the enemy's lines by first obtaining your consent and directions as to the particular counties in which they shall be recruited. I have already authorized, subject to your approval, Colonel Richardson and Looney to organize regiments, but as yet have receive no intimation that either of the persons named has conferred with you on subject. Any regiment reised to enter Confederate service since 17th of May, 1862, must have the designation of "Partisan Rangers", though they may be either cavalry or infantry. I very much prefer the latter, and if such troops are to serve in this department I shall regard them in every respect as other infantry regiments. With your approval Colonel Freeman is authorized to raise a regiment of infnantry, Partisan Rangers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

[15.] Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., November 22, 1862.

Governor PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The hazard you notice of an attack on the mine was aticipated, and formed a reason for ordering Sibbley's brigade to that region. There has been confusion, but it is hoped will remedied in time to prevent disaster.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[15.]

