
are encamped on the side of the Mississippi River near where the pass makes out of Moon Lake, I think that the work should commence and Hunt's Millj, and from there be continued to the Coldwater River, a distance of six miles by the windings of the pass. Fifty negroes with axes ought to execute this work in three days. I would leave it with Lieutenant Sheppard, who is an active and an intelleigent officer, to determine whether it would be practicable to obsturct the navigation of the Coldwater River in the same way at any point below where the Yazoo Pass joins that stream.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

I. N. BROWN,

[17.] Commander, C. S. Navy.

JACKSON, November 28, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Arrangement for salt in accordance with my letter. Await orders to your officers. Large amount of pork lost to our army and people in North Mississippi for want of salt. Delay endangers supplies for amy, and ominous to our people.

JOHN. J. PETTUS.

[15.]

RICHMOND, VA., November 29, 1862.

Governor JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Yours of the 28th instant received. On receipt of previous dispatch, Secretry of War was requested to give necessary orders in regard to salt.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[15.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., November 30, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: The resolutions of the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Alabama, approved November 17, 1862, relative to the defense of Mobile, forwaded by your Secretary of State, have been received by the President. It has afforded the truest satisfaction to him to find thus manifested a spirit of herism and self-sacrifice which must redound not less to then ecnouragement and public weal of them whole Confederacy than to the honor and ultimate security of your State. No incentive was needed to stimulate the Government to the employment of all the resources it can command without compromising the general safety for the defense of your coast and leading city; but it is cheering and invigorating to be assured of hearty co-operation and such invicible resolve on the part of your State never to yield it commercial emporium to any rapacious foe. In that spirit, sustainig the best efforts of the authorities, civil and military, under the favor of a just God, will be found, it is hoped, adequate protection to the city, which your people, would patrioticlly devote to destruction rather than permit its sujugation, and the triumphant frustration of the hopes and malice of our vaunting enemies.

