
JACKSON, January 5, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

I respectfully recommend that all men under forty serving in Mississippi State organization be not interfered with by enrolling officers until such organizations are broken up.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

[17.]

RICHMOND, January 5, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSON:

Reports to the effect that the enemy have withdrawn from the attack on Vicksburg, with those in relation to their landing on the Louisiana shore, suggest the possibility of a purpose to put the first detachment in position and send back the transports for re-enforcements. Should this be indicated to your mind, an opportunity may be offered to make a junction with the force send by General Holmes, say at Richmond, La., and fall upon the first detachment, so as to fight the enemy in detail. I can hardly suppose the campaign abandoned, but of this you can best judge. Keep open your communication with General Holmes, so as to give and receive information. I am endeavoring to supply you with heavy guns and field pieces of long range for Vicksburg and Port Hudson.*

JEFF. DAVIS.

[17.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2, In the Field, near Hinton's Mills, left bank Elk River. January 5, 1863 - 1.45 p. M.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,Commanding Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say he wishes your command to take position opposite this ford and the one two miles below. General Hardee for the present will be near Alisonia.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[20.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, Ala., January 6, 1863.

Colonel H. W. B. PRICE,

Henry County, Ala.:

COLONEL: The Governor is in receipt of yours of the 1st, and tenders to you, and the gallant men under your command, the thanks of the State for the promptness and efficiency they have displayed in suppressing Unionism and treason in Henry County. A few months more of resolute and energetic action, and I trust our independence will be accomplished, and the blessings of true liberty secured to us and ours for centuries. But during these few months there must be no faltering, and every man must, if need be, be ready to do or die, whether in meeting our external foes or in pulling down Unionism and

---------------

*For reply, see VOL. XVII, Part II, p.827.

---------------

