
treason at home. The prisoner you have taken will be subject to the order of the Governor, or to the Confederate authorities, and Mr. Armstrong has been so instructed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[15.]

DECHERD, January 7, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSON:

Forrest and Morgan have just returned, having done their work most successfully. Each has captured and paroled 1,500 prisoners, besides the many hundred killed and wounded. I implore you not to remove Forrest and Roddey from my left, or the enemy will compel me to fall back. We now hold the line of Duck River the enemy not having advanced from Murfreesborough. My cavalry is just moving to harass his flanks and rear. Our losses have been very heavy, not less than 9,000.*

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[20.]

RICHMOND, VA., January 8, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSON,

Jackson, Miss.:

The whole or a part of Stevenson's division may be sent to re-enforce Bragg, is your opinion of affairs on Mississippi permits. It might serve the double purpose of placing the force at Meridian or Selma. To hold the Mississippi is vital. The difficulty arising from the separation of troops of your command is realized, but cannot be avoided.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[17.]

WINCHESTER, January 8, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Chattanooga:

Send you my effective force yesterday. Intend holding line of Duck River and operate on enemy's flanks and rear with cavalry. He has not advanced beyond Murfreesborough, but prisoners and deserters represent the arrival of heavy re-enforcements to him from Kentucky; also that a force is to cross from West Tennessee and operate on my left flank. Would it not be well for you to come here and see for yourself? We shall cordially welcome you, officially and personally.+

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[20.]

WINCHESTER, January 9, 1863.

Colonel BENJ. S. EWELL,

Chattanooga:

My report of Morgan's and Forrest's expeditions are mailed to you to-day.++ The former paroled 2,000 prisoners and killed and wounded

---------------

*For reply, see Johnson to Bragg, VOL. XX, Part II, p.489.

+See also Johnson to Ewell (second), VOL. XX, Part II, p.487.

++See VOL. XVII, Part I, p.591.

---------------

