
several hundred, destroying an immense quantity of arms and other property. Forrest paroled 1,500 prisoners and killed and wounded at least 1,000, destroying arms and ammunition and other stores in immense quantities besides fitting out his whole command, which was poorly equipped, in splendid style. In our operation at Murfreesborough, including the splendid work of Wheeler's and Wharton's cavalry, we captured 4,500 prisoners; with 2,000 previously captured at Hartsville and around Nashville we sum up more than 10,000 in less than a month. We captured and sent to the rear 30 pieces of artillery, 6,000 small-arms, besides at least 2,000 put in the hands of the troops, and have secured or destroyed 1,000 wagons, mostly loaded, and secured many of the mules and harness. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded is very heavy, estimated at from 15,000 to 20,000, including seven generals.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[20.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, January 10, 1863.

His Excellency J. J. PETTUS,

Governor of Mississippi:

SIR: Your telegram of the 7th instant has been received by the President. He has referred it to this Department for answer. The State organizations of troops are to important and the time is too critical for any interference with them. The men belonging to them subject to conscription should be enrolled and report to the commander of conscripts, and regular reports should be made to him by the commanders of regiments, battalions or companies to which they belong of the service in which they are engaged; and when they cease to be in the active service of the State they should be returned to the camp. So long as they are in active service as State troops the commander of conscripts will be directed to suspend as to them the operation of the conscription act. Lieutenant-General Pemberton has been instructed to the same effect. A copy of this letter will be sent to the commander of conscripts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

(Copy made for Conscript Bureau March 9, 1863.)

[17.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, January 10, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your telegram to the President of the 5th instant has been referred to this Department for reply. The President, under the authority of the act of October 11, 1862 (No. 39.), empowers you to receive into the service all regiments and battalions and companies organized prior to the 1st of October, under authority or by direction of the Secretary of War, and to sanction the enrollment and muster of those conscripts who have entered into such organizations. You are also at liberty to sanction the enrollment and muster of the conscripts

