
who have entered into any of the regiments or battalions existing the 16th of April, 1862, although they may not have been enrolled as conscripts, but the names of such, with their company and date of muster, should be communicated to the commander of conscripts. You are also authorized to suspend the conscription act as to the persons and organizations of troops in the employment of the State of Mississippi, or which have been organized under its authority, under such terms as you may agree upon with the Governor of that State, taking care not to impair the claim of the Confederacy in the event of the disbanding of those troops by the State authority.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[17.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, Grenada, January 11, 1863.

To the LITTLE GIRLS OF PORT GIBSON:

I have received with much pride the donation of socks sent by you to my soldiers and to me. They will add much to our comfort and have already given us great pleasure by causing us to think cheerfully of our dear little girls in their far-off homes. They will remember your kindness to us when we shall have passed away, and I trust that it may be so repaid to you that you will ever bless the generosity which you have shown us. We will endeavor to repay you in part now by striving earnestly to protect your homes from the enemy and to drive him so far away that your fathers and brothers may return to you in peace and safety. Little girls of Port Gibson, you have the soldiers' prayers. Continue in your good actions that your youth may weave a chaplet of virtue to adorn your old age on earth and make you blessed in eternity.

STERLING PRICE.

[17.]

JACKSON, MISS., January 12, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,Secretary of War, Richmond:

Several bodies of Mississippi State Troops have been in active service some time. There are officers and men among them liable to conscription. To take them as conscripts will break up many of these bodies. Please order that they shall remain, by telegraph.

J. E. JOHNSON,

General.

[17.]

GRENADA, January 13, 1863.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Armstrong is one of the best cavalry officers in the service. Do appoint him if possible. Such men are needed.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[17.]

