
TULLAHOMA, January 14, 1863.

(Received 15th.)

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

Later and positive information shows the enemy re-enforced to an extent equal to his whole loss - 25,000. He has not advanced from Murfreesborough, but is repairing railroad behind him. My cavalry is in his rear again, and on the 11th General Wheeler destroyed railroad bridge just constructed on Mill Creek, nine miles from Nashville. Captured the working party and destroyed one engine, two days, and all the tools and materials.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[20.]

TULLAHOMA, January 14, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, &amp;c.,

Chattanooga:

MY DEAR COLONEL: Your kind private dispatch of yesterday is gratefully appreciated, and was acknowledged promptly, but could not be as fully by telegram as I desire. The inference that I would apply to be relieved from this army was drawn, no doubt, from a note addressed to some of my generals, asking is they sanctioned the repeated assertions by their friends that my movement from Murfreesborough was not approved or advised by them, and that the enemy was in full retreat at the same time. In that note I said: "If I find I am adviced in you, and that your confidence is lost, I shall retire without a regret, " &c. Some of these officers did not meet my expectations and to their shortcomings I am indebted for the failures of Wednesday evening and Friday evening on the enemy's left flank - the only successful opposition made to us. Finding themselves responsible for serious failings, they and their friends are moving all power to saddle me with the responsibility before official reports can put the matter right. In this movement, I regret to say, are men who have ever possessed my confidence, and who are indebted to me for all in life. But such is human gratitude. Should this movement go so far as to impair the confidence of my army, or seriously embarrass me in the control of these general officers, the cause must suffer irreparable loss, and it would be better for me to retire, at least for a time, though I must say there is no man here to command an army. The one who aspires to it is a good drill-master, but no more, except that he is gallant. He has no ability to organize and supply an army, and no confidence in himself when approached by an enemy. I can assure you, my dear old preceptor, that no hasty and unadvised action will be taken, and probably move without visiting and advising with you. My cavalry is again behind the enemy, and I hope to hear good reports from them soon.

Most respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[20.]

RICHMOND, VA., January 14, 1863.

General VAN DORN,

Grenada, Miss.:

W. T. Martin and W. H. Jackson had been appointed before receipt of dispatch.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[17.]

