
JACKSON, MISS., January 14, 1863.

Hon. JOHN B. CLARK,

C. S. Senator, Richmond:

GENERAL: Mrs. Clark, the wife of Judge Clark, of Ohio, visits Richmond on business of the gravest importance. She belongs to a Virginia family occupying the highest social position at Memphis, and is a lady of the purest character, and as you will readily perceive of rare intellect and virtue. General Price commends her as such to the courtesy and to the unreserved confidence of yourself and your colleagues from Missouri. Mrs. Clark will fully explain the nature of her mission to you and to them. It has for its object the termination of the war by the incorporation into the Confederacy of those Northwestern States which are divided by the Mississippi and the Ohio. It is believed that this very desirable result might be attained by just, wise, and prompt action at this particular juncture of affairs on the part of our Government. The general directs me to say that this is, in his opinion, the only basis upon which it can be hoped to re-establish and honorable and lasting peace within any reasonable time, and that it, moreover, presents those considerations which are most favorable to the future peace and prosperity of Missouri. He therefore begs you all to give Mrs. Clark your warmest co-operation in the accomplishment of this work. It may be proper to add that Mrs. Clark visits the President with the sanction of the highest military and civil authorities here. The general intended to have written himself, but was prevented last night by their engagements, and this morning by the necessity of returning to Grenada. He therefore directed me to write this letter in his name and to make the necessary excuses for his failure to write.

I am, very truly, your friend, &amp;c.,

THOMAS L. SNEAD.

[17.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, January 14, 1863.

Brigadier General L. HEBERT,Snyder's Mill:

MY DEAR HEBERT: I am about planting a battery near the mouth of Yazoo, of light rifle guns, Parrott, James, and 18-pounders, which will certainly close that river against gun-boats, except perhaps iron-clads. This will afford you leisure to make a proper reconnaissance of the Cairo, and to determine whether or no it will be desirable to try to raise the guns. If you can move the raft, which you may do after my battery is fixed, say in about five or six days, you will liberate the driftwood above the raft and increase its security. Meantime it will be advisable for you to have the bell boat made ready and the necessary examinations made of the wreck. I believe I can close the Yazoo as long as may be desirable. Can you spare Kelly to help me to build this field-work? Impress about 150 negroes for work on Yazoo and near here. There is nothing new.

Yours, sincerely,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[17.]

