HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, Miss., January 14, 1863.

Colonel ASHBEL SMITH,Commanding Second Texas, Moore's Brigade:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith extracts from reports respecting the conduct of the Second Regiment Texas Infantry.* In the actions of Iuka, Corinth, and the Hatchie the conduct of this regiment distinguished it for drill, discipline, and gallantry. In the battle of Corinth, where its gallant Colonel Rogers fell, the bravery of the regiment was so conspicuous as to attract the attention of all end call forth the praises of the general commanding the Federal forces. The regiment has served with me since the evacuation of Corinth, and I have no hesitation in stating that in camp, on the march, on the field of action it was always one of the very best and stanches regiments in my command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[17.]

RICHMOND, VA., January 15, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

For the present all which seems practicable is to select a strong position and fortify it to wait for attack. Should the enemy attempt to pass you with his whole force your chances will be even better. If I could furnish re-enforcements to your glorious army which would enable them to crown their recent victory it would at once be done. To send forward absentees and recruits should be vigorously pressed as the best reliance for additional force.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[20.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 13. Richmond, January 16, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XXIV. Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Broadwell, commissary of subsistence, is assigned to duty as chief commissary of subsistence for the district from Mobile north along the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and all west of that line to the Mississippi River. All purchasing commissaries in that district are required to report to and be guided by instructions from with regard to their purchases of subsistence stores.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[20.]

TULLAHOMA, January 17, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Our position good and army in fine spirits, but suffering from intense cold. Cavalry on flanks and in enemy's rear. They make no advance,

---------------

*Inclosures not found.

---------------

