HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, January 21, 1863.

Colonel W. S. BARRY,Commanding Moore's Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will please hold your command well in hand and ready for service at daylight in the morning. The arms and ammunition will be carefully inspected and a full supply issued to every man. The artillery horses will be harnessed by daylight in the morning.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., January 22, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: Colonel Eli S. Shorter bears a letter from his brother, Governor Shorter, to you, which he things requires your immediate attention. If possible, please give it your consideration and decision to-day. I think it may be best to give the permission to Clanton which the Governor asks. Colonel Shorter will call to see you at your office at 2 p. M. to-morrow, when you will be able perhaps to answer the request of the Governor.

Your true friend,

C. C. CLAY, Jr.

[Inclosure.]

Governor Shorter's letter embraces the following points: First, his explanation to the President for ordering certain parties in Southeastern Alabama who were liable to conscription to be received into the State service for thirty days to repel invasion. Second, the exposed condition of Southeastern Alabama to raids to the enemy from Pensacola; that Colonel Clanton has authority from the War Department to raise a regiment of cavalry from men not subject to the conscript law to serve for six months, for the defense of that portion of the State; that the regiment cannot be formed in whole of persons not subject to conscription, and appeals to the Government to allow him to authorize Colonel Clanton to receive into his command persons who live in the section threatened with invasion who fall within the conscript age. This order is asked to extend to the counties of Coffee, Covington, Dale, Henry, Pike and Barbour, in Alabama. Third, that one serious objection in the way of forming Colonel Clanton's regiment is found in the fact that his authority does not allow him to enlist companies or any number less than a regiment. The Governor asks that an order be issued allowing Colonel Clanton to enlist, by companies or smaller numbers, so as to put them into the service immediately. Fourth, that the speedy organization of this regiment is of the highest importance, and that he does not believe it can be raised unless authority be given to enlist men in the counties designated who fall within the provisions of the conscripts law and are mustered into service as fast as companies are organized.

[15.]

