
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, Grenada, January 20, 1863.

Mr. S. P. WALKER:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that by direction of the President of the Confederate States, the contract entered into by you with the Quartermaster-General C. S. Army, for the delivery of shoes, blankets, &amp;c., and the authority to ship cotton in connection therewith, is annulled, excepting so far as related to goods already delivered, for which payment will be made in cotton, as under the terms of the contract, if any such goods have been delivered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

[17.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, January 22, 1863.

Major REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Please say to General Stevenson that Captain Gillespie has just reported the result of his reconnaissance, as follows:

From the brigade on the left of the proposed position to the high hill (signal station) it is about three miles and a half, giving a commanding position for a line of battle unapproachable by artillery except by the two main roads. In front, all along the extent of the lines, are short, knobby hills, coming within 300 or 400 yards of the crest of the ridge. There are no positions within three miles of the front which are not domineered by the ridge. Near the bridge on the left is a high hill which commands every point near it, and will afford a good position for a redoubt. It is not so high as the corresponding position on the right.

I have no rifled pieces to place in position at Snyder's except two James and three Parrot guns. Must I send them, and how many?

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY REGIMENT, Near Greenville, Miss., January 22, 1863.

Brigadier General LOUIS HEBERT,

Commanding Snyder's Bluff:

GENERAL: From the most intelligent of thirty-nine prisoners who have voluntarily surrendered themselves I learn that the present expedition against Vicksburg consist of over 100 transports and gun-boats, the land forces numbering 35,000 men, with General McClernand in chief command. Whilst admitting their ignorance of the plan of operations of the Federal commander, they mention these as current amongst the men of their army: The first is to land their forces at or near Milliken's Bend and await large re-enforcements and the co-operation of the forces below, under Banks and Farragut, before commencing the attack. The second is to land their army at the same point, march across the New Carthage, and under cover of night to run their transports by our batteries, re-embark their troops, and make the first attack on Port Hundson, with the view of reducing that place and moving against Vicksburg with their combined forces. I cannot say that much credit is to be attached to these statements, but deem

