
it best to mention men. These prisoners report the capture of the Post of Arkansas on Sunday week with 3,200 prisoners, after an engagement of four hours and a half. They say there was but little infantry firing, although the entire army of McClernand was there, but attribute the reduction of the place to their gun-boats. Their army immediately embarked for Vicksburg, but many are indisposed to renew their acquaintance with our troops there, and they compute that 2,000 have already deserted, and others are seeking opportunity to surrender and be paroled. I shall dispatch these I have and any others taken to Jackson or Grenada, by way of Yazoo City, if possible. All the roads leading east from his section have been blockaded.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, commanding Cavalry Regiment.

P. S.- There is a detachment of fifteen or twenty men of Colonel Starke's command on duty here, but who are now under orders to rejoin their regiment with General Van Dorn. They can only reach the hills by swimming slough and bayous. They are thoroughly familiar with this country, and could be of great advantage to my command. I beg, general, that you will at once apply to the commanding general to have them ordered to report to me for duty. Their services will be more valuable here than anywhere else in the Confederacy.

W. A.

[24.]

VICKSBURG, January 22, 1863.

General HEBERT,

Snyder's Mill:

General Pemberton orders that you strengthen the works at Snyder's Mill as much as possible.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, January 22, 1863.

Brigadier General L. HEBERT:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will please draw in Colonel Adams' cavalry regiment, only leaving such pickets as you may think necessary to keep you advised of the movements of the enemy on the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., January 23, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Your letter of the 14th instant* has been delivered at this Department by Colonel Shorter, special aide, and has had consideration.

---------------

*See VOL. XV, p.946.

---------------

