HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, January 23, 1863.

Major General CARTER L. STEVENSON:

DEAR CARTER: Send over a detachment to the other side of the river with orders to keep up bright fires along the whole front of our batteries during the whole night, and during every dark night do the same. Near each fire have a pit sunk, so that the fire guard can be secure when the guns open on any of the enemy's passing boats. These fires should not be more than 100 paces apart. I can think of no other plan for exposing the gun-boats to our attack in case they attempt to run by us at night, and from the indications I recommend that this be adopted to-night. On any clear night for many days to come there will be moon enough to enable the cannoneers to work their guns with effect in case the gun-boats attempt to run by us. There should be guard-boats off the point.

Sincerely, yours,DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

VICKSBURG, January 25, 1863.

Major MAYO,

Chief of Ordnance, Jackson:

Hurry up ammunition for 10-inch, 8-inch, and 32-pounders. Get more small-arm ammunition at once. Don't care where from B[uck] and b[all] especially.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, January 25, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON:

GENERAL: In connection without reconnaissance of yesterday permit me to call your attention to the fact that the ground occupied by the enemy in front of Chickasaw Bluffs has now become entirely untenable, and impassable even to a single individual, unless he is well acquainted with the country and uses great energy. Not only are the bayous and lakes very full, but the bridges are now either floated off or submerged. In fact, unless the water rises sufficiently to enable the enemy to move his gun-boats along the Chickasaw Bayou, there is no probability of any early demonstration along the front of Chickasaw Bluffs. Meantime the indications are increasing of an intention to operate from the direction of Warrenton, and unless we occupy the position reconnoitered yesterday at early day the enemy may do so. I any event it seems important to oppose the crossing and disembarkation of the enemy near Warrenton, and it can be done by us with many advantages in our favor. All available field artillery of long range will be required for this purpose. Do you think the two rifled guns sent to Snyder's Mill can be withdrawn from there with a view to their use near Warrenton?

Respectfully, yours,DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

