
ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, January 26, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSON,

Commanding Department No. 2, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: According go your instructions I have the honor to submitting to you a small sketch in order to fortify Chattanooga.* I shall not undertake to demonstrate the utility of fortifying that place. Every one can see at once in looking at the map of the country that it is one of the most strategical points of this department. Consequently I will proceed at once the explanation of the system of fortifications I respectfully propose to your approval. My first object in locating these fortifications has been to study the probable approaches by which the enemy can attack this point. I am arrived to the conclusion that Chattanooga can be approached only from three different points: First, by the Walden's Ridge road north of the river; second, by crossing the river some distance above and coming by the way of Harrison or Cleveland; third, by crossing the river below at Battle Creek, or at Kelley's Ferry, and coming through Lookout Mountain. I propose to defend the first approach (north of the river) with the works Nos.1,2,3, and 4. Each of them is located on a commanding position, and are combined together in order to concentrate their fires on any points the enemy might take on the opposite bank of the river. A more efficient defense can be made by occupying the two points marked 13 and 14, and building a pontoon bridge over the river for communication. Such bridge might be very useful, too, for other purpose. The second approach (by crossing the river below) is to be defended by the works Nos.4,5,6,7,8,9, and 10, all of which are located on commanding positions and arranged together in order to cross their fires. The third approach (through Lookout Mountain) is to be defended by the works Nos.11 and 12, on the flank of Lookout Mountain, and in case of necessity assisted by the works Nos.8,9, and 10. All the works are to be provided with a magazine. Besides, I p magazine for depot, to be put in the work No. 1. I shall speak of the armament of these works in a few days.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. NOCQUET,

Major and Chief Engineer, Department, No. 2.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, January 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General BALDWIN,Commanding Snyder's Mill:

GENERAL: The major general commanding directs me to say that it is desirable that the works at Snyder's Mill should be repaired as rapidly as possible, especially the magazines. He directs, therefore, that you will please send out parties to impress and bring in as many slaves and trenching tools as are necessary to bring the repairs to early completion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

---------------

*Sketch not found.

---------------

27 R R-VOL LII, PT II

