
Va. I shall fall back to that point, as corn delivered here costs at least $5 per bushel, and I am satisfied there is nobody threatening our front. My horses would die here before spring; forty miles back they will be fit for service, and forty miles to the front they will do greatly better.

Yours, truly,

H. MARSHALL.

We must do something to checkmate the Kentucky politicians.

[23.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIST., DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LOUISIANA, Vicksburg, February 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,Asst. Adjt. General, dept. of Miss. and East Louisiana, Jackson:

COLONEL: On yesterday I applied by telegraph to the lieutenant-general commanding for authority to stop the shipment of all subsistence stores, public and private. My reasons therefor are these: The only danger to this important point is a deficiency of supplies in case the enemy invest it. We have not and cannot get meat sufficient for the necessary garrison for a protracted siege. With the molasses, public and private, now here, and additional supply of rice, and the stores which we can obtain in a short time, that deficiency could be in a measure provided for. I can in a short time procure a quantity of pork in exchange for sugar. Neither the sugar nor molasses is necessary to any other part of the Confederacy; to us the latter may be. Second. It would stop the shipment of sugar by speculators, and give us the use of this railroad, now of the first importance to the defense of the river. It is now unreliable that a rapid movement of troops would be better effected on foot than by it.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, commanding.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, February 8, 1863.

Major REEVE:

MAJOR: Please say to General Stevenson, that in compliance with his wishes, I have read the report of Captain Harrod, respecting the means of defense at Grand Gulf, and offer the following for his consideration: It seems important to establish at once batteries and obstructions proper to close the mouth of Big Black River against the vessels of the enemy, and to prevent his transports from passing down the Mississippi to Port Hundson. The report of Captain Harrod satisfies me that no point is so easy for us to hold with a view to this as the bluff on which he recommends the establishment of heavy batteries. If we obstruct the Big Black at all the mouth is the best place, because the forces required to guard the bridge and ferries will then suffice to prevent the enemy from entering the Big Black or descending the Mississippi below its mouth.

Very respectfully,DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

