
JACKSON, MISS., February 11, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

General Rust has commenced his march for Big Black. Do you wish the regiment to go from here to Yazoo City, or from Big Black?

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, February 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General BALDWIN and FEATHERSTON:

GENERALS: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that in the event of a movement by the enemy on Snyder's Bluff the signal gup will be discharged. The troops in that vicinity, including Waul's Legion, will take posts at this signal by day or by night. Besides the discharge of the signal gun the night signal for Snyder's Bluff will be made by sending up a rocket every five minutes for half an hour at a time. The signal of a movement against Vicksburg will be the discharge of a cannon. Whenever the signals are made all of the troops of the division will be formed and ready to move instantly. In the event of its becoming necessary to re-enforce Snyder's Bluff, the force at Chickasaw Bridge will move thither as rapidly as possible so soon as the commanding officer at that point perceives that he can prudently do so. The commander of the troops near Bartfield's will be ready to re-enforce Chickasaw Bridge, Snyder's Mill, or Vicksburg, as he may find necessary from information or instructions which may be sent to him. In addition to the picket and guards already established, there will be a regiment of infantry and a section of artillery posted at sunset every evening in the trenches of Graveyard Hill. They will not leave their posts before sunrise. The commanding officer at Snyder's Bluff will establish relays of couriers to Chickasaw Bridge as soon as possible after the signal of an attack is made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., February 13, 1863.

(Via Abingdon.)

General H. MARSHALL,

Estillville, Scott County, va.:

Send or orders under which as you state in your letter,* you are forbidden to advance into Kentucky. I wish to know its exact character, and by whom issued.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, February 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector-General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request transfer to a command in the Army of Virginia. I urge this request on personal grounds, and

---------------

*See ante, p.419.

---------------

