
hope that the public interests will admit of its being granted by April next.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, February 18, 1863.

Major REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Please say to the general commanding that, in accordance with his orders, I have detached the Second Texas Regiment to report to Major-General Loring, at Yazoo City, for instructions. Had the interests of the service permitted me to make this detail I would have detached any other than that regiment from the brigade (Moore's). It is the sharpshooting battalion of that brigade, and is essential to its efficiency. I have no other which can supply its place. The regiment was organized, armed, equipped, and disciplined by General Moore in Texas, and he was its first colonel. It was the first regiment assigned to my command when I was appointed brigadier-general. It has been with General Moore and myself ever since, and I hope, therefore, that so soon as the present exigency will admit it will be returned to my command. General Moore is still awaiting authority to resume command of his brigade. The circumstances attending the interruption of his duties were of nature so mortifying that I feel it proper again to ask that the general commanding will not larger withhold from him his command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, February 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General FEATHERSTON:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he suggests Captain Gregory, of the Thirty-fifth Mississippi, as a suitable officer to command the men who go on the gun-boats. He can get a good many men from his own company, and enough can be selected from other regiments to make out the fifty. The major-general commanding thinks two officers should go with them instead of one - a captain and first lieutenant. Please notify this office when the men are ready to march, and send in a list of their names.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, February 18, 1863 - 8 p. M.

Brigadier-General BALDWIN:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will please send one of the 12-pounder rifled guns from one of the batteries at Snyder's Mill to Yazoo City. The 32-pounder to go to Yazoo City is now en route to Snyder's. It is to be sent as soon as it arrives.

