
Orders were sent from General Stevenson by Captain Gillespie, of General Maury's staff, to put the different detachments for the gun-boats under command of the senior officer and send them to Yazoo City by the first steamer. The officer in charge must make the best possible provision for the men. The enemy has been shelling at intervals to-day. No damage done. Please see that the 12-pounder rifle goes by the first boat; also the battery of Waul's Legion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

JACKSON, MISS., February 19, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Jews and others evade the laws and bring goods from the enemy's ports. If larger powers were given the lieutenant-general on that subject I think good results would follow.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[15.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 42. Richmond, February 19, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XXI. Lieutenant-Colonel Edmundson, with his battalion, will proceed without delay to Lee Court-House, Va., and report to Brigadier General Humphrey Marshall, commanding, &amp;c.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

RICHMOND, vA., February 19, 1863.

Brigadier General H. MARSHALL,

Estillville, Scott County, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Your letters of February 2 and 7 are before me, and I have to thank you for the topographical minute with which you have furnished me. The campaign in Kentucky and the attack on our railroad show the error of the former limits whether to advance or defend the railroad communications. The corner of Virginia lying between Tennessee and Kentucky should be under the command of those contiguous and embracing sections. The county lines were adopted for convenience of administration, and may be changed for military reasons. The difficulties of a commander in giving satisfaction has been realized, but the creation of a separate department would not revive it; nor it is plain to me that such a step would insure more effective use of the means within our control or greater unity of purpose and action among commanders. You allude to some course of policy for the relief of Kentucky heretofore set forth by you and rejected by me. I do not know to what you allude; but certainly no opposition has been made to the occupation of any part of Kentucky by you, as will clearly appear by reference to my letters and telegrams. In the conduct of military

