
operations in the various districts occupied by our forces a large discretionary power is necessarily vested in the several department commanders. The expedition to which you refer by Brigadier-General Pegram was directed by the commanding general in Tennessee, in conformity with the general views of the Administration, and the route proposed is supposed to have been indicated by the existing condition of the enemy.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

VICKSBURG, February 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The Second Texas, 200 volunteers for the gun-boats, and the two heavy rifles have gone. A field battery without men or horses arrived from Jackson by railroad. Is it the Pointe Coupee? If so, will the gunners be sent?*

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Columbia, Tenn., February 22, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSON, Commanding:

GENERAL: I am now here with my whole command, and will be ready to make any movement you may desire by the time I could get your orders. The river here will fordable in a day or two, and in the meantime I shall shoe my horses. Do you think it advisable to attack the enemy and dislodge him from Franklin? I shall do so, unless you advise to the contrary. I will move across and occupy Spring Hill as soon as I can do so. It is now raining again, but slowly. If it does not continue I shall cross on the 25th. Will Roddey report to me? What is to be my position? I desire to cross the Cumberland and operate on the north bank of the Cumberland and on the banks of the Ohio, unless General Bragg is threatened by Rosecrans very soon. I would be pleased to get your views and wishes, and will take pleasure always in carrying them out to the best of my ability. But let me beg of you not to make me and my command a part of the picket of any army. I can do you better service, I am sure. We are proud of being cavalry, and desire to win distinction under the title. Will you do me the kindness to order me as many horseshoes and nails as can be spared, to be sent to Lewisburg, where my wagons can meet them. I am troubled with tender feet, especially in the Texas brigade.+

Very truly and respectfully, general, I am, your obedient servant,EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[23.]

VICKSBURG, February 22, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Point opposite Vicksburg foot and a half under water. Levee and railroad alone visible. River at a stand with tendency to rise.

M. L. SMITH,

Major-General.

[24.]

---------------

*For reply, see Pemberton to Stevenson, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p.635.

+For reply, see Johnson to Van Dorn, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p.646.

---------------

