
VICKSBURG, February 22, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. MOORE:

GENERAL: About sunset some 5,000 troops were seen under arms near the Yankee fleet getting ready, it is supposed, to embark. Destination unknown. Signals at the fleet have been observed to night. Please instruct the officer in command of the regiment on picket at the race track to be vigilant during the night.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

VICKSBURG, february 22, 1863.

General HEBERT:

Five [thousand] or 7,000 men reported at sundown about to embark. Destination unknown. Signals seen at fleet. Be vigilant.

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Tullahoma, February 23, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: The importance of the subject will justify me in sending to you direct the inclosed from my chief commissary.* You know best, or can easily learn the facts of the case, and you are also better advised than I can be as to the necessary remedy. If the expedition against Vicksburg has proved a failure, as reported, might I not get my troops back? With them I can clear Tennessee.

My report of the battle of Murfreesborough is in the hands of the clerk and will reach you in a few days.+ It ought to have reached you much earlier, but the necessity for making it minute and circumstantial has delayed me, especially as subordinate reports are yet behind. You will find it tells the whole truth. Asssailed, myself, for the blunders of others, and by them and their friends, my mind is made up to bear no sins in the future but my own. You must be the best judge of how much shall be published. This army is in fine condition in all respects, and, omitting all re-enforcements, considerably than before the battle. With all additions we can put 40,000 in the field. Stragglers and conscripts come in so rapidly under General Pillow's active measures that we are at a loss for arms. You must give me credit for being the fist to find a place fit for him, and a place that he so exactly fits.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[20 and 23.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, February 23, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Your letter requesting that orders should be given to the Commissary-General to afford supplies to your army from stores at

---------------

*See Walker to Bragg, February 23, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p.648.

+See VOL. XX, Part I, p.663.

---------------

