
Atlanta and elsewhere, relied on a reserves for the subsistence of our armies generally, has caused me serious anxiety and embarrassment, and, having been referred to the Commissary-General, has been returned with an indorsement of which a copy* is subjoined. The importance of husbanding these reserve supplies, in view of the prospective demands of the armies and our limited resources for the future, cannot well be overestimated. If, therefore, it be practicable to draw adequate subsistence for your army from the resources to be commanded in the surrounding country, or which may be, by even irregular means, drawn from Kentucky, it is certainly very desirable, and the experiment is worth the trial. The Commissary-General is of opinion that this can be done, and ventures to undertake it with his practical officers, some of whom are specially familiar with the district of country to be operated in, provided he can have such co-operation and facilities as it may be in your power to render given to such officers. I would therefore bespeak for Major Cummings, on whom he specially relies, your favorable consideration, and request you to give to his operations your countenance and aid. At the same time, should it be reasonably successful, I hope it will not be required you should draw on the reserve supplies of the Commissary Bureau; but, if not, of course the necessities of your army must be met even from those sources, and the Commissary-General will be instructed accordingly.

With high esteem, very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[23 and 24.]

JACKSON, MISS., February 23, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSON, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The President has authorized me to set aside all contracts to ship cotton, except to pay for goods already introduced on previous contracts, and the Secretary of War has referred all contracts since made to me. Accordingly I have set aside all contracts, except the arrangement with Hiriart and that for Governor Pettus and Collector Hatch for salt. Do not think Marigny should be allowed to ship cotton for supplies for citizens.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

[15.]

VICKSBURG, February 24, 1863.

Colonel J. C. IVES,

Aide-de-Camp, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy not on peninsula opposite, but on bend four miles and a half above. No result yet perceivable. Will attempt to make a canal. Do not know if they are working now.

M. L. SMITH.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, NO.2, Tullahoma, Tenn., February 25, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,Commanding Department of the West:

GENERAL: I have of yesterday's date relating to General Van Dorn.+ From the copy of general orders inclosed you will see the disposition

---------------

*Not found.

+See (probably) VOL. XXIII, Part II, p.646.

---------------

