
made.* The attack on Franklin was organized by General Wheeler, but is turned over to Van Dorn, and is now but about being made. Wheeler goes over to-night, and will soon be heard from. I regret that the failure to leave the regiment at Tuscumbia has resulted in some disaster, but all will soon be restored. Supplies will be sent to Colonel Hannon and General Van Dorn immediately. They will continue to experience inconvenience if they send to depots without the approval of my staff. I have strong hopes of breaking the enemy's lines soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, commanding.

[23.]

TULLAHOMA, February 25, 1863.

Colonel B. B. EWELL:

The enemy advanced on Tuscumbia and drove out one small force of three companies yesterday. General Van Dorn did not leave the regiment ordered, but it is now on its return. The loss of stores will be serious. Re-enforcements continue to reach Nashville. Major-General Cox, with a division from Virginia, arrived last week, and Major-General Sigel is reported just in with more.

BRAXTON GRAGG,

General, commanding.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, February 25, 1863 - 8.45 p. M.

General HEBERT:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that the scout reports three gun-boats as having gone up the Yazoo about 2 p. M. to-day. He was near the mouth, and could not well whether or not they continued up.

Very respectfully,D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIRST CAV. CORPS, No. 5. Spring Hill, tenn., march 2, 1863.

The brigadier-general commanding tenders his thanks to Privates James C. Bailey, T. L. Nailling, and W. W. Shouse, of Captain Taylor's company, for the fearless and energetic manner in which they have crossed eight swollen streams, swam rivers and creeks, overcome obstacles, and surmounted almost unheard-of difficulties to deliver important dispatches. Such conduct is to be highly commended at all times, but particularly when the dispatches have in view the re-enforcing of a gallant body of men pressed by a superior force of the enemy and supplying the army in haste with ammunition. The grateful thanks of the general commanding division is but tribute to these gallant young men who have so nobly done their duty.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure, but see Special Orders, No. 50, VOL. XXIII, Part II, p.650.

---------------

