
accept my thanks. I inclose a letter* received last night which has caused me to move back from the river about twenty miles, until I can ascertain if it is practicable for the enemy to get in rear of me by boating through the swamp. I am convinced they cannot in any force, but will take every measure of precaution I can. I have not yet collected the fugitive cavalry, and some that I have are without their arms and horses. Many lost all their tents, baggage, and cooking utensils, so they are in a deplorable condition. During their recent raid the abolitionists committed every possible depredation on private property, burning gins, corn-houses, &amp;c., taking all horses, mules and, cattle of every kind they could steal, officers of high rank joining and participating actively. Not an article of any kind escaped; even ladies' toothbrushes and baby clothes shared the fate of more worthy objects of plunder. Many unarmed citizens were taken and held as prisoners and subjected to insult, indignities, and threats. I am convinced the importance of this section as a granary accessible to our army is not understood. Thousands of bushels of corn could be drawn from here by boat which can now be destroyed by marauding parties from the river, as the enemy knows my exact strength and the character of the cavalry they will have to encounter. Many of the planters, in despair from their recent severe losses, are moving negroes and stock, giving up all idea of a crop for the next year. This if carried to any extent will be felt in time to be an evil of magnitude.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, March 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General HEBERT:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will please detail 250 men from your command, under an officer not higher than a major, to go up on steamer Sharp, if she can take so many, to Deer Creek, to guard the Deer Creek country from the Rolling Fork up to the highest points from which we procure supplies, but must not go higher. The commanding officer will report by letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Ferguson, who will most probably be found at the neck where the Bayou Phalia approached Deer Creek, about twenty miles above the mouth of the Rolling Fork. He will let the planters know that he has come for their protection and to aid in collecting supplies. He will burn all cotton likely to fall into the hands of the enemy. Please select a suitable officer to command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 6, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &c., tullahoma, tenn.:

GENERAL: It appears from your letter of the 28th ultimo, recently received, that we have mutually misunderstood each other in our correspondence in reference to re-enforcing your position in Tennessee, but

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

