
the matter is now cleared up. Upon investigation, I have learned that General Marshall's infantry force is very small. His strength in cavalry is comparatively greater, but as your more urgent need is not for this arm of the service, I have not wished to burden you with the cavalry of General Marshall. I am anxious to re-enforce your army, and will do so when it is practicable. The withdrawal of Burnside's corps for the defense of Kentucky defeats the hope I hat, that a movement into that State might compel Rosecrans to detach a part of his command; but if Marshall pushes his force with activity it may prevent any further re-enforcements from the East being sent to Rosecrans. Events here and at Charleston have not fully developed the plan of the enemy. One of my aides-de-camp, Colonel Ives, is now engaged upon the duty you suggest, in Mississippi, which will obviate the necessity of Colonel Johnston's extending his visit to that portion of your command.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[23.]

OKOLONA, MISS., March 8, 1863.

R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I will communicate what information I have of the enemy, as follows: A deserter who left Corinth last Monday states that the Tenth Missouri Regiment, Eighth Battalion, and Carmichael's battalion, with six pieces of artillery, are all of the cavalry force which belongs to that post, and were then out toward Tuscumbia. I am confident his statement is correct about the cavalry, but he says there are between 6,000 and 7,000 infantry. this does not correspond with the steaments of scouts who have procured citizens to go in there. They all report much less, none exceeding 2,500. The names of the infantry commands I have not been able to get, and have ever found it difficult to get a satisfactory knowledge of their force at that place. The bridges on Tuscumbia Creek and Hatchie have been repaired. Two companies of Federals have been organized in Tishomingo and Itawamba Counties, which are stationed at Glendale, east of Corinth and commit a great many depredations on Southern men in their reach, and act as guides and scouts for the main force at Corinth. My information from Memphis is quite reliable to the effect that ten regiments were there on the 2nd instant. Stationed between Memphis and Corinth there are five regiments of cavalry operating along that line. Three of them on Tuesday were on this side of Coldwater. These regiments will not average more than 400 strong. At Grand Junction a scout that went within two miles reported 3,000 three days since; at Davis' Mill 250, or one regiment; at Middleburg a small force; at Bethel some 200; at Bolivar the exact force on Monday last, under command of General Gorman, was as follows: Forty-third Ohio, 200; Forty-third Illinois, 250; Sixty-first Illinois,300; First Tennessee Cavalry, 300. Total, 1,050. They have four light pieces of artillery and two siege guns. Their pickets are twelve men strong of infantry and six of cavalry. General Gorman's headquarters are one mile from the main body of these troops. He could be taken by a small body of men if they could get in there without their approach being known beforehand. I have contemplated undertaking the enterprise if the general leave it discretionary with me to engage in the attempt.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

C. R. BARTEAU.

[24.]

