
general; Captain W. F. Avent, acting quartermaster; Captain William Clark, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant G. T. Banks, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. T. Buck, ordnance officer.

By command of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

T. D. ROBINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 11, 1863.

Brigadier General H. MARSHALL,

Estillville, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your letter of February 15 has been received, inclosing copies of orders and telegrams received by you, together with your explanation of your operations. I have given your letter careful attention, and regret that the movements of General Pegram were so planned and conducted as to wound your soldierly sensibility. Although it is admitted that you have apparent grounds of complaint, yet I am satisfied that no intentional disrespect or disregard of your feelings or rights was meant by General Donelson. Doubltess he was not fully informed of the distribution of your forces of the military operations in which you were engaged. Had he been so informed he would most probably not have directed an expedition, contrary to your wishes, to traverse your front, to be guided by your scouts, and covered by your outposts, while performing the service you have already proposed for your own command. I trust that hereafter no want of co-intelligence or harmony of action will occur, but that your service may be pleasant to yourself as well as useful to your country.

Very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

TULLAHOMA, March 11, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

The enemy in force is again pressing Van Dorn near Columbia. I am sending all spare cavalry to his support. They are feeling us on the whole front daily, and will doubtless move in force soon. Pemberton's report from Corinth were no doubt based on the recent movement to Tuscumbia and back. All being quiet at Mobile, I propose bringing up a part of force in case of necessity.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, March 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General MOORE:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will please move at once to Snyder's Bluff, taking with you the Thirty-seventh Alabama, Forty-second Alabama, Thirty-fifth Mississippi, and Fortieth Mississippi Regiments, and Tobin's battery, and embark on the Magnolia for Yazoo City. You will carry with you everything you desire that will promote the efficiency and comfort of your command in active field service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

28 R R-VOL LII, PT II

