
VICKSBURG, March 12, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. MOORE:

MY DEAR MOORE: You will draw three days' meat at Snyder's and one day's meal. You will receive one day's meal here. You will thus set out with two day's meal and three days' meat. I will try and have one more day's meal issued to you at Snyder's. Let your commissary take funds with him if possible. General Pemberton has been telegraphed to have supplies at Yazoo City for you. Can you suggest anything more at present? Of course, you know that all the troops are living from hand to mouth at this time, no proper accumulation of supplies having been made. I will do my best to forward to you whatever I can of your requirements. General Stevenson desires me to say that he is very anxious for you to reach Yazoo City with your command by sunrise to-morrow morning. Please report your arrival, stating your force, to Major-General Loring, wherever he may be. General Stevenson wishes you to assume control of the Magnolia so far as her time of starting and the amount of troops, &amp;c., she will take are concerned. He also desires you, as soon as you disembark from her, which you will do at Yazoo City, unless otherwise ordered by General Loring, to send the Magnolia back to Snyder's. He desires you also to order back immediately to Snyder's the Prince of Wales and another boat, so as to insure at Snyder's at least three good boats.

Respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

P. S- I have just seen General Lee, who tells me that the 20-pounder rifle, with its ammunition, will be at Snyder's to-night. It is to go it, so that he may direct you as to where it is to be placed.

D. H. M.

[24.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, March 16, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, va.:

I am informed that General Bragg has issued an order for the seizure of the State railroad. I have done all in my power to accommodate him with transportation. The road is as absolutely the property of the State as is the State House. If he may seize the, he may the other. I must beg you to instruct him in his duties and save me the unpleasant necessity of repelling his unwarrantable aggressions by force from the hour the seizure is made. All operations on the road will stop till the question is settled.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War for notice.

Has any information been given?

J. D.

[23.]

JACKSON, March 16, 1863.

Colonel H. H. MILLER,

Ponchatoula, La.:

Any cotton I have authorized to be shipped you will protect.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

[24.]

