HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, March 16, 1863.

Lieutenant WOOD,Commanding Section Bledsoe's Battery:

LIEUTENANT: General Maury desires me to express to you his pleasure at the handsome conduct of yourself and the members of your section of artillery in your late engaged with the enemy in the Deer Creek country, and to inclose you a copy of his letter requesting the names of the battles in which Bledsoe's battery has participated to be inscribed upon its flag.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. W. FLOWWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 17, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

The Governor of Georgia says he is "informed that General Bragg has issued an order for the seizure of the State railroad." I suppose it to be a mistake, but if such authority has been given please countermand it.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 17, 1863.

Governor of J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, ga.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received to-day. Suppose you have been misinformed, by to guard against contingency have directed that if such authority has been given it be countermanded. You may rest assured that I will at all times endeavor to prevent aggression by Confederate officers, and hope when any case requiring redress occurs that you will notify me, and give time for the application of a proper remedy.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, March 17, 1863.

Brigadier General L. HEBERT:

GENERAL: There are two 20-pounder Parrott guns now en route to Snyder's. They are to be sent to Yazoo City at once on the Magnolia. The 8-inch columbiad is to be sent there also. Please have it dismounted and shipped on Magnolia with all of its ammunition and appurtenances complete. You will please have shipped with them on the same boat the ammunition now at Snyder's for General Loring (which was in charge of Lieutenant Featherston, I believe) and any other ammunition which may arrive there for General Loring. Please send Tobin's battery on the Magnolia also. It is the purpose of General Stevenson to send as soon as possible a gun to replace the 8-inch columbiad which you are ordered above to send to Yazoo City.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,D. F. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

