
MILLEDGEVILLE, March 18, 1863.

(Received 19th.)

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch of yesterday is quite satisfactory for the assurance it contains. I return you may thanks and will company with your request. I trust you will have granted furloughs to the officers and members of General Assembly in military service as I requested a week since. The Legislature meets next Wednesday.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, March 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General FEATHERSTON:

GENERAL: Please move your whole command at once to Snyder's Bluff. You will proceed as soon as possible with two regiments and with a section of light artillery to the junction of the Rolling Fork with Deer Creek in order to check the enemy now advancing by Steele's Bayou and by Black Bayou. You will use every means to procure and forward information of the movements of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Ferguson has been for several weeks operating in the vicinity of Deer Creek. He has under his command a squadron of cavalry, six guns, and a battalion of infantry 250 strong. General Stevenson desires that you will assume command, if necessary, of his forces. You will be further re-enforced, if necessary, from Snyder's Bluff. On account of their proximity and of the strength of the regiments, it is suggested that you take with you in the morning the Thirty-third Mississippi and the Fortieth Alabama Regiment, now at Chickasaw Bridge. The information on which these orders are bases is that the enemy has sent five or more gun-boats, with transports carrying infantry and cavalry, up Steele's Bayou, and by Big Black Bayou. Leave at Snyder's, under proper care, all heavy baggage of the troops you take with you to Deer Creek which is not necessary for active field service.

By order of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 19, 1864.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Dispatch of 18th received. Order granting furlough was published on the 16th and copy sent you by mail.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

CIRCULAR ORDER.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV. CAVALRY CORPS,

Ashwood Hall, near Columbia, Tenn., March 19, 1863.

I. The Second Division Cavalry will more to-morrow, March 20, at 6 a. M., in the direction of Spring Hill, through Columbia, Tenn. The First Brigade will move in advance at 6 a. M. The Second Brigade

