
will move from its encampment at 5 a. M. immediately in rear of and well closed up on the First Brigade. The two brigade must move together. Brigade commanders and Captain King will have three days' rations cooked, forty rounds of ammunition will be taken to the man, in the cartridge-boxes or on the person, and twenty rounds to each man in the wagons. King's battery will move immediately in rear of the command and in front of the wagons, and will be ready to fall in at 7.30 a. M. promptly. No baggage will be taken, and only sufficient wagons to carry rations, ammunition, and cooking utensils. The wagons that are to be taken will move immediately in rear of King's battery in the order of the brigade to which they belong.

II. Brigade commanders and Captain King will have a through inspection made to day and separate the unserviceable men and horses from the serviceable, and have a complete field return of the serviceable men and horses that will be taken with them; also, separate from that a complete return of the unserviceable men and horses, teamsters, wagons, &amp;c., that are to be left behind; also, name of officer to command them, made out to-night and sent to these headquarters early to-morrow morning.

III. All unserviceable men and horses will be left behind, also all wagons that do not accompany the command, under charge of a company officer from each brigade, to be selected by brigade commanders, with a sufficient number of sergeants to call roll and keep them in camp. These company offices will be under charge of Major J. L. Harris, Fourth Mississippi Regiment, First Brigade. As soon as the command passes into Columbia, Major Harris will order all these unserviceable men, horses, wagons, teamsters, &c., to proceed four miles out on the Pulaski road, where he will establish camp and await further orders.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 20, 1863.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Mileldgeville, Ga.:

MY DEAR SIR: In reply to my telegram of the 17th instant, in reference to the seizure of the State railroad, General Bragg states that the ordnance officer at Atlanta asserted to him that the road refused to transport arms and ammunition, and that he (General Bragg) then directed the quartermaster's department to use force, if necessary, to get forward these supplies and report the facts to Colonel Wadley, superintendent. The supplies were forwarded and force was not used. Such action on the part of the officers of the Confederate Government is much to be regretted, although force, as I am glad to learn, was not used in this case. General Bragg has been directed, in the event of similar difficulties hereafter arising, to call upon you for assistance, with the assurance that you will be always ready to further, in any proper manner, the interets of our common cause.

Very respectfully and truly,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

