
RICHMOND, VA., March 20, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have received your telegram of the 19th instant in reference to the difficulty with the Georgia State Railroad, and am glad to learn that force, although threatened, was not used to forward your supplies of arms and ammunition. Any conflict between Confederate and State authorities is much to be regretted, and should always be avoided if possible. The Governor of Georgia, in complaining of your order to seize the State road, stated that he was doing all an his power to aid you; and should difficulties similar to the one in question hereafter arise your best course would be to call upon him to aid you, by his authority over the road, to obtain the required transportation.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

JACKSON, MISS., March 21, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEBERTON,

Commanding Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: In passing over the country from Grand Gulf to this place on horseback, I noticed considerable quantities of cattle grazing near the roads; also large flocks of sheep, which I think might be made available in furnishing provisions to the troops in this department. I also learned from a planter (Mr. Evens) lying five miles beyond the village of Auburn, on Five-Mile Creek, that he was willing to exchange bacon for the Texas cattle that are represented as being in an unfit condition for slaughtering, and he said others would make the same exchange if requested. I think corn could also be had in this section of the country if transportation could be furnished.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Major and Chief Engineer, Dept. Mississippi and East Louisiana.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, &amp;C., Jackson, March 21, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major T. Johnston, chief commissary.

I have already authorized poor cattle to be exchanged for meat. This section of country is convenient for supplying General Bowen's command. His commissary should be authorized by you to make the exchange above referred to. Give this your immediate attention.

Respectfully,J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, commanding.

Per J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF SUBSISTENCE, DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, March 21, 1863.

Have never received instructions to exchange beef for bacon. I will at once authorize the commissary of General Bowen's division to make the exchange.

THEO. JOHNSTON,

Major, &c.

[24.]

