HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION, March 21, 1863 - 5.20 p. M.

Major REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Please inform General Stevenson that Major John Seddon left the mouth of the Rolling Fork at 5 p. M. yesterday. Colonel Ferguson has driven back the enemy's pickets and advanced to within about one mile of the head of Rolling Fork. He drove them from an eminence which commanded their advance and occupied it himself. Two of the enemy's gun-boats and the snag-boat had grounded in Deer Creek just at the head of Rolling Fork, and could neither advance nor retire. Last night General Featherston was to get in rear of their boats with his guns and to capture them. There was no cannonading yesterday evening. That of this morning was probably the attack on the gun-boats, which, as the field guns were heard firing last, was, it is hoped, successful. The whole command was sin fine condition, fine spirits, and confident of success. Had sent a boat up Sunflower for supplies. From all the information we can procure, this movement does not seem to be made in every great force, and has for its object the cutting off of our supplies. I hope the promptness and energy with which General Featherston is acting will insure the driving back of the enemy. I sent the battalion up Deer Creek, but with instructions to obstruct it and to move as far up the creek as possible. There is no boat at Snyder's which can enter Deer Creek. One gun (8-inch) is mounted at Hayne's Bluff; one 32-pounder rifle was being mounted. A long 24-pounder will be also moved thither. Rifle pits are being made, and General Hebert is using with very great energy the means at his control. I transmitted to him the orders about the Magnolia, but I feel very hopeful that we have been in time to defeat any movement down Sunflower.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

I have been all day at Snyder's. Just returned.

[24.]

MARCH 21, 1863 - 8.10 p. M.

Brigadier General L. HEBERT:

GENERAL: Please send all re-enforcements possible on the Sharp to General Featherston, and as much ammunition for 3-inch rifles and 12-pounder howitzers as you can spare. Increase the force on Deer Creek. Tryand send a section of artillery up there, 12-pounder howitzers. Tell General Feathereston to use one of the small boats as dispatch boat to let us know what he wants. Tell him to try and get down the Meares and Golden Age. If Prince of Wales can go to Loring, send Peytona with re-enforcements also to Featherston. Assure him his rear will be guarded on Deer Creek, and that we will use every effort to sustain him. Urge the boats to make no delay. Send increased force up Deer Creek under a blod, pushing officer to attack enemy on Black Bayou and to hold Deer Creek against them.

Very truly,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

