
[CHAP. LXIV.

for your Department to make some arrangement beforehand with the Memphis and Charleston Railroad Company for the transportation of the men and baggage. the excitement throughout our State is intense, and there is not 000 would volunteers immediately to help you, if you need them, as soon as a gun is fired. And you can get plenty of men from Indiana and Illinois, too.

Yours, truly,

BLANTON DUNCAN.

[4.]

LOUISVILLE, April 12, 1861.

Honorable L. POPE WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: The men are becoming very anxious to embark, and desire you to write immediately, stating positively whether or not their offer is now accepted. They are also anxious to ascertain whether they will be ordered to Charleston or Pensacola, in order that arrangements may be made in accordance; and, furthermore, wish to be assured that arms and uniforms will be furnished them immediately on arrival. I can be elected major of the battalion, but as one company is bitterly opposed to me, and would probably withdraw in the event of my success, I have determined to decline the position. For this reason I request you to take into further consideration the application I have made for an appointment in the C. S. Army, and as war seems now inevitable, for God's sake be speedy in your action.

With an apology for that informality, and with the request that you will inform us upon the above points, I am, sir, with sentiments or high consideration, your most obedient servant,

BEN. M. ANDERSON.

[4.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 13, 1861.

Captain THOMAS H. TAYLOR,

Regiment of Cavalry, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: You will proceed to Louisville, Ky., via Memnphis and Nashville, Tenn., and make examination for the establishment of recruiting rendezvous in each of those cities. You will do the same in respect to Frankfort, Lexington, Covington, or Newport, Ky., and such other places continguous thereto as in your judgment may offer facilities for recruiting. You will report the result of your examination to this office, and await instructions for opening rendezvous.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 13, 1861.

Brigadier General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding at Pensacola, Pensacola, Fla.:

SIR: Communications addresed to this Department from Mobile treat as very practicable the opening of a route from mobile to Pensacola,

