
VICKSBURG, March 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General HEBERT:

GENERAL: Send up all of the ammunition called for by General Featherston from your supply, which will be immediately replaced from here. There is abundance here, and I will have plenty sent to Snyder's. I hope Lee will be able to relieve Featherston by a demonstration toward Black Bayou, and we must make Lee as strong as we can. Two cotton boats are to be drawn to defend Sunflower. They will be useful as transports. General Pemerton is sending a heavy gun for you. General Stevenson is very anxious to get Meares and Golden Age down with or without supplies. I have ordered Fetherston not to detain boats up there, but to send them for supplies. We are called on for all of our energy, forethought, and business capacity, my dear Hebert, and I am very glad in having you at what must become a most important base of operations in this new plan of the enemy. General Stevenson says order the cotton gun-boats, as soon as you find them in your vicinity, to proceed, one to Featherston, the other to Haynes' Bluff. They may go up Sunflower from Yazoo City. Have all the tarpaulins stretched for shelter of stores. General Stevenson desires to know what is wrong about the steamers Scotland and Prince of Wales. He hopes he may be able to help you from here in having them repaired, one or both.

Very respectfully,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, McCOWN'S DIVISION, March 24, 1863.

Hon. LANDON C. HAYNES:

SENATOR: It is thoroughly understood in the Army of Tennessee in the last few days that General Bragg has been relieved from the command of the Army of Tennessee. Can it be possible that is or will be so? The moment it is done our army here will gradually begin to degenerate into an armed mob, and six months will not pass until it is virtually disintegrated. Except an official interview, I do not personally know General Bragg, and cannot be influenced by any other than patriotic motives. While on my crutches I have, as you are aware, been in rear of his army in command of the District of North Alabama and at Chattanooga, which afforded me a fine opportunity to witness the effect of his force of character and discipline. Recently I have been in the field under him, and my convictions as to the necessity of his presence in this army has strengthened daily. General Bragg exacts military duty from officers as well as men, hence he has many of the former, as well as the latter, to become his critiques par excellence. I understand from high sources that his standing with his officers and men has been made a cause of complaint to the Government. My opinion is the very men who make the complaints will reur it in three months from to-day should he be removed. The truth is, senator, the captious wishes of officers who are ambitions should not be yielded to merely for their gratification. It is a dangerous precedent in an army to gratify the malcontents. I am for proper discipline and drill, and there is no man in our entire army who is the equal of General Bragg in organizing, disciplining, and keeping together a large command. General Joseph E. Johnston is his superior in many respects I do not

