
doubt, but together we have a happy combination. Keep it so. Those of us who wish the success of our cause above all personal considerations have a right to speak to those who are upon the watchtower of our liberties and give them to benefit of our personal and official observation, and hence I write you, as one of our guardians who I hope has to the proper extent the ear of the President, and will not hesitate to make known to him the honest and patriotic opinion of one of his offices who feels that the necessity for retaining General Bragg in his present command is urgent. Suppose this army has to fall back south of the Tennessee, and General Bragg is disconnected with it - the terror and awe of his name to deserters lost - what will become of it? It will become a skeleton from desertion - the shadow of its now substantial parts.

I am for the present commanding a brigade in McCown's division, yet I take no part in the dispute between him and General Bragg. General Stewart is in command of this division by assignment. Though I once ranked him, I take pleasure in reporting to him, and find him to be every inch a soldier and a gentleman. If the President had given me the rank which you and I thought I was entitled to as a brigadier, I might have been in command of this division; but of that I have no complaint, for it is doubtless in better hands, and am satisfied the President did what he thought was best. Would it not be consistent with your sense of duty to have an interview with the President and urge the retention of General Bragg in his present command? Let me know the result of your interview and oblige. I am quite lame yet, and fear I shall always be so, but it does not materially impair my usefulness in the camp and field. My compliments to Mrs. Haynes.

I am, senator, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BATE.

[First indorsement.]

SENATE CHAMBER, April 17, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

SIR: By request I transmit respectfully to Your Excellency the within letter.

Yours, truly,

LANDON C. HAYNES.

[Second indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, April 24, 1863.

Respectfully referred by the President to the honorable Secretary of War.

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[23.]

HAYNES' BLUFF, March 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General FETHERSTON:

DEAR GENERAL: I have seen General Stevenson. In view of your letter and other considerations, he does not think it expedient at this time to increase your force, which he hopes you will find ample to enable you to drive the enemy down the Black Bayou and to hold it. The Emma Betts is just starting with cannon ammunition for you. She will, I hope, be with you to-night. Every means will be used to urge Lee's force to

