
Bluff. The Sharp and Arcadia will be able to keep your own command supplies with all they require. He also desires that you will send up authority to the captains of the Meares and Golden Age to impress crews for their boats, or that you will by any other possible means have crews put on them to bring them down. The general considers it very important that you should so fortify point below or near junction of Rolling Fork and Deer Creek that you will be able to prevent the enemy's advance, even should you not be able to force him out of Deer Creek and Black Bayou. The limited number of small steamers at our disposal makes it very difficult to meet the demands for boats of that kind, and therefore it is that he urges you to keep your boat running as much as possible, and whenever you can to send supplies down to Snyder's.

Very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

VICKSBURG, March 25, 1863.

Brigadier General L. HEBERT:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you will send orders for the Magnolia to return here at once. He wishes you to send one of your regiments as soon as possible on one of the cotton boats of Captain Brown, C. S. Navy, and also send on her the ammunition for 32-pounder rifle, up to General Loring. Please get the remainder of your brigade ready to move to General Loring as soon as possible.

By order of Major-General Stevenson:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

VICKSBURG, March 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General LEE,

Deer Creek:

MY DEAR SIR: I have read yours of yesterday to General Stevenson. He is very much impressed with the importance of your making such obstructions and fortifications at Hardee's, or near there, as will enable you effectually to close Deer Creek against the enemy and to hold your own before you advance in force against him. He thinks a raft should be made at once at such point as you find best, and he will at once order up the two rifles which have been cut off at the foundry here to enable you to fortify your position and defend the creek. I have ordered Hebert to help you with raftsmen and tools. General Stevenson also will send from here all he can find. He will increase the supply of meat at Snyder's. I have ordered Hebert to send to you as many of the squadron of cavalry which went up yesterday, as he can possibly spare. I believe you will get them all. The route by Greasy Bayou is by far as the best, I think. If we can get one of the smaller boats it will be substituted for the Dew Drop.

Sincerely, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

