SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION, No. 69. Vicksburg, March 29, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Paragraph V, Special Orders, No. 67, dated these headquarters, March 25, 1863, is modified as follows: Brigadier-General Taylor has ranking officer will, beside the charge of his own brigade, assume command of the portion of Lee's brigade left in the river batteries and the water-front at Vicksburg, and will be responsible to these headquarters for its efficiency and conduct. Colonel Higgins, commanding Lee's brigade, will report in all cases to Brigadier-General Taylor, as will Colonel Marks, commandant of the post of Vicksburg, in matters connected with post duties; but in regimental business Colonel Marks, commanding Twenty-seventh Louisiana Volunteers, Lee's brigade, will report to Colonel Higgins.

By order of Major-General Smith:

J. G. DEVEREUX,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, March 30, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: Mr. Hatch, collector of the district of Mississippi, writes that several lots of cotton have been permitted to pass your lines without any clearance being obtained or information furnished to his office, and request that when permits to pass your lines are given they may be coupled with the condition that the export duty should be paid and due notice should be given to him. Your attention is invited to the subject. The Department in making its contracts has endeavored to maintain this provision.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[24.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIRST CAVALRY CORPS, Near Spring Hill, March 30, 1863.

Brigade commanders will keep out reliable scouts at all times, night and day, between the turnpikes, on the hills, where they can see the very first movement of the enemy in this direction. Let them go sufficiently near to Franklin to ascertain the position of the enemy's force at the present time. If the enemy advances, let the scouts count their force before they arrive at our advance pickets, and report which all speed to these headquarters. Brigade commanders will send daring men and leet them start at once.

By order of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

JACKSON, MISS., March 31, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Dept. of Mississippi and East Louisiana, Jackson:

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency Governor Pettus to say to you that he is anxious to call out all the resources of the State and place

29 R R-VOL LII, PT II

