
known as the Perdidio route. It is thus described in s sentence which occurs in a letter from Colonel James E. Saunders, of Mobile, to this Department:

A steam - boat can take troops or stores from Mobile and land them in a few hours at the head of tide water on Bon secours, the eastern extremity of Mobile Bay; thence by land over an open road used for several years four miles and a half to tide water on Wolf Creek, western extremity of Perdido bay; thence by steamer of schooner to eastern side of Perdido bay, within seven or eight miles of the navy - yard.

I request that you will as soon as practicable furnish the Department with your views in regard to the opening of this route, its probable cost, and value to the service. Yo will doubtless find many persons in Pensacola who will be able to furnish you information in regard to the route, which seems at some time to have been used.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 13, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM J. HARDEE, C. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Morgan, Ala.:

COLONEL: In answer to your communication of the 8th instant I have respectfully to state that there are three companies at Mount Vernor Arsenal, which will be ordered to Fort Morgan.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

MOBILE, April 13, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Montgomery:

DEAR SIR: At the instance of a number of our intelligent citizens, I write to say a work about the condition of Mobile in a military point of view. Colonel Hardee is, I understand, in command of Fort Morgan, but has no authority further than this. It is the general opinion here that he has a few [two or four] large guns, and that while he would be able to resist a sea attack, he cannot prevent vessels of light draft from approachable through Grant's Pass, which connects Mobile Bay with the Mississippi Sound, and which is the route commerce takes from this place to New Orleans; all of which, however, you doubtless know as well as any one. Grant's Pass is out of the reach of Fort Gaines, which latter, as I understand it, was designed to guard the entrance to Mobile of vessels which by passing near it would be out of the effective range of Fort Morgan. It is therefore the opinion here that Mobile has no defenses against approaches from small vessels. Our volunteer companies having offered their services to the Governor and, having been accepted, we are about to be without me, arms, or ammunition here, and this is creating a feeling of insecurity among our people. I do not myself apprehand any semblance of law make it, but my object is to express any opinion of my own or to give any advice, but simply to write facts at the request of our people. It would be acceptable to out people

