
them in the hands of those who are defending her from the inroads of the enemy, whenever in the opinion of the lieutenant-general commanding these resources are necessary for the defense of the State or the support and comfort of the army; but the law which places this power in the hands of the Executive has also said that the property (slaves or other property) shall be impressed for the defenses of the State upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon between the commanding general and the Governor of the State. His Excellency has been informed and believe that the conditions upon which he first agreed to impress negroes and other property has been disregarded in every particular by our subordinate officers. He therefore directs me to ask of you the following questions, and respectfully requests an answer at your earliest convenience, viz: When negroes are impressed upon your requisition for public service, will be received by you in the country or counties in which they are impressed, or will you cause transportation to be furnished? Will the Confederate authorities pay the expenses of these impressments - hire of the negroes, and value of the property, &amp;c.? If so, will it be done? Will the authority of overseers, employed to superintend the labor of negroes impressed as the law provides, be respected and maintained, or not? Negroes have been impressed and kept at railroad depots for several days, and finally sent home for the want of some agent to receive them and want to transportation - notwithstanding due notice was given that the negroes were ready to go to Vicksburg -because it is said the State must send them to the point of destination. Expenses for impressment and hire of negroes remain unpaid. The overseers employed by the proper authorities to superintend the labor of these negroes are disregarded the negroes placed under the control of strangers and in many cases badly treated. This action of the officers in charge of this matter creats confusion and unnecessary complication in the accounts of the State, besides it is often difficult for the State to control transportation; and the failure to pay hire and expenses and the bad treatment of the negroes begets a feeling of discountent and reluctance among the overseers to send forward their property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. RIVES,

Private Secretary.

[24.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIRST CAVALRY CORPS, Near Spring Hill, tenn., April 1, 1863.

General Jackson directs that you withdraw your command into camp and unsaddle. Send for your wagons. Keep your scouts well not between Lewisburg and Franklin pikes; also a small picket well advanced on the roads leading to the Lewisburg pile. Send this to Colonel Ross by this courier. Colonel Ross will keep his scouts well out toward Franklin and give early information of the movements of the enemy. Also unsaddle and send for his wagons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIRST CAV. CORPS, No. 9. Near Spring Hill, tenn., April 1, 1863.

I. The brigadier-general commanding division deeply regrets that the occurrence of yesterday compels him to call the attention of the officers

