
and soldiers of his command to the fact, which they were supposed to know before, that when an order is given to "charge" it implies that the command so ordered must go at their swiftest speed and overtake and inflict damage on the command they "charge." Hereafter when an order is given to "charge" the officer so ordered must carry his command "forward" at full speed and execute fully the order given him, or he will be instantly arrested andcharges perferred against him for cowardice and disobedience of orders, and the men will be dismounted and put with the "dismounted guard" in disgrace, and good soldiers given their horses, arms, and equipments. Delays or tardiness in obeying an order to "charge" will bring disaster and ruin upon us, while promptness and celerity will add new victories and glory to our arms.

II. This order will be ready twice to the different companies and regiments of this division, sto that no mistake or tardiness will occur in the future.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 86. Tullahoma, Tenn., April 2, 1863.

* * * *

IX. Colonel L. W. Orton,* Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Major-General Wheeler for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. WM. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Loring, April 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General HEBERT,

Commanding, Snyder's:

GENERAL: General Loring has decided to keep the Thirty-seventh Mississippi here for a day or two yet. It will be returned to Snyder's as soon as he thinks it can be spared. We arrived at Fort Pemberton yesterday morning at 2 o'clock. The Magnolia, with General Featherston and command, reached here early last night. All quiet with a cloudless sky and a prospect for fair weather. The water here is gently falling.

Very respectfully, yours,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Loring, April 3, 1863.

Captain ROBINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Please say to the general commanding that Captain Brown, of the C. S. Navy, is here and has again expressed his opinion as to the advisability of taking the cotton from the cotton-clad boats at

---------------

*An assumed name; William Orton Williams was his proper name.

---------------

