
RICHMOND, VA., April 4, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

SIR: I have recently received a memorial signed by nearly 200 of the rank and file of the Fifth Regiment, Fourth Brigade, Mississippi State Militia, stating that they are not liable to c onscription; that they have been in service eight months, and that their families will be reduced to distress unless they are allowed to return home to plant the crops for the coming season, and expressing the opinion that their services in camp are but little benefit either to the State or the Confederacy. The militia is the creature of State laws, and the petitioners should properly have forwarded this memorial to you. But as they have seen fit to address themselves to me, I respectfully invite your attention to the subject. An organization by the State of exempts to be held ready for an emergency would aid the Government, without affecting injuriously the agricultural interests, but it is feared that to continue them now in service may bring us our worts fears, the want of food. Not knowing the precise condition of things, or what it will be when this reaches your, I can only sugggest the propriety of discharging the militia, except those subject to conscription, until absolutely required. The conscripts could then be transferred to the Mississippi regiments now in the confederate service.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Loring, April 5, 1863-7 a. m.

Colonel STOCKS,

Commanding Outpost:

COLONEL: Please keep constant and close watch on the enemy at Boyd's, &amp;c. Send me prompt information of any movement toward the fery (Mrs. Lodbell's), or of any movmeent in direction of McNutt's. Re-enforce the ferry instantly if necessary, dismounting your men beyond fire. Fight as infantry. Should it be desirable to increase the force at Mrs. Humphrey's inform me at once, and do so yourself as far as you can.

Very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]
HDQRS. DEPT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 6, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Inclosed I send you the letter* of General George on the subject of trade with the enemy. There is great difficulty in suppressing this illicit traffic in this department. The enemy is in possession of the country on three sides of us, and the citizens for the most part do not seem to perceive the wrong that is done in obtaining from an enemy articles which they think they greatly need. The rules for its suppression must be clear and distinct and the military authorities must execute it [with] great firmness and vigor, or the whole subject must be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

