
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIRST CAV. CORPS, Numbers 10. Near Spring Hill, Tenn., April 10, 1863.

I. It is with pride and pleasure that the brigadier-general commanding division notices the gallant and meritorious conduct of the officers and men of the Twenty-eighth Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, First Brigade, in the charge upon Franklin to-day. When ordered to "charge into the town," they did so promptly, at "their swiftest speed," and although in the face of the enemy's batteries, and houses lined with their sharpshooters, they drove everything resistlessly before them, anbd pushed their victorious columns to the banks of Harpeth River, killing and wounding a considerable number of the enemy; and upon returning formed in good order in an open field in easy range and under the well-directed fire of the enemy's heavy guns. To show thedanger to w hich they were exposed, attention is directed to the official report of killed, wounded, and missing. Such exhibitions of valor as were shown by them reflects the highest credit upon their State, themselves, and their families, and serves to weaken and intimidate the foe. The charge of to-day into Franklin, under such adverse circumstances, finds no parallel in this war, and will embellish another PAGEof the history of our country with the martial achievements and glory of Southern arms.

II. High mention is due the officers and men of the First Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, First Brigade, for the dashing manner in whch they charged and drove the enemy into their fortifications; also to my escort, Captain William F. Taylor commanding, for the fearless manner in which, on the 31st of March and to-day, they charged superior forces of the enemy with great success. Compliments are extended to the division for the excellent manner in which they maintained their ground during the fury of the fire of the enemy, and the orderly amnner in which they advanced from and returned to their encampment. Such behavior is worthy the imitation of all soldiers, and will bear repetition upon every field.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson.

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION,Vicksburg, April 11, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: The official reports of Colonel Ferguson, his commander, and the concurrent statementsof his brother officers, represent the conduct of First Lieutenant R. L. Wood, of Bledsoe's battery, during the operations on Deer Creek, Sunflower, and the Rolling Fork in March last, to be most distinguished. He was assigned by me to command of six guns and sent to report to Colonel Ferguson, when attacked by an overwhelming force. Colonel Ferguson's command was disorganized. Lieutenant R. L. Wood is reported to have charged the enemy with his artillery, routing him, recapturing the prisoners and wagons, and saving the command. On several subsequent occasions his conduct was marked by the same energy and courage. I hope the Department will be able to promote First. Lieutenant R. L. Wood, of Bledsoe's battery, or in some other suitable manner testify its approbation of his conduct.

I am, general, very respectfully yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

