
and at Haynes'. Haynes' Bluff has this advnatage over Snyder's-vessels approaching and passing present their broadsides alternately, and their most vulnerable part, their stern, is for a long time exposed to fire. I am laid up with rheumatism.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[24.]

CIRCULAR.] VICKSBURG, April 17, 1863.

I have been ordered to the Department of Tennessee. My division does not go with me. This separation gives me very great pain, and I believe it is a cause of regret to you. Since I have been your commander we have together passed through some of the severest trials of this war. I remember with admiration the fortitude, fidelity, and courage which you have evinced in them, and the cheeful alacrity with which you have always obeyed my orders and discharged your duties. I remember, too, that in all our intercourse I have never received an unkind word or look from any one of you, and I shall always retainthe pleasantest recollections of my personal relations with you. If I have gained any honor or credit as a commander it is to you I owe it, and if I carry with me your confidence and esteem it is my best reward for the efforts I have made to maintain the discipline and efficiency of the division. I part from you with sincere regret, and I beg that you will always remember me as your friend.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

(To the officers and men of Maury's division.)

[24.]

TULLAHOMA, April 18, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

I suggest that Brigadier-General Marshallbe put under orders of Major-General Jones. Their combined forces might do much. It is reported that General Marshall is returning.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Wayne County, Ky., April 19, 1863.

Captain J. G. MARTIN:

SIR: Colonel Morrison directs me to say that he has reliable information that the enemy has concentrated a force of 4,000 or 6,000 infantry at Columbia and a large force at Lebanon, numbers unknown. Burnside's whole force at these places is reported to be 30,000 or more, and his object seems to be to re-enforce Rosecrans or to move against East Tennessee via Jamestown, but the former is the most plausible rumor. The advance on Big Creek Gap is through to be a mere feint to cover the movement of Burnside, the force being only a small brigade under General Carter. In accordance with the order of General Davis, and the information that burnside will cross the river in the neighborhood of burkesville with a heavy force, we will fall back to-day to the vicinity of Albany to impede as much as possible the advance of the enemy and to

