
keep the general advised of the movements of the foe. Any intelligence of importance will be promptly forwarded to department headquarters.

Yours, respectfully,

R. T. DANIEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, Tenn., April 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Columbus, Miss.:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding I inclose a copy of his indorsement upon your amended report of the battle of Shiloh, which he this day forwards to the War Department.* The general desires me to express his gratification that in your statemtn of certain facts you have awarded the credit for certain specail acts of gallantry to troops of your command to whom it belongs, but who have had counterclaims raised by the reports of other generals. He is especially pleased that you have corrected material discrepancies in the report of General Polk.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[10.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DISTRICT,DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Vicksburg, April 21, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Mississippi and East Louisiana:

MAJOR: The enemy are now in a bend which cannot be approached by us except in boats. They are organizing an expedition either against Grand Gulf, Warrenton, Port Hudson, or to destroy the grain, &c., on the Mississippi and Red Rivers. There is a good road from Milliken's Bend, via Richmond, Roundaway Bayou, &c., to New Carthage, and thence to Saint Joseph's. If they design attacking Grand Gulf they would run by their gun-boats and the two transports which are prepared for the purpose and cross from that point to the Bayou Pierre. Scouts report that they are building a raft. The country between Vicksburg and Grand Gulf is now under water, and I cannot see how they can land, but they may make the effort to do so at Warrenton. As there is no need of guns at Fort Pemberton, I wish the lieutenant-genearl would let me have them. Our grain must be protected on Sunflower and Lower Deer Creek, and I cannot withdraw the cavalry from that point. It is important that a force should be kept between Warrenton and Big Black. The whole of Wirt Adams' available command is needed for the country south of Grand Gulf. Bowen is calling upon me for more. Let me have that of Waul's Legion. Please let me know to-day. I have one regiment at the bridge and cannot spare any more. As that point is the best for a reserve force, I request that, if there is any such, a brigade and battery from it be sent there. I am putting up stockades for

---------------

*See VOL. X, Part I, p. 474.

---------------

