
temporary use on both sides of the bridge. If Major Lockett can be spared, I wish the general would let him come to me for a short time.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Ferguson reports four transports and troops at Skipwith's. The troops marched to Washington Bayou, which they were preparing to cross.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Jackson, Miss.:

Have you tried the use of fire-rafts to be set adrift from the cove at upper batteries at Vicksburg, to float down the river where boats are attempting to cross, covered with pine or cypress? they would be dangerous to passing vessels, and at leat would serve to light the river to aid the gunners in their aim. Have you tried anchoring fire-rafts in the river on dark nights?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DISTRICT,DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Columbus, Miss., April 22, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to state for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding that the reports which have been transmitted by me respecting the presence of a formidable Federal raid into Chickasaw County on the 20th, 21st, and 22nd instant are true in many respects, and there is no doubt that many and serious depredations have been committed. I received the first information of the enemy's presence at Pontotoc on the 20th instant about 12 o'clock, some fourteen miles above this place, when returning from a tour through the upper portion of my district. I took measures immediately to concentrate all my mounted force and three guns upon the enemy's flank and rear, and made dispositions to harass and impede his movements, which have resulted thus far favorably. Unitlw ithin a few hours the enemy has been unable apparently to strike the railroad. It is now, however, reported that after having been repulsed at Okolona by a few armed citizens they have finally taken possession of the place. The report needs confirmation. Lieutenant-Colonel Barteau sends a report, a copy of which is transmitted, noticing a conflict with the enemy yesterday near Palo Alto. From rurmors there is reason to believe that the conflict has been renewed to-day, but as yet I am not advised with what results. I have just received notice from Colonel Thompson that he starts at 5 o'clock from meridian with troops, and calls on me for cartridges. The enemy probably numbers some 3,000 cavalry and mounted infantry, with two or four mountain howitzers.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[24.]

---------------

*See also Pemberton to Ruggles, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 776.

---------------

