
[CHAP. LXIV.

to learn that Colonel Hardee's command extended to Fort Gaines, Grant's Pass, and the approaches generally to Mobile. They have great confidence in him, but understand that his authority is confined to Fort Morgan.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,

R. H. SMITH.

[1.]

LOUISVILLE, April 13, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I have immediately sent out the following order to the captains of companies organizing, and I have no doubt that we can be able to move very quickly after your dispatch reaches me. I trust that the directions [which are according to our State regulations] about uniforming will be satisfactory to your Department. It is my intention to redezvous the companies here immediately upon receipt of your dispatch and to take them by boat to Memphis, or by railroad through Tennessee, just as I may find it cheapest and can make the best arrangements. The cost from Memphis to Stevenson, I imagine, will be the same as from Nashville to that point, and be railroad we can go much faster than by boat. I will conform, however, to your direction. As you gave no directions in regard to the information of the regiment, I will conform to our State rules, and may bring you more companies than you bargained for, unless directed not do do so. I am overwhelmed with applicaitons for authority to raise companies. According to our rules a regiment may be composed of two or three battalious, of six companies each, and each under the command of a major. If good men present themselves I should take the responsibility [unless otherwise directed] of accepting their services, if they were prepared to move, and would take them along with me. If a battalion should be ready sooner than the whole regiment, I will send it down at once under command of a major. Our men are all marksmen, as you are aware, and should by all means have rifles, as indicated in my first communication to you. I shall have in the regiment several captains who understand light artillery tactics, and if is should be deemed advisable to attach one or more batteries to the regiment it can easily be accomplished. The war news from Charleston of the battle, though expected, has created a painful feeling of regret that the issue should have been forces upon the South, but you ople almost a unit in a few weeks. If deemed advisable for me to go to Montgomery for instructions prior to the departure of the volunteers from this point, I will do so upon receipt of any dispatch from your Department. The flag of the regiment is slightly different form yours, it having a large star upon the blue fliend I the center of the seven others.

I have to honor to be, yours truly,

BLANTON DUNCAN.

[4.]

JACKSON, April 13, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

No letter received from you. Thirty companies impatient for orders.

John J. PETTUS.

[1.]

