
(although suspected) for the use of the army; but, if so taken, a reasonable compensation was to be made. The military authorities in a case of suspicion might communicate the facts to the civil authorities and furnish such aid in the execution of the law as they might require. The Department does not desire that the military authorities should considdr themselves as standing in the place of the civil authorities, or should take upon themselves the duty of administering the municipla laws, Confederate or State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[24.]

COLUMBUS, MISS., April 29, 1863.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States:

DEAR SIR: At a meeting of the corporate authorities of the city of Columbus held this day the undersigned were appointed a committee to address you upon the subject of our exposed and defenseless condition, and to ask t aht you will, if compatible with the other great interests over which you preside, furnish us the means of defense. Knowing as you do our georgraphical position, and the importance of our rich valley, as one capable of produicng breadstuffs in sufficient quantities for the supply of the entire Army of the West, we deem it unnecessary to argue the question, and content ourselves with merely calling your attention to the fact. We beg leave to say that our patriotic planters had, to a large extent, anticipated your recent proclamation and have planted their broad prairie acres in grain and other articles for the subsistence of the army. In fact, sir, our country is one vast corn-field, which if protected from the enemy will, under the smiles of Providence, furnish an amount of provisions that will relieve the Western Army from all fear of want. A meeting of citizens was held yesterday at the court-house upon this subject, and resulted in the appointment of two of our most esteemed citizens as delegates to the seat of Government for the purpose of consulting with you personally, viz: Governor James Whitfield and Honorable James T. Harrison. These gentlemen (well known to you) will be able to give you any and all local information which may be desired. We are aware, Mr. President, that you must necessarily be oppressed with the arduous duties of your high position, and that your time and patience is frequently taxed unnecessarily. if we are not badly mistaken, you will find our application of that class which deserves consideration, and therefore ask for the gentlemen who present this a hearing.

Very respectfully, your fellow-citizens,

LEVI DONNELL, Mayor.

GEO. R. CLAYTON, Alderman.

ABM. MURDOCK, Alderman.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 8, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Two inclosures. An answer of general assurance and stating what had been done was handed to the committee. These papers are referred for information and due attention.

J. D.

