
navigation of the Mississippi River by Federal gun-boats has in a great measure cut off our army supplies from those fertile States west of said stream. A large portion of the State of Tennessee and all of Kentucky being in possession of the enemy derives us of supplies from that region, and we or enow in a agreat degree dependent upon the rich valley of the Tombigbee for provisioning our Western armies. To suffer that region to be ravaged and ruined by an invading army would be such an act of suicidal policy on the part of the Government as would be inexcusable, if in its power to avert. The recent raid of the enemy through almost the entire State of Mississippi, to gether with such facts as your committee have been able to obtain, convince them that the provisions made for the defense of Eastern Mississippi are totally inadequate. your committee have the utmost confidence in the military knowledge, skill, and bility of the commander of this military district (Brigadier-General Ruggles), aided and sustained by the indefitigable exertions of General J. V. Harris, of the miltia, but we believe the forces and material of war under his command are entirely insufficient to enable him to give ample security and protection to the country from the desolating raids of the enemy's cavalry, or to defend it against more extensive invasions. In view, therefore, of the premises we recommend the adoption of the following resolutions:

1. Resolved. That the President of the Confederate States an dSecretary of War be respectfully and earnestly requested, if consistent with the interest of other portions of the Confederacy, to send additional troops and material sof war to Eastern Mississippi for the protection of the towns and agricultural interests of the same from cavalry raids or more extensive invasions of the enemy, and thus give confidence and security to the planters in producing provisions for our army.

2. Resolved, That Governor James Whitfield and James T. Harrison, esq., be appointed by this meeting and requested to proceed to Richmond to lay before the President and Secretary of War the foregoing report and resolutions, and in view of the defenseless condition of this portion of the State of Mississippi to urge upon them the necessity and policy of supplying the commander of this military district with additional forces and material of war.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. R. CLAYTON, Chairman;

JAS. WHITFIELD,

GEO. H. HARRIS,

THOS. G. BLEWETT, SR.,

ABRAM MURDOCK,

THOS. C. BILLUPS,

Committee.

[24.]

TULLAHOMA, April 30, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Richmond, Va.:

About 3,000 of General Bragg's cavalry beyond the Tennessee are employing about 12,000 Federal troops of Northern Mississippi. General Pemberton has been re-enforced twice. General Pemberton has five infantry brigades of General Bragg's department. General Bragg a little above 3,000 cavalry from General Pemberton.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[23 and 24.]

