
SNYDER'S MILL, April 30, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major JOHN J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The firing has ceased and the enemy have fallen back to Blake's lower quarters, about two miles below our batteries. Seven gun-boats, three or four of which are iron-clad, and nine transports. They are all at Blake's lower quarters, all tied up to the bank. Our batteries fired almost entirely at the foremost gun-boat (iron-clad), which was considerably in advance of the others, and distant from our batteries about 2,00 yards. We struck it several times, but do not know whether we made any material damage. Our batteries are uninjured; two men severely wounded. The enemy are burning Blake's upper quarters. They are still firing an occasional shot at the hills.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JOHN H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 2, 1863.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Can you aid General Pemberton by furnishing for short service militia, or persons exempt from military service, who may be temporarily organized to repel the invasion?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

JACKSON, May 2, 1863.

(Received 4th.)

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I am organizing all the troops possible and I need arms and ammunition, having furnished returned prisoners with both until our arsenal is almost exhausted. Our people are turning out from fifty to sixty. Mississippi is more seriously threatened than ever before. Re-enforcements necessary. Send me arms and ammunition. Our people will fight.

John J. PETTUS.

[24.]

COLUMBUS, MISS., May 2, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, Richmond, Va.:

The enemy are advancing on Aberdeen in large forces. Unless arrested will occupy the place by the 4th. If the troops in the neighborhood were armed and consolidated they would be able to defend the country against the present raid. We will have other raids in rapid succession. A public meeting in Aberdeen to-day appointed me to visit this place and communicate the above afact sto you and request that you send General Joe Davis' brigade for the defense of this section, that you telegraph to General Pemberton to furnish a brigade to meet the present raid, and that you appoint Judge Gholson brigadier-general to take charge of the troops now about Okolona. Reply.

R. DAVIS.

[24.]

