
the precuations suggested in your dispatch. Up to this hour, 9.30 p. m., no reliable news from any quarter has been received at the Executive Office. I am instructed to state to you that deeming the State troops at Milldale, in the vicinity of Vicksburg, in their present state incomplete in point of effeciciency for the public defense so far as their numbers and organization are concerned, he deems it of the highest importance that they should at once go home and mount themselves as cavalry. He has the highest assurances from their commanding officers that they are perfectly able to do so without delay, and largely increase their strength by collecting absentees and fresh volunteers. In accordance with these views orders have been issued to commanding officers to take their men home and mount them, and His Excellency trusts that his action in the matter is such as you would yourself suggest.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

W. A. BARBOUR,

Secretary.

[24.]
HDQRS. FORNEY'S DIVISION, ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI,May 2, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN C. MOORE,

Commanding Brigade:

SIR: In compliance with instructions from district headquarters the major-general commanding directs that you will at once send three of the regiments of your command to the left of Vicksburg, directing them to camp to-night at the first water on the Hall's Ferry road, about a mile south of the city. You will leave a sufficient guard of convalescents in your present camp, and in preparing for the march General Orders, Numbers 19, from district headquarters, must be obeserved. You will hold the other two regiments of your command ready to march also to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1863.

General R. DAVIS,

Columbus, Miss.:

Your dispatch received.* General J. R. Davis' brigade is now in the face of the enemy, and you will perceive by intelligence now going over the wires what our condition is. General Pemberton is engaged with the enemy south of Vicksburg, and you know his necessities. I have no information in reference to the troops near Okolona. If they are militia I cannot appoint a commander for them; if they be a brigade of Confederate troops without a brigadier-general I will readily adopt the recommendation of the people of Aberdeen in relation to appointment of Gholson.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1863.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Your dispatch received.* Arms and ammunition have been ordered forwarded to the arsenal at Jackson, and I think we shall be able to

---------------

*See May 2, p. 464.

---------------

