
one. His carreer has been eventful. An educated soldier, he has served with distinction in the armies of his country for nearly a quarter of a century with varied successes, at times shrouded and enveloped in the gloom of defeat, at others his career made resplendent with the most glorious victories; but in the midst of it all he has presented the same calm, intrepid front. Self-sustaining, self-reliant, he barted his breast to every shock with that true, g enuine nobleness and courage which he so eminetly possessed. At the commencement of the present war he occupied a very high position in the Army of the United States, which he had won for himself by his own valor and military skill unaided by any influence from powerful friends. Upon the dismemberment of the Federal Union he was amongst the first to resign his position and espouse the cause of his native State, Mississippi, byw hose authority he was placed in command of her forces, second only to Jefferson Davis. Probably more interest has gathered around him than anyother general officer on this continent, for amidst the glory that his deeds had won for himself a storm of obloquy burst upon him at one time, and his friends trembled for his safety; but with his wonted calmness, steadily and bravely, he met his relentless enemies and hurled every charge trimphantly and proudly back upon t hem, making for himself a complete and magnificent vindication. it stands upon record; it is enrolled in the archives of the nation. Upon the battle-field he was the personification of courage and chivalry. No knight of the olden time ever advanced to the contest more eagerly, and after the fury of the conflict had passed away none were ever more generous and humane to the sufferers than he. As a commander he was warmly beloved and highly respected; as a gentleman his social qualities were of the rarest order; for goodness of heart he had no equal. His deeds have rendered his name worthy to be enrolled by the side of the proudest in the Capitol of the Confederacy, as it is, and long will be, sacredly and proudly cherished in the hearts of his command.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

JACKSON, May 8, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Hour of trial is on us. We look to you for assistance. Let it be speedy.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[Indorsement.]

Re-enforcements are on the way to aid you, and every effort has been made to hasten them.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[24.]

JACKSON, May 8, 1863.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

The people within this department-soldiers and citizens-do not repose that confidence in t he capacity and loyalty of General Pemberton which is so important at this juncture. Whether justly or not, we are certain three-fourths of the people in army and out doubt him. Send us a man we all can trust-Beauregard, Hill, or Longstreet-and

