
Nashville, April 13, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Leading military men of Tennessee meet here tomorrow to devise plan for concert of action to assist you.

John C. BURCH.

[4.]

MOBILE, April 15, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Yesterday I transferred to General Bragg the command of the Ninth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers under Chalmers, and the Tenth Regiment under Colonel Phillips. This morning I received the reports of thej artillery companies of Captain Kerr and Captain Todd, at Hall's Ferry, and ordered them to march immediately and jreport to General Bragg. I go to Jackson to organize the additional troops called for.

Respectfully,

CHAS. CLARK,

Major - [General], Commanding Army for Mississippi.

[1.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 16, 1861.

Colonel W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Fort Morgan, Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: I transmit herewith a letter from Mr. John T. Morgan, of Mobile, addressed to the Secretary of War. The Secretary desires that this letter be submitted to Major leadbetter, with instructions to examine and report in full, with the least delay practicable, on the points suggested by Mr. Morgan, together with such views as he may have to offer, the letter of Mr. Morgan to be returned to this office with the report of Major Leadbetter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

MOBILE, April 4, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I have just returned from Fort Morgan, where I was ordered to join General Clemens. Six companies of the South Alabama volunteers have left the service, but their places were readily occupied by the gallant North Alabamians. I did all I could to prevent the movement, but it had gone too far. The officers and

non - commissioned officers of Captain Morgan's company attempted to remain, but Colonel Hardee would not admit them into other companies already organized, because they were as full as he desires to have them. They left the fort in tears. My brother had resigned his commission and was admitted as a private in another company and was afterward elected major. I saw Kennedy in the Florence guards as private, and many other elegant gentlement from that country and Madison and Limestone. Captain Forney, with forty - eight men from Calhoun, was permitted to remain at the fort until he could send home for other recruits. I hope he may

