
General Loring captured; train surrounded; cut his way out to Crystal Springs. Now moving to Jackson. I am sending provisions to meet him there to-morrow. I have no doubt the enemy have a very large army, and will make it larger if they think it necessary to their success. Re-enforcements prompt and heavy are necessary.

John J. PETTUS.

[24.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 15. Spring Hill, Tenn., May 19, 1863.

This corps being on the eve of an important move, the brigadier-general commanding desires and hopes that the brave and gallant soldiers who have so nobly sustained themselves on many hard-fought fields and gained so well-deserved reputation for discipline and good behavior, will prove themselves still worthy of their excellent name. Let no staggling be seen; march in ranks, and show that as in the hour of battle you are each and every one of you at your posts that also upon the tedious march you know how to preserve order and intend to do it.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 1. Columbia, Tenn., May 19, 1863.

I. The First Division of Cavalry will hereafter be known as "Jackson's Cavalry Division," and will consist of two brigades and King's battery of light artillery, which will report directly to these headquarters.

II. The First Brigade will retain its present organization and will be commanded by Brigadier General G. B. Cosby.

III. Brigadier General J. W. Whitfield, having reported to these headquarters for orders, is assigned to duty with the Second Brigade, under its present organization.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEORGE MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 20, 1863.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: Continued illness, which has confined me to my room during several weeks, has prevented a more prompt reply to your letter of the 4th ultimo. It gives me pleasure to learn that your wishes in the matter of transportation for the army over the State railroad have been satisfactorily attended to. A recent letter from General Bragg informs me that at the time of his eizure of the cars on the road he did not know that it belonged to the State, and assures me that he will hereafter use every precuation to prevent improperinterference with its management. The kind and emphatic terms in which you express your approval of the general measures of my administration, and convey assurances of future support, afford me much gratification. That

