
the war may be proseucted with vigor and success, co-intelligence and co-operation between the Confederate and State governments are necessary. I shall be glad at all times to receive an expression of your views upon matters of public policy, and shall awlays consider them with proper deference.

Very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 20, 1863.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Enterprise, Miss.:

Arms and ammunition have been sent forward, and it is reported to me that since the 5th of April 16, 231, small-arms have gone forward and are available in Mississippi. Orders have been given to furnish as many more as are required by General Johnston and General Pemberton. You can get, I have no doubt, full supplies from the ordnance officer of General Pemberton.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

SHELBYVILLE, May 20, 1 863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

Roddey returned to North Alabama some days since, his command jaded and much crippled. I immediately ordered Jackson's division, of Van Dorn's corps, to join you. It is now in motion. Will send artilelry immediately.*

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[24.]

YAZOO CITY, May 20, 1863.

W. W. RUCKER,

Commanding Post:

Inform General Johnston that enemy's gun-boats are reported ascending the Yazoo, and from their position at sunset may be expected to reach Yazoo City by noon to-morrow.

I. N. BROWN,

C. S. Navy.

[24.]

HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, May 20, 1863.

CHIEF OF STAFF, GENERAL PEMBERTON'S HEADQUARTERS:

Skirmishers of the enemy have advanced steadily to-day. Are now from 100 to 300 yards of our works, covering the whole front. The enemy appear to be in force on my extreme right, fronting the two right regiments of Moore's brigasde and extending some distance beyond. They have a battery immediately on the left, on the Baldwin's Ferry road, and not more than 400 yards from our battery at the Cox house. A shot from this battery passed through the parapet of the Cox house battery, killing one man and wounding several others. I send Major Ball in to-night to see if we can have a siege piece of heavy gun sent

---------------

*This in reply to Johnston, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 902.

---------------

