
out to-night to silence it. The sharpshooters of the enemy are annoying us very much. They are picking off our men whenever they expose themselves on any point of the line. I believe we could drive them back by sending out skirmishers in front, and thereby render our guns more efficient, and hope the lieutenant-general commanding will permit me to do so to-morrow. I have had no report from the brigadier-generals as to t he casualties of the day, but believe they will reach the number of yesterday, but not exceed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS FORNEY'S DIVISION, May 20, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. MOORE,Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he has received a communication* from the lieutenant-general commanding putting him on the alert against a night attack and enjoining special vigilance at that portion of his line most threatened by the enemy, and also directing him to re-enforce General Stevenson's left in case an attack is made there. The general wishes you to have your men during the night thickest at the weakest point. During the day they can be spread out equally again; and at all times when an attack is made they should close in toward the threatened point. In case General Stevenson's left is attacked you can send General Green's command, or a portion of it, w ithout waiting orders from these headquarters. But the general would remind you that General Green's troops are all that are under his control that are outside of the trenches, and would therefore advise some caution in parting with them. The thirty bales of cotton will be sent to you to-night. Please inform us of the use you make of them. More will be sent you if you can use them to advantage.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, May 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREEN:

GENERAL: General Forney directs me to inform you that General Hebert reports a column of the enemy's infantry moving from our right beyond Baldwin's Ferry road toward our center and left. He directs that you will hold your command in readiness to move when called upon by General Hebert.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

ENTERPRISE, May 21, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Dispatch received since [here?] to-day that arms and ammunition for me at Selma. Communiation cut off with Vicksburg. Grant has

---------------

*See Taylor to Forney, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 900.

---------------

