
invested the city. General Johnston when last heard from had crossed the Big Black at Moore's Ferry. I have no information that he has formed junction with Pemberton. General Loring, near Jackson with 6,000 or 8,000 troops, lost his twelve guns in cutting his way out when surrounded near Edwards Depot. Re-enforcements cannot reach Vicksburg unless strong enough to fight their way in. Report here that Grierson again threatening railroads in East Mississippi and re-enforcements from Memphis to enemy.

John J. PETTUS.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 21, 1863.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Enterprise, Miss.:

Further directions given about arms and ammunition. Endeavor to re-enforce Loring, so as to enable him to make the movement. Division of cavalry on its way to your aid.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

PORT HUDSON, May 21, 1863.

(Received 23d.)

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Positive information that the enemy has a large force at Canesport, and is moving down to cross at Bayou Sara against this place. His whole force from Baton Rouge is in my front. I am very weak and should be rapidly re-enforced.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

[26.]
HEADQUARTERS FORNEY'S DIVISION,May 21, 1 863.

General HEBERT,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will have the mules and horses that have been killed skinned and the cotton bales on the parapet covered with their skins. He also directs that you directs your commissary to turn over to the engineer officer (Lieutenant Blessing) the hides of the slaughtered beeves for the same purpose.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

ATLANTA, GA., May 22, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I beg to call your attention to t he inclosed important letter from Colonel Lee, commanding this post. Colonel Lee is an officer of a good deal of experience, and his suggestions [are] in my opinion entitled to consideration. There is a great deal of apprehension for the safety of Atlanta and the railroad leading to Chattanooga,

