
and I trust you will find it consistent with the interests of the service to give him the necessary authroity to protect this place and the country around and through which our railroad passes to Chattanooga. Colonel Lee has the confidence of our people, and if allowed will protect upper Georgia against all attempts at invasion by the Yankees. The letter inclosed was written at my request.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIUS J. GARTRELL,

Member of Congress from Eighth District of Georgia.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY POST,Atlanta, May 20, 1 863.

Honorable L. J. GARTRELL,

Member of Congress:

DEAR SIR: The exigencies of the case demand, I think, some extra precautions to meet the encroachments of the enemy upon this part of Georgia. It is very evident from threats of the enemy that it is an object of major importance to them to destroy the State road and Atlanta. They know as well as I do that the State road is a vital artery, and Atlanta the largest deot of supplies of the confederate States, and they also know that to burn and destorye these would be almost to "break the backbone of the rebellion." Of course I consider it of the first importance to fil them in this thing. When I had my provost battalion here I could at any time muster 500 or 700 men whom I could control, but since it has been annihilated by the special order of Brigadier General J. K. Jackson, I cannot raise 100. Any man of experience knows what little dependence is to be placed in a crowd of men not under military authority. Say there is a crowd of 5,000 men in Atlanta, and you know as well as I do that upon a panic or a raid I could not effectually control 500. If I had the authority to use the means which ae spontaneously offered to me by the people I would with my life guarantee the safety of Atlanta. Under present cirucmstances 500 Yankees in a dash would destroy all before effectual resistance would be made. I think we should prepare in time. This is addressed to you as the Representative of this Congressional district, hoping you will call the attention of the proper authorities to our local defense.

Very respectfully,

G. W. LEE,

Commanding Post.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,May 22, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. MOORE:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that the lieutenant-general commanding thinks that if by concentrating all our guns against those of the enemy that annoy us most can effect anything, it might be tried, but says that not more than two rounds to the gun must be used. Colonel Steever will see you about it in the morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

