
War, upon his application and my hearty indorsemnt, to allow him to muster into his command, in addition to those not amenable to military service, all conscripts in the counties of Barbour, Pike, henry, Dale, Coffee, and Covington, in the southeastern corner of the State. This license worked so well and his recruiting proceeded so rapidly that the authority awas extended to other counties throughout Middle and South Alabama, and he was permitted to enlarge his command to a brigade, to be completed early in the month of June, w hich I doubt not will be duly accomplished if our present plan of operation is not interrupted. He has now in camp near this city one regiment of infantry and one regiment of cavalry (excepting two or three companies now scouting in West Florida between the Chattahoochee and Choctawhatchie Rivers, hunting up deserters and watching the coast). He has also one company of artillery.

Besides these, he has established a camp at Tuskeegee, where another regiment of infantry is forming, and a camp at Newbern, Greene County, where another of cavalry is being organized. His total force recruited, I suppose, is over or about 2,200 men. Within the last few weeks all these troops, most of whom started into service for six months, and for special service, animated by a strong affection for their State, and in view of the threatening attitude of of the enemy toward North Alabama and Mobile, and controlled in a large degree by the enthusiasm and eloquent apeals of their commander, whom they almost idolize, have unanimously waived their privileges and voluntarily mustered for the war; and they are ready, when fully organized and prepared for the field, to fight for their country wherever the military authority may direct. The two regiments already organized are not yet armed, but I have the assurance of the Secretary of War that 1,300 arms have been shipped, and others will shortly be forwarded. In other respects the equipment of the men is proceeding with satisfactory dispject to any orders for the removal of any portion of this brigade beyond the State of Alabama until the brigade shall have been fully recruited, and the command got ready to move with efficiency; and cannot then assent to it so long as the State, with all its valuable shops, foundries, and other public proeprty and stores, and the homes and property of our people, are exposed, as they are now, to the organized raids of the enemy. Something is due to the men in this command, who are not liable to conscription, and who were induced originally to join it with a primary object to defend their own exposed section; and while all are now regularly mustered, and, of course, subject to orders to go anywhere, they have, under the peculiar circumstances of their organization, some ground for indulgence in the belief that they will not be ordered away from Alabama so long as their service may be required or needed within her limits. But, asisde from any considerations of what may be yielded by way of indulgence to the officers and men, I beg respectfully to advise that, in my opinion, it would not [be] just to the State of Alabama in the present aspect of affairs to order this brigade beyond its limits, even if it were fully organized and equipped. The Secretary of War contemplated locating the command at Pollard.

The troops so far raised have been drawn from the District, or Department, of the Gulf. If General Clanton is permitted to establish recruiting stations in or near the mountains, I am confident that he will be able to gather into his ranks many conscripts and dodgers whom the enrolling officers can never find or reach. This is an important point of itself to be gained, and which, under the plans now contemplated, I

