
With the command of General Clanton posted at Montevallo as headquarters, and with the mounted companies in the gaps of the mountains, with well-organized couriers to give the alarm, he would be albel to precipitate his men in any given direction threatened by the enemy. And if Mobile or Pollard should be attacked, the facilities of transportation would enable him to re-enforce those epositions before the enemy could reach them. I have written you at this length because I desired to express fully the wants and necessities of the State, and to assure you of the earnest purpose with which I shall press the claims of the State to the brigade of General Clanton, as well as to advise you of the circumstances under which it is being raised and its present condition.

And sincerely hoping that my reasonable expectations as to its future disposition may not be disappointed, I am, dear sir, your obedient servant,

John GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

[23.]

MERIDIAN, May 23, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

Will be in Jackson in two days. Have ordered mounted militia there.

John J. PETTUS.

[24.]

SHELBYVILLE, May 23, 1863.

General JOHNSTON:

I send you a division of infantry. Do you wish the batteries? If sent by land, will take much time. Cannot send horses by rail.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[24.]

JACKSON, MISS., May 23, 1863.

General GARDNER:

Port Hudson:

Orders have been sent to you for the immediate envacuation of Port Hudson. You cannot be re-enforced. Do not allow yourself to be invested. At every risk save the troops, and if practicable move in this direction.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[26.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,May 24, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I will send this by Colonel Saunders. Major Lockett and Captain Wintter have gone to examine the approaches of the enemy on Jackson road, and will send you the report so soon as they return. If we storm we will have to send the three small regiments of General Hebert's brigade stationed in front and on either side of the approaches,

