
total 400 men. Troops should replace these regiments in the ditch. The Seventeenth Louisiana has been taken from General Moore (in reserve). General Bowen sends one or two regiments up. Would it not be well to transfer Colonel Waul from General Lee to General Moore, and for General Stevenson to re-enforce General Lee, for the whole of the Missouri brigade (General Bowen) to re-enforce the Jackson road, and for Major-General Smith to re-enforce the Graveyard road?*

I am, major, very respectfully,

JOHN H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,May 24, 1863.

Brigadier-Generals HEBERT and MOORE:

GENERALS: The major-general commanding directs that you detail an officer with a small guard to impress negroes that he may find unemployed for work on the fortifications. Many can, doubtless, be collected in the ravines. When collected, they will report to your engineer officer at dusk for work.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT,DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Panola, Miss., May 24, 1863.

Major A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The country north of the Tallahatchie River is still full of forage, and is not exhausted of provisions, and the growing wheat crop, which will soon be fit for harvest, gives promise of a large supply of breadstuff if the planters are able to save it. I have endeavored to protect it, but find it impossible with my present force to maintain any permanent encampment north of the river against the overpowering forces of mounted men which the enemy are continually sending out from their posts on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. If 1,000 well-disciplined men c ould be spared to me, I think they would enable me to protect the wheat crop until it can be harvested. At present I have determined to establish my camp at this place (keeping companies of scouts constantly north of the river), s o as to guard the terminus of the railroad here, and to get out as much provisions as possible from the country north of us, and at the same time to keep one-third or one-half of my command operating on the Mississippi River in Tunica and Coahoma Counties, which are in my district. A few pickets at the bridges and ferries on Coldwater can protect the flanks and rear of this force, and I have directed a bridge to be thrown over Yazoo Pass, so that if hard pressed they can move from one county into other. If I should be driven from this point it is my intention to retire with my whole force into the Mississippi bottom. The country there abounds in provisions and forage, and offers extraordinary facilities to enable a small force to contend successfully with a larger one. If

---------------

*This in reply to Memminger, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 912.

---------------

