
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 29, 1863.

Honorable L. J. GARTRELL,

Atlanta, Ga.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 22nd instant, inclosing a communication from Colonel Lee relative to the defense of upper Georgia from invasion. In reply I have the honor to s ay that I cannot a uthroize the enlistment of conscripts in any new organization, but I would suggest the formation of companies from non-combatantsunder the law for "local defense and special serve." The Department is of ully alive to the importance of organizing the entire population capable of arms to resist the raids of the enemy, and will cordially co-operate in any legal movements intended to effect an object so much to be desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 2, 1863.

Governor I. G. HARRIS,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

Dispatch of yesterday received. Instructions sent to General Bragg as suggested.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]

COURTLAND, ALA., June 3, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just returned from a visit to General Bragg at Shelbyville, Tenn., where I went to try to procure arms and ammunition to put into the hands of the citizens of North Alabama to protect themsevels against tthe destructive raids of the enemy. General Bragg informed me that he had no authority to transfer arms to the citizens, and hance my appeal to you. our country is already reduced from wealth of t he citizens anda rich and highly cultivated soil to watn and isery; our negroes and stock abducted; our large and valuable manufacturing establishment sburned; our grain and provisions, of which there was great abundance, all destroyed; and general ruin threatens us unless immediate and proper steps be taken to arrest these destructive raids; and as our able-bodied men are all gone and you cannot afford us that protection necessary, I entreat you let us have arms and ammunition, and we will try and protect what is now left. I feel confident that after our wicked enemy shall have consummated the destruction of our property that he will violate our women, and we are unable to make any immediately what action you will take on this subject. Time to us is precious.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. FOSTER.

[23.]

JACKSON, June 3, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond:

Re-enforcements continue to come to Grant. Enemy intrenching around Vicksburg. Haynes' Bluff and Lower Yazoo in his possession.

