
to such works) as would defy a heavy column of the enemy. I respectfully urged this work upon the attention of General Johnston early last spring, suggesting to him that North Alabama was the wak point of Tullahoma, and that if the enemy were allowed to enter North Alabama a serious raid would be made upon Chattanooga, perhaps Atlanta. This, Your Excellency is well aware, was attempted, ad had well nigh proven a success; and from information lately received we may apprehend a similar raid and with largely increased forces; hence the great importance of prompt measures. I am aware that there might be some difficulty in the way of the Executive in ordering the men of one State or district to be conscripted and not in others; yet could not this be obviated by extending the order over all the States? This, being our darkest hour, demands our greatest efforts. There are many other suggestions which I should be greatly pleased to lay before Your Excellency, but, fearing I may have already trenched too heavily upon your time and patience, shall desist, hoping that in your wisdom you may be able to devise some plan to rescue this section from impending ruin. I trust I shall not have offended your Excellency, as these suggestions have been prompted from dangers that seriously threaten to destroy this people. Permit me, before closing this communication, to call Your Excelency's attention to one other point. when I left home to visit General Bragg there iexisted in the command in North Alabama a difference of opinion as to seniority, out of which much confusion has previaled in the command, and, it is feared, much injury to the country. This difficulty has, however, been happily obviated by the recommendation of Colonel Roddey for promotion, both by General Johnston and General Bragg. Permit me to hope that this recommendation will meet with Exeuctive favor, as the gallant officer is eminently deserving, and a proper organization of our forces here will be greatly facilitated. We feel confidel and gallantry of our highly esteemed friend, Colonel O'Neal, at the great battle of Chancellorsville, has not been overlooked by Your Excellency, and that the colonel has received the promotion so nobly won. We feel great confidence in the success of our arms at Vicksburg.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. FOSTER.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War please notice and reply to the within letter. The honorable member has overlooked the restriction upon new organizations in his recommendations to call out men subject to conscription. For the purpose and in the manner indicated, irregular bodies of troops are not as efficient as dsciplined and instructed soldiers, but when we have not enough of the latter the former is our necessary resort.

J. D.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 4, 1863.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Yours of June 3 received. My dispatch of May 18 was intended to prevet the evils which you now describe. I have not the power to comply with the request you make. Had it been otherwise your application would have ben anticipated. General Johnston has never

