
of the officers of our regiment is now in session. Many citizens belonging to no company, and who cannot enlist for a longer period, are willing to unite with us.

Respectfully,

J. N. CLANTON.

P. S. - We would, of course, if accepted, act as infantry.

J. N. C.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 16, 1861.

General J. H. CLANTON,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to say in reply to your letter of this date that it is impossible that he can receive troops of any description at present for Pensacola, because the force already there is as large as is now desired. The Secretary, however, appreciating the patriotic motives of General Clanton and his associates, will cheerfully give them a letter of General Bragg, expressing a hope thatif a collision with the enemy should occur these gallant gentlenem may, under his direction [and subject to his decision on the expediency of availing himself of their services on the occasion supposed], have opportunity to participate in the engagement. It must be underrstood, however, that such a letter as indicated will be unofficial in its character, and that the gentlemen who bear it are not connected with the Army of the Confederate States, but only gentlemen in their individual capacity desiring to take part in the defense of the country.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

[1.]

LEXINGTON, KY., April 16, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Twenty thousans men can be reised to defend Southern liberty against Northern conquest. Do you want them?

John H. MORGAN.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 16, 1861.

Major B. M. ANDERSON,

Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to reply to your letter of the 12th instant, and to say that this Government has not yet decided to accept the services of troops offered from States without the Confederacy, for the reason that for the present, and until the war policy of the Washington Government is more completely evolved, it is impossibloe to say what number of troops will be needed for our defense. No one will understand better than yourself that it would be unwiseto call into the field a greater number of trooations of the enemy may make necessary. So far we are not

4 R R - VOL LII, PT II

