
announced any accession to his force from the militia or exempts of the State. I relied much on the aid they would give to him. To furnish the re-enforcements sent to Mississippi we have drawn from other points more heavily than was considered altogether safe.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAV. DIVISION, Colonel Love's, two miles and half from Numbers 4. Canton, Miss., June 5, 1863.

With feelings of gratification and pride the brigadier-general commanding announces to the troops of this division the compliments extended to them everywhere for good behavior, discipline, and soldierly bearing on the march, and that the commanding general of the West has spoken of their fine appearance after so great fatigue in the most flattering terms. In entering upon this campaign let it be your ambition not only to emulate the deeds of other commands, but to excel, and let it be the aim of each and every one of you to prove yourselves here worthy of the proud reputation you have so nobly won on distant fields.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAV. DIVISION, Colonel Love's, two miles and a half from Numbers 5. Canton, Miss., June 5, 1863.

I. Brigadier General J. W. Whitfield, having been assigned to duty temporarily with the Second Brigade of this division, and he having no written orders to report to these headquarters, is hereby relieved from duty, and will report to General Joseph E. Johnston.

II. Colonel L. S. Ross, Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry, will assume command of the Second Brigade of this Division.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 135. Richmond, Va., June 6, 1863.

* * * *

XVIII. Authority is granted J. L. Buskett to raise a company of cavalry from the State of Kentucky, to constitute a part of a regiment in course of formation to be commanded by Colonel A. L. McAfee.

XIX. To prevent the confusion arising from a similarity in the numbering of different regiments from the same State, it is hereby ordered that the Tennessee regiment commanded by Colonel C. D. Venable shall be known hereafter as the Fifth Tennessee Regiment; that commanded by Colonel B. J. Hill as the Thirty-fifth Tennessee Regiment; that commanded by Colonel J. P. Murray as theTwenty-eighth Tennessee Regiment; that of Colonel W. M. Bradfort as the Thirty-ninth Tennessee Regiment; that commanded by Colonel E. E. Tansil as the Thirty-first

