
their neighborhood. You will oblige me by an early reply directed to me at this place, Benela, Clahoun County, Miss.

Very respectfully,

J. W. CLAPP,

Member of Congress, First District of Mississippi.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 9,1 863.

His Excellency Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Georgia:

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 25th ultimo reached me in due course, and has received special attention. I fully concur with you in the importance of affording adequate protection against the predatory attack of the enemy to the railroads, work-shops, and depots of supplies ssituated in the western and northwestern portions of your State, and I shall cheefully co-operate with you to the extnt of my power and the means at my disposal in taking the best measures to defend them. I regret, however, that the pressing exigencies of the service at other points actually invaded or immediately menaced by the enemy will not permit that a regiment of cavalry should be detached from the armies in the field for the service which you suggest. But I think that the want may be supplied by the organization under the act of Congress authorizing the raising of troops for "local defense and special service" of a regiment of non-conscripts, whos muster-rolls would se forth the special service which it is intended they should perform, and who, when received into the service of the Confederate States, may be employed in conjunction with the State force for the purpose and in the manner recommended by you.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 6. Major Moore's, Miss., June 9, 1863.

I. Brigadier General G. B. Cosby, commanding First Brigade of this division, will at once take position near Mechanicksburg, between the Big Black and Yazoo Rivers. He will guard and protect all the country between the two rivers, his right resting on the Yazoo, and his left on the Big Black. He will establish a line of couriers between his headquarters and Yazoo City, and will promptly notify the general commanding division of infantry in his rear, also these headquarters, of the first movements of the enemy, either by land or water. He will keep his command as near the enemy as circumstances will permit; bold, reliable scouts in his front, also upon the rivers, to watch movements of boats. He will establish such a system of scouts as to keep himself posted about movements of the enemy around Vicksburg and Snyder's Bluff, occasionally sending scouts to the Mississippi River, and find out if possible the strength and position of the enemy. Keep their cavalry close upon their infantry lines. The utmost attention must be paid to picketing.

II. Colonel Wirt Adams' regiment of cavalry having been ordered to report to these headquarters for orders, the commanding officer of it will report at once to Brigadier General G. B. Cosby, commanding First Brigade of this division, for duty.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

