HEADQUARTERS SEA-COAST SECTION,Harrison County, Miss., June 9, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that up to date everything has remained quiet in this section. The contraband trade has stopped by the enemy. Information has been received that it is the intention of the enemy to take possession of the hotels on the coast as hospitals this summer. This country swarms with deserters from a lmost every organization formed in the sea-coast counties, and there are not less than 1,000 of them in the three counties of Harrison, Hancock, and Jackson, and it will require a good force of well disciplined cavalry to get them back to the army. Finding that the small force I had detailed to watch the forage sent here for Steede's battalion were incapable of doing any good here, I have ordered Captain P. K. Mayes to report with all who had come in to Colonel R. V. Richardson, as the two companies first ordered here had already reported to Colonel R[ichardson] and had not been sent back. Of the number ow sent with Captain Mayes, twenty-nine are men who left the command at Holmesville without leave, and reported to me at this place. I send with Captain Mayes eighteen men, deserters from different regiments, a list of which he will hand to you. Should you send me any force, I would respectfully suggest that it be not Steede's men.

I am, your most obedient servant,

WILL. WREN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 10, 1863.

Honorable THOMAS J. FOSTER,

Courtland, Ala.:

SIR: Your letter of the 3rd instant, earnestly requesting arms for the citizens of North Alabama to enable them to protect themselves against the raids of the enemy, has been received. In reply, you are informed that arms will be furnished as far as the resources of the Government will allow to crops formed regularly under the act of Congress for local defense and special service, approved August 21, 1861, and such organizations are earnestly recommended and will receive the countenance and aid of the Government.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[23.]

JACKSON, June 10, 1863.

President DAVIS:

From the information received from the military authorities here we are convinced that it will require not less than 30,000 additional troops to relieve Vicksburg. The withdrawal of these troops may possibly involve the surrender of all Middle Tennessee to the enemy. The failure to re-enforce to this extent certainly involves the loss of the entire Mississippi Valley. General Johnston believes that the question should be decided by the Government. We concur with him. We respectfully submit that Vicksburg and the country dependent upon it should

