
be held at every sacrifice, and that your order the requested number of troops to be sent forward with that view. It is unnecessary to say that time is all important and that decision should be promptly made.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

A. G. BROWN.

W. P. HARRIS.

E. BARKSDALE.

D. F. KENNER.

[24.]

ENTERPRISE, June 10, 1863.

(Received 12th.)

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Re-enforcements pouring in to Grant, believed to be from Resecrans. As you love your country, send more men to Johnston. He cannot hold the department without. For God's sake give up any other move until you have made all safe here. Your Government depends on it.

W. Q. POINDEXTER.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,On the road, June 10, 1863.

Major A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Canton:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have made the following disposition of my command in obedience to instructions from General Johnston to perform the outpost duty for the army: Cosby's brigade (five regiments), with a section of artillery, to guard and protect the country between the Yazoo and Big Black, his headquarters, near Mechanicsburg. He has orders to establish a line of curiers to Yazoo City and report the earliest moves of the enemy to the general commanding division in his rear. The Texas brigade (four regiments) and a section of artillery to take position east of Big Black, Colonel Ross commanding, headquarters near Bolton, his left to extend to Baldwin's Ferry. I shall establish my headquarters for the present at Vernon, with line of couriers to each of my brigades; also to Canton. Colonel Ross is instructed to report any important move to Jackson, also to my headquarters. I am sadly inneed of accurate maps of all this country. I send a staff officer to procure them for me. Any assistance you can render him will be appreciated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[24.]

RICHMOND, June 12, 1863.

Dr. W. Q. POINDEXTER,

Enterprise, Miss.:

Your dispatch shows you are greatly mistaken as to ou rresources. Everything which was practicable was promptly done to give General Johnston the requisite force. It was feared that delay would aid the enemy both by re-enforcements andintrenchments. Let every patriot who can bear arms join the army for temporary service at least in the defense of their homes and the support of the struggle for independence.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[24.]

