
these re-enforcements must necessarily be anticipated by you in such manner ascircumstances shall indicate to you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

JACKSON, June 16, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. May not Kentucky now be invaded by all the troops of Tennessee? I suggest it to the Government and that East Tennessee should be added to your command.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[23.]

MONTGOMERY, June 16, 1863.

Honorable J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Cannot General Clanton's command be sent forthwith to the valley of the Tennessee? His force is much needed there, not only to give protection to that region but to retake stragglers and deserters from the Army of Tennessee, which have congregated in the mountains in large numbers and are armed, robbing and plundering.

John GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 17, 1863.

General S. B. BUCKNER,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: General Johnston, by telegram of 16th instant, suggests the propriety of extending the command of General Bragg over East Tennessee. I have not forgotten the readiness you express to accept any arrangement or assignment which the public interet might inidcate; but I have felt some doubt as to whether the proposition might not involve greater evil than that for which it was proposed as a remedy. I would be glad to have a full expression of your views upon the subject. Inclosed you have a copy of a letter this day addressed to General Bragg, to which your attention is invited.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inlcosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 17, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c., Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: General Johnston, in telegrams of 15th and 16th, reports the expression of his opinion that he cannot under existing circumstances advantageously command both in Mississippi an dTennessee; and in referring to the reported movements of Burnside's corps to re-enforce Grant says: "Will not this enable us to invade Kentucky? For this General Bragg's command should extend over East Tennessee." The arrangement made of several departments in a geographical district, to the command of which General Johnston was assigned, was intended to secure the fullest co-operation of the troops in those departments,

