
and at the same time to avoid delay by putting the commander of each department in direct correspondence with the War Office. Under this view of the case the Department of East Tennessee, &amp;c., was created, because of the delay which would attend the transmission of reports and orders, if they must need pass from Southwestern Virginia to Middle Tennesse, and thence to Richmond, Va. Your telegram of the 15th, suggesting orders for co-operative movement by General Buckner, manifests the defeat of the existing arrangement while General Johnston's attention is absorbed by the operations in Mississippi. I would be glad to have from you such suggestions as you may please to make in relation to the proper remedy for the existing evil. Your command could be extended to embrace that of General Buckner by extending the limits of the Department of Tennessee. You will know better than myself how far the means of communication and your own leisure would permit you to direct the operations, especially in the eastern portion of General Bucker's department. You can also judge better than myself how far co-operation can be relied upon without the exercise of other command than that which arises after the junction of forces in camp, marches, &c. There are, no doubt, many conditions which do not now occur to me, but which exprience has brought to your attention, and I will be glad to have a full expression of your views, being happily fully aware that your wish can in nowise differ from my own-the success of our cause in the unequal struggle in which we are engaged.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 12. Vernon, Miss., June 17, 1863.

The Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry is hereby temporarily detached from the Second Brigade of this division, and will relieve the Ninth Regiment Texas Cavalry, now o n duty a Brownsville, Miss. The commander of the Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry will make his reports and returns directly to t hese headquarters until further orders, giving the commander of the Second Brigade information of the movements of the enemy. He will carry out the same instructions, previusly given to the commander of the Ninth Regiment Texas Cavalry, in regard to picketing, policing, &c., and will give these headquarters the earliest information of the movements of the enemy.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 13. Vernon, Miss., June 17, 1863.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers --, from General Joseph E. Johnston, dated headquarterss Canton, Miss., June 15, 1863, Brigadier General J. W. Whitfield is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade of this division. He will carry out the same orders given to Colonel L. S. Ross, commanding Second Brigade.

By order of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

32 R R-VOL LII, PT II

