
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 18, 1863.

Governor J. G. SHORTER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

General Maury's force has been so much reduced that I cannot remove General Clanton's command without his concurrence. Apply to General Maury for the force necessary to prevent collection of deserters.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[23.]

SHELBYVILLE, June 20, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Dispatch of 18th just received. Roddey will give all aid in his power. I will increase his command soon. The direct road from memphis to Corinth is not in operation. Bridge over Hatchie and tuscumbia not yet rebuilt, but wagon trains make connection. A heavy raid from Kentucky into Bucker's department renders assistance necessary. Sent him a brigade each of infantry and cavalry temporarily. All quiet in my front.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[23.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 147. Richmond, Va., June 20, 1863.

* * * *

V. C apt. John A. Avirett's company (Saint Clair Sharpshooters) alabama Volunteers will proceed without delay to Mobile, Ala., and report to Major General D. H. Maury, commanding, to be attached to and form a part of the Ninth Battalion Alabama Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 20, 1863.

Governor PETTUS AND OTHERS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Your dispatch received.* The military authorities from whom you derive your information should know that the withdrawal of 30,000 troops as suggested would involve not only the loss of Middle Tennessee, but the dismemberment, through the center, of the confederacy east of the Mississippi River. The efforts made to send re-enforcements to Mississippi show my appreciation of the importance of the issue there. Your dispatch is discouraging, as indicating no reliance on efforts to be made with the forces on the spot, but as suggesting that there is no time to be lost, when muich time would be necessary to carry out your proposition were it practicable.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

---------------

*See June 10, p. 493.

---------------

