
collected. Hearing [of] the evacuation of Kentucky, I ordered Morgan's division at once to move into that State, and asked Buckner to let Pegram co-operate. Morgan, as usual, was not ready; wanted a week, but was refused and ordered off. He did not get off, however, as he never has obeyed any order to move in less time. Before he crossed the Cumberland I hear of Pegram's rapid retreat before an inferior force-a mere raid-and in a short time the enemy appear at Loudon bridge-about 2,000 mounted infantry. Buckner had just infromed me he was concentrating against a force at Big Creek Gap (Jacksborough). I sent a regiment from Bridgeport to Loudon, and enemy fell back and attacked Knoxvill. Was repulsed by one regiment and citizens there. Meantime I sent a brigade of infantry to Loudon to act as might be necessary, and ordered Morgan to move in behind this force on the raid and capture it. Thus the matter stands. Telegraph and railroad are bothw orking to Knoxville for twenty-four hours, but I hear nothing from Buckner or Pegram. The recent order transferring to my department all the territory south of Little Tennessee will require me to detach a brigade if General Buckner carries out his idea of withdrawing the troops. I said to him on receiving the suggestion that I coul drelieve them as soon as I could withdraw those from Mobile, transferred out of my department. I trust he sees the point. It seems he has been to Richmond and arranged matters his own way. I feel most acutely for you, general, in the position in which you find yourself. Great ends to be secured, high expectations formed, and most inadequate means furnished. How we can now see the folly of last spring; 's operations in diverting you from your aims. The men who were the real authors of that suicidal course will never be known for the harm they have done. They sit quietly and enjoy the exemption from responsiblity, only awaiting another opportunity to criticise you or anybody else, and wisely say "I told you so." God grant you what I almost fear to hope for-success. But whatever the result, general, I bear witness you are not responsible for the dangers brought upon us.

Yours, very truly,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[23.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., June 23, 1863.

Honorable THOMAS J. FOSTER,

Courtland, Ala.:

SIR: Your letter of the 4th instant has been referred to this Department by the President for reply. The state of his health and of the public business has been the occasion of the delay that has occurred. The Department is fully impressed with the exposed condition of North Alabama and of the valley of the Tennessee. A very cursory examination of the condition of the country will show you that the means at the disposal of the Department have been employed for the protection of that section as far as practicable. There is not an army in the field that has not been confroting an army numerically superior, greatly superior, to itself. The enemy have been able toe xtend their raids to within three miles of Richmond. They have reached the line of railroad in North Carolina. They occupy both banks of the Mississippi for hundreds of miles without check. They have revaged Louisiana. They beleaguer our garrisons at Vicksburg, Port Hudson, Savannah, Charleston, Wilmington, while they possess the whole coast of Virginia.

