
The army of General Bragg is one of the best organized and equipped that we have, and every facility has been given to recruit its numbers for the protection of Tennessee and Alabama. This statement is made to show that the Department has not been inconsiderate of the section of country to which your letter relates. The Department has considered your suggestion to call out conscripts of a more advanced age in this section of country; but it is satisfied that it would not at this time be productive of good. The difficulty of executing the existing calls has been of the most serious character, and the obstructions in the way of its administration of the law, from men of character and influence, have embarrassed the operations of the Department to a serious extent. It si only necessary to refer yiou to the action of the local judicial tribunals as a single specimen of this sort of interference. The writ of habeas corpus has been abused of thte purpose of relieving from the army men who, under the careful and well-considered opinions of the Department, are clearly liable. Desertions have been encouraged by this sort of action to a degree that it has almost ceased to be considered as a crime, and you can bear witness what a pressure has continually been brought upon the Department to grant exemptions in cases not provided for by the laws from yoru own observaton at the seat of Government.

In view of this state of things, the Department has proposed to call out the entire population that may be willing to arm for local defense, or special service, and for this purpose has addressed the Governors of all the States on the subject. Its plan is contained in public orders, which are herewith submitted to you, and your assistance is asked to carry them into full effect in the portion of Alabama which you represent, and ove which your influence extendcs. These voluntary organizations are not equal in efficiency to enlisted and disciplined troops, but they atre all that can be readily obtained, and their services cannot fail to be rpoductive of much security, and will certainly be useful for the defense of exposed positions in which the presence of an army cannot be commanded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[23.]

JACKSON, June 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Grenada:

Employ as much of your force as is necessary is moving provisions and other property, but provisions first, from the country between the Yazoo and Mississippi Rivers--Issaquena County especially.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, June 25, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

From causes into which it is needless to enter, the control of the Mississippi will be lost unless Johnston is strongly re-enforced. Can you give him further aid without opening to the enemy the way to the

