
Tennessee and Virginia Railroad and uncovering Georgia and Alabama? I need not state to you that the stake is vital to the Confederacy.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS FORNEY'S DIVISION,June 25, 1863.

Brigadier General L. HEBERT,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he is gratified that you appear in such good spirits. Apply to General Green in his (General Forney's) name to use his Parrott gun as you desire. A profound silence prevails along the lines except at the point at which you are attacked.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS FORNEY'S DIVISION,June 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General MOORE:

GENERAL: General Forney directs me to say that two regiments from General Bowen's command, now in rear of General Cumming's brigade, have been ordered to report to you forthwith. Place one regiment wheever you see proper, and one in the head of the magazine hollow as a reserve for the Jackson road. The enemy have sprung the mine on their works on the Jackson road with but little loss on our side. An attack at that place is momentarily expected.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. WILEY,

Aide-de-Camp.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Vernon, June 25, 1863.

Major A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Canton:

MAJOR: Your communication in reference to enemy's move on Brookhaven received 3 a. m. this morning. I have sent orders at once for General Whitfield to intercept that party, leaving a sufficient force to do the picketing. I have ordered the Adams cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Wood to take position on the extreme left of my line to guard the country between Baldwin's Ferry and Grand Gulf and protect the New Olreans railroad. I am quite certain this party is not from Grant's army; more likely to be from Banks'. I have just returend from inspecting the line of the two brigades. The enemy have a picket on this side of the river at the Big Black bridge; they are inside our old fortifications and under the protection of the guns at the bridge. I directed General Whitfield to make a reconnaissance in force and ascertain their strength at the several position on the river (Big Black), the number of guns in position, &amp;c. His report will be in to-day. My lines extend close to the river at every place except at the

