
bridge, and are within two miles at this place now, though I found on my arrival that General W. was not carrying out my orders strictly in regard to flags of truce.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[24.]

SHELBYVILLE, June 26, 1863.

(Received 28th.)

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

At present it is impossible, but a conflict, which now seems certain, may change the aspect here.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[23.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,July 1, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army in Field:

GENERAL: Tryon and Dickinson left Vicksburg Sunday, 28th of June, 2 a. m., with verbal and written dispatches. Being closely pursued by enemy, were compelled to destroy written dispatches. General Pemberton says large number of transports loaded with troops, escorted by gun-boats, have gone down the Yazoo and up the Mississippi River to Greenville within the past week; theat the enemy's lines on our left (their right) considerably weakened; their left very much stengthened with artillery and infantry since commencement of siege. They below up a redan on the Jackson road Thursday evening, June 25, 5 p. m.., doing comparatively little damage. Made a charge and were repulsed. They are fighting with hand-grenades. enemy close to our lines ane were mining along the entire line. General Pemberton expects in a very short time to have to fight enemy with bayonets. Provisions would hold out a while longer by jerking mule meat. Our troops on opposite side of river have fallen back to Monroe. General Myers' [Mower's?] division and Ellet's marine brigade had gone in that direction. Bearer of dispatches states on his own account that our troops are in fine spirits. He passed near Snyder's Bluff; that place strongly fortified, and as far as he could see line of intrenchments extending in direction of Bovina. Fortifications on the hills and timber clared away in the direction of Big Black.

Very respectfully,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS FORNEY'S DIVISION,July 2, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. MOORE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to instruct you that in case a flag of truce is sent into our lines by the enemy, or sent to them from our lines, you will immediately give orders to the

