
regimental commanders not to allow the men to leave the trenches or to hold any conversation with the enemy, and to require the enemy to keep his ordinary distance from our lines.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CROOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.--The general wishes this notice given to commanders of regiments to-night.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS,Monroe, La., July 4, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding C. S. Army, Vicksburg, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: On the 29th ultimo I received at Shreveport a letter from General Elzey, volunteer aide to General Taylor, conveying information from you of the critical conditino of the garrison at Vicksburg. I proceeded immediately to this point. On the road I met Lieutenant Cunningham with your dispatch of the 26th of June. I find it impossible to do anything from this side for the relief of Vicksburg. When General Taylor, with all the disposable force of the district, was ordered opposite Vicksburg, I believed much would have been achieved. General Taylor was instructed to spare no exertions in thorwing supplies into Vicksburg. His efforts were vain. The main object of the expedition, the relief of Vicksburg, was unaccomplished. General Taylor, reporting it impossible to do anything more, returned to Alexandria, proposing to conduct in person the operations opposite Port Hudson. I approved of General Taylor's course, as the troops were not withdrawn from opposite Vicksburg, but were left under the command of Major general Walker, and as General Taylor's presence was needed below, and as a communciation had just been received from you announcing the investment of Vicksburg and Prot Hudson, s tating that you were arranging for the belief of the former place, and caling upon me to do all that I coudl for the relief of the garrison of Port Hudson. At the time of General Taylor's arrival here the force concentrated at his disposal numbered about 7,000. Operaint in the swamps of Mississippi, sickness has reduced them to less than 4,000 effective. The enemy have re-enforced, and are prepared and on the lookout. The relief of Vicksburg from this side, which General Taylor with his force found impossible, is, with the means now at my command, absolutely impracticable. I inclose you a copy of a communication on this subject from General Walker.* I have taken steps for communicating with General Pemberton, and for throwing in a supply of caps, which I hope will prove successful. I have written him that he can expect no aid from this side; that his sole hope is in cutting hs way through the enemy's line; that he must, by sending out information, determine the day when, by simultaneous atack of both your forces on the same point, the garrison may be extricated; that on his information I will in advance make some demonstration with the hope of drawing to this side a portion of the investing force. Any escape of the garrison by the river is, I believe, impracticable. It, with the character of the peninsula opposite, is an insurmountable obstacle to

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure, but see VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 999.

---------------

