
success. Finding nothing is to be done opposite Vicksburg, I have ordered General Walker to occupy a point above Lake Providence, which, while his flanks are protected and his retreat secured, offers advantages for interrupting communications on the river.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, C. S. Army.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS FORNEY'S DIVISION,July 4, 1863.

Brigadier General L. HEBERT:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inform you that the terms of the capitulation of Vicksburg and garrison have been completed and are as follows: The officers and men will be paroled at once, retaining their private baggage, commissioned officers their side-arms, and mounted officers one horse each. At 10 a. m. to-day each brigade will be marched out in front of its respective position, stacking arms. It will then return and bivouac in rear of the trenches until the necessary rolls can be completed. You will please state to your troops that these terms are concurred in by the general officers, and you will caution your men not to avoid being paroled, as it is to their advantage to have the papers properly made out. So soon as this order is received you will cause white flags to be displayed along your line.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. H. FORNEY,

Major-General.

(Copy to Brigadier General J. C. Moore.)

[24.]

JACKSON, July 6, 1863.

Colonel JOHN L. LOGAN,

Commanding vicinity of Port Hudson, near Clinton, La.:

Your recent sucesses,* especially that resulting in the capture of Springfield, have obtained the commendation of General Johnston as exhibiting vigor, enterprise, and courage in you and your troops. He hopes a continuance of your extertions will lead to still more important results. You are requested to publish this dispatch in orders to your command.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[26.]

MOBILE, July 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

Colonel Lamar at Jackson reports Vicksburg captured on the 4th. Officers to retain side-arms and personal baggage. Garrison paroled and sent within our ines. Please have my requisition for artillery and ammunition filled at once. Send me two or three workmen who can

---------------

*See Logan to Johnston, VOL. XXVI, Part I, p. 182.

---------------

