
band rifled 32s or 42s, of which I have twenty unbanded. Please send me some Brooke guns and ammunition and eight 20-pounder Parrott guns.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[26.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 8, 1863.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

What is the state of affairs at Vicksburg? The old key is used.

Answer by telegraph.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

JACKSON, July 9, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Garrison at Vicksburg capitulated on the 4th for want of provisions, 22,000. Officers retain side-arms and private property, to be marched within our lines and remain prisoners of war until exchanged. If arms are promptly sent them, a dnteh exchange pressed to speedy conclusion, Mississippi may yet be saved. Enemy have marched out in force andnow in seven miles of Jackson. Prisoners from Vicksburg on the way to this place.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[24.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 9, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I replied two days since to your telegram* relative to a forward movement. With a view to a more complete understanding, and also to procure arms long since promised by the Ordnance Department, but which have not yet been sent to me, I send Major J. Stoddard Johnston, of my staff, to confer with you. A large portion of my cavalry are most indifferently armed. They cannot render efficient service in their present condition. I have to request that you will give such orders as will secure the immediate forwarding of the necessary arms. Major Johnston will give you more in detail than I can furnish in a letter the general plans which I propose--plans which of course may be modified by the development of facts in relation to the enemy. I will remark that if a forward movement is deisgned form East Tennessee the column should be as strong and as well organized as the Government can make it. The troops of this department are raw. They are the residuum left after taking the best troops under General Kirby Smith to the Army of Tennessee. They have not yet passed the ordeal of fire and consequently should be mingled with veteran troops to give them stability under fire. If, therefore, it be designed for me to advance, I would respectfully suggest that Wharton's small brigade from General Jones' force be added temporarily to Preston's command, and that as many brigades as General Bragg can spare be added to my division. With the small force

---------------

*See VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 903.

---------------

