
likely to be placed at my disposal I do not expect to hold Kentucky, but if I can start with 10,000 infantry, and Morgan's cavalry, now in Kentucky, be ordered to report to me, I can certainly occupy until the autumn as many as 20,000 or 30,000 of the enemy in Kentucky. The effect would be a powerful diversion in favor of the other armies. It is for the War Deprtment to judge of its expediency.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 11, 1863.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Your dispatch received.* The cause of the fall of Vicksburg increases, if possible, my painful disappointment. It appears the army inside did its full duty. What aid can you give now to defense of interior? Grant may offer another opportunity. What is present state of feeling and of public opinion? Telegraph and write fully. We are entitled to immediate release of paroled garrison, and will endeavor to have the promptest action.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

JACKSON, July 14, 1863.

(Received 15th.)

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Port Hudson surrendered on the 9th. Banks will probably re-enforce Grant at Jackson. General Pemberton arrived in Jackson last night. Affairs [in] Mississippi look gloomy. Will write you at length.

John J. PETTUS.

[24.]

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 15, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The fall of Vicksburg and Port Hudson exposes to the enemy the cotton purchased by the Government in Mississippi and Louisiana. I learn that many of the planters in whose care this cotton was will probably leave their plantations, so that there will be no person to whom the duty can be intrsuted of preserving the cotton (if it can be preserved) or of destroying it when it is likely to fall into the hands of the enemy. Under these circumstances I would respectfully submit that the subject should be placed under the control of the commanding generals, and that they be instructed to destroy all such cotton as cannot be preserved from the hands of the enemy.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

---------------

*See July 9, p. 506.

---------------

