
CAMP NEAR MONTICELLO, MISS., July 20, 1863--11 p. m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of the West:

GENERAL: Your communication of 17th received to-night. I stated in my last letter of 17th that I was then moving east, and did not think I could stop this side or west of Pearl River for want of forage. I moved from Liberty because I was unable to feed my stock without returning to the vicinity of Jackson or bayou sara, La., which I considered hazardous, the enemy having at Port Hudsona superior force of cavalry to mien, and had landed a forcea t Natchez, including 700 cavalry, and the occupying the railroad below Jackson, Miss. I also had a very large wagon trian to protect, sixty-five or seventy in number, and in order to do so had to move all the command. I am now here; have crossed most of my wagon train, and am of the opinion that I should move on at once for the following reasons: First. My command is verymuch depressed and demoralized at our reverses. Second. Three of the battalions are pasing by their homes, and many have deserted. Besides, I have a considerable number of dismounted men. The command is very much reduced. I cannot now bring out more than 600 men for a fight. My horses are jaded and need rest. Since you have abandoned Jackson I am liable to be cut off--in fact, the enemy are threatening me from Hazlehurst. I have concluded to remain there until I hear from yoru again. In the meantime, I shall keep an eye on the enemy, and if any opportunity presents itself shall strike him ablow. Your order in regard to the railroad has been executed. Indicate to me what you desire me to do and it shall be done.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.

P. S.--Communications will reach me here unless I am forced to move east. I am also protecting a large number of beeves now on the way to your army.

LOGAN.

[26.]

CHATTANOOGA, July 22, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

A very formidable expedition of mounted troops is preparing at Hutsville. Its destination, the interior of Alabama and Georgia. Our depots at Atlanta are in great danger. Forbidden to interfere with the arrangements of the War Department at that place, [it] is my duty to say they are totally inadequate and unreliable.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[23.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 22, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The War Department may differ from you in the choice of the officer to command the depot at Atlanta without expecting to furnish the means to him to defend the place against an attack of the enemy, and

