
$5,000,000, and if destroyed they could not be now replaced at any cost. I also expressed the opinion that these equipments could be so disabled and the tracks of the road so destroyed as to render the whole useless to the enemyf for a period quite as loing as if totally destroyed, when their ability to procure new equipments is duly considered. Would it not be better to incur some risk of these equipments falling into the hands of the Federals for a time than to desroy them entirely? If they remain on the road in a disabled condition they may become a base for the re-equipment and reoperation of the road, should the fortunes of war and circumstances permit, but with their entire loss all such hope will be destroyed until after the restoration of peace. There is great danger of equipments and road being unnecessarily destroyed by some timid office left in charge on the first alarm of danger. Sucfh has frequently been the case in times past. I hope you will have the order for the destruction of these equipments countermanded if consistent with public interest. I have to-day addressed a letter to the honorable Secretary of War in refernce to the organization of an independe t company from our employes. Should it be submitted to you, permit me to ask a favorable consideration of the request therein contained, and shoudl you favor me with a reply please direct to Macon, Noxubee County, Miss., as we are without mail facilities.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. GOODMAN,

President.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred by the President to the honorable Secretary of War.

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 8, 1863.

Telegraph not to destroy except in last necessity.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

[24.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 24, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The president of the Mississippi Central Railroad telegraphs that you have ordered the destruction by fire of railroad equipments to the value of $5,000,000. The President directs that efforts be made to bring away the equipments, which should be taken down the road for removal as far as may be necessary.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 27, 1863.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Morton, Miss.:

General Johnston telegraphed the substance of reports of General Cosby and Colonel Taylor. Use all available means to ascertain the

33 R R--VOL LII, PT II

