
movements of the enemy, whether up or down the river, number of transports, and communicate both facts and your deductions. General Johnston will at Mobile learn whether any demonstration is being made on the Gulf coast.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

MORTON, July 28, 1863.

(Received 29th.)

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Brigadier-General Cosby saw yesterday a man who left Vicksburg the day before. He reports McPherson's corps and Logan's command, estimated a division, the only troops in Vicksburg. Many transports, loaded with troops, had gone both up and down the river. He could give neither the number nor proportion. No enemy this side of Big Black. I am satisfied the purpose of the enemy is to re-enforce the Army of the Potomac. He may also attack Mobile, though I think his present intention is to recover Louisiana. I have taken steps to secure the information you desire.*

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[24.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 5, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Morton, Miss.:

DEAR GENERAL: On the 2nd instant I received this dispatch from General Cooper: "If we can spare most of Johnston's army temporarily to re-enforce you, can you fight the enemy?" Hardee had previously dispatched that he was ordered to be ready to re-enforce me. Knowing nothing definite of your means, I was utterly unable to answer, and therefore asked the conference to benefit by yoru advice, and requiest you to take the eocmmand in case we determined on the move. Before receiving y9ur reply I learned from Gneeral Hardee, through General Polk, what your efective force was, and promptly informed the Department that the means would be entire ly inadequate to enable me to seek the enemy beyond the mountains. I inclose a copy of my letter to General Cooper.+ To "fight the enemy" is a very simple operation when you have the means and can get at him. But with less than half his strength, and a large river and 50 to 100 miles of rugged, sterile mountain, destitute even of vegetation, between you and him, with our limited commissariat, the simple fighting would be a refreshing recreation. This being the only conclusion at which I can arrive, the defensive seems to be our only alternative, and that is a sad one.

Very truly and faithfully, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[23.]

MORTON, August 6, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

It is all important to put the Vicksburg army promptly in the field. Pemberton's unpopularity, whether merited or not, unfits him for the

---------------

*See also Hardee to Davis, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 1037.

+See VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 952.

---------------

