
task. It is more than doubtful whether he can reassemble that army. I feel it my duty to make this statement. Although the task of reorganization will be difficult and disagreeable, and I do not desire the duty, yet should you conclude to relieve Pemberton I am willing, under existing circumstances, to undertake it. General Johnston has seen and approved this telegram.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[24.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 9, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR SIR: Major Memminger handed to me yours of the 29th ultimo, and I intended to reply by same medium, but he left sooner than I expected, and I must adopt the less safe channel of public mail. The article to which I called your attention bears internal evidence of its origin, and indicates some points which shoudl be noticed in your report. It was therefore that I wished you to read it. I ddi nto expect or desire that you should reply tot he articles found in the papers. The staements in relation to operations connected with the battle of Baker's Creek sufficiently warn you of an attempt to place on your all the responsbility for all which preceded and followed that event, and indicated the points to be covered. To some men it is given to be commended of rwhat they are expected to do, and to be sheltered when they fail by a transfer of the blame which may attach. To others it is decreed dhtat their success shall be deied or treated as a necessary result, and their failures imputed to incapactiy or crime. The test of sucess, therefore, though far from just, is one which may be accepted in preference to the popular delusion so readily created by unscrupulous men who resort to the newspapers to disseminate falsehood and forestall the public judgment. General Lee and yourself have seemd to me exaplmes of the second class, and my confidence ahs nto bee diminished beacuase letter-writers have not sent forth your praise on the wings of the press. I am no stranger to the misrepresentation of which malignity is capable, nor to the generation of such feelings by the conscientious discharge of duty, and have been taught by a disagreeable expeirence how slowly the messenger of truth follows that of slander. The court which has been ordered to inquire into the campaign in Mississippi and East Louisiana will, I trust, develop the real cuases of events and give to the public the means of doing justice to the actor. I thinak you for the information in relation to my brother, for whose safety I have been very anxious.*

With my best wishes for you and your family, I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[24.]

MORTON, August 10, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Colonel Logan reports from Jackson, La., that he attacked the enemy there, 750 strong with two guns, the evening of the 3d. Killed, wounded, and captured at least 100 Yankees and a large number of

---------------

*For reply, see Pemberton to Davis, VOL. XXIV, Part III, p. 1057.

---------------

