
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 9. Canton, Miss., August 26, 1863.

I. The brigadier-general commanding desires to public to his division the important and successful services rendered by two small scouting parties, one of the Wirt Adams Regiment Cavalry, First Brigade, the other of the Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry, Ross' cavalry detachment, as follows:

II. Sergeant Barlow and seventeen privates of Company M, Colonel Wirt Adams' regiment of cavalry, on the 11th day of July attacked and destroyed, near Clinton, Miss., a Federal wagon train of 13 wagons, capturing and bringing off 41 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers, 41 mules, and mortally wounding a quartermaster.

III. Private Joseph Cobb, Company G, in charge of Privates William Harris, Barnwell Blankenship, Company G, and Sterling White, Company H, Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry--four privates in all--on the 10th day of August swam Big Black River at Baldwin's Ferry, went within one mile of a Federal encampment, captured and brought off 22 armed Federals and 18 mules; also cpatured 3 wagons which they damaged bu could not get across the river.

IV. The achievements of Sergeant Barlow and his dashing little command, and of the four daring Texans, is brilliant in the highest degree and attracts merited attention to them for bravery, promptness, and nerve which is well worthy the emulation of their comrades in arms. The brigadier-general feels proud that he has command of such men.

By order of Brigadier-General Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., August 28, 1863.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Since my last report to the Department the steam-ships Alabama and Fanny have gone to Havana with cargoes of cotton half to be sold on Government account. The whole of the return cargoes will be in Government stores, to be paid for in Government cotton. The Alabama took out 325 bales on Government account; the Fany took out 150 bales on Government account. These are the two best ships now in this trade. I believe that the people concenrned in runnign the blockade will run their ships on Government account oly on compulsion or in consideration of extraordinary benefits from the Govenrment, and it is probable that owners will sell their ships in havana, and that future voyages will be made under a foreign flag. I therefore suggest that the Government authorize its agents in Havana to purchase proper boats and take the business into its own hands. I wished to charter the Alabama and Fanny, but the profits o the blockade-runners are enormous, and they would not surrender them to the Government except at charges which seemed to exorbitant that I would not concolude a charter without the approbation of the Department. As the cargoes were ready for the ships, and the dark moon was almost past, I could not wait for your approval without losing this voyage. The little steamer Crescent took to Havana some weeks ago 150 bales of cotton

