
for Bohn &amp; Co., under an agreement made some time back with Mr. Buttner. She was to bring her whole return cargo in meat, but she made such poor speed on her voyage to Havana that I understand she is delaying her return from fear of capture. She cost the Government $22,000 nearly two years ago. She will probably sell in Havana for more than that amount in gold. I recommend that authority be at once sent to Mr. Helm to sell her there, as she evidentlyw ill not suit the blockade-running business, and her chief value here was as an express boat in Mobile Bay.

The cargoes last delivered here by the Alabama and the Fanny were in large part for Government, and before the orders of the Secretary of War reached me I had been endeavoring to secure the whole carrying capacity of the ships going and coming. The contracts which have been made with Messrs. Hohenstine, Ford, Clarke, and R. A. Johnstone have up to this time brought no result. S Ample time sseems to have been afforded the parties to execute them. The authority granted to the parties to touch at new Olreans with their cotton opesn the way to serious evils, and causes much uneasiness and dissatisfaction tot he loyal citizens hereabouts. I recommend the abrogation of these contracts. Please appoint some proper person, or authorize me to appoint a proper person, to receive and secure the money and cotton of the Bank of Lousiiana seized by me at Montgomery recently. I have to-day information of large additional assets of the same bank, which I expect to secure. There has beena recent arribval of exiles and of reported spies from New Orleans. Concurrent sttements go to show that the enemy is now preparing an expedition against Mobile. I cannot find any evidences of naval preparation, and such publicity is given to their avowed designs that it may be the troops now assembling at an near New Orleans are destined for some other purpose than the capture of Mobile. The prepareations for defense here are going actively on, except that the supply of ammunition is hard to procure, especially projectiles for ehavy ordnance. The sources of our supply here are of limited capacity and insufficient to meet my requirements. With a proper garrison and a proper supplyo of ammunition I believe Mobile can successfully resist any attack of the enemy. The defneses are strong, adn there will be excellent opportunities for succording forces to operate against the enemy's line of comunciation, which will be a long and weak one, whether he land at Pascagoula, at Portersville, or at Pensacola, and I have a confident expectation that by the time the attack will be made here forces will be available to succor the garrison.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[26.]

CHATTANOOGA, August 30, 1863.

(Received 31st.)

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

We are in great need of arms for both exchanged prisoners and recruits. Have arms sent to us the earliest moment possible, and if you can re-enforce this line it is of the highest importance.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[30.]

