
proper that you should be advised of the abduction of the slaves from Tortugas, I prevailed on the postmaster, J. C. Whalton, to charter the smack Neptune for $100 to take a mail to Cedar Keys immediately. We are in a state of perfect suspense and uncertainty. This must account to you for this hurried and disjointed communication.

With perfect confidence in our good men at our several helms, and the justice of our cause, I remain, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. WATLINGTON.

APRIL 18.

The weather prevented the smack from getting off yesterday. Lieutenant Morton, from Tortugas, arrived here last night, and I learned from good authority that the message to Mr. Filor is what he sent. He protested as far as it was his privilege against the negroes being taken.

In haste,

F. W.

Of the slaves taken thirteen belonged to James Filor, three to J. B. Browne, two to D. W. Whitehurst, one to J. C. Whalton, one to R. L. Hicks, one to F. J. Moran.

[Indorsement.]

Received at the Executive Chamber, Tallahassee, April 29, at 10 a. m., 1861.

[1.]

MOBILE, April 17, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

In view of certain contingencies, shall I stop here any news other than official dispatches coming from Pensacola? It is reported Slemmer has made demand for navy-yard and forts. You will soon hear definitely. No one knows this. Confederate bonds sold enthusiastically.

L. F. ZANTZINGER,

Manager Telegraph Office, Mobile, Ala.

[1.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 17, 1861.

Colonel W. J. HARDEE, C. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Morgan, Mobile, Ala.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to call your particular attention to the inclosed copy of a letter received to-day from General Clemens.* The Secretary desires that you will correspond with General Clemens on the subject of his proposition, and as far as you can, consistently with your judgment in the matter, co-operate with him in strengthening the defenses of the harbor. The guns which he suggests being placed at Sand Island, Choctaw Point, Spanish River, and Dauphin Island can be replaced at your fort from Baton Rouge Arsenal before carriages now making for them can be completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

