
DUBLIN, VA., September 5, 1863.

President DAVIS:

General A. E. Jackson is at Bristol with 1,300 men. General Williams is near Saltville with an irregular force of 1,000 men, half cavalry, and Colonel Giltner's cavalry of Preston's command. The remainder of Preston's cavalry, probably under General Davidson, is with Buckner. General Jones will have McCausland's brigade at Saltville by Tuesday. No one seems to have authority in Preston's district. Cannot it be temporarily annexed to General Jones' department? He will disengage all cavalry possible.

W. P. JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[30.]

CHATTANOOGA, September 6, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Rosecrans' army has certainly crossed Tennessee River. Reported now as moving toward Rome. We shall move on him promptly. Burnside's force reported 25,000. His position not definitely known now, as our communications are closed beyond Loudon. We are obliged to make great sacrifices and abandon territory; in striking at one we must open the country to the other. Atlanta should be strengthened as far as possible.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[30.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 7, 1863.

Colonel W. P. JOHNSTON,

Bristol, Tenn.:

Dispatch received. General Jones has been assigned to command, and advised to press forward as far as practicable. I hope he will drive off the enemy, probably mainly composed of tories, and cover the country at least as far west as will serve to retain possession of Cumberland Gap.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[30.]
HEADQUARTERS,Morton, Miss., September 7, 1863.

Major-General MAURY,

Commanding, Mobile:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Hardee to inform you that, in response to a call of General Bragg, he has sent two brigades of infantry to Atlanta, Ga. There is left in this department three brigades of infantry, two of which (Featherston's, at Meridian, and Adams', at Enterprise, Miss.) are subject to and directed to obey yur order to re-enforce the garrison at Mobile. General Hardee leaves to-day for Vernon to inspect cavalry. On his return he will visit Mobile.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

Very respectfully,

T. B. LAMAR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]

