HEADQUARTERS,Near Crystal Springs, September 7, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have information from a reliable citizen just out from Natchez that the enemy are preparing for a simultaneous raid from Natchez and Vicksburg. Some allowance should be made for information coming through a citizen, yet it should at least put us on the watch. My scouts in the vicinity of Natchez report the enemy impressing all the horses in that region. I think such a movement quite probable. These raids would lokely attempt to form a junction at Hazlehurst or Brookhaven. you see my position. Ic an manage any force that may be sent from Natchez if I am protected from a force coming in my rear from the direction of Vicksburg. Would it not be advisable to concentrate a sufficient force of cavalry at some point near this place to prevent these raids from forming a junction and capture them should they come out? Any additional information I may receive will be fowarded to you at once. I larned yesterday that the enemy is rebuilding the bridge across Pass Manchac, on New Orleans and Jackson Railroad, and will probably occupy Ponchatoula very soon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[30.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 8, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Orange Court-House, Va.:

General Bragg telegraphs from Chattanooga, September 7, that reports represent Burnside at Knoxville; his advanced infantry at Loudon and Kingston; his force 20,000 infantry and 5,000 cavalry; says it is impossible to detach sufficient force to cope with hin, and may he not be threatened from Southwest Virginia. Reports Rosecrans beyond the mountains on this side of the Tennessee River, moving with great caution and threatening our communications. Local defense men turning out in Georgia in large numbers--even to exceed expectation, which was 8,000.*

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[30.]

ABINGDON, September 8, 1863.

President DAVIS:

Enemy numbering 400 has retired. Our infantry at Jonesborough. Giltner beyond. Much active disloaylty beyond Jonesborough. Wharton will arrive Thursday. I leave to-night.

W. P. JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[30.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 9, 1863.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Your letter of the 29th received. I supposed the Secretary of War had communicated to you that appointment of general officers by the Confederate Government would extend only to organizations of those

---------------

*For reply, see Lee to Davis (first), VOL. XXIX, Part II, p. 706.

---------------

