
sent into our lines by way of City Point and Richmond, Va., ordered into and attached permanently to the Missouri regiments and batteries of this division, now east of the Mississippi River. There are six infantry regiments and two cavalry regiments and five batteries in this division. The six infantry regiments and three batteries compose the First Brigade, Missouri Volunteers, to command which I am assigned, by order of the Secretary of War, in my appointment as brigadier-general. This First Brigade lost in the series of battles preceding and during the siege of Vicksburg in killed, wounded, and msising, 1,389 men--about one-half of its strength. These regiments and batteries are gratly reduced. The First and Fourth Infantry Regiments were consolidated last fall by mutual consent of the officers, the ten companies of each regiment being consolidated into five companies, making one consolidated regiment of ten companies. The First Regiment of Missouri Cavalry and Third Battalion of Missouri Cavalry, both now dismounted and having served asinfantry since April, 1862, and two batteries, now compose the Second Brigade, lately commanded by Brigadier General M. E. Green, who was killed at Vicksburg, the Arkansas troops of this brigade, five or six regiments in number, having crossed the Mississippi River after the capitulation of Vicksburg. This brigade is now commanded by Colonel Elijah Gates, of the First Missouri Cavalry, and is likewise greatly reduced. Both brigades were captured at Vicksburg and are now in paroled camp at Demopolis, Ala. If this division of Missouri troosp is to be kept in the service east of the Mississippi River there are many cogent reasons and argumenst in favor of my application. There is now no possible chance to get recruits from the west side of the river. The Missourians belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department who have been captured and passed into our lines by the Federals, and are now at Camp Lee, Va., and Demopolis, Ala., and other points, cannot now cross the Mississippi River in any organization, and if thye go at all must go in small squads or separately, and in whatever way they may go running risks of being captured, and if effort is made to retain them east of the Mississippi River in any temporary organizations and not conneected with groops from their own State, they will naturally become disaffected, considering such only temporary, and will scatter and attempt to cross west of the river.

The regiments and batteries of this division are so greatly reduced and so much decimated that a few more engagements will almost annihilate them and at least compel many consolidations; and consolidations of old organizations are manifestly injurious to the best interests of the service; and if such organizaitons can be possibly filled and kept distinct by recruits or troops from even new organizations; for soldiers connected with old organizations, which have passed through the ordeal of so many well embattled fields, are inspired with a morale and a love of glory and regimental honor which will naturally nerve their hearts and strengthen their arms and lead them to deeds of daring and even desperation amid any danger. The Trans-Mississippi Missourians, if ordered into our commands, will probably be of more real value to our cause than they would be elsewhere, and if permanently attached to our organizations under our officers and mustered and paid with our troops they will become better satisfied than they otherwise would be, and will very soon become thoroughly indentified with the organizations to which they are attached. The First and Fourth Regiments of Missouri Infantry will probably be separated by the desire and agreement of the officers, and if there are any companies at Camp Lee or elsewhere belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department, and already organized

