
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION, Numbers 33. Atlanta, Ga., September 14, 1863.

I. The major-general commanding has received official information of the exchange of the officers and men of his division. Relying upon the patriotism and courage of his officers and men, he assured the Govenment that immediately upon their exchange they would come forward with the utmost alacrity and soon be ready to take the field. Acting upn this belief, he has made every pereparation for their speedy and compelte equipment. Arms and clothing will be ready for them upn their arrival in camp, and there will be nothing to prevent them from soon joining their companions in arms and participating in the great struggle that is to preserve their native States from ruin and devastation. It now rests with them--soldiers of Georgia, of Alabama, and of Tennessee--to show whether they will respond promptly to the summons to duty and once more rally to the support of our cause, or be forced into the ranks that they should glory in filling. Let it never be said that men who cheerfully endured what they did in a far distant theater of operations, men who acted a heroic part in the siege that has rendered the heights of Vicksburg historic, will be recreant now, when they are called to gather in the defense of their kindred and their firesides.

II. The brigades of Brigadier-General Barton and Colonel A. w. Reynolds will rendezvous without delay at Decatur, Ga.; that of Brigadier-General Cumming at Stone Mountain, Ga., and the Alabama brigade at the places already designated for its different regiments preparatory to moving tothis place. The artillery companies will be conducted to the places designated as the rendezvous for their respective brigades.

III. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to the points named on requisition by the commanding officers of regiments and detached companies.

By command of Major-General Stevenson:

JOHN J. REEVE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]

ZOLLICOFFER, September 21, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

The enemy after being repulsed yesterday retreated toward Kingsport. This morning they [are] reported to have turned off to the left, and retreating hastily and in some confusion toward Jonesborough. I am endeavoring to make my cavalry push them, b ut not much can be expected of such cavalry as I found here. I believe we punished them yesterday more than I at first supposed, and they seem even more frightened than hurt. One of my chief objects in holding this corner of Tennessee is to keep off a portion of Burnside's forces from General Bragg. reliable information from General Bragg's army would aid me much. I fyou have an available major-general who si willing to serve under me temporarily, I would be much gratified if you would order him to report to me without delay. I am really in great need of such an officer, and besides, my observtion yesterday convinced me that grat injury may result if by any casualty the command out here devolves on Brigadier-General Williams, and he is second in rank. Matters in that respect would not, I think, be improved by returning Brigadier-General Echols to duty in this department. I deem it my

