HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Canton, September 24, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Canton, Miss.:

GENERAL: Your telegram* of yesterday evening does not indicate that you desire to see me particularly at Clinton, and under the circumstances I deem it best to leave for Chalmers' command to-morrow or next day, as I have some arrangements I consider important to make. I wish to know if you consider it best to have the railroad from Jackson toward Big Black destroyed? If so, the dismounted men of Jackson's division could destroy it. The information from Vicksburg would indicate that the enemy are preparing to rebuild the Big Black bridge, and by destroying the road it will, in a measure, delay tehri progres, shoudl they intend to advance across Mississippi. I would be pleased to receive definite instructions relativ e to the illegal trade now engaged in North Mississippi. Many of our best men are engaged in it as the only means of supplying themselves with salt and other necessaries. I am preventing it as far as practicable. Is any discrimination allowable?

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[30.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 25, 1863.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor:

I have received your telegram of yesterday recommending the promotion of Brigadier General N. B. Forrest. His services have heretofore attracted my favorable notice, and your dispatch was referred to the War Office for attention. You are aware that other questions than that of individual merit enter into the selections for appointment of generals, such as the organizations of the army and the number of brigades, divisions, and corps which limit the number of generals. A comparison of recommendations, when a vacancy exists, must be instituted, and one some time be appointed when several are deemed worthy.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[30.]

LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN, TENN., September 25, 1863.

No change apparent in the enemy's camp this a. m. About 700 wagons and as many tents on the opposite side of the river.

DUVALL,

Lieutenant.

[30.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 229. Richmond, Va., September 26, 1863.

* * * * * *

XVI. Major Gustavus A. Henry, Jr., assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to General B. Bragg, commanding, for assignment to duty with Major General A. P. Stewart.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]

---------------

*See VOL. XXX, Part IV, p. 696.

---------------

34 R R--VOL LII, PT II

