
the expectation seems to be that Mobile will not be attacked until after the fall of Charleston. A Federal launch was sounding off Portersville, the probable landing-place of expeditions against Mobile, day before yesterday. My supplies of ammunition are still incomplete, and come in very slowly. Tne thousand effectives will be needed to defend this city; 15,000 or 20,000 will be required to stand successfully a long siege. I very much desire to have here the heavy artillerists who were at Vicksburg and Port Hudson, as none of mine have ever been under fire. I also desire the Missouri brigade, whom I have commanded, and with whom I have served in several battles, should be designated to re-enforce me when the necessity for re-enforcements arrives. I regret to report to the Departemnt the death of Colonel William Llewellyn Powell, which occurred here day before yesterday. I feel his loss is irreparable. A more efficient officer, a more courteous and nupright gentlemen it has never been my fortuen to serve with. please report to the Surgeon-General [that] Angamar, with whom he made a contract for medical supplies, was captured by my picket near Pascagoula while endeavoring to go to the enemy.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[26.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 28, 1863.

General S. JONES,

Zollicoffer, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. I have nothing from General Bragg since last communication to you. He was directed to keep you informed, and may have sent his dispatch direct. You must exercise your discretion, and be governed by circumstances of which I can be but imperfectly informed. If the enemy have adisposable force at Cumberland Gap, it imposes upon you caution in advancing to the west of that point. General Ransom will have much to learn of the country and of the troops before his capacity for command will be fully applicable. Under these circusmtances your continued presence will certainly be desirable. Your personal direction of affairs to the north of Dublin will be more or less requisite acording to the capacity of the officer commanding there. of all things you can judge better than myself, and I leave the decision with you. If the strength of your force would be increased by mounting a larger portion of the command, you shoudl not hesitayte to impress horese, especially of tories, for that purpose. As soon as you can spare Corse's brigade it would be well to return it, as there is necessity for re-enforcements, but do not let this consideration control your movements.*

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[30.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 28, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Near Chattanooga, Tenn.:

General J. E. Johnston telegraphs September 27 that 16,000 troops under Osterhaus have gone up the river from Vicksburg within eight

---------------

*This in reply to Jones, VOL. XXX, Part IV, p. 709.

---------------

