
In addition to these regiments General Jackson has at Resaca Colonel Dabney's regiment of mounted infantry, estimated at 500. I have also two battalions of cavalry at points above and in the neighborhood of Marietta, viz: Major Phillips, 193; Major Price, estimated at 200. There remains at this place the battalion raised for the defense of Atlanta, composed of five companies, artisans and workmen in the shops, &amp;c., whom I have not put in camp but require to report to Colonel wright, commanding most, to be employed by him in such service as will not interfere materially with their ordinary duties. There are also two detached companies of infantry on duty here, who declined to go forward as their limits stopped at Atlanta. I shall have two regiments of cavalry, numbering together about 1,000 men, who can be sent forward by Thursday next from this point. The foregoing contains a statement of the organized force of State troops. There will doubtless be soon others, but I do nto think that the commanding general can calculate upn any considerable increase of it at present. you are aware that, under the law, the companies were authorized to fix the territorial limits in which they were to serve. The late call of the Governor included only those whose limits included Atlanta and the country above this point and such others as were willing to volunteer regardless of limits. Hence the number in the field falls below the estimate which has generally been made. Indeed a large number of the present force had limits which stopped at Atlanta, but I have been able by personal appeal to induce all of them--with the exception already stated--to waive their territorial limits and agree to go wherever their State was attacked or threatened, and have been thus enabled to respond to the call of General Bragg to put a force at Rome, Ga. I have been greatly embarrassed by the miserable law of Congress authorizing territorial limits less than the State, and it is to be hoped that the early action of Congress will relieve the difficulty in the future. It is true that these troops cannot be required to go beyond their State. It is an army of exempts, composed in a great measure of old men and others who ought to be kept from their homes as short a time as possible. Still I cannot permit myself to doubt that they will respond to any call which the emergency may require the commanding general to make upon them. I feel quite sure that they will not hesitate to pass their State lines whenever General Bragg shall say to them that the necessities of the service demand it. As a matter of course it would be better to let them remain within or as near the limits of the State as is consistent with the public interests. I have given the number and locat on of these troops as accurately as the imperfect reports made to me will permit, that the general may have all the facts before him in making such disposition of the forces as he may deem most advisable. I will only add that his directions in that regard will be promptly carried out. I send this communication by special messenger because of the delay in going through the mail, as shown by the receipt of your letter.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, yours, &c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding State Troops.

P. S.--The numbers given above are aggregate present, not including absentees.

H. C.

[30.]

