
letter or in oral communication, if you wish to have such, I can be instrumental in producing such consummation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[30.]

LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN, October 7, 1863.

Captain MANNING:

The enemy are strengthening their central works beyond the star frot, erecting platforms for heavy guns. The pontoon is completed and in use.

DUVALL,

Lieutenant.

[30.]

LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN, October 8, 1863.

Captain MANNING:

The enemy continues large working parties in the locality mentioned yesterday. A large waong train is crossing into town by the new bridge. Several hundred horses are grazing on the river-bank near their outer line. The river is falling rapidly.

DUVALL,

Lieutenant.

[30.]

MOBILE, October 8, 1863.

Colonel G. W. C. LEE,

Aide-de-Camp to President Davis, Atlanta, Ga.:

Colonel Higgins has been declared exchanged. I request that he be promoted to brigadier-general and ordered to report to me at once to command defenses of this bay and harbor, viz, three forts and four batteries, mounting 125 guns and garrisoned by twenty-seven companies.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[26.]
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,October 9, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD DILLON,

Commanding Cavalry:

I am in receipt of your communication of the 7th instant. General Longstreet thinks that you may be able to capture the party in the stockade by dismounting a couple of your regiments and making a rush behind it at night. It is possible that it might fall into your hands by such a movement. If you should not, however, make the attempt, the general would like you to make a thorough reconnaissance to ascertain the enemy's force at Bridgeport and the island, and to learn the extent of the degfenses he may have at these points. The reconnaissance should be conducted in the most careful manner, neither the party making it nor even the commanding officer exposing himself to the observation of the enemy. Your pickets also should not be in view. Have them so posted as to have the enemy always in sight

