SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 268. Missionary Ridge, October 17, 1863.

I. The following changes in the organization of the army are announced:

1. Major-General Buckner's division is assigned to Polk's corps. Brigadier-General Preston will be assigned to one of the brigades in Buckner's division. Major-General Walker's division will remain in Longstreet's corps.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[30.]

CHICKAMAUGA, October 20, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Meridian, Miss.:

A portion of General Buckner's troops, including Preston's brigade, remain in Southwest Virginia. He claims to command them. It would conduce to harmony and success here for both of them to go there and report with these troops to General Jones.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[31.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 16. Livingston, Miss., October 20, 1863.

Now, as the last of the discomfited and retreating foe are crossing their weary columsn over the Big Black, the brigadier-general commanding takes this opprotunity to thank the brave officers and men of his division for the firmness and dauntless courage in so persistently and obstinately resisting the advance of this great expedition, which outnumbered them give to one and had for its reported object the establishing of new lines on Pearl River. Soldiers, you have accomplished much. You have harassed and annoyed the enemy upon his flanks and in rear and met him so boldly in his front that he only advanced ten miles in three days. In your various engagements you have dealt him stunnign blows, disputing every inch of soil, and delayed him by compelling him at each stand you made to advance his whole force in line. And finally, you have checked him in his desolating march, and, turning upon his flying troops, forced him to seek shelter within his lines at Vicksburg. In accomplishing this your loss has been severe, and some of your bravest and best comrades have fallen. We will drop tears of sorrow over their honored graves! Let the remembrance of their exploits and virtues nerve us for coming conflicts! By your valor you have proven your constancy and devotion to our cause and the interests of our common country. For your deeds you deserve the confidence of your commanders and thanks of your countrymen, as you already have the unbounded admiration of your commanding general. He has no higher aim and asks no greater honor than to command such men.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

