
LOOKOUT MOUNTAIN, October 22, 1863.

Colonel SORREL:

A heavy force of the enemy moved toward the tan-yard this morning. General Jenkins was informed of it. He sent out troops to the trenches, and the enemy fired a few shells at them from Moccasin battery. The enemy have since returned to their camps.

SPENCER.

[31.]

MERIDIAN, MISS., October 23, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Near Chattanooga, Tenn.:

General Polk is relieved from duty with your command. General Hardee will join you with such expedition as your circumstances require. If needed for immediate service, two brigades of his command here will accompany him. Telegraph to me at Mobile and to General Hardee at Demopolis.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,October 23, 1863.

Major General H. W. T. WALKER,

Commanding Division:

I have the honor to notify you that General Buckner has been ordered to suspend the movement indicated this morning until the weather clears up. General Jenkins will relieve and send to you the brigade of your division near him. The commanding general desires that you will hold yourself in readinesss at all times to move over to the support of General Jenkins in case of a determined attack on our left. It is probable that in case of an attack on the part of the enemy that point will be most vigorously assailed, and it si the desire of the lieutenant-general commanding that you shoud move there whenever called upon for support by General Jenkins. The lieutenant-general would, of course, be their eto direct the movements of the troops. These notifications are given that there may be no delay in the arrival of the support when wanted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,October 23, 1863.

Brigadier General M. JENKINS,

Commanding Division:

As I notified you this morning, it will be necessary for you to part with the brigade of Walker's division now near you. General Walker has been directed to respond to any call you may make on him for support in the event of your being vigorously assailed. In such an event please send him word direct of your wants; and he has been notified that the commanding general will expect him to move over at once to your support. The lieutenant-general commanding in such an

