
to the very great importance of an immediate supply of artillery for the defense of the Mississippi River at this place and at Randolph, above here. The citizens here will contribute any amount of money to buy cannon, but none can be obtained for money at any point accessible to Memphis. It is, therefore, believed by them that you would not hesitate to order guns of proper caliber to be sent here from any part of the Confederacy where they are not now immediately needed. There were, a few weeks ago, guns and cannon at Jackson and Vicksburg, which, I suppose, might be more effectively used for our own protection here than at those points. Let me further take the liberty of suggesting the name of Dr. W. C. Bryan, of this place, as a gentleman in every way qualified to take charge of any artillery that may be sent here. Tennessee is in a blaze, and to all appearances unanimous for resistance. My only apology for this intrusion is the zeal that burns in my heart for the success of our cause.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. DAVIS,

Of Ripley, Miss.

[4.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 18, 1861.

Captain THOMAS H. TAYLOR,

Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: A requisition has this day been made on the Secretary of War for the sum of $2,000 in your favor at Nashville, Tenn., on account of the requiting service. I send herewith for your information a copy of a letter from Lieutenant R. C. Hill, of artillery, from which you will perceive that he has caused a rendezvous to be opened at Memphis, with a good prospect of success, and which may supersede the necessity of your making arrangements at that point. If, however, you should proceed to Memphis, and should determine to extend operations there, it is advisable that you should adopt the same precautions as are intimated in Lieutenant Hill's letter, and as far as possible use the same means. You will keep this office advised of your progress and make your requisitions for funds from time to time, as may be rendered necessary, always keeping me informed of your movements in advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 19, 1861.

Colonel W. J. HARDEE,

Fort Morgan, Ala.:

In my letter of the 17th instant it was not intended to instruct you to co-operate with any one in the construction of defenses for Mobile, but simply to call your attention to the suggestions in General Clemens' letter. Whatever is determined upon must be decided by yourself for this Government, leaving you free to consider any suggestions submitted to you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

