
though still suffering. We could nto come up with Meade. We had to take circuitous and by roads, while he had broad and parallel routes on either side of the railroad. We struck his rear guard three times. The last at Bristoe, when Hill, with his advance of two brigades, fell too precipitately on one of his corps and suffered a repulse and loss. He was finally driven beyond Bull Run. I saw that he could easily get behind his intrenchments in front of Alexandria. Our men were dreadfully off for shoes, blankets, and clothes. One division alone had over 1,000 barefooted men. We had failed to take any, and I fear had failed to manage as well as we might. The country was a perfect waste. A northeast storm broke upon us. There was neither shelter or food for man or beast. I saw no real good I could accomplish by remaining. the enemy had destroyed the bridghannock adn blown up one of the piers. The freshet after we left the Rapidan carried away the railroad bridge over that river. I therefore withdfrew to the Rappahannock, destroying the railroad from Cub Run (this side Manassas Junction) to the Rappahannock River. We inflicted some pnishment upn the enemy and cpatured upwards of 2,400 prisoners. But I missed you dreadfully andyoru brave corps. Your cheerful face and strong arm would have ben invaluable. I hope you will soon return to me. Meade has five corps which have been much recruited by conscripts, and, it is said, has orders to attack us. he is now moving upon Warrenton, and is said to be repairing the railroad. We are resting on the Rappahannock for the skae of the grazing for our animals, who muchr equire it. You have never seen such a waster as the country this side of Bull Run presents. Similar destruction was being waged in Culpeper, and houses and property were maliciously and wantonly burned and destroyed. You must present my kindest regards to all your officers, in which those around me join. I trust wem ay soon be together again. May God preserve you and all with you.

Very truly, yours,

R. E. LEE.

[29 and 31.]
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,October 27, 1863--9.20 p. m.

Major General H. W. T. WALKER,

Commanding Division:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move your division across Chattanooga Creek and take position in the vicinity of General Jenkins' line by daylight to-morrow morning. This movement is in anticipation of any withdrawal of Jenkins' troops that may become necessary in the morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,October 27, 1863--8.45 p. m.

Brigadier General M. JENKINS,

Commanding Division:

I am in receipt of dispatch by signal that you have sent up. The commanding general thinks the presence of troops at the point for

