
surely will not be contended by any educated soldier that an officer under such circumstances could at his pleasure detach a portion of the troops to return to the post; still less cold it be so argued if, as in the present case, all of the post not in the possession of the enemy had been subsequently placed under the orders of another and a superior officer. I assuming to give orders to send officers to the Department of East Tennessee and Southwest Virginia, General Buckner violated the rights both of General Jones and of myself. The mistake made by him, though it excites my surprise, must, I believe, have resulted from inadvertence or misapprehension, and, as I hope it will produce no serious evil, so I trust it will not be repeated. If my engagements will permit it, I will write to General Buckner, but for fear I should not, I will request thatyou will show him this communication. In this hour of our country's greatest need, when so much depends upon the harmonious co-operation of all its agents, I feel that I may confidently ask of those who have so often illustrated their patriotism by gallant deeds upon the field that they will not allow personal antipathies or personal ambition to impar their usefulness to the public service.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]

ATLANTA, GA., October 29, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,

Near Chatanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 23rd and telegram of the 25th instant have been received. It is much to be regretted that the rains have interfered with your projected operations upon your leftflank. It is reported here that the enemy are crossing at Bridgeport. If so, it may give you the opportunity to beat the detachment moving up to re-enforce Rosecrans, as was contemplated. Could you hae crossed the Tennessee Rver and have suddenly attacked and completely vanquished the enemy, the bridge they had provided for themselves might serve you in amovement against their depot of supplies at Bridgeport. The indications lead to the opinion that the enemy will attempt to move against your left flank, and, if so, it is plain that it will be to your advantage to attack him when too remote to be supported by the forces at Chattanooga. I infer from your letterthat the army of Rosecrans remains at Chattanooga, otherwise I would have supposed by the operations at Bridgeport that the enemy designed to change his base of operations from Chattanooga to Bridgeport. Your position will, I suppose, render it impossible for him towithdraw the main body of his forces from Chattanooga without your knowledge, and as you have a shorter and better road then that which he must follow in any movement toward Bridgeport, that you will be able to anticipate him, and strike with the advantage of fighting him in detail. I am much gratified with the success which has attended your movements against the enemy in East Tennessee, and hope you may be able to recover that country and establish your communications with Virginia. In this connection it has occurred to me that if the operations on your left should be delayed, or not be of prime importance, that you might advantageously assign General Longstreet with his two divisions to that task of expelling Burnside, and thus place him in position, according to circumstances, to hasten or delay his return to the army of General Lee. In that quarter General Lee, with a very inferior force, has by great activity and boldness gained some recent successes over

