
the enemy; but Meade's great and increasing numbers renders it very desirable that General Lee's troops should be returned to him at the earliest practicable day.

General Hardee will bring you two good brigades, and I think

you could probabl increase your strength by some exchanges with General Maury. He has two large and veteran regiments at Mobile who might be replaced by two skeleton regiments, and the latter could then perhaps be filled up. It is also possbile that for a very temporary purpose General Johnston could make further detachments in your favor. The period most favorable for active operations is rapidly passing away, and the consideration for supplies presses upon you the necessity to recover as much as you can of the country before you. I have no recent information from General Jones, but my recollection of his condition does not permit me to hope that the will be able to effect much in East Tennessee, except by co-operation, with the column sent there from your army; and General Lee cannot, I amsure, and materially to the force now serving under General Jones. I hope General Hardee will be able to aid you effectively in checking such discontents as those indicated in your inclosure and the irregularities referred to in your telegram. He asked me what corps he was to command. Without intending to interfere with your decision of that question, I infomred him that I supposed he would take the corps of General Polk, whom he relieved, and that for various reasons I thought it better he should do so. I will promote Major-General Hood to be a lieutenant-general, and my confidence in the patriotism and manliness of General Breckinridge assures me that as commander of the corps, during the absence of General Hood, he will give the general commanding in chief the support which is his due, and in a manner most condicive to the publicinterest. I have not received the reply which was desired before selecting a commander for General Hood's late division. As General Preston has been sent to Southwest Virginia, from which I thought it unfortunate to remove him, it seems to me better that he should there remain. The removal of officers of high rank, or important changes in organizations, usually work evil, if done in the presence of the enemy. My recollections of my military life do not enable me to regard as necessary that there should be kind personsl relations between officers to secure their effective co-operation in all which is official, and the present surely much more than any circumstances within my experience should lift men above all personal considerations and devote them wholly to their country's cause. With the hope which I prayerfully trust may be realized, I prefer to postopone the consideration of any further removal of general officers from their commands and relying upon the self-sacrificing spirit which you have so often exhibited, must leave you to combat the difficulties arising from the disaoppointment or the discontent of officers by such gentle means as may turn them aside.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]

MISSIONARY RIDGE, October 29, 1863.

(Via Chickamauga, 30th.)

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, Atlanta, Ga.:

A part of Longstreet's command engaged a largely superior force of the enemy last night, advancing from Bridgeport, and was driven back with some loss. No general action probable now. Stevenson had driven

