
Burnside back to Knoxville and is following. If it be possible, Id desire to see you here again. If impossible, send Colonel Chesut, or General Lee.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[31.]

MISSIONARY RIDGE, October 30, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Savannah, Ga.:

On the night of 26th the enemy crossed a force to this side of river below Lookout Mountain and drove Lonsgtreet's outpost back. As soon as informed, I directed him to retake the position. Failing to do so during the day of 27th, I renewed the order at night, placing his two and Walker's division at his disposal, and directed the troops to move before daylight. The attack was not made up to 10 a. m., when Longstreet joined me on Lookout Mountain, where I went to witness. I learned no disposition were made for it. [At] 12 m. a column of the enemy, probably two brigades, appeared on the road from Bridgeport and formed a junction with the forces which had crossed. The cavalry on the left under Longstreet had given no notice of this move. That night (the 28th) Longstreet asked for another division as a support to his attacking column. It was given. He informed me he should attack with one brigade. I ordered him not to do so with less than a division. He moved a division to the vicinity, but attacked with one brigade, surprised the enemy and routed him, but he rallied on finding the small attacking force, drove it back with heavy loss, and secured his position. We have thus lost our important position on the left, and the enemy holds the railroad within six miles of Chattanooga, and from there, by dirt road and pontoon bridge, to the rear of his position. He has brought forward heavy re-enforcements by route.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,October30, 1863.

Brigadier General M. JENKINS,

Commanding Division:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note of this morning to the commanding general, and am directed to reply that it will be better for your to closely examine the ground before any change is made in the present positions of your own and Benning's brigades. A continuous line around the foot of the mountain is not necessary. With the main points properly guarded such a line would be, for all practical purposes, useless. Anderson's brigade, also, ought to be quite strong enough to hold its position without re-enforcements. The commanding general desires you to put parties to-day at work in bridging or mending the sloughs on the other side of the creek on the roads leading to fords. It is important that this matter should be attended to at once. The trees lying across the roads should also be removed. The sloughs should be bridged where the roads cross the streams, so as not to diverge from the beaten road.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

