
LOUISVILLE, KY., Friday Afternoon, April 19, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I arrived here last night, and have to-day seen Colonel Duncan. I can get no assistance from him. He expects to send about 1,500 men to the Governor of Louisiana next week. They go there without any arms. This State has about 10,000 flint-lock muskets; no cannon, but expect to commence casting some soon. I learn through Duncan from a New York dealer in fire-arms that the Northern States are nearly as bad off as the Southern about improved arms. They have but very few of the latest improvement. The Indiana volunteers of the Lincoln Government have just been supplied with the old flint-locks. Governor Magoffin is here endeavoring to raise money to purchase ordnance and small-arms for the State. I understand that he has made an arrangement with some of the banks to get the money. It is his intention, he tells me, to plant batteries along the Ohio River at suitable points. General P. has gone to Fort Smith. I leave in an hour for Saint Louis.

Respectfully,

John C. BURCH.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 19, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee, &amp;c.:

SIR: War existing between this Government and that at Washington, forced by the perfidious conduct of the last, preparations are being made on both sides for the most active hostilities. Under these circumstances it is not improbable that forces will be sent from the North along the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers to burn our cities and devastate our country. It becomes, therefore, the imperative duty of this Government to guard against these possible results by every means in their power. The defenses of the Mississippi require the erection of at least four additional batteries at eligible points along the banks of that river. It is proposed to construct one of these batteries at Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, and I trust your Excellency will grant permission for the work to be done. I have the less hesitation in making this application to you, because I feel assured Tennessee will be identified with the States of this Confederacy, and that the danger which threatens is common to her as well as to ourselves. It cannot be that the States of this Confederacy can be assailed in their political and material rights and interests without Tennessee being sensibly affected. I trust, therefore, that through due regard to the exigencies and necessities of the times, the comity existing between Tennessee and the States of the Confederate Government, as well as their joint welfare and future relations, Your Excellency will promptly accord to me the privilege of erecting, arming, and manning the battery to which I have referred at Memphis. Events are hastening to a bloody issue, and to be lost in our movements in the line of safety and security.

I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration and respect,, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[4.]

