HEADQUARTERS, November 30, 1863.

Colonel H. L. GILTNER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Longstreet directs me to say that General Martin will probably move away with his cavalry for a time from us, and that you will have to supply with your command the vedettes and pickets along the line now occupied by the cavalry, from the left of the infantry. Please, therefore, be prepared to supply them on the movement of General Martin.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,Near Knoxville, December 1, 1863-2 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Commanding, &c., Loudon:

The lieutenant-general commanding wishes you to move your command to this side of the river at Loudon and occupy the works there. You will please also move over all property or supplies that you may require for youself or that we may be able to get here within a day or two. You should endeavor, however, to send to us all descrkptions of property or supplies that may be useful to us, and for which there may be adequate transportation. The rolling-stock on the railroad you will have at once collected at Loudon, and preparations made to destroy it when necessary. You will make the same preparations with regard to the bridges over the river, and indeed with regard to all property that you should be compelled to leave behind. On your pickets being driven out of the twon or on the approach of any force of the enemy sufficient to overcome you, your must destroy the rolling-stock, bridges, and other property thoroughly. The bridge must be entirely and completely destroyed to prevent the enemy availing himself of it to your and our disadvatage. You must keep good pickets in the twon and scouting parties in advance of it, to give you information of the movements of the enemy on which you may act. You are to destroy nothing until compelled to do so by the undoubted approach of the enemy in sufficient force to overcome you, and then the work of destruction, extending to those things that can not possibly be removed, must be prompt and thorough. Please notify me when you shall have executed these instructions. If a few car-truck wheels could be got on this side the river, they could have temporary platforms, or flats, or bodies placed on them and used to advantage in bringing property and supplies to us by the railroad.

I am, general, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

ABINGDON, VA., December 2, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: In compliance with your orders, I started on the evening train on Monday, 30th ultimo, and came through to this point

