
without detention. I learned at Dublin Depot that General Jones had gone forward to the Narrows, in consequence of some reports of movements of the enemy in the neighborhood of Lewisburg. I also learned that Major-General Ransom was at or near Rogersville, Tenn., some sixty miles from this point and about fifty-odd miles from Bristol. As I was not assured of means of transportation from that point, and General Preston had kindly offered me supeior facilities for reaching Rogersville and for the preparation of my dispatches, I stopped at Abingdon, which I reached late last night. The greater part of to-day has been occupied in the preparation of duplicate letters of General Longstreet (herewith inclosed), putting them in cipher, and dispatching them. One copy I have sent through General Ransom, the other I have instrusted to Hugh Booth, wagon-master to Major Crutchfield, assistant quartermaster, who says that he will get it through to General Longstreet if it can be done. He represents him as being all that could be desired in a messenger of this description. He seemed animated by the promise that he shoulder be honorably mentioned to you in case of success. He left at 2 o'clock to-day. The cipher used begins with "Ten," the last cipher just disused. I thought it better than to risk sending it in one which he might not have received, especially as I understood General Ransom still uses it. Perhaps it would be better to have consulted with General Ransom first, but when I considered the possibility of not finding General Ransom at his headquarters and the delay that must occur if I postponed apprising General Longstreet while I waited to find General Ransom, I thought it best to puruse the plan adopted, and if necessary after an interview with General Ransom, to modify those instructions. I would start immediately for General Ransom's headquarters, but am suffering from a sick headache, the result of a cold aggravated by traveling on the cars. The weather though cold is clear, and I hope that by starting to-morrow morning I may reach him almost as soon as if I were to go to-night. An unpleasant rumor prevails here, but is not traceable to any responsible source, that the Eighth Virginia Cavalry (800 strong) and Dunn's battalion have been captured near Knoxville. I trust that it may prove untrue. I shall return from General Ransom's headquarters as soon as I have conferred with him fully as to affairs here.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

ABINGDON, VA., December 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have come to this point under orders from the President to open communication with you. General Bragg's army was driven from Lookout Mountain on November 24 with great loss. If the accounts which reach us are true his defeat is one of the most disastrous of the war. His army was on Sunday at Dalton, Ga., and the enemy occupied Tunnel Hill. From the information possessed by the President, he is led to suppose that communication is cut off between General Bragg and youself, and that it would be difficult if not impossible to effect a junction with him unless you have means unknown to the President. It is also more than probable that the enemy will move upon you with the design of relieving Burnside and crushing you, so that unless you have before this taken Knoxville, or can do so at once,

