
your position there will be extremely perilous. In view of this condition of affairs, unless you have information of which the President is not possessed, rendering another movement preferable, retire from East Tennessee in the direction of Southwestern Virginia. I have not yet seen General Ransom, in command of this district of Major-General Jones' department, but go to-day to Rogersville, about sixty miles southwest of here, where he is said to be. I send one copy of this through him and another by other means. I learn that General Ransom hs two brigades of about 3,000 infantry and about 3,000 cavalry. He will be directed to support you in the event of your falling back in this direction. When I shall have seen General Ransom, and fully learned the condition of affairs in his district, if I learn anything sufficiently important to warrant a change in your movements, it will be communicated to you. You will please send me a communication by the returning courier, and repeat it afterward by another courier, and different route, informing me of your plans, your route, and the line of your movement, so as to secure the requisite movements of Major-General Ransom's forces for your assistance and to co-operate for your support. This, it is desired, should be so clear as to secure a perfect understanding and unity of design. Address me at this point and send some intelligence to Major-General Ransom direct. The foregoing instructions and suggestions are communicated to you by order of the President.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ABINGDON, VA., December 2, 1863-3.30 p. m.

Major General R. RANSOM,

Rogersville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Under orders from the President, I am herey on my way to see you. I inclose to you a letter for General Longstreet, which you will please read and have forwarded to him in the safest and speediest manner possible. You will also please add any communication touching your own movements which you may think proper. I will leae here to-morrow morning, via Bristol, to see you, but not being well, and being delayed in the preparation of dispatches, I send this by special courier in advance of me. I inclose you also copy of newspaper giving some particulars of Bragg's defeat.

Very truly and respectfully,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Dalton, Ga., December 2, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: From present appearances it is evident the enemy intend no immediate movement on this line; indeed, he is not in condition to move and cannot assil us here for some weeks. What, then, shall be our policy? I have so often indicated my views that it may seem superluous, if under present circumstances not improper, to

