
again obtrude them on you; but I trust to your appreciation of my zeal and sincerity in the cause to excuse any seeming indelicacy. The enemy has concentrated all his available means in front of this army, and by sheer force of numbers has triumphed over our gallant little band. No one estimates the disaster more seriously than I do, and the whole responsibility and disgrace rest on my humble head. But we can redeem the past. Let us concentrate all our available men, unite them with this gallant little army, still full of zeal and burning to redeem its lost character and prestige, and with our greatest and best leader at the head, youself, if practicable, march the whole upon the enemy and crush him in his power and his glory. I believe it practicable, and trust that I may be allowed to participate in the strunggle which may restore to us the character, the prestige, and the country we have just lost. This will give us confidence and restore hope to the country and the army, whilst it will do what is more important, give us subsistence, without which I do not see how we are to remain united.

I am, most respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[31.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 2, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,

Dalton, Ga.:

Who is the corps commander you referred to? Has action been taken by General Hardee to meet the evil?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]

BELOW ROGERSVILLE, December 2, 1863.

(Via Bristol.)

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

General Longstreet has heard from General Bragg, and they agree 'tis best for Longstreet to destroy Burnside. I go to Longstreet at once.

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[31.]

ATLANTA, December 3, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: In accordance with the request contained in your telegram of the 2d, I addressed a letter to General Johnston, commanding Department of Mississippi, copy of which I inclose for your inspection. As I did not enter into particulars to General Johnston, I will briefly as possible do so now. The financial condition of our enemy is precarious and desperate, calling for all of his energies to support his trembling fabric. Had Vicksburg stood, I make no doubt but ere this insupportable bankruptcy would have been his fate, for as to only hope of his condition rests upon his ability to compel the South to become paymaster, so as that hope vanishes from defeat his creditors become more and more discouraged and fearful, and vice versa. From this it is very apparent that if in addition to the above he can procure the

