
LOUISVILLE, April 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed I send you a paragraph from New York Tribune, confirming the news which I received from Northern sources that the North is not well armed. In his rage the abolition editor exposes a weak point. The Indiana troops were armed with flint-lock muskets, 8,000 being sent to Indianapolis. As the Chicopee works are destroyed, your Government will be on nearly an equal footing with Lincoln's, and I presume will have weapons before they even send for any. The news from Baltimore enrages our people beyond conception, and we should throw something else besides paving stones at any Northern troops attempting a passage here. My regiment will rendezvous here on Tuesday, waiting orders from you, and all are eager to be ordered South at once. They wish to have arms put in their hands and quick service against the abolition holders. I presume that our best route will be via Memphis, either to take the railroad there or go on to New Orleans, as you may direct. You can expedite matters by telegraphing to me.

I have the honor to be, very truly,

BLANTON DUNCAN.

[Inclosure.]

WAR IS UPON US.

We are involved in war! The country even yet does not fairly realize the fact. It was surprised, bewildered, stupefied by the tidings that the rebels where actually cannonading Fort Sumter. Probably a majority of the citizens of the free States have not until a week past believed that there would be any bloodshed. The loyal States are taken by surprise. Silently robbed by the traitor Floyd, they are unarmed to-day. Not five regiments in all the free States have been raised and drilled with any reference to a collision at hand. The bombardment and loss of Fort Sumter falls on the mass of our people like a clap of thunder from a cloudless sky.

[4.]

Nashville, TENN., April 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

SIR: My friend Honorable W. C. Whitthorne, whom you remember as the speaker of the Tennessee House of Representatives, visits Montgomery at my instance, for the purpose of conferring with President Davis and yourself. He is fully advised and will make known to you the state of parties in our State, as wells our prospects, hopes, and apprehensions. Large accessions every day to the secession cause, and we confidently hope to stand with you under the Confederate flag very soon. Unfortunately, we have delayed the important work of arming our State until it is difficult, if not impossible, to procure arms. If you have a surplus, we shall be happy to procure them.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, April 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Can you send an engineer here capable of directing military defensive works? My movement is suspended by information that there is no

