
and independent reports of a heavy forcehaving gone toward Nashville, though General Hardee does not consider them as altogether reliable. We have railroad communication to Ringgold, which by the wagon road is eighteen miles from Chattanooga. If the fine weather of the past few days continues, it seems to me that the comparatively isolated garrison there might be captured. The return of Wheeler's cavalry from Longstreet would assist such a movement. I do not think, however, that the generals have regarded an advance as an undertaking to be considered.

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[31.]

MERIDIAN, December 11, 1863. (Via Mobile.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The headquarters of this department will be transferred to Brandon to-morrow.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[31.]

DALTON, December 14, 1863.

(Received 15th.)

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

I have no information that the enemy have sent any force beyond Stevenson. A cavalry force was at La Fayette on Saturday, but returned toward Chattanooga immediately. A force is reported to have been at Blairsville two or three days ago. I have sent Wheeler in that direction. Sherman with his corps is reported at or near Charleston.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[31.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 16, 1863.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Dalton, Ga.:

General J. E. Johnston has been ordered to proceed to Dalton and assume command of the Army of Tennessee. This will, as you requested, relieve you of chief command.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. J. FINLEY,

Headquarters Florida Brigade, Dalton, Ga.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your letter of December 7 has been received, and I write to express my gratification at the patriotic sentiments conveyed in it. The fact that you did not seek the appointment conferred upon you, and your diffidence in assuming its responsibilities, is to me additional evidence of your fitness to command. I shall but the more confidently rely on one who, ready to serve, does not aspire to command.

With assurances of my highest esteem, I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]

