
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 20. Clinton, Miss., December 16, 1863.

I. Colonel L. S. Ross, Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry, having been ordered by Major-General Lee to report to these headquarters for assingment to duty with the Second Brigade of this division, by viture of his rank he necessarily relieves Colonel H. P. Mabry, Third Regiment Texas Cavalry, of the command. In making this change, the brigadier-general commanding divisions takes the opportunity to thank Colonel Mabry for the able, consistent, and fearless manner in which he has furlfilled his temporary trust, and feels assured that the officer who has evinced so much patriotism and pride for his State and his command will carry the same feelings of honor and duty to his regiment, of which he will assume command at once.

II. In reassigning Colonel Ross to the command of the second Brigade the brigadier general commanding takes pleasure in announcing to the officers and soldiers of it that he has returned to them the hero of many exploits upon recent fields of strife, on which he has contributed much to the renow of their State and brigade, and the acknowledged prowess of Texan arms, and comes with his already rich reputation as an officer of courage and worth, augmented by new acts of glory and the plaudits of his commanding officer.

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 299. Richmond, Va., December 17, 1863.

* *

XXII. Paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 252, current series, is hereby revoked, and Captain James M. Loughborough, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed without delay to Mobile, Ala., and report to Major General D. H. Maury, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty with Brigadier General J. C. Moore.

* *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[26.]

DALTON, December 17, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Scouts report that two corps of the enemy have been sent to Mississippi and one to Kentucky. Don't think the information reliable. all quiet in my front. No immediate advance of the enemy is apprehended. Weather and roads bad.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[31.]

DALTON, GA., December 17, 1863.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Dublin Depot, Va.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: By accident my brigade was detained here when the rest of the division was ordered to Loudon. Since then we

37 R R-VOL LII, PT II

