
arsenal at the point I was moving on. I dispatched Burch to Governor of Missouri. This city has 5,000 men organized and ready, but not all armed. Answer at once. I shall leave here for Nashville.

GID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, April 20, 1861.

General PILLOW,

Memphis, Tenn.:

An engineer has been ordered to Memphis, and will be there in a few days. Suitable guns have been ordered from Baton Rouge for the batteries and 1,500 muskets. Colonel Smith, of Memphis, is here, and likes the order. You can still do what I advised, and do go and do it at once.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, April 20, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Your dispatch received. The thing is impossible with my resources. Two thousand men in the arsenal. I write you.

GID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

I have communicated with you to-day by telegraphic dispatches. I think, however, I had better also write you, and now do so. We have now no longer any elements of strength in the State opposed to the union of Tennessee with the Confederate States. The action of tyrant Lincoln and the cry of war have stifled the voice of Union shriekers, and we are now ready and anxious to place Tennessee under the protecting egis of the Confederate Constitution. this will be done as rapidly as the forms of constitutional action can be gone through with, if the State should not by revolutionary action be previously thrown into your arms. As I telegraphed you to-day, I sent Colonel Burch to communicate with Governor Jackson in regard to the arsenal at Saint Louis, and cannot state until I hear from him the result. I learn here, however, from the most reliable source, that Lincoln has thrown 2,100 troops into the arsenal, and fortified the position with batteries, &amp;c. Still, I think Jackson will take the work. I was myself ready to move with 500 men and a section of a field battery on Fort Smith, but I learn by telegram from governor Rector that all rams and munitions were removed from that fort the latter part of the past week to the Saint Louis Arsenal. I shall leave here this evening for Nashville; will meet the Legislature of the State there on Thursday, and as early thereafter as possible will go to Frankfort, Ky., see Governor Magoffin, and arrange the defenses of Kentucky, agree upon the line of operations to meet Lincoln, and the means of cutting up (in any state of things requiring it) the railroad communication to arrest his advance south. Lincoln has taken possession of and thrown a strong force into the Newport

