
II. Colonel P. B. Starke, Twenty-eighth Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, senior colonel, will at once assume command of the First Brigadeof this division until further orders.

* *

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

ATLANTA, December 24, 1863.

(Received 25th.)

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Large force of the enemy has left Bridgeport for interior of Tennessee. Destination now know. Can you give me any information of the whereabouts of the cavalry of this army which was with Longstreet?

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[31.]

DALTON, December 25, 1863.

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

The enemy are sending troops to Knoxville, with the view of opposing Longstreet, who is reported advancing on that place. General Johnston expected here to-morrow.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, Tenn., December 25, 1863.

Major General R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Commanding District of Southwestern Virginia:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this date. The authority for the distillation of whisky, to which you have referred, was given for temporary purposes, and will be at once withdrawn. The commanding general does not think that the cavalry force of the enemy that you report moving in the direction of Sneedsville can be very large or formidable. He directs me to say that you must use Colonel Rucker's force in picketing in that direction and watching for any such force. If it should appear you will have to move a part of General Jones' brigade to meet it. Please keep us promptly advised in connection with affairs in that vicinity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, December 25, 1863.

Major General W. T. MARTIN,

Commanding Cavalry:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this morning, and am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding

