
to express to you his admiration of the very handsome affair that occurred yesterday between a portion of your own and the enemy's cavalry. The conduct of your troops appears to have been most spirited and excellent, and merits high praise. At the same time I am directed to say that inasmuch as you report the enemy's force demoralized and inferior in every respect to your own, it is hoped you may not have occasion to call upon our barefoot infantry to aid you. The commanding general regrets that you entertain the impression that your forces are fighting for the bread of the infantry. Your troops are in the service of the Government, and are battling for a common cause and a common country. The infantry forces of this army have fought too many desperate battles to be told that their bread is earned byt the labor of the cavalry. Even if this be so, it might appear better if the commanding officer of the cavalry would allow others to give to this troops the credit they may deserve. Our country is in distress and needs all the aid we can give. We owe it to her and to ourselves to render cheerfully all that we can. The infantry of these forces has campaigned during this year in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia. North Carolina, Georgia, and Tennessee; and now that they are without shoes and almost in rags, they should not be expected to follow the enemy's cavalry. So soon as it is prepared to give efficient aid, you will find, as alsways, no lack of cheerful and cordial co-operation.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, Tenn., December 25, 1863.

Colonel H. L. GILTNER,

Commanding Brigade of Cavalry:

The commanding general desires that you will send scouting parties across the river at a different points along your line to get across the Clinch Mountain, and give us all information of the enemy's movements in that vicinity. You should send them out in parties of one or two men, to cross below Mooresburg at different points along the river. The commanding general expects that you will keep constantly out parties of this description. A force of the enemy's cavalry is now reported to be moving on the other side of the mountain toward Sneedsville, and we want definite information of it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 24. Clinton, Miss., December 25, 1863.

I. Leave of absence having been granted the division commander, Brigadier General Wirt Adams will assume command of this division until further orders.

* *

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

GEO. MOORMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

