
RICHMOND, VA., December 26, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Rogersville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In your telegram of December 9, 1863, to the Adjutant-General, you state that on the 29th of November an attack was made by a portion of your command on the works at Knoxville and was repulsed. You add, "On that day I received a dispatch from the President to hasten to rejoin General Bragg." My letter book contains no copy of that dispatch, and I request that you will send me one.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]

RICHMOND, VA., December 26, 1863.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Dalton, Ga.:

General Longstreet reported that he had sent the cavalry back to your army, and it should now be near at hand.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, December 26, 1863.

Major-General RANSOM,

Commanding District of Southwestern Virginia:

In reference to the difficulty reported by General Jones as to foraging his brigade in his present position, I am directed to say that he can be foraged at Sneedsville, and can from there operate in the direction of Cumberland Gap. As there are but 400 or 500 men there, he may be able, by a dash, to possess himself of it. Colonel Rucker's cavalry can be used to scout every day down to Mooresburg. This, with our cavalry scouting from here across the river to the Clinch, the commanding general thinks will be sufficient to keep you advised of the enemy's movements. It is said that there is forage on the Clinch and Powell Rivers and on the east side of Clinch Mountain.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, Tenn., December 27, 1863.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,

Asheville, N. C.:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note of the 24th instant. The lieutenant-general commanding requests that you will suggest to General Vance at the earliest opportunity the propriety of establishing his cavalry at Newport, as being a position that offers many advantages. I will send your order to Captain Goodwin, assistant quartermaster, with the necessary application.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

