HEADQUARTERS,Russelville, December 28, 1863.

Major General R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Commanding District, &amp;c.:

The commanding general desires you to move your infantry and artillery to some point on the railroad about half way between Russellville and Bull's Gap. This movement is designed for a change of camp, and should be made with a view of its permanency.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[31.]

OFFICE CHIEF DISTRICT COMMISSARY,

Atlanta, Ga., January 1, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of Tennessee, Dalton, Ga.:

SIR: As the Army of Tennessee has now to depend upon the rear for subsistence, I think it due to the cause and just to myself to give you an approximate estimate of the stores on hand. At the same time I wish to show you clearly the prospects for a further accumulation. Our armies, to be kept together, must be fed, and hence I take the liberty of presenting to you the difficulties that surround the subsistence department, that being forewarned, you may, if possible, be forearmed, and that hereafter no censure may attach to me for want of timely notece. Briefly, then, you are aware that the northern portion of this State has been completely exhausted. A large portion of the citizens are now compelled to look elsewhere for family supplies. The middle portion of the State, from this point south, has not been heavily drained, but I now have an efficient and energetic corps of agents who are gleaning this entire section. Within two or three weeks they will have gathered up all the supplies of meat that can be had without resort to military force. In this connection I would remark that the supreme court of Georgia has virtually nullified the old impressment law. They admit, however, the right to impress under orders from the commanding general when the necessities of the army demand it. Permit me to say that in my opinion these necessities, so far as subsistence is concerned, were never more urgent. From the southwestern part of the State the armies on the coast have been subsisted since the beginning of the war, and are still dependent on that section for supplies. I therefore think that we can expect but little from that source in the way of meat. The chief commissary of subsistence for the state of Alabama thinks that all the surplus there will be needed by the troops in that State. He therefore declines to allow anything further to be brought out. From Florida I have drawn large numbers of beef-cattle. This supply is now rapidly dimishing. The people complain that cattle are becoming scarce. The chief commissary of subsistence reports that but few more can be expected till next summer, as the garzing season is past, the cattle now poor, and pasturage and forage so scant on the long route to this place that they could not be driven.

This stateof affairs presents a gloomy picture, but I wish to present it to you in its true colors, and from the right point of view. If the army is to be supplied with meat the most prompt, active, and energetic measures should, in my opinion, be resorted to at once.

