
Barracks, and has removed a steam-boat load of arms from the Saint Louis Arsenal to Newport, thus indicating that point or the north bank of the river opposite there as a point of rendezvous. Jeffersonville will probably be another place of rendezvous, indicating a purpose to move a column of troops down through the center of Kentucky on the line of the railroad to Tennessee. The other column will rest on Washington City and the north boundary of Virginia as its base, to strike the heart of Virginia and into North Carolina. I give you this information as important for the consideration of President Davis. Knowing the wants of the Army and the scarcity of subsistence supplies, I have taken steps here which I think will result in bringing $500,000 of supplies form Saint Louis for the use of Confederate forces. I am not positively certain that it will be done, for want of the money, but I think it will. This is the more important, as all subsistence supplies are now cut off except from Saint Louis, and in twenty days that means of supply will be cut off by a battery at Cairo.

I inclose you herewith a communication which appeared in an extra Appeal of to-day.* In twenty days I will have 20,000 men ready, not well instructed, but yet, if pressed for action, capable of meeting an invading force; but I cannot by any earthly means arm them. The Legislature of the State, under my pressing demands upon the Governor, will meet Thursday next, and I hope to get an appropriation of $2,000,000 for the public use. I am pressed for time; will leave at 6 o'clock for Nashville, where you can communicate with me, if deemed important. My confidence in the President as a statesman and as a commanding general induces me to place myself and my all at his disposal. he can employ me anywhere and in any position he may indicate. I make no question, no inquiry. I am content to serve my country in her perilous position in any position by may place me.

With great respect,

GID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]

Nashville, April 20, 1861.

(Via New Orleans, 9 a. m. 21st. Received 10 a. m. 21st.)

L. P. WALKER:

I will have a regiment, the Walker Legion, raised for me in my absence, at Athens, Ala., in ten days, to be mustered into service. Remember your promise to furnish arms and warn me. Tennessee is on fire.

WM. B. BATE.

[4.]

MOBILE, April 21, 1861.

Colonel W. J. HARDEE:

SIR: I have declined turning over any portion of the regular troops of the State of Alabama to the Confederate States. Under the construction given to the act of Congress by the Secretary of War he is prohibited from receiving any of the Alabama regulars recruited subsequent to the 28th of February, 1861. We have but 103 men recruited prior to that time-too many for one company and not enough for two. His construction, therefore, excludes all of our officers except those of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

