
in high station then present. You have a place, general, in the southern heart perhaps not less exalted than that you occupy in her Army. No one knows better than yourself all the hidden powers and secret springs which move the great moral machinery of the South. You know whence she derived that force which three years ago impelled her to the separation, and has since that time to this present hour enabled her to lay all she has, even the blood of her best sons, upon the altar of independence, and do you believe that that South will now listen to the voices of those who wold ask her to stultify herself by entertaining a proposition which heretofore our isolent foes themselves have not even dared to make in terms so bold and undisguised? What are we to do? If this thing is once openly proposed to the Army the total disintegration of that Army will follow in a fortnight, and yet to speak and work in opposition to it is an agitation of the question scarcely less to be dreaded at this time, and brings down the universal indignation of the Southern people and the Southern soldiers upon the head of at least one of our bravest and most accomplished officers. Then, I repeat, what is to be done? What relief it would afford me to talk to you about this matter! but as that may not be, do I go too far in asking you to write to me? I start in a few days to my home in Monticello, Fla., where I expect to spend twenty days with my family, and I assure you, general, it would add much to the enjoyment of my visit if you would favor me by mail with some of the many thoughts which this subject will arouse in your mind.

Believe me, general, very truly, your friend,

PATTON ANDERSON.

[32.]

SENATOBIA, MISS., January 14, 1864.

General L. POLK,

Commanding Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: An arrangement can be easily effected to secure four steamersof capacity and speed at any point desired. They can be paid for out of the abundance of cotton in the interior, now of no use to Anything can be accomplished by negotiation. Every Federal in the western department will sell out to benefit himself Parties inside the lines will arrange everything so that a capture can be easily made, but the owners must be paid for their loss either in gold or cotton. A great number of the western steam-boat men will do anything for the South that does not require the sacrifice or their boats. Their loyalty does not go far enough for the gratuitous surrender of their property. Without pay they will not help us much; but anything can be done if the Confederacy will allow them cottom pay. Everything is out of fix in the valley. Those people are like many through the lines, they are for themselves first, and for their country next. I do not believe that one in a hundred is really friendly to the enemy in preference tous, but it will be most difficult to get any duty in the field performed by them. In every county, however, a considerable force could be organized to fight steam-boats, and if under the control of proper officers they would accomplsih a hundredfold more than if an effort be made to force them into the regular army proper. I would suggest, general, that an effort be made by the appointment of men who will act honestly with the Confederacy, and not abuse the privileges allowed them, to organize at once in every county bordering on the river a command to fight the boats on the river in every way possible that will

