
one company. To turn over that one company and disband the remainder is liable to so many and such grave objections that I prefer to wait for the meeting of Congress before taking any action in the premises. Major S. S. Tucker, of the Alabama artillery, will have orders to obey implicitly any orders he may receive from you, and the troops will be in all respects subject to your command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JERE. CLEMENS,

Major-General, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 23, 1861.

The within is respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

W. J. HARDEE,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

[1.]

MOBILE, April 21, 1861.

(Received 7.35 p. m.)

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

No answer to my letter of the 15th. Do you intend that I shall purchase the steam vessels and erect fortifications for defending the approaches to Mobile? Answer at once. The cutter has not been turned over to me.

W. J. HARDEE,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

[1.]

WINCHESTER, TENN., April 21, 1861.

[L. P. WALKER:]

DEAR GENERAL: Before this reaches you I will have my regiment ready to march. My great desire is that I shall not have such delay as to make my men impatient. So soon as I get my ne ready I think I will rendezvous. I dislike exceedingly to think of having my men on oars for General Pillow; wi would greatly prefer to be an independent regiment. General, my all, my honor, and that of my father is involved in this matte. My father was the first man in Tennese to take grounds for our present position here. He sacrificed himself upon its altar. I feel that under the circumstances this regiment ought to be received first of all from Tennessee. I was the first to make a tender of a Tennessee regiment. I have now about got it ready, and hope I will not have to wait the movement of Pillow. Such a course would certainly dampen the ardor of my men, who have volunteered as minute men, and are now making rapid preparations to move. How are you off for arms? I request an early answer. Remember that my name has been cursed in Tennessee (I allude to my father) for its devotion to the South. Do not, for God's sake, suspend me to gratify Pillow. Answer right off.

Your friend,

P. TURNEY.

P. S.-I mean by the above no disrespect to General Pillow whatever, but do not want to be postponed to anybody. The fever is high, and want to see nothing cool it here.

[4.]

