
RICHMOND, VA., January 16, 1864.

Governor BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

General Johnston has notified me that unless the management of the State railroad from Atlanta is improved he will be compelled to fall back for want of supplies. The Quartermaster-General has been directed to offer to you any assistance he can furnish. The vital interest of Georgia is at stake, and I ask for the matter your prompt attention.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[32.]

DALTON, January 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Richmond:

Major Peters reports six trains employed in transporting cotton to Wilmington, all east of Savannah River-four of the Nasvhille and Chattanooga road, one of the Augusta and Atlanta road, and one of the East Tennessee and Georgia road. If you will have them sent to the roads that supply this army it can be supplied.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, January 17, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

General Johnston's charge of want of efficiency in the management of the State road is without foundation. The officers of the road are doing everything in their power with the means at their command. Confederate officers have taken from the State road and had lost or destroyed upon other roads over 200 cars and eight engines belonging to the road. This leaves the road short of rolling-stock. I demand that two good engines and fifty cars be returned to the road immediately by the Government, whose officers have deprived it of over four times that number. If this is done promptly, General Johnston's freight can be carried. It it is refused, the responsibility must rest where it belongs.

J. E. BROWN.

[32.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, January 17, 1864.

The Georgia DELEGATION IN CONGRESS:

General Johnston's charge of want of efficiency in the management of the State road is without foundation. The officers are doing all in their power with the means at their command. Confederate officers have taken from the State road and lost on other roads eight or ten of our best engines and over 200 cars. I have demanded that two good engines and fifty-good cars, which is less than one-fourth of the number lost, be placed upon the road immediately by the Government, whose officers have caused the deficiency, and General Johnston's freights shall then go forward promptly. If the Confederate Government deprives us of the means of transportation and refuse to replace them, the responsibility must rest where it belongs. As you are at the seat of Government, I ask your influence in behalf of the justice demanded by your State.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[32.]

