
RUSSELLVILLE, January 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The rumor of the capture of General Vance seems to be confirmed.

J. LONSGREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[32.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 4. Jackson, Miss., January 19, 1864.

I. Surg. J. R. Barnett is hereby relieved from duty as chief surgeon of the Cavalry in Mississippi.

II. Surg. W. L. Lipscomb having reported at these headquarters pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 8, headquarters Meridian, December 31, 1863, is hereby assigned to duty as chief surgeon of this command, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

G. W. HOLT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

DALTON, January 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

Within the last week Strahl's, Vaughan's, and Bate's brigades, the Third, Eighth, and Thirty-second Tennessee Regiments, and Douglas' Texas battery, have re-engaged for the war.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

RICHMOND, VA., January 21, 1864.

His Excellency R. HAWES,

Provisional Governor of Kentucky, Nelly's Ford Post-Office, Nelson County, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Befor answering your leter of the 10th instant I have called for and examined the act of Congress, passed in secret session on the 31st of August, 1861, and find that it appropriates &amp;1,000,000, "to be expended in such manner as the President may think proper to aid the people of Kentucky in repelling any invasion or occupation of their soil by the armed forces of the United States." On referring to the conditioin of things as they existed when this act was passed I find that the State of Kentucky had declared itself neutral in the war then raging. On the 22nd of June, 1861, Governor Magoffin and General Buckner published a statement that General McClellan had agreed to respect the neutrality of Kentucky as long as she kept the Confederates from within her borders. On the 26th of the same month General McClellan publsihed a denial of this statement. On the 2nd of August Governor Magoffin issued his proclmation, calling on all persons having arms of the State in their possession to deliver them up immediately. The enemy had already commenced establishing camps at different points in the State, and it was plain that the Washington Government had determined not to respect the neutrality, and that the Legislature of Kentucky was unwilling to aid the Governor in maintining the declared

