
policy of that State, which was not then a member of the Confederacy. It was under these circmstances that Congress recently appropriated $1,000,000 "to aid the people of Kentucky in repelling any invasiion or occupation of their soil by the armed forces of the United States." The people of Kentucky were at that time regarded as allies of the Confederacy, sympathizing with its cause, but having no right to call upon this Government to aid in their defense. The appropriation was in its nature a subsidy to an ally. But on the 6th of December, 1861, the State of Kentucky became a member of the Confederacy, and, by joining her sister States, ceased to be a mere ally, and became entitled to call for the application of the whole resources of the Confederacy for her defense in the same manner and tothe same extent as every other Confederate States. Ceasing to hold her position of ally, the legislation which was based on that relation became, in my opinion, inapplicable and inoperative. It was impliedly merged in the general legislation which placed Kentucky in the possession of the larger and more important rights to which the Confederate States are entitled. I am led, therefore, to the conclusion suggested by your, that the secret act above referred to created a trust fund for other objects than those to which you state that you are very much importuned to apply a portion of it, and that so much of the appropriation as was not expended for the purposes originally contemplated when Kentucky was a mere ally cannot be expended now that she has assumed her position as one of the sovereign States, whose relatiions are controlled by the Constitution.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[32.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, DEPT. OF SOUTH MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 1. Jackson, Miss., January 22, 1864.

I. Circular orders, dated headquarters Meridian, Miss., January 11, 1864, having divided East Louisiana, Mississippi, and Western Tennessee into two cavalry departments, so as to include in the northern department the counties of Monroe, Chickasaw, Calhou, and Tallahatchie, and that part of Sunflower and Bolivar Counties lying north of a line drawn from the southwest corner of Tallahatchie County to the town of Prentiss, on the Mississippi River, the undersigned, in compliance with said order, assumes command of the Southern Cavalry Department.

II. Jackson, Miss., is announced as the headquarters of this command, and the designation of command will be Cavalry Department of South Mississippi and East Louisiana.

III. The following staff officers are announced: Major G. W. Holt, assistant adjutant-general; Major William Elliott, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Major A. G. Quaite, chief quartermaster; Major J. T. Sibley, chief paymaster; Major G. B. Dyer, chief commissary; Major J. L. Wofford, chief of artillery; Surg. W. L. Lipscomb, chief suregon; assistant surgeon, D. W. Booth; First Lieutenant H. B. Lee, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant J. B. McFarland, acting aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant E. M. Underhill, acting aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant W. S. Farish, acting aide-de-camp.

IV. The present organizations of divisions and brigades will remain till further orders.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[32.]

