
under great misapprehension in regard to this loss, and I am quite sure he is mistaken in supposing this road incapable of supplying General Johnsto's army.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SIMS,

Major and Quartermaster.

[32.]

CIRCULAR.] DALTON, January 31, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE, Major-General CHEATHAM, HINDMAN, CLEBURNE, STEWART, WALKER, Brigadier-Generals BATE and P. ANDERSON:

GENERAL: I have just received a letter from the Secretary of War in reference to Major-General Cleburne's memoir* read in my quarters about the 2nd instant. In this letter the honorable Secretary expresses the earnest conviction of the President "that the dissemination or even promulgation of such opinions under the present circmstances of the Confederacy, whether in the Army or among the people, can be productive only of discouragement, distraction, and dissension. The agitation and controversy which must spring from the presentation of such views by officvers high in the public confidence are to be deeply deprecated, and while no doubt or mistrust is for a moment entertained of the patriotic intents of the gallant author of the memorial, and such of his brother officers as may have favored his opinions, it is requested that you communicate to them, as well as all others present on the occasion, the opinions, as herein expressed, of the President, and urge on them the suppression, not only of the memorial itself, but likewise of all discussion and controversy respecting or growing out of it. I would add that the measures advocated in the memorial are considered to be little appropriate for consideration in military circles, and indeed in their scope pass beyond the bounds of Confederate action, and could under our constitutional system neithe rbe recommended by the Executive to Congress nor be entertained by that body. Such views can only jeopard among the States and people unity and harmony, when for successful co-operation and the achievement of independence both are essential."

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

P. S.-Major-General CLEBURNE: Be so good as to communicate the views of the President, expressed above, to the officers of your division in who signed the memorial.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

DALTON, February 2, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I had the honor to receive the letter in which you express the views of the President in relation to the memorial of Major-General Cleburne on the 31st ultimo, and immediately transmitted his instructions in your own language to the officers concerned. None of the

---------------

*See p. 586.

---------------

