
officers to whom the memorial was read favored the scheme; and Major General Cleburne, as soon as that appeared, voluntarily annnounced that he would be governed by the opinion of those officers, and put away his paper. The manner of strenghening our armies by using negroes was discussed, and no other throught practicable than that which I immediately proposed to the President. I regarded this discussion as confidential, and undersood it to be so agreed before the party separated. This and General Cleburne's voluntary promise prevented any apprehension in my mind of the agitation of the subject of the memorial. I have had no reason since to suppose that it made any impression.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[32.]

MOBILE, February 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The Tennessee troops of Quarles' brigade have re-enlisted to the last man, although their term of service has not expired by eight months.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[32.]

JACKSON AND CANTON ROAD,

Five Miles from Jackson, February 6, 1864-12.30.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division, Perkins' House:

GENERAL: Starke is here with his brigade and Griffith's and Stockdale's battalions; also section of Croft's, Waties', and King's. Have ordered Ferguson to Madison Station early to-morrow morning. I shall impede enemy on this road and move toward Canton. I understand two of Loring's brigades have crossed at Grant's or Cullie's Ferries; the other will cross early in the morning. I wish Ferguson to move slowly toward Canton. Give these orders for me, as it is doubtful if my couriers will reach Ferguson. Have ordered all wagons, except ordnance, and cooking utensils over Pearl River at Grant's. I would like you to join me on this road in the morning, opposite Madison Station, with Adams. The enemy advanced very rapidly on Jackson late this evening, and caused considerable of a stampede. One of Croft's pieces was taken. I left the town at dark, and the enemy just entering. Everything of Starke's had passed through.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[32.]

DALTON, GA., February 7, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT JEMISON, Jr.,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: You will see from the accompanying letter of Colonel Saunders our business here. We had yesterday a favorable interview with General Wheeler, but the reverse with General Johnston, his idea being mainly that he had too much territory to defend, and that it was

39 R R-VOL LII, PT II

