
the valley to engage heartily in the productive of grain. We trust that you will in conjunction with your colleagues be able to do thus much.

Very respectfully,

John D. RATHER.

J. W. S. DONNELL.

P. S.-I forgot to say that in our interview with General Wheeler he readily assented to revoke the order to General Roddey to remove his command to Gadsden, but said it was done by direction of General Johnston. He at once laid the matter before General Johnston, and gave us his reasons for declining, and which he (General Johnston) repeated to us. We desire, therefore, to acquit General Wheller of any purpose to leave North Alabama unprotected, as seems to be inferred by Colonel Saunders. This much is due to General Wheeler touching the removal of General Roddey. We shall notify Governor Watts and invoke his aid and counsels in the matter. We understand that he proposed on a similar occasion when General Roddey was ordered out of North Alabama to send State troops in their places.

J. D. R.

J. W. S. D.

[Inclosure.]

COURTLAND, ALA., January 30, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT JEMISON:

DEAR SIR: The inclosed is a copy of a letter witten to Major-General Wheeler, and will show you the danger with which North Alabama is threatened. Mr. Donnell, the excellent member of Assembly from Limestone County, carries the letter to Dalton, and will advise you by postscript of his success at headquarters in getting the order rescinded. Major-General Wheeler has been quite unsuccessful since his nomination, and has neither the confidence of officers nor men. His force has been continually running down, and for some time he has manifested a strong desire to remove Brigadier-General Roddey's force from North Alabama to swell the numbers under his immediate command. An order of the same kind was issued just before the battle of Chickamauga, and rescinded upon a memorial to General Bragg. Of Major-General Wheeler I shall speak freely, but with that sense of justice which should govern every gentlemen in speaking of another. As a brigadier he was successful, sober, industrious, and methodical. He succeeded well in organizing, but when the field of his operations was enlarged, the draft on his intellect, wich is one of mediocrity, became too heavy. He has signally failed to give satisfaction. Moreover, his person is small, and in his manner there is nothing manly and commanding. He evidently handles men awkwardly in battle, for he has but few engaged at a time. In short, I condier that the interest of the service in this department demands that the Senate should refuse to confirm General Wheeler's nomination. If, however, it could be done, I would not object to his being confirmed on a new appointment. This would place him in rank where, considering his youth and just claims, he should be, viz, behind Wharton and Martin and Lee (S. D.) and Forrest, either of whom is his superior in the field.

You must judge what is the best course to pursue with the matter of General Roddey's removal with his force from North Alabama, after consulting with other members from this section. When General Rather recently returned from Richmond he brought on some paper, I understand, an indorsement of the Secretary of War pledging himself that the force of General Roddey should not be removed from

