
considerable. Added to this a great many have deserted from our Army and are hiding in the mountains. When Colonel Patterson, a few days since, marched, through Marion his encampment was twice attacked by tories in one night. On Monday last one of our conscript cavalry, named Asbury, was killed by a deserter. A man named Captain May, formerly adjutant of Colonel Patterson's regiment, and expelled on account of atrocities, has raised an independent command (unless it belongs to conscript service), and is acting with great cruelty toward the wives and families of men suspected of being disaffected to our cause, taking all their movable property, even to the convering on their beds. A few days since Judge Curtis, of the probate court of Winston County, was arrested by a squad of cavalry (conscript I presume), and on his way to the jail in Jasper was murdered and his body found secreted in arock house. The troops raised for the conscript service should be ordered into the field. I believe General Roddey could pacify the mountain and add one or two more regiments from it to the Army, provided he had undistrubed control of the First Congressional District. If something is not done speedily civil war in its worst forms of conflagration and murder will sweep over this country.

Your friend and servant,

JAMES E. SAUNDERS.

[First indorsement.]

We respectfully submit the withins. J. E. Saunders and John D. Rather to the Secretary of War.

Considering the immense value of the iron-worksk and coal mines in Middle Alabama, and the great importance of the works now at Selma, it seems to us highly necessary to protect them, and if possible an adquate force for that purpose should be put south of the Tennessee River in Alabama. If General Roddey cannot be sent back, some other force should be added to the small command left there.

C. D. CLAY, Jr.

R. JEMISON, Jr.

[Second indorsement.]

We concur in the foregoing recommendations.

DAVID CLOPTON. F. S. LYON.

THOS. J. FOSTER. T. S. DARGAN.

J. L. PUGH. John P. RALLS.

W. P. CHILTON. J. L. M. CURRY.

[Third indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 15, 1864.

The importance of this district is appreciated. As far as resources will allow, it will be the aim of the Department to protect it.

J. A. S[EDDON],

Secretary.

[32.]

DALTON, February 8, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston:

Please permit rolling-stock of the Savannah and Macon road to be used to bring much-needed supplies from Macon.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

