
RICHMOND, VA., February 9, 1864.

General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The President directs me to transmit to you the following extract from a letter from General J. E. Johnston of the 1st instant: *

The artillery horses are not improving, and are so feeble that in the event of a battle we could not hope to maneuver our batteries, nor in case of reverse to save our guns. We have not received by railroad enough long forage to restore their conditioin. More than half of the infantry are without bayonets, and the want of shoes is painful to see even in this mild weather. Although the chief quartermaster promised when I arrived to supply the deficiency very soon, it is increasing fast. Only about 4,200 pairs were received in January, not more than a fourth of the number necessary to supuply the monthly wear.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 11, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President.

General Johnston's statement in reference to the supply of forage does not correspond with that made by him in a letter to Governor Brown, of Georgia, dated January 25, 1864, an extract from which has been referred to me. That the army is not well supplied with shoes is painfuly true; but a full share of the supply at command has been sent to General Johnston. The loss of nearly 100,000 pairs of hoses off Wilmington since September last, has left us but a small stock of that much-needed article. The results from the present complete arrangements to make available all the hides of beeves slaughtered in the Army have not yet been attained; but we will certainly have leather enough from this source in two months' time to manufacture 600,000 pairs of shoes.

Respectfully submitted.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[32.]

CONFEDERATE STATES, QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT, RAILROAD BUREAU,

Richmond, February 10, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: I take pleasure in informing you that Major J. M. Hottel, quartermaster, Atlanta, writes me of bountiful supplies for General Johnston's army of everything except long forage, which is going forward in considerable quantities. He also says that the Western and Atlantic Railroad is doing all that is required of it. Major Throckmorton says he will commence storing corn at Atlanta. Is this as near to the army as it is desired? If not, why store it there now?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SIMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

[32.]

---------------

*See VOL. XXXII, Part II, p. 644.

---------------

