
of General G. W. Smith, whose sense of justice in this, as in other matters, caused him to determine to serve the road and the State which properly had the highest claim upon the works of which he was president. But I will not trouble you by further remarks upon this subject. I will only add that it is a matter of imperative necessity that the rolling-stock on the road be increased before the spring campaign opens, and that the Tennessee rolling-stock be returned before any advance movement is attempted. I receive daily reports from the officers of the road, and they ship regularly all that your officers offer.

Renewing the assurance of my determination to do all in my power to serve you, and of my high esteem, I am, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[32.]

MOBILE, Feburary 10, 1864.

(Received 11th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Please do not accept resignation of General Moore. I can give him a command. General Shoup has command of artillery; has returned from General Polk. Sherman reported marching to take Mobile overland from Vicksburg with sixty-five pieces. Farragut is near Orleans with no very great force. Some say Galveston, some say Mobile his destination. No siege preparations in New Orleans. Thirteen men-of-war left Pensacola last week, destination not known. Please hurry my ordnance stores forward. Sherman at Morton yesterday.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY WEST OF ALABAMA,Four Miles from Alamuchee, February 10, 1864-4 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to order General Adams to move with his brigade to the south of Meridian, for the purpose of watching the enemy's movements in that direction. For the present he wishes General Adams to report directly to these headquarters. He wishes him also to report in writing why he has made so extensive a detour to get around the enemy, instead of taking the much shorter route by which Colonel Starke's artillery and wagons came. The general wishes you to send Starke's brigade to our right, to operate in conjunction with Ross on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and to direct the three brigades to harass the enemy in every possible manner, by cutting off his foraging parties and picking up all stragglers from the main body, &amp;c. For the present the general will remain with General Ferguson's brigade, in the vicinity of Alamuchee. Instead of sending harvey's scouts to the right, send him in the direction of Enterprise. A report has just been received from Cobb, of the Texas Scouts, that the enemy is moving with a large force of infantry, artillery, and cavalry in the direction of Enterprise. At 11.30 this morning they were within eigh miles of that point. It is possible that you may be ordered to move in that direction instead of the one already indicated, and you will therefore not move Starke's brigade until further

