
practical suggestions. We desire to call your attention to the city of Cairo, twenty miles above this place, at the junction of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers. In a strategical and military point of view it is one of the most important places in the West. If Your Excellency will cast your eye for an instant upon the map and examine the topography around Cairo, you will be convinced of the truth of our remark. it commands the trade of the Ohio and of the Missouri and Upper Mississippi. If held by an abolition army, it will enable our enemies to cut off effectually all supplies from the above sources tot the South. it is of the first importance, therefore, that the South should be in possession of this place. your Excellency, of course, is well acquainted with the programmed of the abolition administration at Washington, by which it is contemplated to concentrate at this point a corps of 10,000 or more troops. We think it would be a wise policy for the Confederate States to anticipate this step by taking it themselves. The citizens of Csairo are favorably disposed toward the Southern cause, and would lend a helping hand. The population is about 2,500. You will also find active and willing co-operation in Southern Kentucky, Southeastern Missouri, and West Tennessee. We are all with you heart and hand-your friends to the death! Columbus, too, is also a very important place, and should be garrisoned and fortified. The mississippi here is very narrow, only half a mile wide, and to the north of the town are the iron banks-immense bluffs, which rise 200 feet above the river. An efficient battery planted there would effectually command the channel. Nothing could pass without our permission. It is the first high land below the mouth, which, added to the narrowness of the river her, makes it capable of being rendered an almost impregnable point. Just below the town is Wolf Island, which has many advantages as a naval station.

These suggestions are made to your Excellency for the good of the cause, hoping that you will take them into speedy and special consideration. That your Excellency may be satisfied as to the character and standing of your present correspondents, we beg leave to refer you to Honorable H. C. Burnett, late member of Congress from this district. Should the suggestions we have thrown out in this communication meet your approval and be deemed worthy of further attention, we pledge ourselves to render you every assistance in our power to forward the project mentioned, or any other that may redound to the cause of Southern rights and the prosperity of the Confederate States.

With sentiments of respect and esteem, we have the honor to be, your Excellency's obedient servants,

A. J. BARRY.

HORNE &amp; MOORE.

GEO. B. MOSS.

[4.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 22, 1861.

Captain P. STOCKTON,

Corps of Artillery, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: In proceeding under your instructions to erect batteries at points on the Mississippi River for the purpose of interrupting the passage of armed troops by that river, agreeably to your verbal instructions, I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that you will freely confer with the authorities at Memphis and such other places as may

