
statements made by others with respect to troops sent from the Yankee Army of Tennessee. The aid which I hoped you might render General Polk was intended to involve the abandonment of your line, which I supposed the enemy could not immediately attack. A prompt movement by infantry alone, to unite with General Polk's forces and destroy the column of the enemy reported to be marchingk toward Mobile, I regarded as service not only important in itself, but greatly conducive to your future success. If deprived of the supplies in the interior of Alabama and the Tombigbee Valley, the most disastrous consequences must ensue. I think it not improbable that the enemy, insted of marching toward Mobile, will turn toward Montgomery. You will have more recent information than myself, and must use your discretion, but I suggest that unless you are more immediately threatened than your communications have indicated that you detach, for temporary service, enough infantry when united with General Polks' command to beat the detachment which the enemy has thrown so far into the interior of our country.*

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[32.]

RICHMOND, VA., February 15, 1864.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

You are probably informed of the condition of General Polk's command, and I have only to request that you will communicate with him freely and give him such aid as you can afford. The interior of Alabama and the Tombigbee Valley are our best reliance for supplies in the coming campaign.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[32.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY WEST OF ALABAMA, Numbers 1. February 15, 1864.

I. The Second Mississippi Regiment Cavalry and Cage's battalion of Dumonteil's regiment are relieved from conscript duty. The commanding officers will collect all their men and report to Brigadier General W. H. Jackson, commanding division, for assignment to duty in his command.

II. All cavalry organizations in this department that have been mustered and are now serving on conscript duty are hereby relieved from such duty, and the respective commanding officers will at once report to the nearest brigade commander in the department for duty with such brigade in the field. Brigade commanders will see that this order is enforced in the vicinity of their commands.

III. Brigade commanders will, during active operations, keep themselves constantly informed of the exact position of the enemy's pickets, and will ascertain and report, as soon as possible after daylight on each morning, whether any, and if any, what changes have been made in their position during the night.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Lee:

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]

---------------

*For probable reply, see VOL. XXXII, Part II, p. 751.

---------------

