
would average at a low estimate twelve cars each, giving General Johnston the capactiy of eighty-four cars, equal to 21,000 bushels corn daily. I am quite sure that there will be plenty of cars found to do the work, if any degree of energy is exhibited in loading and unloading and moving them promptly. It is my opinion that this road still owns over 300 cars. * * * The cotton trains running to Wilmington, which have been so often referred to, are engaged in very important work, which must cease if they are removed. If circumstances render their aid necessary in General Johnston's department, they can be sent there on a few days' notice. They are not needed now, for General Johnston writes, "that if the working of the road continues to be as effective as it is now, we may hope for a gradual accumulation such as is necessary to prepeare us for accidents or movements of the army." * * * I am confirmed in my opinion that this road, as it to-day stands, can meet every reasonable demand upon it, and even were the road open to Chattanooga, with good management it would supply General Johnston were he at that point.

On the 10th of February Major Hottel reports that bountiful supplies of everything but long forage are going forward to the army, and that that is going forward in considerable quantities. During the past monght General Johnston has complained only of deficiencies in receipts by railroad of long forage. Upon the receipt of General Johnston's telegrams in the early part of January urging an improvement in the management of the railroad, I directed the Quartermaster-General to ascertain if there was any rolling-stock that could be spared from other roads, desiring, irrespective of the claim upon the Government for rolling-stock destroyed or lost, to render every possible assistance that might be required, but the reply from the chief of the Railroad Bureau was that there are "no engines nor cars in the Confederacy in repair that are not in constant use." The recent reports encourage me to hope that the Western and Atlantic Railroad may hereafter be able to meet the demands upon it. Should it, however, prove to be otherwise, every exertion will bemade by the Government to furnish what is needed. It is foreseen that all of the railroads of the country must be subjected to some embarrassment from the wear and occasional destruction of their rolling-stock, and that constant effort will be required to replace such losses by repairing and building new engines and cars.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY WEST OF ALABAMA,Alamuchee, February 17, 1864-11.40 p. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Near LauderdaleSprings:

GENERAL: Your communication, dated 7 p. m. this evening, has just been received. The general had already heard of the movement from the north and had sent you to-day directions for the disposition of your command. He agrees with you in your suggestion to remain in your present position until further orders, and you will, therefore, not move the receipt of such orders. We will leave here at mid day to-morrow for Panola and you will be notified as soon as we arrive there. General Adams has already been ordered up, but nothing has been heard from him yet. Orders will be sent Captain Bond to-night to move with his train and to strike the railroad twenty milesnorth of Lauderdale Springs. Mr. Barr will be directed to report to you early in the morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]

