
be visited by you, with a wiew to invite their cordial co-operation in respoect to the object to be accomplished.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, Tenn., April 22, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: Your communication of the 19th instant, suggesting the probability of an invasion of our borders at points along the Ohio or Mississippi Rivers, and requesting the privilege of erecting batteries at eligible points along the banks of these rivers as a means of defense, has been received and briefly answered by telegraph. Appreciating the necessity of susch defenses as you suggest, I had, previous to the receipt of your letter, ordered Lieutenant Dunnington, recently of the U. S. Navy, to take observations of the river and report to me the most eligible siites for the rection of one or more batteries. I have this day written to him at Memphis, and also to Colonels Wright and Smith, acquainting them with your request, informing them of my cordiial assent to it, and instructing them to confer with any authoritiies who may be sent by you there, with the view of facilitating the matter as far as may be within their power. I fully appreciate your suggestions with regard to our common danger, and cordially reciprocate your sentiments concerning the mutual interests, sympatthy, and destiny of the citizens of my State and of your Government. I beg to assure you that I will confer freely and co-operate most cordially, as far as may be within my power, in everything looking to a defense of our rights and an anple redress of any injuries that may be inflicted.

I have the honor to be, with vey great respect,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

Nashville, April 22, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Have you any arms that you can spare to Tennessee? If so, of what character? I know of no market at which they can be procured immediately.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, April 22, 1861.

Governor ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Some days ago I ordered 1,500 muskets and some heavy guns to Memphis. In my dispatch to-day I propose to furnish the three regimensts asked for. If more can be done for you, you may rst assured it shall be.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

