
GREENVILLE, February 27, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Brigadier General W. E. Jones captured 256 of the enemy and 13 negroes near Wyerman's Mills, five miles east of Cumberland Gap. They belonged to the Eleventh Tennessee Regiment, Federal, under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. A. Davis, who was taken wounded. General Vaughn co-operated and attacked the enemy in front. Our loss was 3 killed and 3 wounded. The enemy had 5 killed and many wounded.

J. LONSGREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[32.]

MOBILE, February 27, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

On 25th enemy threw 470 shot and shell at Powell, doing less damage to the fort than on 24th. Three casualties. No firing yesterday on account of fog. None to-day for same reason. No news of any land attack.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[32.]

RICHMOND, VA., February 28, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. LONSGREET,

Greenville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of 26th received. Retain the other division of Martin's command which you mention as necessary to cover the foraging country near you until its place can be supplied. The Quartermaster-General will confer with you about supplies.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[32.]

MOBILE, ALA., February 29, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Have delayed communicating, hoping for something decisive. No bombardment of Fort Powell for the past two days. During the last day's firing, 472 shot were fired without damage to fort. Works are under construction on end of Little Dauphin Island and on Cedar Point to prevent enemy from establishing land batteries against Powell. Forts Morgan, Gaines, and Powell are being rapidly strenghtrened. Torpedoes and sawyers and rope obstgructions are being laid in the channels. The works for inner harbor are strong and the outer line of land defenses in a tolerable state of efficiency and being improved. The Tennessee was released from the shoal in Alabama River last night. The next serious obstruction is Dog River Bar. The tides are are now favorable. At the urgent instance [of] Generals Maury and Gilmer the iron-clads Huntsville and Tuscaloosa and the ran Baltic started yesterday to take position inside Grant's Pass, to be in sight of the enemy, and to meet their fleet should an attempt be made to run the gauntlet of the fort. The generals are rendering every assistance, even the abandonment of other operations, to get the Tennessee down the bay and out at the enemy. The admiral at present sees a great many difficulties, but [it] is hoped, if the Tennessee passes the bar, he will be willing to attack. Intelligence from New Orleans, received this

