
morning, gives on indication of an attack from that direction. Transfers from the army to the navy are becoming brisk, and if the Tennessee goes not experienced gunners will be detailed from the forts.

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY WEST OF ALABAMA,Macon, Miss., February 29, 1864.

Major General WILLIAM H. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Lee wishes you, as soon as you are able, to discontinue active operations against the enemy; to place your command in some place where your men and horses can be rested and recruited. Your slow trains have been stopped here for the present. About 250 men who were with the trains will leave here to-day or to-morrow, under command of Captain Carter, with orders to report to you as soon as possible. Details are being made, upon proper certifications, for some of the dismounted men to go after horses. Major Simmons, your paymaster, is here, waiting for the arrival of Major Sibley. The only news of interestfrom the Confederacy is some prospect of an engagement between Johnston's army and the enemy. The armiws are reported to be maneuvering in the vicinity of Tunnel Hill, but nothing like a serious encounter has, so far as we are informed, yet taken place. A portion of Hardee's corps that had been sent to General Polk's assistance, and were arriving at Demopolis, were at once returned to General Johnston. General Polk must have given up his intention of following Sherman, as he sent here two days ago for Generals Lee and Forrest to proceed at once to Demopolis for the purpose, I imagine, of holding a consultation. General Forrest came here yesterday afternoon, and he and General Lee left soon after for Gainesville on a hand car. I do not suppose that they can return under five days. General Forrest left General Gholson in pursuit of the enemy's cavalry above. At last acounts he was picking up prisoners in small numbers. There is nothing else of public interest. You have probably already heard that General Finegan had whipped the enemy in Florida, capturing five pieces of artillery. An order will soon be issued establishing two horses infirmaries for the command. You will probably be charged with selecting the positions and making other arrangements for one of them, and I would suggest that you would, in the meantime, make any general preparation for carrying the order into effect that may seem advisable to you. A bonded quartermaster will be placed in charge of each infirmary, with power to employ whatever surgeons may be necessary. By the time this reaches you you will, I suppose, have assumed command of Ferguson's division, and I therefore forward his papers through you.

I am, general, very respectfullyservant,

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, March 2, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

Major Norman W. Smith has been ordered to turn over to you all the horses he has or can collect, to the exclusion of all other demands. It

