
carried so far that self-defense may require you to attack, and I can assure you the evidence in my possession is ample to convict of disobedience of orders, neglect of duty, and want of cordial co-operation and support, which resulted in all the disasters after Chickamauga. This matter is worthy of your consideration. General Law has seen me on the subject, as far as his command is concerned. General Benning, I learn, is equally sore, and under the ban of authority because he prefers his country to a faction.

Wishing you every success and happiness, I am, truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[31.]
HEADQUARTERS,March 5, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just finished an official letter setting forth the projected campaign of the President and General Bragg.* It does not look very inviting to me, and from here it looks very much less so to you. Your facilities for rapid movements may have been so much improved, however, since I was with that army, that you may be able to accomplish the object in view. There is one serious objection to the move, or it looks so to me. If the enemy shoud slip in behind you and fortify strongly, both armies (yours and mine) will be obliged to disperse in the mountains and many of us perish, or surrender to the enemy without a fight. It may be that this would be sport to some people, but I confess that I should not enjoy it at all. However, the idea may be beyond my comprehension. I shall wait, therefore, for your opinions upon the matter.

I remain, very truly and sincerely, your friend.

J. LONSGREET.

[32.]

DALTON, March 7, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

Colonel Holtzclaw has been strongly recommended for the vacancy made by Moore's resignation. I suggest his immediate appointment. The brigade is in great need of its permanent commander. Since recent skirmishing the enemy has been occupying the Rnggold Pass with his forces.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 7, 1864.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Greenville, East Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have been desirous for some days past of communicating more fully to you my views than it has been practicable to do by telegraph, that you might better understand the reasons for what has been done and advise me as to what is proposed. Martin's command of cavalry has been ordered to return to General Johnston to meet his pressing necessities for this arm of the service, repeatedly expressed, and to aid in cutting the enemy's communication between Chattanooga and Knoxville, which you had urgently requested might

---------------

*See VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 587.

---------------

