
this ought to be an object worthy of your consideration, but how to do it may be a perplexed question. Let me say that, so far as I have heard from all sources, if General Beauregard could be spared from Charleston and permitted to come here and take command of the army in Mississippi and Alabama, it would inspire confidence and rouse up enthusiasm amongst our people and our troops. I say this only from the universal expression both from the army and from civilians. In reference to General Maury every one is satisfied with him. I have not heard a word of censure or complaint against him. But in reference to General Polk, I hear but one expression-that he cannot inspire the army or the country with confidence. Now, if the condition of things be such as to justify Beauregard leaving Charleston and coming in person to Mobile, and to the Army of Mississippi, his resence might and woud, in my judgment, be of inestimable benefit. You might arrange the limits of his command so as to permit him to come here possibly without prejudice to our army in Charleston. I beg of you to consider this as an effort on my part to put you in possession of the state of things as they actually exist, that you may be enabled to judge correctly in reference to them. If you think proper you may show this to the President. Aside from the raid of Sherman and scarcity of provisions, we should be in good spirits; but let Beauregard come if possible.

Yours, very respectfully,

E. S. DARGAN.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 16, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President, as from an intimation of the letter I infer such to be the writer's wish.

I have no other intimation of the alleged dissatisfaction with General Polk.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Read and returned to the Secretary of War, who knows the position and response of General Beauregard.

I have little knowledge of dissatisfaction with General Polk, and still less of any just ground of it.

J. D.

[32.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S DIVISION, Numbers 10. Bull's Gap. Tenn., March 8, 1864.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 58, from department headquarters, I hereby relinquish the command of Hood's division to Major General C. W. Field. In parting with the gallant men with whom I have been for a short time associated, I cannot withhold an expression of regret that I could not remain longer with you. Coming amongst you as a comparative stranger you have given me your full confidence and support, and your high qualities of soldiership have attracted my constant admiration. In parting with you now let me ask you to correct the few irregularities which have crept into your discipline and which are not entitled to a place amonst such veterans as yourselves, and it will be difficult to find in the world a body of patriots who can equal you

