
in soldierly qualities; none can be found who are your superiors. Let me bespeak for the gallant officer who succeeds me in the command the same confidence and support you have extended to me.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

[32.]

MOBILE, ALA., March 9, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have devoted the past sixteen days to the inspection, supervision, and direction of the defenses of this city. I have also prepared in great detail precise instructions for the government of the engineer officers in the further construction of works designed to give greater security to Mobile. Having completed this labor, I start this morning with the consent and approval of Major-General Maury, commanding Department of the Gulf, on my return to Savannah, Ga., to give by personal control a proper direction to the defenses of that city, as they are far from being as complete as they ought to be. From the most reliable information we can obtain here it is not probable that the enemy can attack this place with land forces at an early day. Every effort is being made to give additional strength to the outer line of harbor defenses, which can be made, in my opinion, strong enough by the batteries under construction, aided by sawyers, torpedoes, and ropes, to keep the enemy's fleet outside the lower bay. If at the same time a show of naval stgrenght be made on our part, I will feel the greater confidence that the enemy will not attempt to force the passage. General Maury hopes to have such support from Admiral Buchanan, commanding the naval forces on this station.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Engineer Bureau.

[32.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 9, 1864.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Greeneville, Tenn.:

Your letter of the 5th has been received.* Answer has been sent.+

[32.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 17. Canton, Miss., March 12, 1864.

I. Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 3, from headquarters Cavalry West of Alabama, is hereby revoked, and Brigadier General Wirt Adams will in future report direct to these headquarters. He will post his brigade at some point convenient to forage and water within ten miles south of Raymond, and will effectually cover his front with scouts. Hew ill also establish a courier line from Gallatin, the terminus of Colonel Dillon's line, through his headquarters to Jackson.

II. Brigadier General S. W. Ferguson will resume command of his brigade, and will scout from the direction of Clinton toward Big Black, keeping his front well covered. He will also establish a courier line from Jackson to this point.

---------------

*Probably Longstreet to Lee, VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 586.

---------------

+See March 7, p. 634.

