
III. Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding division, will have scouts thrown out from Colonel Starke's brigade to the front toward Big Black.

IV. The object of the above disposition is to allow the command to be rested and recruited, and the horses to be shod and put in good order. To attain this end every effort will be made by division and brigade commanders. In addition to the scouts a picket will be thrown out from each brigade to effectually prevent surprises on the part of the enemy.

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 14, 1864.

J. C. S. Blackburn is hereby authorized to enlist a company of men, not to exceed fifty in number, for special service on the Mississippi River. The men to be enlisted and mustered in for the war, to be subject to being disbanded at the will of the Department, to be governed by the rules and regulations made for such organizations and the restrictions which may be prescribed, and be under the orders of the officers commanding the military departments and districts within which they may operate. Transportation will be furnished to places of rendezvous and of operations, and subsistence as to other troops, and military officers are requested to afford such aid and facilities to this service as may be convenient and deemed by them expedient. Departmental or amry commanders may, at their discretion, detail volunteers, whether officers or men, for special enterprises or temporary service. In lieu of pay or other compensation, they will receive such percentage of the value of the property of the enemy destroyed by them as may be awarded by an officer or officers selected by this Department and charged with such duty, in no case to exceed 50 per cent. of such value. They elect to serve for pay which is to be deducted from the compensation herein provided. When not less than twenty-five men have been enlisted and mustered in for the war, as above mentioned, Mr. Blackbourn will receive a commission as captain in the Provisional Army without pay.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[32.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Harris H. Johnston is hereby auhtorized to enlist a company of men, not to exceed fifty in number, for special service on the Mississippi River. The men to be enlisted and mustered in for the war, to be subject to being disbanded at the will of the Department, to be governed by the rules and regulations made for such organizations and the restrictions which may be prescribed, and be under the orders of the officers commanding the military departments and districts within which they may operate. Transportation will be furnished to places of rendezvous and of operations, and subsistence as to other troops, and military officers are requested to afford such aid and facilities to this

