
Nashville, April 22, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Can you send me an experienced ordnance officer to supervise, for a short time, the casting, testing, &amp;c., of ordnance? It is indispensable.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 22, 1861.

Governor ISHAM G. HARRIS, Nshville:

Will send you ordnance officer as soon as one can be had. You may rely on this.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, April 22, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Not less than 25,000 troops have tendered me their sservices. If you can furnish arms, I can bring into the field from Tennessee 50,000 in thirty days. You understand my mission here.

GID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]

KNOXVILLE, April 22, 1861.

Honorable R. TOOMBS:

Please ask your Secretary of War to send us up 1,000 stand of arms from Augusta, to arm a regiment commanded by Colonel Cummings. We have no arms in Tennessee. We want to send our troops either to the banks of the Mississippi River or to Washington City, as exigencies may require. Send blank muster-rolls and pay-rolls. Please answer.

JOHN H. CROZIER.

[4.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, April 22, 1861.

Captt. W. S. WALKER,

Monticello, Fla.:

SIR: At your earliest convenience you will repair to Memphis, Tenn., and there establish a reccruiting rendezvous for the Army of the Confederate States. As that State has not yet formally constituted itself a part of this Confederacy, you will exercise due caution in carrying on your duties. It is not apprehended, however, that you will meet with any serious difficulty in procuring the servces of good men nor be interrupted in your duties. The men are to be engaged and properly examined by a competent medical man, after passing which examination they are to be sent in squads to Baton Rouge Barracks, to report to Captain Frazer, by whom they will be inlissted and supplied with clothing. In addition to your dutie s at Memphis you will establish branch rendezvous on a convenient line of communication with that city within a distance of 100 miles, more or less, at such points as by obseervation you may deem well adapted for engaging good men.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

