
is time enough for an able general to decide what he will do with an army when he has it in hand. Able plans announced in advance are never executed; some element of success is lost by time in a world of change. No side schemes will do. This is the road to the seat of the mechanical means and the store-houses of provision. To lose it is to turn our armies into wandering bands. Why this feverish desire to advance on this line I cannot conceive. The enemy were never so well posted on any frontier opposite the Army of Tennesdee as at present. Chattanooga a fortress, and Knoxville fortified, and their line of communication barred to us by a river and a chain of barren mountains, and all these defended by an army not only stronger than our own, but as strong in comparison with this army as it was when we yielded Tenensee and Chattanooga and Knoxville. What right have we on such a plan to hope for success-I will not say count on such a result? But still I am fixed in my faith. I do not know how soon the Government will yield to the better plan; but so firmly am I convinced that Joe will succeed that though the seeming perversity annoys, it don't discourage me. I would like to see a force here that would give earnest of success. If they won't send it now. I believe we will do something with the lesser that will force them to listen again to the country, and take his advice, as before they put him in position.

* * * * * *

The army could not be in better condition; the numbers are not increasing.

* * * * * *

As to your resigning, I think you would be doing wrong. You are very important to the general, though not engaged now in the office. You know he has moods in which one man and then another can do great good; and if we move to the front, or right or left, he must have at Atlanta an officer to whomhe can intrust large authority. I have read Longstreet's letter.* It won't work. It is simply this: Form an army in East Tennessee, and, by its movement into Kentucky, draw the enemy back into Tennessee. This he assumes as a certain result; but suppose the enemy so discourterous as having a superior army, with its head bent toward your vitals, and to persist on going on, is it no possible that he mkight draw you back, and you arrive too late?

Yours, truly,

W. W. MACKALL.

[NOTE.-All purely personal matter omitted.]

[32.]

RICHMOND, March 23, 1864.

General JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

Grant's orders assuming command announce his departure for the Army of the Potomac.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[32.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 23, 1864.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN:

(Through General J. E. Johnston, Dalton, Ga.)

GENERAL: Your letter of resignation of 27th ultimo is received. General Johnston remarks in forwarding it that he performs that duty

---------------

*See VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 637.

---------------

