
with much regret, esteeming you an officer of great merit; and the Secretary of War in submitting it to the President expresses his high appreciation of your energy and ability and his reluctance to recommend its acceptance. The subject being thus before the President, I am instructed to inform you that in the absence of your reasons for the step you propose, and in the face of such as are above suggested, the President is constrained to decline accepting your resignation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, March 24, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: It would be very greatly to the advantage of the Confederate States to complete the road from Blue Mountain, Ala., to Rome, Ga. The difference in the transportation of troops and supplies, so far as expense is concerned and expedition, makes the completion of this road a military necessity. If this road had been completed two months since Sherman never could have got back to the Missssippi River with his army. The expense save to the Government would in six months more than pay for the building of the road. Besides, the foundries in Georgia are now almost entirely dependent for coal on the mines of Alabama. If this road is completed there is a direct route from the coal mines to the foundries and work-shops of the Government. The route now from Montevallo to Selma, thence by river to Montgomery, and thence by railroad to West Point, and thence to Atlanta. In this circuitous route bulk has to be broken three times. A glance at the map will satisfy you that this road should be at once completed. I trust it needs but a suggestion to induce you to give the matter your attention.

I have the honor to remain, your friend and obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS.

[32.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 6. Benton, Miss., March 25, 1865.

At his own request, and on account of injury to his eyesight from constant writing, Captain George Moorman is hereby relieved from duty as assistant adjutant-gneeral of this division, and will report for orders to Major General S. D. Lee. In parting with Captain Moorman, after so long and very pleasant social connection, the brigadier-general commanding takes this occasion to tender his warmest thanks for the able manner in which he has discharged every duty, and desires to express his high admiration of his many soldierly qualities. The general regrets the separation and commends Captain Moorman to the notice of his superior officers for zeal, industry, energy, close attention to business, efficiency, and gallantry upon the field, which qualities, added to his pleasant address as a gentleman, eninently fit for any duty or position to which he may be assigned. He wishes him all success in every undertaking.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[32.]

