
at the head of his command, a hero, regretted by all. Colonel A. P. Thompson, Third Regiment Kentucky Volunteers and commanding Third Brigade, will long be remembered by all who knew hisnoble deeds and heroic death. With a force less than that of the enemy within the stockade, you in an exposed situation, with your skirmishers, silenced his guns, caused one of the gun-boats to withdraw from action, fearful of the accuracy of your fire, captured and destroyed immense stores, quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance, and inflicted upon him a loss of 27 killed and from 79 to 80 wounded, besides capturing 64 prisoners; your own loss being 10 killed and 40 wounded. The general commanding feels proud of the division and releis on your courage, your fortitude, and your discipline to hold the future of Kentucky, aided as you will be by your friends, now flocking to your ranks.

A. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

[32.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEE'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT, Numbers 28. Canton, Miss, March 28, 1864.

I. Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to the command of the brigade of Brigadier General S. W. Ferguson and of the brigade at present commanded by Brigadier General Wirt Adams, which brigades will hereafter constitute a division, and be known as Armstrong's Cavalry Division.

II. Brigadier General Wirt Adams is transferred from his present command to the command of the Mississippi brigade, of Jackson's division, and will report to Brigadier General W. H. Jackson for assignment as soon as he is relieved from his present command by an officer to be designated from these headquarters.

III. Colonel R. C. Wood's regiment of cavalry and Adams' brigade is transferred from that brigade to the Mississippi brigade, Jackson's division. Its commanding officer will report at once with his regiment to Brigadier General W. H. Jackon, commanding division, at Benton.

IV. Colonel H. P. Mabry, Third Texas Cavalry, will report at once to these headquarters for assignment to temporary duty.

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]

JACKSON, April 1, 1864.

(Via Mobile. Received 2d.)

President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Free conference with General Lee of this department. He is fully impresed by information deemed reliable that the army corps now being sent from this department is to re-enforce Army of Potomac, to operate against Richmond. No early advance of the enemy in this quarter threatened or apprehended.

E. BARKSDALE.

[32.]

