
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,

Canton, Miss., April 2, 1864.

I. The following movements and disposition of the troops of this command will be made at the time and in the manner specified below, viz:

1. Brigadier-General Jackson's division will move early on the morning of the 4th istant, or as soon thereafter as practicable, by the most direct route from its present position to Macon, Miss., or to some point on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad within thirty miles north of that place, as may be most suitable for forage. General Jackson will leave a party of about fifty scouts to cover his front, until they can be relieved by some other command.

2. Ferguson's brigade, of Armstrong's division, will move at the time mentioned above by the most direct route to Macon, Miss; Lieutenant Coffey's scouts will remain in their position until relieved by Colonel Mabry.

3. Mabry's brigade, of Armstrong's division, will move at the time above mentioned from its present position to Madison Station, and will remain there for the purpose of protecting this line. Brigadier-General Armstrong will direct Colonel Mabry to relieve Lieutenant Coffey's scouts, near Big Black bridge, as soon as possible after the movement is commnced. The scouting from Mabry's brigade will be continued as heretofore.

* * * * * * *

IV. Owens' battery, of Ferguson's brigade, will remain at Calhoun Station, subject to the order of Brigadier-General Armstrong.

V. Jackson's division and Ferguson's brigade, of Armstrong's division will march with five days' rations. The movement will be made on their part in the expectation of it being permanent. The dismounted men will accompany their commands on the march.

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]

ABINGDON, April 3, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

When I arrived in Richmond I called on the President for the purpose of urging upon him the justice of restoring my command. In the course of our conversation on this subject I incidentally mentioned the expedition which was intended against Nashville, and the President replied that he was not aware of such an expedition having been projected. He then summoned General Bragg and inquired of him if he knew anything of the matter. He said he did not, this being the first information he had ever had on the subject. I deem it my duty to mention to you this interviw, as you were so very kind as to write to me explaining the cause of my being ordered to this department and expressing your regret at our separation. I assure you, general, that you do not regret it more than I do, as I felt when I was ordered to report to you that I would have no difficulty in obtaining all that would be necessary to render my command efficient. I will take occasion to mention here that from information I have just obtained from one of my officers who escaped from the Nashville penitentiary about the 1st

