
of March that there would have been no difficulty in reaching Nashville and accomplishing all that was intended, as there were not more than 300 troops there at the time, most of whom were negroes.

With many thanks for the kind and complimentary expressions contained in your letter, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN.

[32.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEE'S CAVANumbers 32. Canton, April 4, 1864.

I. Paragraphs I, II, and III, Special Orders, Numbers 28, current series, from these headquarters, are hereby revoked and the following is substitued therefor:

I. Brigadier General Wirt Adams will, during the absence of the major-general commanding, assume command of this department.

II. Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong is assigned to the command of the Mississippi brigade, of Jackson's division, and will report to Brigadier-General Jackson for orders.

III. Wood's regiment, cavalry, will remain in its present position near Benton, and its commanding officer will report to Brigadier-General Adams at Canton for orders. He will also at once relieve the scouts from Jackson's division, who will report to their respective commands.

IV. The Second Mississippi Regiment Cavalry, Mabry's brigade, is transferred from that brigade to the Mississippi brigade, Jackson's division. Its commanding officer will move to Canton to-morrow morning, procure a supply of ammunition for his regiment, and thence proceed at once to join his command, which is moving toward Grenada.

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[32.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 80. Richmond, April 5, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XX. Colonel George W. Brent, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed to the department under the command of Lieutenant General L. Polk on a tour of inspection, under special instructions from General Braxton Bragg.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

DALTON, April 6, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

General Wheeler's scouts report seventy-four car-loads of troops from Knoxville to Chattanooga in the last three days.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

