
will be labor lost, and was much more opposed to it after he was ordered away with a portion of his force. He, however, ordered General Adams to give us the cavalry force, if you reissued the order after getting the dispatches. Labor is exceedingly scarce here, but I think it can be obtained. Major Whitfield was also exceedingly anxious to go to Southern road first. I hope you will instruct him to return here as soon as the Southern road is through. I go from here to North Mississippi to hear from and probably remove my family. Will return and join Whitfield in two weeks. By that time I hope he will be through on Southern road and ready to go to work here. The work on that road is all bridging, and will need no attention from me. I will return here before I am wanted, and in the meantime will get all the forces to work on this road that I can by hiring. Major W. is opposed to impressing without keeping the negroes under his own charge and under guard, and there is not a sufficient force here now thtat can be spared to impress and guard the negroes.

Yours, truly,

SAM TATE.

[32.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 30. Near West Station, Miss., April 6, 1864.

I. Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong, having reported to these headquarters for duty in compliance with orders from headquarters Lee's Cavalry Department, is hereby assigned to command of the First Brigade of this division.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

J. H. MARTIN,Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

DALTON, April 8, 1864.

General BRAGG, Richmond:

The 1,000 mules promised us from Mississippi by Major Norman W. Smith he now reports will not come. Nashville papers report McPherson near Stevenson, which indicates troops from Mississippi.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

DALTON, April 8, 1864.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

Proceed without delay to Richmond and explain to the commander-in-chief the matters orally committed to you.

Your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[32.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 85. Richmond, April 12, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. Major Thomas H. Hays, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed without delay to the Army of Tennessee and make special inspec-

