
Our command is in fine health and spirits, and we find in the country plenty of meat and bread. I hope to be able to report entire success in our operations in Jones and other counties, for which I leave here to-morrow. My information is that men are leaving for their commands from all the adjoining counties for thirty miles around.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ROBT. LOWRY,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

P. S. - I will report as soon as practicable my operations in Jones and other counties, and say to the lieutenant-general that I would like to have the prisoners sent form here belonging to the two regiments with me, now confined at Demopolis, sent to their brigade and kept under guard.

Respectfully,

R. L.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT LORING'S DIVISION,Raleigh, Miss., April 10, 1864.

To the CITIZENS OF SMITH COUNTY:

I came among you a few days since for the purpose of correcting evils which had well nigh destroyed your county. On my arrival I found your sheriff had been run from his home and duties, and that deserters and absentees had the ascendency in your county. You are now free from this curse, and if you will now perform your duties as patriots and freemen you will remain so. Let each man feel that he has an individual duty to discharge and let him do it fearlessly and to the letter. When you find in your midst a deserter, secure and send him to his command. If loyal citizens are ordered from their homes by a band of marauders and house-burners, treat them as outlaws and common enemies to mankind. When our indepndence shall be gained and an unbiased history of this war written, do not have your children to feel disgraced because of the action of their sires. Your county has sent many soldiers to the field. Numbers have won for themselves proud names and stand deservedly high in their commands, and it is the imperative duty of those at home to maintain good order, execute the laws, andhave a well-regulated community. Our soldiers in the Army are enthusiastic and determined. All have the most perfect confidence in the distinguished commander of this department, Lieutenant-General Polk. Then let us work in concert together and we will soon again breathe the pure air of liberty.

ROBERT LOWRY,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, April 14, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of 2nd April+ and can well appreciate the embarrassment you feel in regard to your cavalry force. The Department is greatly disappointed in its expectatins, based on

---------------

* See Jack to Lowry, VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 820.

---------------

+ See VOL. XXXII, Part III, p. 739.

