
Lieutenant-General Longstreet's reports of Major-General Martin's command. From what Colonel Ewell now tells me, there is great neglect-nay, criminality-somewhere in that orgainzaton, and it is hoped you will not allow it to pass without a thorough investigation. The loss of so many arms cannot be owing to regular casualty of service. Accounts of the most lamentable character reach me from West North Carolina of the conduct of this command in passing through that country. I inclose you a copy of a letter from a highly respectable citizen of Cahrleston, whose family has fled to Asheville. For the sake of our own cause and for the defense of outraged humanity it is hoped you may be able to locate the responsibility. If on no one else, certainly the commanders of the troops can be ascertained. Their ignorance of such public and repeated outrages would be nearly as criminal as direct complicity. Whenever it shall be practicable I will endeavor to see your wishes in regard to General Clayton's command gratified. Lieutenant-General Polk's estimates and his official returns vary materially. The last return gives his effective cavalry at a little over 7,000 for the whole department.

Respectfully, general, &amp;c.,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[32.]
HEADQUARTERS,Columbus, Miss., April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Lee directs that you will move your division to-morrow morning toward Tuscaloosa, Ala., via Pickensville and Bridgeville. You had better encamp to-morrow night near Pickensville, twenty-three miles from this place, where it is understood there is a large amount of Government corn. Mr. Green I. Hill, of this place, has offered to go ahead, as far as Tuscaloosa, and forage for the command, if a quartermaster is sent with him. The general wishes you to send on a quartermaster with him at once, in order that the necessary arrangements may be made. Mr. Hill may be found at the old stage stand in town. The general wishes you also to detail from your division ten men-ten carpenters-to report to the commanding officer at Gainesville for duty with Captain Wintter, chief engineer. If suitable men cannot be found in the dismounted squad the detail must be made from the command at large. Your remaining dismounted men the general wishes you to send by rail to Montevallo, Ala., there to await future orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Indorsement.]

MARTIN:

Issue these orders at once. See that the carpenters report to you to-day. Tell Paul to send this man Hill with the quartermaster. Corn at Pickensville; also twenty-seven or twenty-eight miles this place, and at Tuscaloosa. All dismounted men under a field officer and one or two lieutenants, with the baggage, tents, &c., to be sent by rail to Montevallo. Tell Slover the command will start with seven days' rations, and he will go ahead to Tuscaloosa to make arrangements to

