
supply the command. Issue orders to brigade commanders that commands will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow-Ross in advance. I do not wish a man left in town to-morrow morning.

W. H. J.

[32.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 11. Columbus, Miss., April 14, 1864.

I. The First Brigade of this division, commanded by Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong, will in future be known as "Armstrong's Brigade."

II. The Second Brigade of this division, commanded by Brigadier General L. S. Ross, will in future be known as "Ross' Brigade."

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

J. H. MARTIN,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[32.]

DALTON, April 15, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond:

Scouts report thirteen regiments recently arrived at Ringgold, averaging above 500, and preparing for marching. They report troops arrived at Cleveland from Knoxville under Howard, commanding Fourth Corps.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[32.]

RICHMOND, April 15, 1864.

General R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Bristol, Tenn.:

SIR: I beg to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 5th instant and to assure you that I appreciate the difficulties by which you are surrounded. It is truly lamentable to realize the necessity of transporting corn from Georgia, almost around the Confederacy, to a point near the border of Georgia again. And yet this does seem to be a necessity, if we must retain troops in that region. We are now feeding everything in and around Richmond, and all General Lee's army (about to be increased by Longstreet's command), with the products of South Carolina and Georgia, and the problem we are trying to solve can scarcely be contemplated without alarm. All private travel has been stopped on main lines of railway, and the trains devoted to the Government. Nothwithstanding all this, how can we ever accumulate with so many mouths open for every pound of grain or meat that arrives? All the trains over the Danville and Greensborough route have been devoted for several weeks exclusively to the supply of General Longstreet's command, and it is hoped that he will leave you a small supply of grain when he moves his corps to Charlottesville. I will use every exertion to keep you supplied for a month, as you desire, and sincerely hope that time you can draw your forage elsewhere than from the far South. I will be pleased to hear from you at any time.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[32.]

