
RICHMOND, April 18, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

A large brigade ordered from Mobile and an equal addition made from Georgia and South Carolina by exchanging large for small regiments. General Polk telegraphs that McPherson will operate south form Decatur.*

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[32.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, April 19, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

We have a terrible state of things, growing out of sarcity of corn in upper Georgia. Soldiers' families must starve unless relief can soon be afforded. The supply in Southernwestern Georgia is being rapidly exhausted. The quartermaster-general of this State has purchased about 50,000 bushels in Central Alabama for indigent soldiers' families in Georgia. Confederate officers refuse to allow it to be shipped to Georgia. I ask that you will order them not to interfere. The Governor of Alabama consents to the shipment.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[First indorsement.]

General BRAGG:

To what prohibition does this refer?

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 20, 1864.

No "prohibition" exists against shipping corn from Alabama to Georgia. An inquiry was made by telegraph from the quartermaster at Montgomery whether he could give Government transportation to corn invoiced to the quartermaster-general of Georgia at Atlanta. He was answered that he could not, as it was not Government freight and nothing was known here of such shipments. Since that I have received a letter from the quartermaster-general of Georgia to which I have repleid, inclosing copies of my letters to the quartermaster at Montgomery and at Selma. These officers have been requested to furnish every facility consistent with the duty of this department to feed the Army. I hope Governor Brown will see those letters.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Third indorsement.]

APRIL 20, 1864.

The above will show how far Governor Brown's complaint is sustained by any action known here. If any other prohibition exists it is unauthorized.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[32.]

---------------

* Probably in reply to Johnston, Vo. XXXII, Part III, p. 789.

---------------

