
informed Captain Hough. I see many difficulties under the law of the State which directs their re-organization and the disposition of the horses belonging to the State, but they shall go over or be discharged. As the regiment of Colonel McGuirk is one of those to be transferred, it is very desirable that they should be paid the amount due them for the time they were in Confederate service (some five or six months are due them); also for pay for horses killed in battle. At least, in prospect of the great change of both regimental and company officers which may occur on the re-organization, it is necessary that they be mustered for the pay due, and the pay-rolls properly certified, and to those men who can not be re-enlisted the proper papers may be delivered to enable them to collect the amount due them. I ask you, therefore, to send an officer empowered to do this. A part of the transportation in their possession must be retained for State use. So much as can be spared will be turned over at valuation.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

I shall go to Tupelo on 29th instant.

C.

[32.]

RICHMOND, April 28, 1864.

General JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

Your tlegrams of the 24th and 25th received. Clanton's brigade of cavalry was ordered to report to you at same time Roddey was ordered away. A large brigade was ordered to you from Mobile; five regiments and three companies ordered from Savannah and Charleston to be exchanged for five small regiments. General Polk was directed to send Loring's division, if not required for immediate service. He declines, and the point has been conceded to him. That division is understood to be at this time within the limits of your geographical command, near Talladega. He applies for Cheatham's division also.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[32.]

DEMOPOLIS, April 29, 1864.

Honorable C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of Treasury, Richmond:

I am clearly of the opinion that the Government should take some immediate and decided action in regard to the cotto between the Mississippi River and the Central Railroad. The line along which cotton is accessible from the river is so long as to make it impossible to prevent its passing to the enemy by all the force that can be spared for that purpose. The effect of the trade upon our people and the troops employed to suppress it is exceedingly injurious. I urge upon the Government the duty of putting it upon the footing of other necessities, and either to impress and buy it or burn it. If that is not done it will not only be lost to us, but it will continue a cource of increasing demoralization to our people and army. It should be removed via the railroad back into the interior without delay, leaving only so much as existing plans of the Government may require.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

[32.]

