HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,DEPT. ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Tuscaloosa, Ala., May 2, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to inform you that he will to-morrow move his headquarters to Columbus, Miss., leaving you with your command at this point. The original object of the movement of the cavalry into this section was to check and advance which the enemy was expected to make from Decatur. If, therefore, any such advance is made after the general's departure you will use every effort to check it, assuming command for that purpose of General Ferguson's brigade, which is now stationed at Montevallo. If no active operations are commenced by the enemy, it is the general's wish that you should make every effort to place your command in as efficient condition as possible, in view of future active operations on our part.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK, Demopolis, Ala.:

DEAR GENERAL: I inclose you herewith a letter* addressed by Major Denis to General George B. Hodge, proposing to undertake certain secret service, including the destruction of the enemy's stores collected at Nashville for the ensuing campaign. If it be possible to destroy these stores, and thus impede, if not defeat, all his plans for some months to come, I am of the opinion that the advantage to be gained is worth great hazard in making the attempt. it is a matter, however, in which I think you best able to form an opinion as to the two chief points for consideration. First, if the enterprise be practicable, if this be the proper time to attempt it, in view of military operations in progress. Your own acquaintance with Major Denis will enable you to judge of his aptitude of rsuch work, of his skill and prudence in the choice of his agents. I therefore leave the matter to youu decision, and have referred General Hodge (who wrote to me, inclosing the letter of Major Denis) to you for conference on the matter. I have a high opinion of the qualities of General Hodge as a soldier and of his character and devotion to our cause, and would commend him to your confidnece if your conclusion on the other points should be favorable to undertaking the enterprise. The question of compensation of the agents employed ought to be left open for determination when the results are known, and when the danger and importance of the service rendered can be properly appreciated. The amount necessary to pay the expenses of the persons charged with the service can be furnished, if necessary, before their departure.

Very respectfully, and trully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1864.

General GEORGE B. HODGE,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Demopolis, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of April 23, inclosing communication from Major Denis, has been received, and has had the attention at my hands

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

