
due the importance of the proposition. In view of the fact that no information is given as to the means or agents to be employed, and as the matter comes peculiarly within the province of the commanding general, who can make himself acquainted with all the facts involved, I have thought proper to refer it to General polk for consideration and decision. General Polk has been requested to confer with you on the subject. The question should not be overlooked, how far your public services, which have rendered you conspicuous, might militate against your usefulness in carrying out the plan whose essence is secrecy.

With the assurances of my regard and esteem, I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]

RICHMOND, May 4, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

Telegram received.* Your request was yesterday anticipated. The following is extract of telegram then sent to General Jones, viz:

The enemy is reported to have almost evacuated position in your front and to have moved down on Johnston. Push your cavalry forward, ascertain and report their movements. This will also enable you to cover the roads into North Carolina, by which cavalry raids are expected there.

Jones succeeds Buckner in command. You had better telegraph him direct when necessary, sending me copy when material.

B. BRAGG.

[38.]

RICHMOND, May 4, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton:

Loring and Reynolds have been ordered to you. Send your orders to Rome. The enemy in front of General Lee are in motion and he is corresponding.+

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[38.]

DEMOPOLIS, May 4, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

General Johnston has just asked for Loring's division to be sent to Rome. I have ordered it to move via railroad to Jacksonville immediately.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

[38.]

DEMOPOLIS, May 4, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: It is important that there should be an understanding between us as to the immediate future, and I send a staff officer to your headquarters for that purpose, Captain Vanderford. You may intrust what you like to his discretion. I have your dispatch asking for Loring's division, which I have ordered forward. I have ordered French's division, 3,700 effectives, to take the place of Loring at Montevallo. Roddey

---------------

* See Johnston's first dispatch, VOL. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 659.

---------------

+ This in reply to Johnston's second dispatch, VOL. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 659.

