
now from the fields when the crop is just planted and ready for cultivation would inevitably cause the loss of a portion of the crops so essential to feed the county. We have appealed to Colonel Blount, asking that the impressment be delayed or abandoned, but without effect, and we now appeal to Your Excellency as our last resource under God to give us such measures of assistance as you can. If you refuse us, we must submit and take our chances, do our duty, and trust in Almighty Providence for the result. Under all the circumstances, we therefore pray Your Excellency that Randolph County be exempt form the operations of the impressment act. If, however, the case is so urgent and the hands are so essential to save Mobile, then ask that the impressment be delayed until fall when the crops are gathered. In case neither of these prayers can be granted, we pray that the rate be made uniform in the whole State, and we be not punished for our poverty. We would humbly suggest to Your Excellency that there are large numbers of negroes about our towns and cities (used for the pleasure of their owners, or idling about, a curse to the community, consumers, not producers) that we think might be exhausted before the agricultural labor of the county is interfered with.

Hoping that Your Excellency may favorably consider our humble prayers, we remain as ever, Your Excellency's devoted servants,

A. L. W. STROUD.

A. H. CASPER.

J. T. WILLIS.

[AND 43 OTHERS.]

[First indoresement.]

JUNE 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War.

By order of the President:

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 17, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Refer to Major-General Maury for inquiry and report.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretay of War.

[Third indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred through Lieutenant General S. D. Lee to Major-General Maury. See indorsement of Secretary of War.

By order Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meriadian, Miss., July 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Mr. F. S. Blount, chief agent for impressment, for report.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

P. ELLIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

