
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LOUISIANA, Numbers 1. Demopolis, Ala., May 9, 1864.

Under an order from His Excellency the President, and in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 70, from these headquarters, I hereby assume command of the department. All reports and papers will be sent as usual to these headquarters. The departmental staff will remain unchanged, with the exception of such members as accompanied Lieutenant-General Polk to the field.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[39.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 17, 1864.

General J. M. WITHERS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your telegram just received. The utmost activity and energy should be employed in collecting and organizing the reserves and hurrying them into positions to relieve every trained soldier that can be spared for service in the field. We are in the very crisis of our fortunes and want every man. This by the President's direction.

J. A. SEDDONN,

Secretary of War.

[39.]

A proclamation by Joseph E. Brown, Governor of Georgia.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., May 18, 1864.

I hereby require all commissioned officers of the militia of this State, including district aides-de-camp, to report immediately to Major General H. C. Wayne, at Atlanta, to receive further orders and to aid during the present emergency in driving back the enemy from the soil of this State. Neglect of oby these orders promptly will be visited by appropriate penalites. All civil officers, except those of the State House, the penitentiary, State road, the judges of the supreme, superior, and inferior courts, ordinaries, and solicitors-general, and clerks and sheriffs of courts actually in session, are requested to report to General Wayne with the least possible delay. As notice of the existence of this order, each newspaper in the State is requested to give it one insertion.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[38.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: There are in this State a number of companies, infantry and cavalry, raised and organized by authority of Brigadier-General Pillow, and attached to Conscript Bureau, and of Lieutenant-General Polk, commanding department, composed of what was at the time considered "non-conscripts," but are now embraced, under the law of the 17th of February, 1864, in the class of State reserves. Are all such companies and organizations to be embraced in the command of reserves to which I am ordered? As commanding State reserves, do I report

