
to you or am I considered as within and subject to departmental orders? If the lattery, my junior, Major General S. D. Lee, being at present in command of the department, to whom am I to report? The reserves being intended for State service and to relieve as far as possible troops for general service, who is to direct the disposition of the reserves? For instance, should it become necessary to send the reserve forces to Mobile or to occupy the line from Selma to Blue Mountain, who is to control and direct them? Major-General Maury commands at Mobile, and Major-General Lee, from his possition as departmental commander, is entitled to command in both cases, yet I am the senior of both. How can either command my troops when they have no authority to command me? Where is the directing head in this department? A junior cannot be that head. If I am not subject to department orders that does not seem to me to solve the difficulty. If the reserve force is to be placed on duty and made to supply the place of the troops now at the different posts in the State, from whom and through whom am I to obtain the necessary supplies of ordnance, subsistence, and quaartermaster's stores? Officers in each of these departments will be necessary; will these be supplied by new appointments or by assignment? My object in addressing you is simply to inform myself as to my position and duties. I must understand in order to discharge my duty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS.

[39.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers -. Near Atlanta, Ga., May 21, 1864.

I. It having been arranged that the cavalry of the Army of Tennessee will cover the right and that of the Army of the Mississippi will cover the left, you will therefore move your command so as to take position according to instructions from General Johnston's headquarters. In view of it being necessary to detail one of your brigades for operation upon the left, you will place General Ferguson's command on your extreme left to facilitate your movements; you will therefore throw the whole of your field transportations to the rear of the extreme left as promptly as possible.

II. You will collect the whole of your dismounted men and organize them into a battalion, assigning a sufficient number of officers to command them, to be fought on foot. This battalion will be attached to the command of Brigadier General John Adams, of Loring's division. This assignment is temporary, and is a choice between sending these men to Selma for the defense of that place or retaining them in the field with a purpose of their being again shortly remounted You will cause proper rolls to be prepared and the competent assignment of the company officers to be made. You will select good officers to be put in command of the battalion.

By command of Lieutenant General L. Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

RICHMOND, May 23, 1864.

General JOHNSTON,

Allatoona:

Quarles' brigade from Mobile was ordered to you on the 21st. Every disposable man has now been sent, and from the high condition in

