
which your army is reported, we confidently rely on a brilliant success. All is well here and in our front, though we have passed through a crisis of great peril by the loss at one time of our railroad communications. They are now restored. Our attention is turned with the greatest anxiety to your position.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[38.]

ATLANTA, May 23, 1864.

(Received 25th.)

General BRAGG:

General Johnston intended to fight at Cassville. A flank movement of the enemy crossing Etowah on the left, he retired to Allatoona, where the army has remained for the past two days to enable wagon trains to pass to the rear. At noon to-day rear wagon train passed Big Shanty and the army now moving down. Advance of enemy's flanking column reported at Dallas to-day, opposite and to the left of Marietta. Indications are that Chattachoochee will be the line. Our troops reported in good condition and very little straggling.

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

[38.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 24, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the instant with reference to the charges preferred by Lieutenant-General Longstreet against Brigadier-General Law. The circumstances as explained by you have changed my opinion as to the conduct of General Law. As the case originally appeared, I thought that the charges should have been tried, in justice to General Law himself, and on account of General Longstreet, whose influence with his command the action of the Department was calculated to impair. I regret that the ordinary mode of proceeding in such saces was tnot observed with reference to General Law's resignation, as all misunderstanding would have been then avoided. I appreciate, however, the reasons that induced you to pursue a different course, the consequences of which could not have been foreseen. I have the honor to inform you that before the receipt of your letter, Ihad restored General Law to the command of his brigade.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[31.]

C. S. SENATE, May 25, 1864.

Honorable Mr. SEDDON:

Now that the enemy are drawn far into Georgia would it not be a great move to order Forrest with his whole force to fall in befind the enemy and cut off his trains of supplies and make such a demonstration in his rear as will destroy his army?

Your friend,

G. A. HENRY.

