
[First indorsement.]

MAY 26, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to General Bragg for his consideration.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned.

The movement has not escaped attention and it is hoped we shall hear soon of good results.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[38.]

SELMA, May 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

There is no apprehension of a raid from Rome at present. The enemy appears to be on the defensive in that direction.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS Georgia MILITIA,Atlanta, Ga., May 28, 1864.

To the PEOPLE OF Georgia:

Your State is invaded and a portion of its most valuable territory overrun by a vindictive enemy of great strength, who is laying waste and devastating the country behind him. Unless this force is checked speedily, the property and homes of thousands must be destroyed, and they driven out as wanderers in destitutin and beggary. Our noble army needs further re-enforcements until the emergency has passed. I have summoned the civil and military officers of the State to arms, and they are promptly and nobly responding. If any of those who are subject to militia duty are remaining at home, who are able to do service, I desire the old men to report the facts to me immediately, that courts-martial may be ordered, or other proper steps taken to compel them to do their duty, or suffer the penalties. When all the officers shall have responded, more men will still be needed. I do not order out the reserve militia except at the most exposed points, because some must be left at home to make bread; and the old men from fifty to sixty and the boys under seventee, are not able, as a general rule, to endure hard service in the military field. But I do call upon all who are able for service, and can possibly be spared from home, to hasten to the field till the great battle is fought. Many have Confederate contracts, details, and exemptions, who are stout and able to do military duty, and can go to the field for a time without serious detriment to the public interest. All such, with all others able for duty, are earnestly requested to fly to arms as the State officers have done. Let each report to General Wayne, at Atlanta, and. bring with him a bed quilt or blanket and rations to last him to camp, and a good double-barreled shotgun if he has one. If not, he can be armed by the Government. Georgians, we are now in the crisis of our fate. The destiny of our posterity for ages to come may hang upon the results of the next few days. He who remains at his home now will soon occupy it as a slave,

43 R R-VOL LII, PT II

