
or be driven from it. Rally to the rescue, and till the danger is past let the watchword of every patriot be, "To arms, and to the front; " and the vandal hordes will soon be driven back.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[38.]

CONFIDENTIAL CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Near New Hope Church, June 1, 1864.

I. The army will shift its position to-night and take another in the neighborhood of Lost Mountain.

1. Hood's corps, on the right, will move by the Colgotha, or Gilgal, Church road.

2. Polk's corps, in the center, will take the New Hope and Lost Mountain road.

3. Hardee's corps, on the left, will take the roads from near Moulder's and Robinson's to Lost Mountain, halting in the neighborgood of Lewis'.

4. The REserve Artillery will take the road from near Robinson's to Lost Mountain, preceding Hardee's corps.

5. The wagon trains of each corps will be put on march at dark on the roads to be taken by their respective corps.

6. The artillery will be withdrawn at dark, except such pieces as corps commanders may think necessary to retain until the withdrawal of the infantry.

II. The troops will be withdrawn from the lines, commencing at 11 p. m., in such order as the corps commanders may direct.

III. The skirmishers will be left on the line until 2 o'clock and until the infantry of the line has been put in march. A staff officer from each division and each corps will be left to direct the movement of the skirmishers.

IV. Each corps will be preceded by a guard to prevent all straggling in the direction of the march.

V. The engineer officers of each corps will mark out the lines during the day, and be prepared to place each corps in position. Each corps will bivouac on the ground chosen in two lines, except the right division of Hood's corps, which will be in four lines. Lieutenant-General Hardee's left flank will be strengthened in the same manner.

VI. The cavalry will cover the movement of the army, keeping in close observation of the enemy-General Jackson, extending his right to the east so far as to cover the New Hope and Lost Mountain road; General Wheeler the roads from that point to the east.

VII. General Johnston will be on the road from New Hope Church to Lost Mountain.

By command of General Johnston:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 16. In the Field, June 1, 1864.

The following is announced as the staff of the division commander for the campaign: Captain E. T. Sykes, assistant adjutant-general; Captain T. B. Sykes, acting adjutant and inspector general; Captain J. W. Summerville, acting adjutant and inspector general; Major W. P. Paul, quartermaster; Captain W. A. Hall, assistant commissary of subsistence;

