
Captain Lewis bond, ordnance officer; Surg. C. N. Hawes, chief surgeon; Lieutenant J. H. Martin, aide-de-camp; Capts. George Campbell and J. A. Bozman are announced as additional aides. These officers will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[38.]

MERIADIAN, June 3, 1864. (Received 4th.)

General JOHNSTON:

Until the move from Memphis is more developed and Forrest is heard from do not deem it prudent to comply with your request. Chalmers' command is ready to move in either direction from Montevallo.*

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[38.]

IN THE FIELD, June 4, 1864.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of the State of Georgia, Atlanta:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant on the subject of impressment. The only orders I have given on the subject have been that as the army fell back and left territory to fall into the possession of the enemy everything in the way of provisins should be impressed. I did this knowing that in so doing I was not oppressing the inhabitants, from whom the enemy, now suffering for want of provisions and forage, would take everything without compensation and use it to make his farther advance more easy. Around my army I have ordered all stock and forage to be purchased, not impressed. In some cases my orders may have been exceeded by my agents, in others vilated by lawless persons. I will take pains to remedy this.

And am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[38.]

ATLANTA, June 7, 1864.

General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Army of TEnnessee, near Marietta:

Governor Brown leaves this place to-morrow morning for headquarters Army of Tennessee.

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 9, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your letter brought by Colonel White announced to me that you had sent Mrs. Davis the beautifil flag of an Illinois

---------------

* This in reply to Johnston, VOL. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 756.

---------------

