
regiment, captured with many others by your command. Colonel White informs me that the flag has been mislaid, but hopes to recover it. Allow me to return to you my thanks for this handsome trophy, won by the blood and courage of your brave men, and also for the kind personal feeling indicated in the gift.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WHEELER'S CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 4. June 10, 1864.

I. Soldiers, your commanding general has, since the organization of this corps, exerted himself to establish and maintain discipline. This is absolutely necessary for your comfort and welffare. Demagogues have falsely told you that discipline meant harsh words, harsh treatment, andhaughty bearing on the part of your officers. You have seen yourselves that it is basely false.

II. Discipline is the good soldier's greatest friend and protector. Discipline equalizes labor and requires skulkers and stragglers to do their duty, which is otherwise performed by meritorious men in addition to their own duties. Discipline requires the timid to march into action shoulder to shoulder with our brave men, wh otherwise alone bear the brunt of the contest, while the timid skulker lags back to screen himself from danger. Discipline makes you one body, which, with the brave spirits who are found in our cavalry, would make it invincible. Discipline enables your officers to see that you are properly clothed, rationed, and provided for in all respects. Discipline prevents the straggling of a few bad men, who may commit outrages upon your families and other citizens, rendering your homes desolate, and stigmatizing a thousand good soldiers by the bad conduct of a single man.

III. Officers and soldiers, it is your duty to your country and to yourselves to use every exertion to enforce discipline in all respects. You have fought bravely, you have labored and suffered, you have sacrificed your homes and property-you have but one more duty, and that duty is to maintain discipline.

IV. Captains, exact duty equally and justly frome ach soldier without favor or partiality. Colonels, hold captains strictly responsible that this duty is thoroughly performed. Brigade commanders, hold colonels strictly responsible for the discipline of their regiments. Division comanders, hold brigade commanders strictly accountable for the conduct of every member of their commands. When bad soldiers neglect their duty, see that they are punished, and if the proper officer fails to take prompt measures, it is the duty of the next commander to see that he is punshed of rhis neglect. When crime, neglect, or misconduct, however slight, is committed, punishment must follow; its certainty alone can establish discipline.

V. The laws of your country enable you to displace inefficient and incompetent officers and to supply their places with brave, meritorious, and skillful men.

By availing yourselves of this privilege there can be no difficulty in accomplishing the object so essential to the welfare of your commands.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

WM. E. WAILES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

