
GALT HOUSE, Louisville, April 24, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On my arrival here I found no difficulty in obtaining men for enlistment in the regular service but the want of authority to act in the legal form. Not having it, I am forced to report to you the cause of my not proceeding with the men to Montgomery at once. I had an interview with Governor Magoffin last night, and he gave me full permission to enlist as many as I desiired, although he has witthin the last three days discountenanced men leaving the State, owing to an antticipated necessity for their immediate service at home. If a recruiting officer was sent here I have not the least doubt that all the men required could be enlisted in a very short time. Another cause of difficulty with me has been that the railroad directors have determined to afford transportation free to Nashville alone to those who are ordered by the Southern Government, with consent of the Governor of this State for their transmission. having thus stated the reasons why I am unable to take the men I proposed to Montgomery, it may enable you to act in the future with a better knowledge of the condition of things at this place. The complete changes in the aspect of affairs here, and the hourly anticipation of an attack from Cincinnati, together with the defenseless condition of the State, which nothing but the present stirring times has brought to light since my absence from the city, has caused me to be somewhat misled. I however reiterate that if authority is sent here for enlistment, together with the proper knowledge of the pay of non-commissioned officers and privates, there will not be the slightest difficulty. I would advise that an officer well known to the people of this section be ordered here in preference to a stranger.

I am, sir, with respect, yours, &amp;c.,

ST. GEORGE CROGHAN.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to Adjutant-General, suggestively.

[L. P. WALKER.]

[Second indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 30, 1861.

Two officers (Lieutenant Hood and Lieutenant Bullock), both of Kentucky, have been assigned to recruiting duties at Louisville, under the superintendence of Captain T. H. Taylor, appointed from that State. It is believed this arrangement will suffice for the purpose suggesed in this letter.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[4.]

Nashville, April 24, 1861.

CONFIDENTIAL.]

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

DEAR SIR: I have just returned from Louisville, where I was sent by Governor Harris to look to the safety of that frontier and concert means of defense with Governor Magoffin on the Mississippi. I had a long and confidential interview with Governor Magoffin. Magoffin is a

