
organized, armed, and equipped for an emergency. This will add security, as the ninety-days' men are arriving, and constant raids are threatened. General Brandon has not reported yet.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

If the necessary measures have not already been taken, let it be promptly done, do bring out the reserves, so as to ahave them prepared for emergencies. Please return with remarks.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the President with copy of two dispatches of 29th of June to Generals Lee [Brandon] and Withers, from which it will be found that necessary measures were taken in this office at that date.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

RICHMOND, June 29, 1864.

Major General J. M. WITHERS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Call out immediately for active field service 2,000 reserve troops. Organize and report them by letter to Lieutenant General S. D. Lee, Maridian, Miss.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

RICHMOND, June 29, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM L. BRANDON,

Commanding Reserve Force, Mississippi:

Call out immediately for active field service 3,000 reserve troops. Organize and report them to Lieutenant General S. D. Lee, at Meridian, Miss.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[39.]

ATLANTA, June 28, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

I need not call your attention to the fact that this place is to the Confederacy almost as important as the heart is to the human body. We must hold it. I have done all in my power to re-enforce and strengthen General Johhnston's army, as you know. further re-enforcements are urgently needed, on account of the superior numbers of the enemy. Is it not in your power to send more troops? Could not Forrest or Morgan, or both, do more now for our cause in Sherman's rear than any where else? He brings his supplies from Nashville, over nearly 300 miles of railroad, through a rough ocutnry, over a great number of bridges. If these are destroyed, it is impossible for him to subsist his large army, and he must fall back through a broad scope of

