
country destitute of provisions, which he could not do without great loss, if not annihilation. I do not wish to volunteer advice, but so great is my anxiety for success of our arms and the defense of the State that I trust you will excuse what may seem to be an intrusion.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[38.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 29, 1864.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. I fully appreciate the importance of Atlanta, as evinced by my past action. I have sent all available re-enforcements, detaching troops even from points that remain exposed to the enemy. The siparity of force between the opposing armies in Northern Georgia is less as reported than at any other point. The cavalry of Morgan is on distant service an may fulfill you wish. Forrest's command is now operating on one of Sherman's lines of communication, and is necessary for other purposes in his present field of service. I do not see that I can change the disposition of our forces so as to help General Johnston more effectively than by the present arrangement.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[38.]

NEAR MARIETTA, June 29, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

I recommend the assignment of Major-General Lovell to the command of Stewart's division. All quiet yesterday.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[38.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 29, 1864.

General S. D. LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

Citizens of Wilkinson county on the 26th instant report: "Two raids this week. Colonel John S. Scott, with his force, was ordered away, leaving no troops here. Do not let us be abandoned." I hope you will be able to meet the necessities of the case.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF ALABAMA,Montgomery, June 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and INspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Herewith I respectfully forward as information General Orders, Nos. 1 and 2, from these headquarters, and copies of two communications received from commanding officer of conscripts for this State. In the absence of all direct authority from the War Department, I have deemed it proper to assume such as was deemed indispensable to the performance of the duty assigned me. That portion of

