
the reserves which would have organized as cavalry having been almost entirely appropriated by Brigadier-Generals Pillow and Roddey, I respectfully suggest the propriety of the eight companies now attached to the conscript service being ordered to report to me as a part of the reserve force. The services of a regiment in the norhtern portion of the State and a battalin for the counties bordering Florida are necessary for the suppression of organized bands of deserters and tories and prevention of outrages by them and small raiding parties of the enemy.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RESERVE FORCES OF ALABAMA, Numbers 1. Montgomery, Ala., May 18, 1864.

I. In obedience to paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 101, Adjutant And Inspector General's Office, dated Richmond, Va., April 30, 1864, I hereby assume command of all the reserve forces of this State, consisting of all those between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and between foty-five and fifty years of age.

II. All companies composed of persons within the ages specified in paragraph I of this order, whether organized prior to the acto of 17th of February, 1864, or since, will report to these headquarters immediately.

III. All organizations of these forces will receive orders alone from or through these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RESERVE FORCES OF ALABAMA, Numbers 2. Montgomery, Ala., June 29, 1864.

I. Enrolling officers receiving or organizing companeis of the reserve forces will not permit persons between the ages of seventeen and eighteen to be incorporated with those between the ages of forty-five and fifty. The agricultural interests of the country may require and circumstances may permit less continuous service in the field from those between forty-five and fiftyy years of age than to the younger class. The blending these two classes will prevent any distinction.

II. Companies orgainzed under General Orders, Numbers 86, June 26, 1863, and Numbers 33, March 15, 1864, Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, will be liable to such transfer as may be necessary to clear them of one or the other class, should such transfers not be disapproved by the Secretary of War.

III. Companies orgainzed under General Orders, Numbers 33, who have failed to forward duplicate muster-rolls to these headquarters will five such rolls with the enrolling officer, who, haivng examined and found them correct, will promptly forward them to Lieutenant-Colonel Lockhart, commanding conscripts, State of Alabama. Such companies, organized under commissioned officers, who are between the age of eighteen and forty-five years, will not justify enrolling officers in refusing to receive and forward the muster-rolls, or in any attempt to reorganize such companies.

IV. The reserves must be organized in accordance with the directions in General Orders, Numbers 33, heretofore referred to. Enrolling officers

