
will disregard all claims to special authority for raising commnads, unless given by the Secretary of War or these headquarters.

V. General Orders, Numbers 1, of May 13, 1864, from these headquarters, was not intended to interfere with the prompt and proper discharge of their duties by enrolling officers, nor to furnish pretext for delay to parties claiming to command orgainzed companeis. Paragraph III of said order was deemed necessary to the putting a stop to the appropriating of the reserve element in this State by parties whose only anxiety was to secure their own promotion.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General J. M. Withers:

D. E. HUGER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

OFFICE OF COMMANDANT OF CONSCRIPTS

FOR THE STATE OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, Ala., June 29, 1864.

Major General J. M. WITHERS,

Commanding Reserves, State of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request made verbally at an interview had with you this morning at your office, I have the honor to state that the organization of the reserves in Alabama is progressing steadily, but slowly. But the work of orgainzing has been very materially retarded by officers holding or pretending to hold authority from departmental commanders and other general officers to raise commands for active field service. The work has also been somewhat delayed on account of the position assumed by His Excellency the Governor of Alabama in relation to a number of the companies organized under his proclamation of February last, which companies have formed a nucleus in the counties ehere they are located, around which parties belonging to the reserve class have gathered, hoping thereby to avoid Confederate service, and in some instances to avoid making the usual bond required of overseers and other parties who would otherwise make application for exemption or detail as agriculturists. Complaints have also reached this office that your order assuming command of the reserve force of Alabama has seriously retarded the organization of the reserves, in that parties who commanded irregular companies composed of men belonging to the classes of reserves claim that they report alone to you. This order has been particularly referred to by officers on duty under my orders in the Fourth Congressional District, in which a number of companies have been formed and reported to you directly or indirectly. Upon this point I respectfully refer you to inclosed extract from a letter from Major W. T. Walthall, under date of 4th instant,* from which it will be seen that your order has been misunderstood, notwithstanding the efforts of this office to prevent it.

After having learned from you, through my adjutant, Lieutenant order was not intended to conflict with the orders under which enrolling officers were acting, Major Walthall and other officers were informed by this office that your order was not intended to conflict with the orders of the Bureau of Conscription. Upon this point your attention is respectfully invited to inclosed extract of letter from this office,* addressed to Major Walthall, under date of 27th ultimo, and to paragraph VII of inclosed circular,* issued form this office on the 9th

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

