
of June instant. Having received the decision of the honorable Secretary of War in relation to the companies of militia claimed by the Governor as indorsed upon the muster-rolls of the companies of Capts. Edmond Harison, of Monthomery, and Porter King, of Marion, which decision has been communicated to the Governor, I suppose that these companies will soon be organized under Confederate laws, as the Governor has assented to and has promised to assist in the reorganization. Recent instructions from the Bureau of Conscription touching organizations which have been communicated to officers of the enrolling service will soon correct errors on that point, but it will require some time to resore order, as numerous authorities had been granted by Lieutenant-General Polk, under which the formation of numerous new organizations had commenced. But I regret that with these obstacles removed there are still others existing in the northern portion of the State, where there are various cavalry commands on duty under Brigadier-Generals roddey, Pillow, and others, all of whom receive recruits wherever they can obtain them. In addition to this there seems to be a strong prejudice existing against reporting to Camp bucker, and I have found it impossible to properly organize the reserves without rendezvousing them. The chaotic state in which the conscription service was left by Brigadier-General Pillow has seriously embarrassed the action of the Bureau of Conscription in Alabama since it has attempted to restore order and system. I trust, however, with your valuable co-operation in the work of organizing the reserves and of corecting whatever errors may have crept into the service, that Alabama will soon be in a proper condition for the accomplishment of that end.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. LOCKHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commandant, Alabama.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

OFFICE COMMANDANT OF CONSCRIPTS,

Montgomery, Ala., June 29, 1864.

Major General J. M. WITHERS,

Commanding Reserves, &amp;c., Montgomery, Ala.:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request that I should furnish you with information as to the companies of cavalry now employed as a supporting force to the conscription service of this State, I have the honor to hand you the following letter addressed to the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription at Richmond, which gives all the points:

OFFICE COMMNDANT OF CONSCRIPT,

Montgomery, Ala., June 11, 1864.

Major C. B. DUFFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bureau of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith special report* in relation to the companies organized by Brigadier-General Pillow as a supporting force now on duty in this State. It will be observed that I now have only eight companies, the companies of Captains Poe and Cole having been incorporated into Colonel Hatch's regiment by order of Lieutenant-General Polk, and the companies of Captains Love, Roberts, and McKenzie having been ordered by Brigadier-General Pillow, under authority direct from Lieutenant-General Polk, to Richmond. In the eight companies under my orders there are 83 men over 45 years of age, 138 under 18, and 436 between 18 and 45. By the examination of the paper marked A it will be seen that many of the men claim exemption on various grounds and that to abstract the men liable to general service will break up the companies. The supporting force provided for in late orders will

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

