
patriot, and when he is prepared for resisting an invading force he will act with boldness and promptitude, as I fully believe. He is, however, in a very helpless condition. He has only about 4,000 arms (old muskets rifled) and no heavy artillery, but has sixty five pieces of field artillery. He is without any powder, and no means of gettiing any. Feeling himself in a position of great peril, I am satisfied that he has for the present made terms with Lincoln by agreing to occupy neutral ground. his understanding was brought about by Governor Dennison, through Key, of Ohio, as the agent. He would not agree to erect batteries any where, as he thought that would be regarded as a breach of his neutral ground, nor would he agree that others should do so. The consequence is that Columbus, on the Mississippi, will remain in its present exposed condition.

By order of Governor Harris I proceed in the morning to Memphis and other points on the Mississippi to push up the work of constructing batteries; two, one at Randolph and the other five miles by land above Memphis, which, when completed and armed and manned, will effectually command that river and make itt impossible for the forces of Lincoln to pass below that river and make it impossible for the forces of Lincoln to pass below that point-Randolph. I willalso cut off the railroad communication from Columbus down into Tennessee, either by bringing south all the locomotives and rolling-stock of the company, or else by done before I leave that end of the State. Our people are rapidly organizing, and we will in a short time have an immense force in the field; but though Governor Harris has made extraordinary exertions, he is still unable to arm them. Our Legislature meets to-morrow, and I have myself drawn a bill (wich we think can push riight through) empowering the Governor to raise 50,000 volunteers and appropriating $5,000,000, and if necessary to call out the whole military force of the State, so that Tennessee will be seen to be in earnest. Your dispatch to Governor Harris asking for troops was submitted to me,, and I did not hesitate to advise him to respond promptly to your call, which was done.

Bell, in a public speech, has at last come out fully for the South. He heldd back as long as public opinion would tolerate him. We are see will soon be so, or nearly so. Etheridge attempted to make a speech at Paris yesterday, but was prevented by the people after a short conflict with pistols, in which four men were wounded and one killed. Johnson has at lasst returned to East Tennessee, and had his nose pulled on the way; was hissed and hooted at all along on his route. Knowing how well you and the President will enjoy these manifestations of popular favor to the Senator, I hope you will pardon me for troubling you witth the narrative. His power is gone, and henceforth there will be nothing left but the stench of the traitor.

After what I have said above I need scarcely caution you against gets hiis household better regulated. He is surrounded by Black Republicans, and they know everything that passes on the wires to him. Beware, therefore! I condemn and utterly abhor his neutral policy, or rather his alliance with Lincoln; but yet I am satisfied that he will ultimately break the shackles with which he is now manacled. At present, however, we need not count upon his co-operation in anything.

Lincoln is concentrating a large force at Cairo, cutting off supplies and isolating Missouri. The force is armed with everything indicating

