
RICHMOND, VA., July 12, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

General Johnston has failed, and there are strong indications that he will abandon Atlanta. He urges that prisoners should be removed immediately from Andersonville. It seems necessary to relieve him at once. Who should succeed him? What think you of Hood for the position?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[38.]

NEAR ATLANTA, July 12, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Richmond:

Your dispatch of yesterday in cipher is received.* My information concerning cavalry in Department of Mississippi was received from Lieutenant-General Polk. I am sure that Your Excellency will hold me justified for having believed the statement of such a soldier, just from the command of those troops. I have not been able to make such a detachment as you indicate to operate n Sherman's rear. The enemy outnumbers us so greatly that it could at no time have been done without great hazard. My proposition to employ 4,000 of General Lee's cavalry for the object was based on the belief that Sherman could in this way be compelled to retreat, and that the safety of the Department of Mississippi, as well as of this, depends on defeating his expedition.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[38.]

MONTGOMERY, July 12, 1864.

The PRESIDENT:

All reserves in Ninth congressional District ordered to Mobile; in addition, the five companies have been ordered to Pollard and twenty to Mobile. A regiment is at West Point guarding bridge. Shall that be ordered to Mobile?

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

[39.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 13, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

General Bragg reached Atlanta this morning Hope to hear from him as to affairs. It is a sad alternative, but the case seems hopeless in present hands. The measures are surely adequate if properly emploeyed; especially the cavalry force is ample.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[38.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., July 13, 1864.

President DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: The threatened condition of this State manifestly requiring that the most prompt and energetic means should be resorted to

---------------

* See Davis' first dispatch, VOL. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 875.

---------------

