
for the purpose of calling out and organizing the reserved forces, I called on General Withers yesterday to converse with him in regard to it. He is determined to do all he can to speed the organization of this force, but feels embarrassed, as I gathered from the tone of his conversation, by the want of a specification of his powers and duties from the War Department. he informs me that some time since he had endeavored by two written communications to obtain this, and more recently by telegrams, but without replies. This may have resulted from the failures of the mails, but I have thourght it not improper to bring the ematter to your attention, as detriment might result to the service from a misapprehension of his authority and jurisdiction in the premises. Our crops are good and promise and abundant supply, and the people are hopeful.

Very truly, your friend,

W. P. CHILTON.

[Indorsements.]

JULY 21, 1864.

Adjutant-General for remarks.

J. D.

I have not seen the communications of General Withers within referred to. If they have been received please let me have them. Possibly they have been addressed to the Secretary of War or to General Preston. Cause inquiry to be made in both offices. I cannot imagine what further instructions General Withers can possibly require; he has the whole matter of reserves in Alabama in his own hands.

S. C.

[39.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 13, 1864.

General J. M. WITHERS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your telegram of yesterday received. The regiment at West Point is necessary there. It would be better to make needful additions to the force at MObile from other quarters.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 13, 1864.

Honorable B. H. HILL:

SIR: In order to have the basis on which to found an official recommendation to the President, it is desirable to have in an authentic form substance of the communication made by you in your recent interviews relative to your conferences with General Joseph E. Johston and the statements and opinions expressed by him. I have therefore endeavored in the following statement faithfully to recall and embody the substance of such communication, and, lest I should have misunderstood or inaccurately remembered any mateial matter, I submit it for your examination, and should be pleased to have it confirmed, or if erroneous in any particular, correct it and properly present it by yourself:

I understood you to say that, being summoned by Governor Brown, of your State, and urged to write to the President to induce the rendering

