
said that before it came to that extremity there must be great battles fought, but at no tother time no rin any other view did he seem to contemplate the probability of his fighting, and he avowed his belief he would not be allowed the opportunity to do so without attacking the enemy in his intrenchments, to which he did no tfeel his army to be equal. At the time of your conference, General Johnston, being at Kenesaw Mountain, expected to be compelled to fall back again, but believed he should do so slowly, making several stands between that point and the Chattahoochee. you expected, therefore, that at leat a month or more must elapse before the retreat, if it continued to be made, would reach that river. GeneralJohnston was aware of your purpose to communicate the result of your conference to the President and the Department, and made his representation that they might be possessed of his deliberate views as to the facts and prospects of the campaign. May I ask your early reply to the foregoing, as prompt action is demanded by the exigencies of the situation?

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[38.]

JULY 14, 1864.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your instructions of June 4,* proceeded to East Louisiana and Southern Mississippi, locating myself for a few days in each of the towns of Magnolia, Summit, Liberty, Clinton, TAngipahoa, and Woodville. I not only questtioned officers in regard to the abuses alleged to have characterized the administration of military afairs in the counties of Amite and Wilkinson and the parishes of East and West Feliciana, but sought interviews with the most prominent and respectable citizens, informing them of the efforts the Executive was making to correct any abuses which might exist, aand urging them to bring to my notice any and all causes of complaint. I encountered from the first a feeling of apathy, which seemed to pervade to a great extent the entire community. I was told that repeated made in vain to obtain redress, and that they were convinced it was a waste of time and would subject them to new outrages to come forward with complaints. I assured them of the earnest and fixed desire of the President to redress their grievances and prevent their recurrence in future, and finally obtained information enough at least to enable me, I hope, to convey to the mind of Your Excellency some idea of the condition of affairs in this district.

ILLEGAL IMPRESSMENTS.

Many complaints in regard to illegal impressments were not well founded or the objections well taken. The complaints, if entitled to any credit or consideration, would be in regard to the impressment laws themselves rather than the manner in which they have been executed. As an illustration, I beg leave to refer your Excellency to the case of William Hopson, by his attorney, Fourinquet, against Captain Englesing, quartermaster, charged with purchasing duties, marked as Exhibit Numbers 3+ In that case the quartermaster was justified in coming to the conclusion that the leather was in transit for speculation, and

---------------

* See VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 636.

---------------

+ Omitted.

