HEADQUARTERS,Montgomery, January 13, 1861.

Colonel T. LOMAX,

Second Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Pensacola, Fla.:

COLONEL: The Governor instructs me to say to you that the possession of all the fortifications commanding the entrance to and the harbor of Pensacola is of the last importance to the safety of the seceding State on the Gulf of Mexico. No other place on the Gulf is safe while the Federal troops hold possession of the commanding fortifications at Pensacola. The Governor, therefore, desires that you take into immediate consideration the practicability of getting possessin of Fort Pickets. Obtain all the information from military and other sources as to the best means of taking it, and use your discretion as to the propriety of making the attempt. The Governor desires me to say that he has full confidence in yur prodence, judgment, and courage, and leaves the method and manner of attack entirely to your decision. Do not unnecessarily or uselessly expose the lives of your troops, but the importance of having in our possession every fortified place in the harbor of Pensacola may render a sacrifice necessary in order to obtain them. Should the governor of Florida have appointed any one to the command of the troops at Pensacola of course you will have to conform to his orders, but press upon him the importance of this movement. The Governor received from the mayor of Augusta, this morning, the following dispatch: " Information has been received that the Gulf squadron is order to concentrate at Pensacola. " It is presumed that this information was obtained from the operator at Augusta from dispatches passing through. A copy of this dispatch has been sent to the Governor of Florida.

Three hundred troops, mostly from Mississippi, will leave Mobile Bay today by water for Pensacola, and three other companies, viz, Captain Samuel H. Wimberly, of the Conecuh Guards; Captain E. M. Law, of the Alabama Zouaves, Tuskeegee, are ordered to march at once for Pensacola, and six other companies have been ordered to march to Montgomery and hold themselves in readiness to march at a moment's notice to any point that it messary to send them. The Governor directs me to express to you, and through you to the troops under your command, the great satisfaction he has experienced in Major Chase's report of their gallant behaviov since their arrival in Pensacola.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Colonel and Aide - de - Camp.

[1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, January 14, 1861.

Colonel T. LOMAX:

I dispatch by W. P. Vanderveer 1, 500 cartridges. Others will be forwarded, say 4, 000, by next Friday's train.

A. B. MOORE.

[1.]

WASHINGTON CITY, January 15, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM M. BROOKS, Montgomery, Ala.:

Has certified copy of ordinance been sent us? Telegraph officially secession of State.

C. C. CLAY, Jr.

BEM. FITZPATRICK.

[1.]

