
good, I am satisfied that men can be found who will guarantee to the country the net proceeds of such cotton as it is necessary for public good to dispose of.

Again is another class of cotton speculators, who seem to be authorized by the Governor of Louisiana, approved by military authority, for the shipment of 1,000 bales of cotton, the sales accruing therefrom to be applied to the purpose of buying cotton cards and medicines for indigent families. However pure this scheme was in its original purpose, I am now satisfied it is used for personal emolument. In conclusion to this system of trade, I will state that the effect of this daily traffic in cottonhas a very demoralizing influence upon the soldiers of my district, most of whom are personally or through their relations and friends connected with the cotton growth, and who at some previos time in the progress of this war have suffered by the seizure and burning of their cotton by Government officials, which claims are yet unsettled. The necessities of a trade as it now exists is too difficult to be understood and cannot be sufficiently explained to them without entering into elaborate explanations unbecoming a commanding officer, and I would therefore suggest that it there is any possible means by which this unprofitable trade can be discontinued that the relief be adopted at once for the benefit of the country at large. In regard to the necessity of impressments, I must say that in my experience I have never met a people where such a course was more unnecessary a more willingly the wants and requirements of our troops. With the necessary to impress some horses for my artillery, which could not otherwise be procured, and which had been done in strict accordance with law, for which proper vouchers have been given and which claims will be settled when money can be received in this district from the Government for that purpose.

Previous to my assuming command here, and dating from General Gardner's time, I must say that business was certainly conducted in a very loose and unsatisfactory manner. Impressments were continually made and receipts in some instances given scarcely worth the paper on which they are written. Many persons who now hold quantities of such receipts are put to the greatest inconveniences to raise money enough to pay their taxes. Not being able to do anything with such claims myself, I most earnestly suggest that a commissioner be sent to this district to settle and adjust such bills, as I should then be relieved from a very great source of annoyance. In regard to the recruiting service throughout this district, I would state that many permissions have been granted by the Secretary of War to raise commands through this section, and parties thus obtaining permission seemerroneously to have blended the conscription and recruiting service, and in order to secure their own position have by fright and intimidation induced somepoor men illegally to be mustered into their commands. Since the publication of the order revoking all such authorities the abuse of this system will, of course, be discontinued. In conclusion, general, allow me to state that on my arrival here, about the 1st of May last, I found in the field some 450 men, very poorly armed and totally without equipments. I have now for duty 1,700 men and two tolerably efficient batteries. By the assistance of department headquarters the whole are armed and equipped sufficiently well for a good defense. The heavier caliber of long-range guns are seriously wanted here, as I have demonstrated it beyond a doubt with my light guns that the tin-clad boats that now guard the river could not live upon the waters had we

