
guns of sufficient weight. From the past, general, Iam induced to believed that, by a strict enforcement of the conscript law and no interruption of orders for new commands, by the 1st of September a division of 4,000 men can be raised through this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Dist. Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana.

Numbers 19.

CAMP, Near Clinton, La., May 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JONES S. HAMILTON,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: You ask me to make a statement in relation to circumstances connected with the affair of Mrs. A. Ackland. I was at the time encamped with my command at Whitaker Springs, twenty-five miles from Mrs. Ackland's plantation. Information was brought me the Yankees were hauling Mrs. A.'s cotton. I immediately sent Sergeant Doherty and twenty men to ascertain if the cotton was really being carried off, and instructed him to burn all the cotton in case an attempt was made to move it. Sergeant Doherty reported back that on his arrival at Mrs. Ackland's he found one of Brigadier-General Taylor's staff officers, a Captain Cammack showed him an order as if coming from General Polk, countersigned by Colonel Dillon and Brigadier-General Taylor, to the effect that Mrs. A. Ackland was permitted to move her cotton, 2,000 balesor more, to some point on the Mississippi River, preparatory to shipping it it Europe, and that no Confederate officer or soldier should in any manner molest Mrs. Ackland's cotton. Colonel Dillon and General Taylor told me they had an order to sel cotton for munitions of war, and a Confederate officer being at Mrs. Ackland's place with ten or fifteen men guarding the cotton, I thought it was a Government contract, and did not take further action on the matter, but communication withe General Taylor, asking him of Captain Cammack was acting under his orders superintending the shipment of the cotton. He replied Captain Cammack was not acting under his orders. I then ordered Captain Terry, of my regiment, with a squadron of cavalry, to go to Mrs. Ackland's plantation and arrest Captain Cammack and all others concerned. I also instructed they belonged to a Yankee house in New Orleans, and the cotton was being shipped to the same house. I told him if Mrs. A. did not produce the proper papers he should immediately set fire to her cotton.

The whole matter being wrapped in mystery and for fear an injustice should be done Mrs. A. I followed Captain Terry. He had Captain Cammack under guard and on his way to my camp. Captain Cammack showed me a copy of Mrs. A's orders and I released him from guard and ordered himto report to General Taylor under arrest. I then saw Mrs. Ackland's order, which enjoined on every Confederate officer and soldier not to molest Mrs. Ackland's cotton. She had at this time shipped some 2,000 bales; some 500 bales in bags, and some not ginned was yet on the place. The teams were engaged in hauling this at the time. I seized on twelve wagons and city drays, four making their escape under cover of the gun-boat, holding them subject to General Taylor. I saw General Taylor myself the day after and communicated to him a report from my spy, Soper, that the cotton was being shipped to a

