
Northrn house in New Orleans, and the teams and wagons belonged to the same. Mrs. Ackland saw General Taylor next day and brought an order for the return of her mules and wagons; that he had received an order from General Lee to return all wagons captured carrying cotton to the enemy.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

FRANK POWERS,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

I certify the above is a true copy from the records of this office.

JONES S. HAMILTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

[39.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 14, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Atlanta, Ga.:

The selection of a place must depend upon military considerations so mainly that I can only say that if C. is thus indicated adopt advice and execute as proposed.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[38.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 14, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War;

SIR: Your letter bearing date on yesterday was handed to me this morning. Your summary of the fact and statements in the conversation between General Johnston and myself, and which in several interviews I have presented to you and the President, is certainly correct. I beg permission to rehearse the facts while fresh in my mind, somewhat in the order and style of their occurrence. On the afternoon of Wednesday, June 29, a messenger arrived at my house, from Governor Brown and others, charged with the duty of laying before me the military situation in Georgia, and of urging me to write by special messenger to the President and present to him the necessity of ordering General Forrest, with certain cavalry forces, to cut the communications and destroy the supplies in General Sherman's rear. After hearing the message and the reasons in support of it, I at once said: "The matter is too important, time is too precious, and letters are inadequate. If these things be so, I will go at once to richmond and present them in person to the President." I arrived at Altanta that night. Next day had an interview with Governor Brown, in which all the messenger said was confirmed and much more stated. I repeated to Governor Brown my willingness to visit Richmond, and preparatory thereto to visit General Johnston and learn from him in person his views of the situation, his purpose, and his wishes. This conclusion was warmly approved by the Governor. According, the day after (Friday) I was with General Johnston. I repeated to General Johnston the case and the object of my visit, and also my willingness to visit Richmond in person, if, by so doing, I could render any, even possible, service, and that in order thereto I desired to know fromhim everything needed to enable me to present matters required fully to

