
MONTGOMERY, April 25, 1861.

His Excellency ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor, &amp;c.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 20th instant, handed to me by Honorable W. C. Whitthorne, and for the purpose of conferring with you in relation to the matters to which it refers, I have the honor to send you the Honorable H. W. Hilliard, who is fully informed as to the views of this Government and possesses my entire confidence. Cordially reciprocating the wish witth which you conclude your letter,

I have the honor to be, &c.,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, April 25, 1861.

General BRAGG:

A vessel (the Oriental) passed Apalachicola yesterday, supposed to carry dispatches to the fleet.

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

montgomery, April 26, 1861.

His Exellency A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: In addition to the two regiments for which I made requisition a few days since and directed to rencezvous at Lynchburg, Va., I now have the honor to request that you organize one regiment intended for service at Pensacola. In this regiment there must be one company of cavalry and one company of light artillery. The remaining companies musst be infantry. Presuming that it would be altogether agreeable to Your Excellency, I have said to Captain Ketchum, of Mobile, that his company of artillery would be accepted, and it has been accordingly equipped by this Government, and is now ready for service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

NEW ORLEANS, April 26, 1861.

(Received 6.35 o'clock.)

L. P. WALKER:

Can you let Kentucky have four unmounted guns from Baton Rouge?

L. P. BLACKBURN.

(From Governor Magoffin.)

[4.]

LOUISVILLE, KY., April 26, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: In accordance with your request I communicate to you on my return, as I cn do so more fully and with less hazard than by telegraph. I inclose this to you iin care of Mr. Edward S. Ruggles, whom I regard as worthy of confidence. My father resigned April 9, and aom the United States Government. I have sent Mr. Ruggles to intercept him on his return and warn him to avoid a Northern port. Your

