
militia to rally to the front for the defense of the State. If these men are claimed by you as subject to your orders, I ask that they be sent immediately to the front to aid in repelling the enemy, or that you inform them that you will not protect them against my call, that I may bring them to Atlanta. In some of the counties the enrolling officers are doing all in their power to prevent those who have agricultural and other details for civil pursuits from responding to the call. The crops are now generally laid by and those able-bodied men can be spared for the military field during this emergency without seriously endangering the provision supplies. I therefore ask you to give such instructions as will stop Confederate officers from throwing obstacles in the way of getting these men into active service when the existence of the State may depend upon the prompt response of every man able to bear arms. Justice to the country and to the brave men who are now confronting the enemy requires that no man shall be protected on account of his wealth or his influence from taking his part of the danger and exposure necessary to check the progress of the enemy. If not prevented by interference of Confederate officers I hope to bring up valuable re-enforcements to General Hood. Let me again beg you to send a cavalry force to cut off Sherman's supplies, which must compel his retreat.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 20, 1864.

Secretary of War, for attention.

The men detailed from the army, or thus relieved from assignment to regiments, are subject under emergency to be ordered out with the reserve forces. The men of organizations for "local defense" can be employed according to the terms of their enlistment as provided by law. Those men could only be placed in the militia by first disbanding the local defense organization. The companies which have been made by enrolling officers and the commander of the reserve force in Georgia of obstructions interposed by Governor Brown will enable you to judge of his expressions in that regard. You cannot imitate his example by announcing what may be attempted to cut Sherman's line of communication without giving further notice to the enemy and placing him still further on his guard. Communicate with General Cobb in regard to use of reserves.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[38.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 21, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have just received the proclamation of Governor Brown. Its terms and tendency are deplored. It causes me to add to former instructions that detailed men, being, of course, liable in case of exigency to the suspension or revocation of their details, may be called on temporarily to join the reserve forces. As to this use your discretion, but the President prefers that, if to be employed, they should be in connection with the reserves alone and not with the militia. If Governor Brown insists on forcing conflict the responsibility must rest on him, and full confidence is felt that the intelligence and patriotism of Georgia will not sustain him.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[38.]

