
command. The losses of the army in action since my first visit have been about 3,000. The increase by arrival of extra duty men and convalescents, &amp;c., is about 5,000; more are coming in daily. The return of the 1st ASugust will show a gratifying state of affairs. The tone of the country is far better, though denunciations are heard and are of course to be expected from some quarters. The militia are turning out largely, and stragglers who left deposndent are returning with revived confidence. The greatest difficulty General Hood has now is to arm these men. I shall leave this morning to meet General Maury in Montgomery and to make further communication with General Smith. From there I propose to return via Savannah and Charleston, if nothing occurs to divert me. I have been greatly fatigued by travel and heat and loss of rest, but my health continues good.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

P. S.- The enemy since his signal defeat of the 22d, in which he lost his ablest leader, McPherson, has been much more cautions. He now seems to be working as if to turn our left. Hood is preparing a move for him which I hope will soon relieve that danger. Our cavalry will soon be at work, too, and will in the future redeem its lost reputation. Hood entertains the highest opinions of its commander, and they most cordially work together.

B. B.

[38.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., July 27, 1864.

Major General J. M. WITHERS,

Commanding Reserve Forces, Alabama:

GENERAL: In reply to several communications from you, asking information upon points connected with your duties as commandant of the reserve forces of Alabama, the Secretary of War directs me to say that under orders from this Department instructions from the Bureau of Conscription have been issued, under which enrolling officers in Alabama will be required to render you any needed aid, and orders have also been given by which officers of the quartermaster's, commissary, ordnance, and medical departments are required to furnish you all necessary facilities. Special instructions applicable to particular cases have also from time to time been forwarded to you. This Department desires to afford to you prompt and efficient means for the discharge of your important duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John BLAIR HOGE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

Proclamation by Joseph E. Brown, Governor of Georgia.

It is reported that a considerable number of persons in this State, claiming to be aliens, refuse to take up arms and go to Atlanta for the defense of the State. In a great emergency like the present, I consider

