
it the duty of all who claim protection of person and property to defend the State which affords such protection. I therefore hereby proclaim and make known that all aliens in the State who refuse to volunteer for her defense are required to leave the State within ten days of this date, and no more to return, on pain of being dealt as the laws and usages of nations justify in such cases. Passports will be granted to all such aliens, on application to the adjutant and inspector general of this State, upon the certificate of a judge of the superior courts that he has examined the evidence in such cases, and finds such person to be an alien.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State this 28th day of July, 1864.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[38.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 29, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM M. BROWNE,

Macon, Ga.:

Cannot General Cobb relieve you from further duty in Georgia? Wood is on naval service, Lee in the field, Ives sick, Lubbock has not joined, and your absence is felt even more than usual.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 29, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

Am sending arms from here to Macon for General Hood.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[38.]

MOBILE, August 2, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Twent-three vesells, including three iron-clads, off the bar this morning. Major Randolph telegraphs from Pascagoula August 1, 8 p. m., that during the day eight vessels, and since dark three, all formidable looking, passed between the island and mainland going toward Mobile. Several of them seem to have bodies of men on them as seen by the glass.

E. HIGGINS,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]

MOBILE, August 3, 1864.

President DAVIS:

General Forrest reports to-day 20,000 men moving down Mississippi Central Railroad, advance at Holly Springs. He reported yesterday a column of five regiments moving from decatur into Alabama. This morning twenty-one war steamers, three iron-clads, off Fort Morgan, and eleven are in sight off Pascagoula. The enemy has been for several days concentrating a force at Morganza - up and down Mississippi. Walker's division reported twenty-five miles west of Natchez. I came

