
friendly advice is solicited for him on this mission. I saw Governor Magoffin to-day (I arrived last night), and he told me of his reply communicated to you by messenger. He is satisfied that any precipitate action on the part of our friends will react and damage us. The State is unarmed, with a border of 700 miles exposed to a furious foe. That such is the case is the fault neither of the Governor nor of our party, but of those fals leaders and imbeciles who preferred party advantage to the safety of our Commonwealth. Our military organizations are being perfected, but we are badly armed, and I regret to say that other companies are being enrolled hostile to the South, and I fear equipped with Federal gold. The governor is trying, howev er, to intrust our State arms only with the loyal men. The Journal and Democrat are Lincoln papers. The sentimentt of the Southern State-rights men is opposed to taking action until Kentucky is armed and organized. I cannot say that my judgment disapproves of this, however my heart may point. An unarmed people is a mob. Trust a little to time and be not distrustful of men who have so much at stake as the Kentucky patriots. Four hundred men left here yhesterday for Virginia. I learn from Colonel John S. Williams (known as Cerro Gordo Williams), lately a citizen of Southern Illinois, that he has been compelled to abandon his large estate there, and that Kentuckians are no longer safe there. He has come home to excite our people tto war. The Saint Louis Arsenal has in it about 1,800 regulars, and some 6,000 Germans are armed and equipped in its immediate vicinity. Colonel Stewart (late paymaster) is the authority for this. he also informs us that Cairo has a strong body of troops stationed there, who compel all boats to round to. The roads to Saint Louis are in the hands of the Illinois (Lincoln) volunteers. In consequence of this Major Clark remains here. We hope to have his assistance in organizing our artillery and ordnance here. In Nashville he was waited on by citizens for the same purpose. Tennessee will secede immediately.

If I can be of service to the cause of Southern rights, you can command, yours, with very great respect,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON.

[4.]

Nashville, April 26, 1861.

Hon . L. P. WALKER:

A boat bound from Saint Louis to Nashville, with powder and lead on board for Tennessee, was captured by the steamer Swallow near Cairo, said to be by order of the Governor of Illinois. Is it absolutely necessary that you withdraw 1,500 of the 3,000 guns sent me from Louisville?

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, April 26, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

I am here by order of Governor Harris to superintend the defense of this end of the State. As soon as I can possible see matters here safe I return to Nashville. This city is in a most defenseless condition for want of arms. The batteries are progressing rapidly under the direction of Captain Stockton, but for want of small arms we cannot arm even a sufficient protecting force. Your dispatches ordering back 1,500 of the 3,000 muskets have been shown me, and the object of this

