
II. General Morgan will use every exertion to collect all stragglers of the corps and organize them for efficient service.

* * * * *

By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 11. In the Field, August 6, 1864.

I. All animals and other means of transportation captured from the enemy or otherwise taken up by the troops of this army will be immediately turned in to the quartermaster of the command capturing or taking them up. The quartermaster receiving them will turn them over without delay to the chief quartermaster of this army or one of the inspectors of field transportation.

II. All quartermasters will make dilligent search throughout their respctive commands for quartermaster's stores and property captured from the enemy and take possession of the same, turning it over as above directed.

III. All officers of this army are directed to see this order strictly enforced, and are required to give all necessary assistance to secure its prompt enforcement.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

MOBILE, August 6, 1864.

President Davis:

General PAGE reports Fort Morgan in good condition, the garrison in good spirits. One man killed. Five officers and men wounded yesterday., A force estimated at 4,000 landed on Dauphin Island and operating against Fort Gaines. Monitors engaged Fort Powell all day yesterday. The fort evacuated and blow up last night.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

[39.]

FORT MORGAN, August 7, 1864.

(Via Mobile.)

President DAVIS,

Richmond:

Your dispatch just received. Fort Powell was abandoned on the night of the 5th, after a bombardment from monitors in the rear, where it was indefensible. Fort Gaines is closely invested by land. Monitors have shelled it from the bay, and I fear its weakness, already tested from the entrance of the enemy into the bay. I was, of course, cut off from both Gaines and Powell. The guns of Fort Morgan were well fought, and I am, confident inflicted severe injury. The enemy's wooden ships were protected with chains on their sides, towed in by steamers lashed on the opposite sides. I shall hold out to the last extremity. The spirit of the garrison was and is admirable.

R. L. PAGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[39.]

