
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 64. Richmons, August 10, 1864.

I. The following roll of honor is published, in accordance with paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 131 [1863]. It will be read to every regiment in the service at the first dress parade after its receipt.

* * * * *

Third Mississippi Regiment of Infantry (for gallant and meritorious conduct whilst on picket duty at Kenesaw Mountain, July 2, 1864): Private J. W. Patterson, Company C, Twenty-second Mississippi Infantry (for meritorious conduct whilst on picket duty, July 9, 1864): Private William Dennis, Company B; Private William Hatswell, Company C; Private D. M. Dye, Company E.

* * * * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[38.]

MACON, August 10, 1864.

President DAVIS:

Your dispatch to your aide, Colonel Browne, referred to me, only reached me yesterday. His presence is most important now in view of efforts of Governor to force a conflict with Administration. Colonel Browne has conducted controversy with great prudence, and baffled every attempt to entrap him. Unless you need his services very urgently I respectfully request he be continued in Georgia.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[38.]

SELMA, August 10, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

Just from Blue Mountain. No advance by enemy, but threatened, and country much exhausted. Telegrapged General Maury Roddey's command could not be spared. Moving troops to Talladega. Shall assume command of Central and North Alabama and change headquarters to Talladega.

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,August 10, 1864 - 3.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your note of 1.50 received. In reply the general commanding desires you to have everything in readiness to make the move he spoke of yesterday evening, so as to be able to carry it out by to-morrow evening. He desires to see you at these headquarters late this afternoon.

Very respectfully, general,

E. B. WADE,

Aide-de-Camp.

[38.]

