
MOBILE, ALA., August 14, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Please explain to the Secretary of War that I have not detained any blockade-running steamers here except from what seemed to me absolute plain sense of duty. For weeks before the fleet ran into the bay several steamers were endeavoring to run the blockade and made ineffectual attempts to run out. As soon as the fleet passed the forts these blockade vessels took shelter within the obstructions, and as the enemy's shops at once steamed toward the city no time was lost in closing the entrances of the obstructions, and it is very difficult now to open them and not safe to do so. Now that the ships are locked up here for the present, at least, they all seem clamorous to get out and allege that it is the easiest thing in the world to run the blockade now. I velieve any one of them attempting to run out of this port now will be captured; and as their crews are foreigners they may do us harmby the information they can impart. Should any opportunity occur favorable to the wishes of the Secretary of War I will promptly avail myself of it and have a door opened to the Heroine and the other ships.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 30, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.

To Ordnance Bureau and Colonel Bayne for information. Return for file.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 4, 1864.

In a matter of private enterprise (and the ships of the bureaus stand in that relation toward the commanding general) the judgment of the party interested must be allowed to govern. The matter of "imparting information" if captured would prevent allblocakde running.

J. GORGAS.

[Fourth indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 7, 1864.

Noted. The delay and its mischiefs are now irreparable. File.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Fifth indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

As soon as I learned that the Heroine was detained by General Maury, I applied to the Secretary of War and he sent a telegram to him as early as 20th of July and August 5, directing him to allow the Heroine to sail. The Denbigh, a private stamer, went out safely after

