
entire control. So soon, therefore, as the men are armed and sent to Atlanta, I yield the sole command to General Hood, until I shall think proper to resume it as above stated, and all applications for furloughs, detail, or discharge must be made to him through the regular military channels. None of them will be acted upon by me. The hospitals of the militia are also under the direction and control of the officers in that department under General Hood, and the State has no control over them. During the time that General Hood commands the militia they are as absolutely under his control for the defense of Atlanta as the Georgians in Virginia are under the control of General Lee. The only difference in is term of service. Those in Virginia are in for the war, while the militia are in for the emergency, to be judged by the Governor, and they are disbanded or withdrawn by his order.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[38.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 23. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding desires to congratulate the officers and men of his command as also General Reynolds' brigade on their successful explusion of the large and well-appointed raiding party under Kilpatrick, boasting "To destroy our rear communications and compel the Army of Tennessee to retire from Atlanta," and to tender his thanks for their energy and good fighting. He takes pleasure in noticing the part performed by General Ross and his gallant Texans in resisting with the most determined courage the entire force of the enemy, not less than 4,000 hurled upon his brigade as a dernier resort, to cut their way through, continuing to fire upon them till the last one had passed, inflicting heavy loss upon them and capturing one piece of artillery and four stand of colors, reflecting the highest credit upon himself and brigade; as also General Armstrong and brigade for the very vigorous pursuit, causing the enemy to abandon wagons, horses, and ambulances. He takes this occasion to make special mentionof Lieyt. George B. Young, of Croft's battery, who alone continued to serve his howitzer when completely surrounded by the enemy within a few paces of him and refused to abandon it until ordered away by his brigade commander. Soldiers, in meeting and repelling this the largest raiding party ever sent to your rear, you have won the lasting gratitude of your commanders and countrymen, and have reflected fresh glory upon the proud appellation of the Confederate Army. Weinflicted upon the enemy a loss of 500 killed and wounded and prisoners, captured 2 pieces of artillery and 4 stand of colors, anumber of horses, equipments, and small-arms, besides wagons and ambulances, with small loss to ourselves. He returns thanks to Generals Armstrong, Ross, and Reynolds for prompt action, hearty co-operation, and skillful handling of their respective commands.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson:

E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[38.]

MOBILE, August 26, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: Knowing you feel a deep interest in the condition of things here, I inclose a slip* from the morning paper, which is regard as a

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

