
truthful statement of the condition of Fort Morgan. Yankee gun-boats are daily in sight, and inall probability will in a very few days make the attack, but every confidence is felt in our ability to defeat them. Our officers are energetic and the men and citizens have no fear. So far as I see, there is great confidence in the officers in command, especially in Gardner. General Maury is regarded as a safe man, who is very diligent. Our worthy Governor has had great trouble in getting out his militia, but the recent decision of the supreme court will greatly relieve him. I am here as his aide, doing what little I can to organize as the troops come in, and I am glad to say the last few days are more encouraging. We regard here the afairs at Atlanta as more favorable. The removal of Johnston at first was not well received, but when it was ascertained why it was so everybody was satisfied, and there are now no complaints heard. Indeed, we have now no croakers, but the language is, conquer or die.

Respectfully,

EDWD. HARRISON.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 29, 1864.

Governor T. H. WATTS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Your letter caused me to suppose that you might rely on forces believed to be then in Alabama and Mississippitomeet such contigencies as have arisen in Alabama. My dispatch was intended, by referring you to General Bragg, to secure to you such information as would show the necessity for vigorous efforts to bring out all the reserves andmilitia who could be made available for State defense. The removal of troops which had been made to re-enforce General Johnston had evidently exceeded what you supposed. The case is now better understood, and I am sure you have done and are doing all which I then desired you to undertake.

JEFF'S DAVIS.

[39.]

MACON, MISS., August 29, 1864.

President DAVIS:

Governor Clark has to-day 2,400 cavalry and 2,300 infantry ready for the field; active and cheerful men. Militia of the State will have 8,000.

W. Y. McCORKLE.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMSTRONG'S DIVISION,Eight Miles from Jonesborough, August 30, 1864 - 11 a. m.

General LEWIS,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I think it would be well to fix the bridge between here and Jonesborough and fix some temporary work along the creek near it. Should this force prove to be a large one they will endeavor to drive us across the river. They have been using artillery on me pretty freely and I am satisfied they have a strong infantry force - not

