
much cavalry. A very heavy column of infantry is now resting on the Rough and Ready and Fairburn road, about nine miles from the former place. The enemy's cavalry are, I think, held in hand near Fairburn, to start on a raid, in direction of Griffin, as soon as their infantry have made their deployment. My scouts are watching it and I shall endeavor to hold this force, inmy front, in check until I hear of their cavalry starting southward.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

FRANK ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Jonesborough, August 30, 1864.

General JACKSON:

The above is copy of dispatch justreceived from General A. With request that latter part be transmitted to you. If General Armstrong expects to go in pursuit of the enemy's cavalry, when it shall go off toward Griffin, I hope I shall not be left here without some cavalry. I should like to have a regiment or so, to protect my flanks and keep me informed as to enemy's movements.

Respectfully, yours,

JOS. H. LEWIS,

Brigadier-General.

[38.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., august 30, 1864.

His Excellency J. W. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: The condition of your State, subject to formidable invasion and menaced with destructive in different directions by the enemy, requires the command of all the forces that can be summoned for defense. From recent official correspondence submitted to the Department, it appears, on your statement, that you have organized 10,000 or more of the militia of your State, and I am instructed by the President to make requisition on you for that number, and such further force of militia to repel invasion as you may be able to organize for Confederate service. Those within the limits of General Hood's department will report to him; those outside to the commandant of the Department of South Carolina and Georgia.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[38.]

MOBILE, August 31, 1864.

President DAVIS:

If Mississippi gives 8.000 militia Alabama owes 10,000. Will Your Execellency induce her Governor to convene Legislature and force out all able to fight. I have ordered reserve companies destined for Mobile to Opelika; have ordered Forrest here with part of his forces. Colonel Scott reports eight boat loads troops passed Bayou Sara (28th) going up.*

D. H. MAURY,

Major General.

[39.]

---------------

* For reply, see VOL. XXXIX, part II, p. 812.

---------------

