
MACON, August 31, 1864.

General BRAGG:

The enemy in heavy force of infantry and cavalry were moving on the Macon and Western Railroad toward Jonesborough on yesterday evening. Telegraphic communication stopped at 9 o'clock last night, since which time we hear nothing.

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

[38.]
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,September 1, 1864 - 7 p. m.

[General W. H. JACKSON:]

GENERAL: Lieutenant Hall, of Ruffin's company, whom I supposed captured, has been between the Rough and Ready and Fairburn and Jonesborough and Fairburn roads, eight miles from here, for two days. He came out around by Fayetteville. He confirms previous reports of enemy's strength and says they have brought large droves of cattle and wagon trains; that a large cavalry force came and camped yesterday in rear of Federal army, and this morning moved in this direction - he thinks took position near their right. He says that all their force have closed up and there is nothing on West Point road. He also states that in addition to the force which moved from Fairburn to this place, a large column came down from "Mines" south to the Rough and Ready road, and then in direction of the Macon railroad, above here.

Respectfully,

F. C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

General Hardee sent orders to Colonel Hannon tomove. I believe he has gone near Glass', below Lovejoy's.

[38.]

MACON, September 2, 1864.

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I am in communication with General Hardee. The garrison here is 2,000, including locals and all others. Only 100 cavalry, but have ordered Young' battalion from Athens. Will do everything possible to support Hardee. Supporting force of conscript service should report to me; doing no good as they are. I am calling out every man able to bear arms.*

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[39.]

MOBILE, September 3, 1864.

The PRESIDENT:

General Hood appealed to me to strengthen Opelika. The reserve companies in that vicinity afforded prompt means and will be drawn to Opelika within twenty-four hours. Forrest, with 2,000, was ordered here to prevent enemy from cutting the communications and operate against enemy on [Mon Louis?] island. he would not have been in trenches; was to remain outside in case of investment. Information received indicates enemy moving from Memphis to Sherman. Shall

---------------

* This in reply to Davis, VOL. XXXIX, Part II, p. 811; for reply to this, see ibid., p. 813.

---------------

