
dispatch is to ask if you cannot countermand that order; if not, the guns will be returned immediately, but, if it be possible, for you to do so. The public safety of this city and the river front require the use of more arms. Please say immediately I wrote fully from Nashville.

HID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, April 26, 1861.

General PILLOW,

Memphis:

You can retain the 3,000 muskets. In addition to the large guns heretofore sent you, I have this day ordered frour 32-pouders to go forward. I feel a deep interest in the defense of Memphis, and will do everything to render it secure.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, April 26, 1861.

L. P. WALKEER:

Randolph is the most eligible situation for a battery to protect Memphis. Captain Stockton considers his instructions as restricting him to a point nearer Memphis. Will you authorize him to exercise his own judgment and construct at Randolph?

GID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]

SAINT CLOUD, Nashville, April 26, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: You see I have taken the liberty to call our regiment the "Walker Legion" in compliment to you. We will try and make it wear with honor and win for the distinctive name a chapter in history for us to be proud of. It will be ready to leave for Lynchburg next the other in process. From the wording of your dispatch to Harris I the other in process. From the wording of your dispathc to Harris I cannot tell whether our commissions are to be signed by him or your Government, as we go into your service under Letcher's call. You did not say whether camp equipage, &amp;c., will be furnished in Lynchburg or at this place. If here, it may cause detenction. Under whose command are we to go? I should like to have some artillery attached to the "Walker Legion" if agreeable to your Government. major Horgas said he he could supply me if you would direct it. Give a field battery and flying artillery-one to Major Pete Turney and one to me. Let me hear from you in regard to our commissions, the artillery, and who is to command us. I can get up two artillery companies, undrilled I mean. It would amuse you to see how many gentlemen of leisure are willing to serve your Government, but every one thinks he ought to be a major-general. Some of them are those who a month ago denounced you as rebels and traitors who should be hund. They are easily whipped in, now the popular tide is with us. I there is any information I can give you about aspirants from this State, and I know them all, as soldiers and politicians, your kindness to me, when in Montgomery, by talking

