
stood here. At this distance from the field of operations, the condition of which so constantly changes, I can but suggest. For the rest I rely upon your judgment and more accurate information to determine what is best under all the circumstances.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 210. Richmond, September 5, 1864.

* * * * *

XXIV. The Fourteenth Alabama Battalion Partisan Rangers (Lieutenant Colonel James C. Malone, Jr.) and the Nineteenth Alabama Battalion Cavalry (Lieutenant Colonel Z. Thomason) are hereby consolidated, and will constitute the Ninth Regiment Alabama Cavalry.

XXV. Lieutenant Colonel Z. Thomason, of the Nineteenth Alabama Battalion, and Major E. F. Falconnet, of the Fourteenth Alabama Battalion Cavalry, are assigned to duty in the Ninth Regiment Alabama Cavalry as lieutenant-colonel and major, respectively.

* * * * *

By command of the secretary of war:

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

MERIDIAN, September 5, 1864.

The PRESIDENT:

If permitted to do so 4,000 picked men and six pieces of artillery of my present command, I believe I can proceed to Middle and West Tennessee, destroy enemy's communication or cripple it, and add 2,000 men to my command.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[39.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, September 6, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Armies of Confederate States:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders from the War Department, I have this day assumed command of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana. By Major Will M. Levy, of my staff, I forward copies of the correspondence which has taken place between General E. Kirby Smith and myself, relative to the crossing of troops from the Trans Mississippi Department, and your orders to me to cross the river at once and assume this command. To effect the movementof troops to this side of the river has hitherto been impossible. The enemy was evidently apprised of the contemplated ovement quite as soon as I was, and the most complete disposition of his gun-boat fleet was made, which would have rendered the attempt to cross, even by brigades, a failure and disaster. I am convinced, however, that if proper, energetic and cautions measures are adopted by the commanding officer of the Trans-Mississippi Department, the plan would be practicable, and very

