
Rough and Ready, taking a road leading direct to Atlanta. They are in camp two miles and a half from fork. There are cavalry camped at, or near, Tanner's Church, on McDonough road. Besides prisoners sent in I have five here with me, among them Captain Bule, chief of ordnance, Army of the Tennessee. He is an old classmate of Generals Armstrong and Kelly. Some corn on right of road.

I am, yours, with respect,

John C. HUMPHREYS,

Captain, Commanding Squad.

N. B.- Prisoners captured mostly by Company H.

Colonel M. W. HANNON,

Commanding Brigade:

N. B.- Pass courier.

John C. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Squad.

If courier can't find Colonel H. he will give it to General Jackson.

[38.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Glass' House, West of Flint, September 8, 1864 - 8.30 a. m.

[Captain SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: I found the river too high to ford, and have fixed a temporary bridge and will get my command all across by 10 o'clock. Scouts report the enemy as foraging down the West Point road, and that they have cavalry as far down as Fairburn. I shall encamp somewhere near Fayettevillw to-night. Should the river rise eight inches it will carry off the bridge at this point. From all I can ascertain I believe it is the enemy's intention to forage down the Chattahoochee and the West Point road. There is any quantity of corn and wheat between the river and railroad, and the amount increases as you get lower down. They will probably run the cars on that road and place their outposts well down in order to send out parties to collect up corn, &amp;c., about Newman. The people have saved most of the fodder and are now gathering corn. The crop is very abundant in Coweta and Troup Couties. They have used and destroyed pretty much everything between Flint and West Point road north of Fayetteville; also the bridges on the road from Fayetteville north and east.

Very respectfully,

F. C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

I would respectfully suggest that these two brigades be held on the railroad somewhere about Palmetto. Scouts can daily cover the country between the two railroads. We can then have the benefit of the West Point road to drawn supplies from below, and get what will otherwise be taken to subsist the enemy. The bridges on the East Point and Rough and Ready road from Fayetteville being destroyed, the enemy could not pass to our right without out being able to reach them. Besides being on the West Point road, we can be within striking distance of the enemy's line of communication. I make these suggestions

