
freely and promptly, will induce me to do so confidentially and without reserve. Our Legislature met to-day and is now in secret session. I think it will at once pass an ordinance of secession and refer it to the people, who will ratify it in spite of Johnson, Nelson, Stokes, and others. John Bell, Andrew and Ed. Ewing spoke here night before last. They are nearly right; so are Bailie Peyton and ex-Governor Campbell. They want to help the South, but not in favor of uniting with it yet. I think I see a dagger behind that smile in the shape of a central masses. You will do me a favor by answering this if time will permit. If not, reply to my interrogations as well as you can in brief by telegraph, and oblige,

Yours, &amp;c.,

WM. B. BATE.

P. S.-My compliments to Mrs. Walker.

[4.]

B.

MONTGOMERY, April 27, 1861.

Governor ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Have countermanded the order directing the return of 1,500 muskets; so you get the 3,000. On yesterday ordered, in addition to guns already sent, four 32-pounders to Memphis. Let me know in time when your regiment will be ready. Arms have been sent for them to Lynchburg.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

Nashville, April 27, 1861.

General WALKER:

DEAR SIR: The Legislature is in session with closed doors. There is, however, a large majority for passing the ordinance of secession and submitting it to the people for ratification. It will be ratified. I suppose they will ratify your Constitution, and submit that question separate from the other. The volunteer companies will be very numerous; not less than 200, and 400 if necessary. The speedy union of the whole South is now being compregended, and regarded as necessary to prevent inv asion. You may now rely oh Arkansas and Tennessee, and this will leave Kentucky, Missouri, and Maryland. These must come very soon. When all arre united success and victory in arms are certain; we are invincible. The Army of the South will be as large as the means of handling it. I will keep you advised of the progress of secession here. any Johnson must sink to infamy if he gets justice.

There is a regiment of Kentucky troops here going to Virginia. This county, with all the opposition which has been made, will have 4,000 troops ready and lead ordered by the Governor from Missouri. This comes like hot shot, and strengthens every movement, but diminishes ammunition. The spirit here is, "Strike at Washington City." Batter down the White House, because it is desecrated and disgraced, and take the scalp of the buffoon from Illinois. If a battle of magnitude must come, Tennessee expects President Davis to command in person. With our railroads and perfect union we are 25,000,000 strong.

Yours, very truly,

S. R. COCKRILL.

[4.]

