HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., September 14, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commander-inc-Chief, C. S. Army, Richmond:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of extraordinary resolutions, purported to have been adopted by the officers of the garrison of Fort Gaines, for your consideration. These officers have all made themselves liable to the severe penalties laid down in the Articles of War such a case; but experience shows that the result of a trial will not be to make such examples as will sustain discipline. In no case should any portion of those troops be allowed to return here. They are much indentified with this community, and a strong sympathy has been gotten up here in vindication of the surrender of Fort Gaines and the evacuation of Fort Powell, which may injure the morale of the other troops unless a signal act of military justice from the President himself gives a check to it. The military court of this district acquitted Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, who evacuated Fort Powell. General Gardner, the reviewing officer, disapproved the proceedings, ordered the rearrest of Colonel Williams, and the reconsideration of the case. This the court could not do, as a recent law makes the verdict of the court in case of acquittal conclusive. I respectfully ask attention to the proceedings in this case, as I think that the tendencies of the principles established will be very bad.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,September 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, recommending Major-General Maury's suggestions.

Notwithstanding the acquittal of Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, I consider the interest of the service demands his removal from her, if not, in fact, the dropping of his name from the rolls of the Army. I have ordered that he be suspended from command until a decision from the War Department can be had.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,September 30, 1864.

Respectully referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

I fully concur in the recommendations of Major-General Maury and Lieutenant-General Taylor.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Third indorsement.] ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

