
nature, under the exposure of the sun and to the fire of an enemy much more numerous than we could possibly expect to cope with successfully, can be completely raked by its naval force; and we feel confident that under one or perhaps two single broadsides of the fleet Fort Gaines would be completely dismantled, the greater part of its defenders either dead or wounded, and the position lost. We know that it will be urged that we must hold on as long as possible in order that Mobile may make preparations for defense, and to keep the fleet here, but to this we answer that the fleet is only staying here because it is not ready to go, and that our attempt at resistance, whose inevitable result will be very heavy loss of life, will not, when they attack us, retard the course of eents in Mobile. The men under our several commands feel this as well as we do, and have freely communicated to us their opinions on the subject, vowing at the same time, that if we deem it necessary they were ready and willing to follow where we led. Shall we assume the heavy responsibility of the lives held under our trust? No, say we, for we known that no hope is left of the sacrifice of life being useful in the slightest degree.

In consideration of the above, as we have concluded to address you, and to say to you, Colonel Anderson, we know, and every man in your commyou are a brave and oft-tried officer, and that you would never propose a surrender to us expect under the most extreme necessity. We also feel keenly the painful position of a commanding officer broaching the subject to his subordinates, with reference to the hauling down of his flag, but we know also that under the pressure of the actual position surrender is unavoidable, and we come this night to advise you take the necessary steps to procure from the enemy the best possible terms. Our wish is to surrender to the navy, and we feel it no shame to surrender to those whose testimony of our impossibility to defend this post will not be witheld one instant after they see the position of this fort. And in order that no one may assume that you took the initiative in this case, we now certify over our signatures that we recommend to you to surrender, for the reasons set forth in the above document, knowing your determination to defend this place to the last moment possible.

F. N. SMITH,

President, Captain Company G, Twenty-first Alabama.

Chas. B. JOHNSTON,

Major Twenty-first Alabama.

C. K. SHERMAN,

Captain, Commanding Reserve Battalion.

A. S. CARRINGTON,

Captain Company H, Twenty-first Alabama.

E. R. SPALDING,

Captain Company G, Twenty-first Alabama.

J. F. CULPEPER,

Captain Light Battery South Carolina Volunteers.

[AND 36 OTHER OFFICERS.]

FORT GAINES, ALA., August 7, 1864.

I fully concur in the sentiments expressed in the above paper as far as they relate to the untenability of the fort and the consequent needless exposure of life, and approve of the surrender.

J. EARNEST MEIERE,

Captain, C. S. Marine Corps.

[39.]

