
RICHMOND, VA., September 16, 1864.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Army of Tennessee:

MY DEAR SIR: As I promised in telegram, search was made for your letter, which, being among my unofficial papers, was less easily found than expected, and I now inclose a copy of your letter to me of December 1, and your telegram, to the Adjutant-General of November 30.* From these you will perceive the reason I had to believe that my action in the appointment and assignment and assignment of General Hood would be satisfactory to you. It surely did not exceed, I think it fell short of, your suggestions, inasmuch as before his assignment he received an additional grade and ceased to be inferior in rank to yourself. Your letter very well expresses what I regard as the proper sentiment of a soldier and the true rule of conduct of a patriot. The present, even more than the time at which it was written, requires the services and the sacrifices you then declared yourself willing to make. To bring back the absentees, to rally all who are able even temporarily to render military service, and to inspire the Army with the energy and confidence so essentially necessary at this time to secure success there must be harmony and unity among the senior officers. That all your efforts may be so directed and sustained by a Divine wisdom and power as to save our country from the impending calamity is my earnest prayer, and I cannot doubt your highest desire. I therefore hope that the time which has intervened has brought you to a more sober view of the considerations so greatly above any personal feeling, and that the dissatisfaction you then expressed has passed away.

Very respectfully and truly, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[31 and 39.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Dalton, Ga., December 1, 1863.+

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I send by Lieutenant Colonel Urquhart a plain, unvarnished report of theoperations at Chattanooga, resulting in my shameful discomfiture.++ The disaster admits of no palliation, and is justly disparaging to me as a commander. I trust, however, you may find upon full investigation that the fault is not entirely mine. Colonel Urquhart will inform you on any point not fully explained in the report. I fear we both erred in the conclusion for me to retain command here after the clamor raised against me. The warfare has been carried on successfully, and the fruits are bitter. You must make other changes here, or our success is hopeless. Breckinridgewas totally unfit for any duty from the 23rd to the 27th - during all our trials - from drunkenness. The same cause prevented our complete triumph at Murfreesborough. I can bear to be sacrificed myself, but not to see my country and my friends ruined by the vices of a few profligate men who happen to have an undue popularity. General Hardee will assure you that Cheatham is equally dangerous.

May I hope, as a personal fovor, that you will allow my friend Colonel Urquhart to continue with me as a part of my personal staff? He has never acted in any other capacity, and is almost a necessity in enabling

---------------

* See VOL. XXXI, Part III, p. 764.

+ Printed out of sequence.

++ See VOL. XXXI, Part II, p. 664.

---------------

