
OPELIKA, ALA., September 28, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, VA.:

I have relieved Lieutenant-General Hardee from duty with the Army of Tennessee at his own request, and directed him to assume command of the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Please have the necessary orders issued.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[39.]

RICHMOND, September 29, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Operations in Middle Tennessee by a force unable to seize and hold the country will not benefit us and will seriously distress our people. Raids are injurious to our troops and unprofitable in results. With Selma and Rome railroads a base, our cavalry could render the use of the Chattanooga railroad very dangerous, if not impracticable. Our true field of operations is south of Tennessee. The enemy, no doubt, has six months' supplies this side of the mountain.

B. BRAGG,

General.

[39.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., September 29, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

I don't think Baker's brigade can be spared now. Will send it whenever it can.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS FERGUSON'S BRIGADE,Salt Springs, October 1, 1864 - 4.30 p. m.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General;

CAPTAIN: The enemy has constructed railroad on the other side of the Sweetwater and has a battery in position. His pickets extend up the river, and about a regiment is stationed near the crossing in front. A little skirmishing is going on at the ford immediately below. Drums and bands of music are distinctly heard, and from the direction and volume of the sound are supposed to be along the Sandtown and Marietta road. Have received no recent report from the pickets below. The cavalry in my front could readily by cut off by a force moving from Powder Springs, unless there is some movement of the Yankee infantry to prevent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. BOYLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

[39.]

OPELIKA, October 1, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Reached here on the 28th ultimo, reported to General Hood, and by his orderproceed to Talladega.

D. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]

