HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,October 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The fore I sent frommy brigade to cut the railroad last night returned short timesince, having accomplished nothing. They got lost and entagled in the old breast-works near the railroad and did not get out until this morning. I shall keep such parties as I think can operate effectively constantly on the railroad. Taylor's party has ben increased, and he will try to capture the wagon train, which he thinks will return to Atlanta to-day, and capture the train of cars which it appears has been running with some regularity from Marietta to Atlanta every day. Both my officers are crippled, and hence I did not go with the party in person last night. No news from Colonel Ross' party or from the party under Captain Gurley.

Very respectfully,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]

ABERDEEN, MISS., October 2, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

Mobile road is obstructed for days by rains. Two serious accidents to persons and machinery. These should be guarded against more carefully, and more promptly repaired. The immense quantity of provisions in this country should be immediately transported to withing reach of Army of Tennessee and of Northern Virginia. They are liable towaste, decay, and raids. I write from here.

J. B. SALE,

Military Sectretary.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,October 2, 1864 - 10.50 a. m.

[General W. H. JACKSON:]

GENERAL: I sent a force to strike the railroad above Kenesaw Mountain last night. Lieutenant Sykes, of my staff, accompanied the expedition. He informs me tat there is no enemy above the Villa Rica and Marietta road, excepting the guards on the railroad. They found some infantry watching the railroad. There is a force in my front on the Powder Springs and Marietta road and they seem disposed to try to gain possession of the bridge. From Lieutenant Martin I learn your plans in reference to my movements, and I have thought it not improper to suggest that as there is no enemy aboe me, a small force could picket toward Lost Mountain and the balance of Armstrong's brigade take my place here and I move at once to hold the creek in Colonel Boyles' front. I think there can be no doubt of the presence of Federal infantry of the creek below Colonel Boyles. If they force him back and effect a crossing with cavalry and infantry, which I am inclined to believe they will attempt this morning, I would have to move by the bridge at your headquarters to cross Sweetwater and thence down to Salt Springs. It is about nine miles fromthis place to the latter by that bridge, and after the enemy crossed at Salt Springs or below, they would be much neare the road the infantry marched than I, andof course much time would be consumed in preparing to move and bringing information from Colonel Boyles to me.

