
ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 29, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

GENERAL: I think it my duty to call your attention to what seems to me the object of the troops now assembling at Cairo. It is known that 75,000 men have been called out by the United States Executive, and he has probably 5,000 regulars disposable, pergaps more, making an aggregate of at least 80,000. Of this levy the contingents from New England and from New York and Pennsylvania (Easttern) are hurrying in to Washington. But none of the troops from west of the Alleghanies are known to have gone easttward. The only rendezvous so far heard of is Cairo. As the levies on the States north and west of the Ohio and Western Pennsylvania must amount to quite one half of the whole number, it is fair to presume that 40,000 men are hastening to the Ohio, while the other half of the levy is covering Washington.

Assume that they are concentrating at Cairo, as information leads us to suspect, what can be the object of assembling so formidable a force? Not certainly to hold Cairo and cut off the ccommunicattion with Saint Louis. So great a force can have but one object-to descend the Mississippi, take New Orleans, and with the co-operation of a fleet besiege and take Forts Saint Philip and Jackson. There would be no need of protecting their communications, because they would make the fleet their base of operations, and, with New Orleans in their possession, would be unassailable. to avoid so great a calamity it would be necessary to fortify some point, as Columbus or Richmond (sixty or seventy miles above Memphis), lining the banks of the river with cannon and covering them with land-works-an intrenched camp capable of holding 30,000 men. With this the passage of the river could not be effected, and there would be no use in turning such a work, since nothing could be effected below it without a flotila.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Major, &amp;c., in charge of Engineer Bureeau.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., April 29, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Mr. A. D. Bright, of West Tennessee, visits Montgomery for the purpose of procuring arms for the defense of West Tennessee and the Mississippi River. I think it a matter of vital importance to put arms in the hands of the people of West Tennessee and West Kentucky.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[4.]

HOTEL, April 29, 1861.

[Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD:]

DEAR GENERAL: I take pleasure in presenting Colonel Tate, from Memphis, to you. He comes from the Governor of Tennessee, and urges four 24-pounders as essentil to defend tthem above Memphis. If you think we can spare three or four 24-pounders, I am willing; say

