
ON RAILROAD BETWEEN ROUGH AND VINING'S STATIONS,

October 2, 1864-7 a. m.

Captain SYKES:

I reached the railroad at this point about 5 o'clock yesterday evening and cut telegraph communication, which has not been repaired as yet. One train of cars passed up from Atlanta to Marietta last night, which is the only one since I reached here. It was not a very long train, though it seemed to be loaded with soldiers, but it was so very dark that I could not discriminate whether they were discharged soldiers or not. I am also on the main Atlanta and Marietta dirt road. Nothing has passed up or down it since I arrived. I sent a scout down near Mitchell's Cross-Roads with instructions to scout toward Sandtown and report to you frequently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. BAKER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scouts.

[39.]

ONE-QUARTER MILE FROM SALT SPRINGS,

On Villa Rica Road, October 2, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Enemy in position at Salt Springs. Skirmishers about three-quarters of a mile in advance of their position. They have reversed the rail-works constructed by General Ross and from which they drove Colonel Boyles this morning. The enemy evince no disposition to advance at present - supposed to be crossing their main force over the creek. Drums can be distinclty heard from here in direction of Sandtown road and about opposite Salt Springs. Scous report a column moving on the road from Sweetwater town to Powder Springs. Could not ascertain whether it was infantry or cavalry - heard wagons, &amp;c. Scouts just in from the railroad near Vining's Station report no infantry moving from Marietta or Atlanta except by the railroad. Four trains went up from Atlanta on night before last heavily laden with troops.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. C. JONES, Jr.,

Aide-de-Camp.

[39.]

FERGUSON'S BRIGADE,

October 2, 1864-1.35 p. m.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy has advanced and is now engaging my skirmishers. I have not yet been able to ascertain their force.

Respectfully,

W. BOYLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,On the road, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hood desires that you will direct the officer commanding the cavalry brigade at Dallas to send a squadron under

