
a good officer to make a scout toward Rome, to produce the impression on the citizens that we are certainly going to Rome at all risks. Let him go as near Rome as he can and get all the information he can, but the idea is to get the impression abroad that this army is now on its way to that point.

Yours,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

FLINT HILL CHURCH,

October 3, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Referred to Colonel Armistead, who will start the squadron immediately for the purpose indicated within. Receipt and return this paper.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]

SELMA, October 4, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

I have just ascertained that General E. K. Smith issued an order pardoning all the men who deserted from his army when ordered across the river. This, after I had captured most of the deserters. Under these circumstances it seems to me to be useless to send further orders to cross the troops.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, October -, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

This unfortunate order renders hopeless any further effort to this end.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMISTEAD'S BRIGADE,Dallas, Ga., October 4, 1864.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I received information through my scouts at Van Wert and Stilesborough, this morning, that a force of the enemy about 150 strong visited the former place Saturday, returned to Stilesborough Saturday night, and left that place Sunday morning in the direction of Cartersville. One of my scouts was in Stilesborough last evening and was informed by citizens there that this force of the enemy visited that place about three times a week. I sent one of my best squadrons last evening in the direction of Rome with instructions as contained in General Hood's communication and your note of yesterday. I have another squadron between this and General H.'s headquarters, scouting at and beyond New Hope Church, and another about Burnt Hickory on the Stilesborough road. Inclosed you will find ordnance report of this brigade showing number of guns, 580; pistols, 34. About fifty men were detailed to go home from Opelika and remount themselves,

