
not conforming to the regulations of the Provisional Army, scant in men and abounding in officers, with every variety of obligation for local service, generally of the most restricted character, and for the brief period of only six months. Thus it was that you were enabled to indugle the vain boast of raising some 16,000 men for the defense of the State, while, in fact, scarce a decent division of 4,000 men could be mustered for the field, and those only for six months' service. From the time they were passed to Confederate service there was pressing necessity for their presence in the field, for Georgia was not only menaced, but actually invaded, and the number was too limited to allow subsitution or furlough. a Part from this, you persistently claimed that they should be held and regarded as militia. In that view they could not, if dismissed, be recalled on emergency as local troops, and this naturally induced their detention for the full period of their limited term of service.

To your last reason I refrain from replying as its character would justify. I cannot think the significancy of the language quoted has been duly appreciated by Your Excellency. I prefer to consider them as incosiderate utterances rather than the foreshadowing of a guilty purpose to array your State in armed antagonism against the Confederacy and so to betray the cause of herself and sister States. Such purpose I know would be scroned and rebuked by her heroic soldiery and loyal people, and it will not, while it be possible to avoid it, be ascribed be me to one whose official station makes him their recognized organ. I must, however, gravely regret that the spirit of Your Excellency's past action and public expressions has caused grievous misconceptions in reelings and purposes of yourself, and perhaps of others of influence in your State, in the convictions of our enemies, to their encouragement and the mortification of many patriotic citizens of the Confederacy. Our enemies appear to have conceived you were even prepared to entertain overtures of separate accommodation, and that your State, so justly proud of its faith, valor, and renown could be seduced or betrayed to treachery and desertion. So painful a manifestation of the hopes inspired by your indulgence of resements and suspicions against the Confederate Adminstration will, it is hoped, awaken to consideration and a change of future action. To the Department it would be far more grateful, instead of being engaged in reminding of consitutional obligations and repelling unjust imputations, to be co-operating with Your Excellency in a spirit of unity and confidence in the defense of your State and the overthrow of the invader.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,October 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that should Sherman cross the Etowah you will have parties from your command to break the railroad and telegraph as often as possible between the river and Chattanooga.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

