
three 24-pounders and one 24-howitzer. Let me know. Recollect I want to go Thursday with you to Beaufort to examine into what we need there. But I am willing to do anything that you will advise for the present.

Truly,

F. W. PICKENS.

[4.]

Nashville, TENN., April 29, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS,

Secretary of State:

SIR: Under iinstructions from the Government, I left Montgomery on Thursday evening and arrive at this place on Saturday. Governor Harris having been informed of my arrival, gave me an interview promptly, and I had that honor of delivering to him my letter of credence from the President. He gave me a warm reception, and expressed his gratification at my mission at this important conjuncture. The information which he gives me is of the most immportant and satisfactory character, and he will heartily co-operate with me in accomplishing the objects of my mission. The Legislature assembled in accordance with his proclamation, and upon receiving his message, resoved forthwith to go into cecret session. It was thought best also to withhold the message from publication; the Governor has, however, submitted a copy to me. He recommends that the connection of Tennessee "with the Federal Union be formally annulled in such manner as shall involve the highest exercise of sovereiign authority by the people of the State, and best secure that harmony so much to be desired, in times like the present, upon questions of even mere details." * * * "Therefore I respectfully recommend the perfecting of an ordinance by the General Assembly formally declaring the independence of the State of Tennessee of the Federal Union, renouncing its authority, and reassuming each and every function belonging to a separate sovereignty; and that said ordinance, when it shall have been thus perfected by the Legislature, shall at the earliest practicable time be submitted to a vote of the people, to be by them adopted or rejected." * * * "I therefore further recommend that you perfect an ordinance, with a view to our admission as a member of the Southern Confederacy (which it is evident must soon embrace the entire slave holding States of the South), to be submitted in like manner, at the same time, but separately, for adoption or rejection by the people; so that they may have the opportunity to approve the former and reject the latte, or adipt both, as in their wisdom may seem mesto consistent with the future welfare of the State. However fully satisfied the Executive and Legislature may be as to the urgent necessity for the speedy adption of both these propositions, it is our duty to furnish the amplest means for a fair and full expression of the popular will."

The object of the Governor in recommending separate ordinances is to secure beyond all possibility of doubt the speedy secession of Tennessee from the Government of the Unitegislature will within the present week carry out these recommendations of the Governor, and the first proposition will be ratified by an overwhelming popular vote. As to the second, which provides for the admission of Tennessee as a member of the Confederate States, there will be decided opposition, for many desire to establish a middle confederacy, formed of the border States, as they are termed. You will readily comprehend

