
they have only moved out to cover the flanks of their army as it moves northward and across the Etowah, but as I do not know what force you have guarding the roads to my right and rear, they might pass in direction of Cedartown. This, I suppose, is a part or all of the force reported at Van Wert last night. The enemy on Rome road went back in direction of Rome this evening. I am seven miles from Rome, on Cave Spring road.

Respectfully,

F. C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 11, 1864.

Major General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

GENERAL: The President has referred to me a telegram from General Beauregard, stating that he had arranged satisfactorily matters between Governor Brown and yourself relating to exempts and State militia, with the request that I will endeavor to learn whether the arrangements are conformable to law and the necessities of the service. In comfority with this direction, I have the honor to ask that you will inform the Department of the precise nature of the arrangement made. Some apprehension is felt, in view of Governor Brown's well-known opposition to some of the laws of Congress, as well as to the Administration, lest the obligations of the Constitution and laws, as well as the position taken by the Department, may be compromised by his propositions.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY,Near Cedartown, Ga., October 11, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Brigadier General F. C. ARMSTRONG,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Jackson to say that Ross's brigade will be withdrawn to a position near Cedartown early in the morning, guarding in the direction of your present position, and that if the enemy is not pressing you, you will move with your own and Gholson's brigade early in the morning and make a demonstration on Rome. He wants the demonstration to be made in force and boldly, but not to fire a gun in the direction of the city.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' BRIGADE,October 11, 1864-11 o'clock.

Brigadier-General JACKSON:

GENERAL: The enemy reported in my last dispatch have gone into camp at Tomlison's house on Van Wert and Rome road, three miles and a half in my front. They have twenty wagons with them. My scouts have reconnoitered their camp and find that it can be approached

