
Big Shanty. The work being done to the road is of a light and unsubstantial character. They are also engaged in working on the bridge which was burned at Allatoona Creek. No train was passed between Marietta and Allatoona since the 3rd of this month. The Fourth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Army Corps (Federal) passed Acworth on the 10th, 11th, and 12th instant. They said they were going to Kingston. A very long wagon train accompanied them. The number of troops to be seen about Acworth not engaged in repairing the road did not exceed 100 (infantry). The post is commanded by a colonel, whose name I could not ascertain.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. BRIGHT,

Lieutenant, &amp;c.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General S. W. Ferguson.

T. C. FLOURNOY,

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

I have news from Van Wert, Burnt Hickory, and Dallas. No enemy at either point.

FLOURNOY,

Captain.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 14.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Jackson.

Lieutenant Bright is perfectly reliable.

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS,Villanow, October 15, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that as soon as you receive this you will immediately concentrate all the cavalry you can and strike the railroad between the Etowah and Chattahoochee. In doing this you must leave a sufficient force to cover the immediate line from Jacksonville to the Coosa; but General Hood considers that this movement will, in a great measure, cover your present line. Tear the road to pieces all you possibly can between the rivers above mentioned.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Received 7 p. m., October, 16; answered 8.30 a. m., October 17; and moved at once.

W. H. J.

[39.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 17, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Augusta, Ga.:

I much regretted the necessity which prevented me from going as far as our State and deprived me of the pleasure of seeing you. The spirit

