
I hope that he will for that reason be superseded. Colonel Gause will tell you that there is great anxiety for the safety of Richmond, but from all that I can learn it will be held by Lee until he can be relieved by the new troops that are being put into the field. Beauregard is in command of this (Taylor's) department and of Hood's. He is now near Hood's army directing its operations. The events of General Johnston's campaign are still discussed very warmly. It seems to me that the popular confidence in him has been greatly shaken. He will hardly have another command. We Missourians are watching very eagerly the developments of your campaign. Upon it depend all our hopes. I trust that you will be able to occupy the State to such an extent as to prevent the Yankees from holding their election, and that we will be able to elect a Legislature and State officers. The importance of this cannot be exaggerated; but I need not enlarge on this topic, as you all understand it fully. I regret far more than I can express that I am not with you. I feel every day more and more that I ought to have remained with the Army. It is thought that the approaching session will be brief, though several important measures will be brought before it relating to the currency and the arming of the negroes. You would be amazed to witness the favor with which this latter measure is regarded. My own prejudices are against it, though I am willing that they shall be required to fill all the inarmed places in the military establishment, those requiring great intelligence and education, of course, excepted.

With the kindest regards to all my friends with you, and my very best love to you all, I am, my dear general, very devotedly, your friend and servant,

THOMAS L. SNEAD.

[39 and 41.]

JACKSONVILLE, ALA., October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Selma:

General Beauregard desires to see you at Gadsden as early as practicable. The commandant of post at Boue Mountain has been ordered to supply you with a conveyance from that point.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

JACKSONVILLE, ALA., October 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Beauregard is now with General Hood. Department headquarters will be removed to-morrow to Oxford, Ala.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]
HDQRS. Georgia RESERVES AND MIL. DIST. OF Georgia,Macon, Ga., October 22, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 11th instant only reached me by yesterday's mail, and I reply at once. The only arrangement made between General Beauregard and Governor Brown, within my knowledge, places

