
these men having become a portion of the militia, I held that whilst in active service the State had a right to hold them. There was another reason. The militia is composed of exempts and details. The first class is beyond the reach of the Confederate law, and if the latter was with drawn it would so weaken the militia as to mkae it almost useless; whereas, being kept together I hope to have in active service an effective militia organization, which, being under the absolute control of the Confederate authorities, can be made available for all our purposes of defense.

I submit that everything that has been done has been at our own suggestion and has so far worked well. In compliance with orders from Generals Beauregard and Hood they are now concentrating all the militia, with such troops as I can raise at Griffin, for a demonstration on Atlanta. Everything is working to the one main object of getting into the field every man that can be had; and whilst I have long since lost all respect for Governor Brown, and that feeling is on the daily increase, I am using every effort to have harmonious co-operation in the great work of the defense of the State and country. If the policy which has been pursued is wrong it is my fault, and I hope you will do me the justive to attribute it to a want of better sense, for I assure you it has been prompted by an earnest desire to do what is best for the country. Neither the dignity of the Confederate authorities nor its Constitution and laws shall be intentionally compromised in my hands.

I am, with sentiments of sincere regard, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[39.]

CEDARTOWN, October 23, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The party of the enemy which fired on my picket was a small scout of twenty or thirty men and retired before reaching the first picket post. I have a party pursuing them. I understand my instructions to be that if forced back by superior force I cover the Jackson road. Please let me know if any of General Jackson's command pickets the Rome road and other roads from that direction.

Respectfully,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS GHOLSON'S BRIGADE, CAVALRY,Near Goshen, October 23, 1864-8 a. m.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Yours of yesterday received. I know nothing of the amount of cavalry between here and Cave Spring, but presume there is none. I will keep you informed if anything of importance transpires. In obeying your order to report to Colonel Hannon, beyond the Coosa, I met General Hood, and he ordered me to return to this side of the river and take position to watch and oppose any attempt of the enemy to cross to this side of the river, and to report to him at Jacksonville. I have scouts in the neighborhood of Center. A courier from them last night

