
reports no enemy on this side of the river, but in heavy force on the opposite side, extending from Cedar Bluff to Edwards Ferry.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. L. LOWRY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,October 23, 1864-12 o'clock.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The scout has returned from near Wright's farm, on the Rome and Center road, and reports two bridges having been made on the river. Their pickets are on this side of the river, and the barking of dogs extends a considerable distance up and down the river. My picket is at Newton Green's house, where the roads fork, one leading to Thomas' Mill and the other to Rome.

Very respectfully,

J. L. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,October 23, 1864.

Captain MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Scout has just returned from Quinn's Ferry road. He reports that a citizen told him that the enemy were moving their wagons to Cedar Bluff and that infantry forces were also moving. No enemy on this side of the river.

Respectfully,

J. L. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Gadsden, Ala., October 23, 1864.

Colonel NEWMAN,

Commanding Post:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you will take control of all the boats within your reach on the Coosa River, including the steamer, and on the approach of the enemy to this place you will move them down the river, from ferry to ferry, as safety may require. You will give all the assistance in your power to crossing Jackson's cavalry at such point as they may strike. He also directs that you will establish a line of couriers from Oxford, Ala., to some point where you can communicate with the line of couriers between Major-General Wheeler and the headquarters Army of Tennessee, selecting careful men for this purpose, making arrangements with Wheeler's line to send on dispatches. You will endeavor to maintain and protect our communications across the Coosa River as long as practicable, using your conscript supporting force to the best advantage.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

