HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Jacksonville, October 24, 1864-3.15 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry;

GENERAL: I have withdrawn Armstrong's and Ross' brigades and am on the move for the army. I have left Ferguson in command of the cavalry on this side of the river, which embraces his own, Gholson's and Morgan's brigades. They are now posted as follows: Ferguson at Cedartown, Morgan at Cave Spring, and Gholson (Colonel Lowry's cavalry) at Goshem, three miles northwest of Ladiga. I directed Ferguson to place himself in communication with you at once, and furnished him with a copy of my orders, which sets forth General Hood's wishes as to your line. I would suggest that you place another brigade with a good commander on this side of the Coosa, so as to have two divisions, the one on the line from Cedartown to Cave Spring, guarding toward Rome, Stilesborough, and Van Wert, the other concentrated about Ladiga to guard the Coosa. Since I left this morning river, nineteen miles below Rome. I sent this information to General Ferguson, who is at Cedartown, and suggested to him that in case the report was true and the enemy should advance toward this place, to concentrate his force at Ladiga; and also directed Colonel Lowry to scout well up the river and to keep you informed of the enemy's moves. My command will cross at Greensport. I will ride to Gadsden early to-morrow and shall expect, if convenient to you, to meet you there. I shall try to reach Gadsden between 11 and 12 m.

With respect, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

I received the dispatch written by Lieutenant Hudson, aide-de-camp, of October 22, 12.10 p. m., at 10 a. m. to-day.;

W. H. J.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, near Summit, October 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General ADAMS, Talladega, Ala.:

All cattle between Selma and Blue Mountain designed for this army should be sent to our new base at Tuscumbia, Ala. Clanton's brigade will be ordered to you as soon as it can be spared from the army. A line of couriers is establiushed from Oxford to the rear of this army. General Wheeler has been directed to advise you of the movements of the enemy.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

OXFORD, ALA., October 25, 1864.

General DANIEL W. ADAMS,

Talladega, Ala.;

General Beauregard desires great energy to be used to forward all serviceable troops without delay to Corinth. Do not permit any such men to come up the road.

E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[39.]

