
that personal considerations influence opinion to some extent in regard to this measure. From all that I can learn, however, I do not doubt that the people, by a large majority, will vote to add Tennessee to her sister States of the South. A number of the leading men here have already called on me, and they favor it. The governor warmly advocates it in his message and in conversation. he is unwilling to interpose a convention between himself and the people, and therefore proposes to decide the question in the way suggested. A great cchange has taken place in public sentiment here within a few days, and the feeling in favor of our Government rises into entgusiasm. The flag of the Confederate States floats along the line of travel, from public residences and public buildings, and in this city it is largely dispalyed.

So soon as the ordinances referred to shall pass the Legislature I shall confer with Governor Harris as to measures for bringign the State into such relations to our Government as may insure thorough co-operation, and facilitate the admission of Tennessee as a member of the Confedereacy. Ii shall be pleased to have your views as to the proper steps to be taken by the State, and will, I am informed, appropriate $5,000,000 for that object. The State is very deficient in arms and ammunition, and the greatest anxiety is felt to obtain them; any amount of money can be raised fro that purpose. It is proposed to bring into the field from 20,000 to 25,000 troops, and to provide as many more as a reserved force. The spirit of the people is roused, and the war popular beyond description. By existing laws the Governor has no authority to send troops beyond the limits of the State, but the Legislature will authorize him to order them to any point, and in anticipation of this, or under the pressure of affairs, Governor Harris is now sending troops into Virginia. The greatest activity is diisplayed in providing military stores, and our Government is looked to eagerly to supply them. I do not know to what extent that can be done, and shall be leased to have early and prcise information on the subject.

Some 200 tons of lead and other stores intended for this State fell into the hands of the Federal troops at Cairo a few days since. A remarkable transaction, by the way, vor the Government at Washington, having made a requisition on Tennessee for troops, surely should allow them to receive munitions of war. Professing to regard Tennessee as loyal, its agents intercept military stores ordered by the Governor. That act has roused the people, for the free navigation of the Mississippi is a mateer so important to the people of this State that they have embodied a declaration that it shall forever remain so in their organic law. The leading men here have generally called on me, and I am impression favorable to our Government, and I do not doubt a speedy accomplishment of the objects of my mission. Our Constitution is highly approved, and the conduct of our Government inspires respect and admiration. The Kentucky troopr Gov ernment are at this time in the city. They make a fine appearance and are eager for action. I learn that the people of Kentucky want arms. If they had them that State would promptly throw off the authority of the Government at Washington. The Governor will to-day, in a special message, communicate to the legislature the fact and object of my mission. I was invited to deliver a speech in the Capitol on Satturday evening-indeed, bills were posted throughout the city stating that I would do so-but I declined, preferring to wait for an introduction to

