
the Legislature before addressing the public. I shall hope to receive such instructions from you as may enable me fully to carry out the wishes of our Government.

I have, &amp;c.,

HENRY W. HILLIARD.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, April 29, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

I am here for the purpose of procuring arms for defense of counties in Kentucky bordering o the Mississippi and mouth of Ohio. We are without means of defense and depend upon sister States for aid. Can you sell or loan us 5,000 stand, or how many? It is of greatest importance that we should have them for immediate protection. No arms can be had here.

OSCAR TURNER,

Of Ballard County.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., April 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a letter* from General Duff C. Green, Mobile, for your consideration. I have received within the last few days several letters of a similar character from respectable citizens of that city. It is manifesnt that they are uneasy in regard to their situation, and that they believe that sufficient preparations have not been made for the defense of the city. I am unable to say of my own iknowledge whether these fears are well grounded or not, but suppose there must be some just reasons fro their apprehensions. You no doubt have had this subject under consideation, and are taking such action in regard to itt as you deem necessary. These suggestions may, therefore, be unnecessary, but I trust you will pardon me for calling yur attention to a matter which is deemed of such vital importance by the citizens of Mobile. The State of Alabama is ready to co-operate with the Confederate Government in providing the proper defenses for the harbor and city. Will you do me the favor to advise me what steps have been taken, if any, for this purpose other than the preparations at Fort Morgan? The great importance of this matter to the State of Alabama will excuse me for making this inquiry, as it is not intended to imply that the Confederate Government is not discharging its duty toward the common defense of all the Confederate States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE.

[1.]

ALABAMA AND FLORIDA RAILROAD COMPANY,

Montgomery, Ala., April 30, 1861.

President CHARLES T. POLLARD:

DEAR SIR: In a day or two the road will be completed, and my conviction of the necessity of having a watch stationed at our principal

