
bridges, mentioned in a recent conversation, has been strengthened by noticing the arrest of some parties in North Carolina for attempting to destroy the bridges on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. It is true our road traverses a friendly territory throughout its entire length, but knowing the unscrupulous character of the enemy with whom we have to deal, and satisfied of the presence amongst us of his emissaries, who would glory in inflicting on our road an injury, and through it a most seveere blow against our Government, I deemed it my duty to call attention to the matter and ask your instructions. As the Government is so deeply interested in the maintenance of uninterrupted communication with Pensacola, the Secretary of War might feel that the most useful disposition which could be made of a portion of the numerous volunteers offering service would be to station a sufficient force at the important bridges, a list of which I append on next PAGE.

Very respectfully,

SAML. G. JONES,

Chief Engineer.

First bridge across Pine Barren Creek, 25 miles above Pensacola 700 feet long; next bridge across Canoe Creek, 38 miles above Pensacola, 300 feet long; next bridge across Escambia River, 44 miles above Pensacola, 2,000 feet long; next bridge across Little Escambia, 47 miles above Pensacola, 500 feet long; next bridge across Burnt Corn, 55 miles above Pensacola, 1,000 feet long. There are other bridges over Murder Creek and Sepulga and about 1,100 feet in length, but they are so far in the interior that I do not apprehend much trouble; but from Pensacola to Burnt Corn the railroad runs parallel with the Big Escambia for a few miles distant, and an enemy under the guise of a timber trader might prowl around in the neighborhood of the road and do any amount of mischief without much probability of detection, unless in the manner suggested, by having a guard stationed at the bridges.

S. G. J.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, April 30, 1861.

(Received 3.55 p. m.)

General BEAUREGARD:

Charlestoct the field shot-furnace to be sent to Pensacola.

J. GORGAS.

[1.]

Nashville, April 30, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Give Governor Harris power to recall Virginia troops if necessary. It will not be exercised unless in extremes. He will be candidate again, I think, and we want him right beyond cavil before the masses. I will be ready to leave Saturday.

W. B. BATE.

[4.]

