
men I must disband or furlough them. I cannot even procure a blanket. I fear I shall not be able to even pay them. I depended on a contract made in Augusta, Ga., for the printing of State notes, and Sherman will probably interfere with my financial arrangements. Unless, therefore, you can take these troops and feed, clothe, and pay them, I fear that their services will be lost. I have about twenty-six mounted companies, and two infantry. Several others organized, but their rolls not yet received. I think the most of them would go into Confederate service if they could be accepted in the reserve corps as they can be retained in their present organization, if clothed and paid by the Confederate States while in its service. A large majority are not liable to conscription, and very many not subject to enrollment in the reserves - boys under seventeen and men over fifty. It would be bad policy to disband them at this crisis. I send you inclosed copies of my proclamation and my circular to sheriffs.* I hear that mahny deserters are coming in. If I could follow this up by vigorous measures it could be made effectual. I sent two companis of cavalry to Choctaw County. There was no C. S. officer there commanding to whom they could report, and I shall have to withdraw them for want of forage. There are more deserters there than elsewhere. It is estimated that 500 are in that county. I believe there are at least half that number, and a large number of them armed and in organized bands. I should be pleased to hear from you in regard to the State troops. Should not the Confederate States pay for the time they are in C. S. service? Several companies have been in that service for months. Their pay is now due, and their pay-rolls being made out; should not the rolls be made against the Confederate States. All the State troops are now in C. S. service and under C. S. officers, except the companies not fully organized. The militia called out at your request have not been paid. They were called for C. S. service, and I cannot pay them. In case you again call for the militia it will be necessary that you make provision for their rations and forage. They will be allowed to report to such C. S. commanders and at such places as you may designate. I should have written to the Secretary of War in regard to the State troops, but this is now impossible. I presume you can take the responsibility or refer it to General Beauregard. I respectfully request an early answer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

[45.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., November 28, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

General Beauregard desires that you make such disposition of Adams' cavalry as will cover Selma and Montgomery from raids in direction of Pensacola. You will call on Governors Watts and Clark for all the aid in their power, shoudl Mobile be seriously threatened; also on General Withers. General Adams should hold himself in readiness to support you at a moment's notive. Armistead's brigade will go by rail if practicable.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

