
department, but with limited forces, and demands for them from all sides. I fear we will have to make an election, and if so, I think it better to save the producing than the consuming portion. General Withers, under date of the 26th ultimo, sent an order authorizing me to organize the cavalry reserves. I am doing all in my power to collect and organize them, but so far have only eight companies. I telegraphed him to-day for authority to organize the infantry reserves, detailed men, &amp;c. He replies that he is about publishing an order on the subject. It seems to me there has been great delay in this matter. But, as you know, general, they will be but a poor dependence at best. If possible, I ought to have a cavalry reserve of two brigades and a like force of infantry (of which I have none). But I hope you will send me all you can spare, and, with or without them, will assure you that I will make the best defense in my power.

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[45.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., December 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General GHOLSON,

Aberdeen, Miss.:

Rendezvous such of your command as may be in Mississippi at some point in vicinity Okolona. This order not to interfere with such organized parts now serving in the army, but only to enable you to collect stragglers and absentees. Thirty [days] will be allowed for this purpose. Report by telegraph your actions.

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 87. Richmond, Va., December 10, 1864.

I. The following roll of honor is published in accordance with paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 131 (1863). It will be read to every regiment in the service at the first dress-parade after its receipt:

* * * * *

MISCELLANEOUS ENGAGEMENTS.

First Battalion Confederate Infantry.

Corpl. B. J. Hugan, Company B, Corinth, Port Hudson, Grand Gulf, Baker's Creek, Wilderness; Private John Kelly, Company C, Fort Pillow, Corinth, Grand Gulf, Port Hudson; Sergt. Adolph W. Leslie, Company E, Fort Pillow, Corinth, Port Hudson, Baker's Creek, Jackson, Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court-House (killed in latter engagement); Private Patrick Finegan, Company F, Corinth, Port Hudson, Grand Gulf, Baker's Creek, Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court-House, Bethesda Church; Private Mitchell Smith, Company I, Fort Pillow, Corinth, Port Hudson, Grand Gulf, Baker's Creek, Jackson, Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court-House, Liberty Mills, Cold Harbor.

* * * * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

[10, 17, 24, and 36.]

