
In my letter of June 6 I state the necessity for organization of the non-conscript population; the many and grave objections to the use of the militia; the superiority of the system of defense proposed by voluntary organizations for home defense, and the motives that might be addressed to the people to adopt that mode of defense. I state in that letter that "for this (the organization) the legislation of Congress has made a full provision by two laws - one entitled 'An act to provide for local defense and special service,' approved Augusta 21, 1861, the other entitled 'An act to authorize the formation of volunteer companies for local defense,' approved October 13, 1862, to which your attention is invited, and of which, as they are brief, copies are appended.

"Under the former of these, if organizations could be effected with the limitations presented in the muster-rolls of service only at home, or at specified points of importance within the particular State, they would be admirably adapted to obtain the desired ends of calling out those less qualified for the service; of employing them only when and so long as they might be needed; of having them animated with esprit de corps, reliant on each other and their selected officers, and of thus securing the largest measure of activity and efficiency perhaps attainable from other than permament soldiers.

"After the most active and least-needed portion of the reserves were embodied under the former law the latter would allow smaller organizations, with more limited range of service for objects of police and the pressing contingencies of neighborhood defense. Could these laws be generally acted on, it is believed, as full organization of the reserve population would be secured for casual needs as would be practicable."

I closed that letter by saying, "I am instructed by the President, in his named, to make on you a requisition for 5,000 men, to be furnished by your State for service therein, unless in the intermediate time a volunteer force, organized under the law for local defense and special service, of at least an equal number, be mustered and reported as subject to his call for service within your State." In my telegram of the 12th I say, "Your assurance of co-operation is gratifying. Organizations under the law of the Provisional Congress are preferred, because of their longer term of duration and greater adaptation for ready call on tempoary service, and then for dismissal to their ordinary pursuits." I stated to you that "I did not suppose there would be such difficulties, delays, or confusion as you anticipated; that the process of forming the organizations is very simple and familiar to your people as having been generally adopted in volunteering for the Provisional Army. There will be no occasion to send on to the Department here anything but the muster-rolls, which, under the regulations to be issued, may be verified by a judge, justive, or colonel of militia. I think, with deference to your opinion, the whole matter of prompt and easy accomplishment."

The regulations referred to were published on June 22, 1863. They declare their object to be to afford "instructions as to the method by which such organizations may be made and the privileges they may claim," and with these regulations the act of Congress of August 21, 1861, was published, which authorized the President to accept the services of volunteers, of such kind and in such proportion as he may deem expedient, to serve for such time as he may prescribe, for the defense of exposed placed or localities, or such special service as he

