
MONTGOMERY, April 30, 1861.

General G. J. PILLOW,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Captain Philip Stockton was not restricted to any particular point above Memphis. If Randolph is the more eligible point, and I am inclined to think it is, he is authorized to erect his batteries at that point.

L. P. WALKER.

If General Pillow is not in Memphis direct operator to deliver this to Captain Philip Stockton.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Monthomery, May 1, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: Your communication of yesterday in relation to the defenses of Mobile Bay and city is before me, and I have to inform Your Excellency that various instructions have been from time to time given by this Department on the susbject. In addition to those instructions the Chief of the Bureau of Engineers and Ordnance has been engaged for two days past, under the examinations and reports received from my officers at Forts Morgan and Gaines, in preparing a paper covering the whole ground of these defenses. Rest assured this Departtment has not been regardless of the apprehensions of citizens herein, but it has acted, and is still acting, with due respect to their wishes. The letter of General Duff C. Green was not inclosed in the envelope covering yours.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Montgomery, May 1, 1861.

Colonel W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Morgan, Mobile, Ala.:

COLONEL: You were informed by letter from this office, dated April 17, that your command was extended to Fort Gaines, Grant's Pass, and the approaches generally to Mobile. I am now instructed to state that you will consider your command as farther extended to include Grand Bay, Horn Island, and Ship Island, and all the approaches in any way connected with the defense of Mobile, and that you will direct Major Leadbetterr, of Engineers, to make a reconnaissance of tthe same.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

MEMPHIS, May 1, 1861.

General SNEED:

In disposing of the forces in and about this city it is only necessary at present to have competent artillerists in command of the artillery at Fort Randolph. The works at that position will require, ultimately,

