
[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for attention.

It may be proper subject for correspondence with General Taylor.

J. D[AVIS].

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 3, 1865.

Respectfully commenced to the attention of Lieutenant-General Taylor, commanding.

By command of Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, December 22, 1864.

General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Selma, Ala.:

GENERAL: As it seems now to be absolutely necessary to use cottom to produce some indispensable supplies for the Army, I have, after consulation with the honorable Secretary of the Treasury, thought that one general agent put upon the duty would enable the Government to make the most advantageous and economical use of cottom under a system of checks to be established by the agent in consulation with you. If supplies were required only for the use of yoru own department and army I should have nothing to suggest additional to your own circular, but as our Atlantic ports are threatened it will become necessary to accumulate supplies for general use. The agent designated is expected to be in accord with you and to carry out generally the plan indicated in your circular. In order that there may be no doubt on this point, I submit the order to you before publishing it and invite from you any suggestions. I propose the action contemplated in the order to meet the wants of the bureaus here, and yet to have only one common agent authorized to dispose of cottom in procuring supplies and munitions of war.*

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT,No.-. Richmond, December 22, 1864.

Hereafter no contract for supplies or munitions of war to be paid in cotton will be made exceept under the approval of the Secretary of War. John S. Wallis is hereby appointed special agent of the War Department within the limits of the military department at present commanded by Lieutenant-General Taylor. He will report to the Secretary of War through Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Bayne, at Richmond, but will at times upon cal furnish the commanding general full information of all his operations and supplies. He will be charged with the execution of all contracts involving the use of cotton heretofore author-

---------------

* For reply, see VOL. XLV, Part II, p. 772.

---------------

51 R R-VOL LII, PT II

