
the control of the State over her reserved militia while she determines to keep them, or to fill a requistion which the President had no right to make. I am happy to find that upon reflection you seem to see your error, and are prepared to accept this as a satistory adjustment of a controversy which you have unjustly provoked, and in which you cannot sustain yourself upon any known principle of resons or law.

You devote a greater part of your letter to another attempt to justify your bad faith to the Georgia troops called out under the President's requisition of 6th June, 1863, and to prove, contrary to the plain language of the requisition, that they were called for during the war. You complain of what you call my "garbled extracts," and you quote extensivly from the requisition, but you are particularly careful to so "garble" your own extracts as not to quote that essential part of it, twice stated in the letter, as I have already shown, that they were required only for six months. It was upon this requisition, with the two acts of Congress which you sent with it as the guide for my conduct, that I promised co-operation with you in the organization. The promise was redeemed both in letter and spirit, and your call for 8,000 men (not 5,000 as you now erroneously state in your last letter) was met with more than double the number required, organized in strict accordance with the plain language of the requisition and the acts of Congrees on that subject. As candor and truth at least are expected of one occupying your position, it is painful to witness the shifts to which to you resort to do injustice to my State, and to misrepresent the conduct of her Execute in a matter where he more than doubly filled your requisition. I am now favored by you will a copy of a general order issued by Adjutant-General Cooper weeks after the requisition was made, which I do not recollet that I ever saw till I received your letter, and you complain that I did not carry out your views as expressed in that order. I obey no orders from your Department; nor was this order furnished to me when you made the requisition or during the organization of the troops with even a request that I conform to it. I was asked by you to organize the troops, in accordance with your letter containing the requisition and the two acts of Congress, of which you inclose copies, for six months' service, with the pledges contained in your leter, to which I referred in my last letter, that they should only be called out for sudden emergencies, &amp;c. This I did on my part, and you refused to redeem the pledges made on your part. This is the whole case, and I here dismiss this part of the subject with my regrets that justice to myself and the large number of citizens of my State who suffered unnecessarily by your action has made it a duty for me to expose your had faith and the misstatements to which you have resorted to sustain an interpretation of your requisition which its plain language unquestionably precludes. By the expression in your letter that "it (the unanimous voice of the Legislature of this State) has but confirmed the opinion that the seeds of baleful jealousies, suspicions, and irritation that have so industriously beeen scattered among them (the people) have been wholly unprductive of the fruits anticipated," I am left to conclude that in your disingenuous effort by insinuation to call in question my motives in protesting against the President's usurpations and abuses of power, you, as is your habit, base your assertion upon an assumption of facts which do not exist. The Legislature of this State at the late session passed no resolutions, and expressed no unanimous voice upon any question connected with the conduct of the Administration of which you are a member, nor did they utter in its behalf any voice of approbation.

