SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11. Richmond, January 14, 1865.

XIV. The following companies of Alabama cavalry, known as Burtwell's regiment here organized into a cavalry regiment, to be designated the Eleventh Regiment Alabama Cavalry: Captain W. H. Jarman's company (A); Captain John Barr's company (C); Captain J. F. Doan's company (B); Captain Z. F. Freeman's company (D); Captain J. R. McDonald's company (E); Captain J. A. Steele's company (F); Captain T. E. Barner's company (G); Captain P. N. G. Rand's company (H); Captain C. J. Hyatt's company (I); Captain S. M. Moore's company (K).

* * *

John WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[45.]

MOBILE, January 17, 1865.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

MY DEAR SIR: Hood's army is not worth the value of a regiment if that officer is retained its command. The men have no confidence in him, and it cannot be inspired. I do not believe the army can be revived under him. It is a shattered debris of an army now, and needs careful, yet vigorous, handing to hold it together. I am not mistaken when I tell you that its voice is both unanimous and earnest for Johnston, and the public entirely accords with the army. No matter whether Johnston is a soldier or not, fights at the proper time or not, sound policy requires that he should be at once given to the troops who call for him and who trust him. I know the difficulty with Mr. Davis, but the simple fact of his gracefully yielding to the call would have an effect in restoring public confidence as great and as salutary as the return of Johnston. Men have been taught to look upon the President as a sort inexorable, self-willed man, who will see the country to the devil before giving up an opinion or a purpose. This sentiment is producing alarming consequences of despondency and despar. The President should cultivate the popular feeling, emerge from his shell, and disabuse the public mind. His enemies have the field to themselves, and they are demoralizing the people and ruining the cause through the blows they aim at him. We cannot win unless we keep up the popular heart. Mr. Davis should, come donw and grapple with that heart. He has the power to do it, in a rare degree, but he must not abandon the field to his enemies, for they strike at our cause through him. He has great qualities for gaining the confidence of the people. There are many who would joyfully leap to his side to fight with and for him and the country if he would step into the arena and make the place for them. He must trust his friends and the people and rally them to him in a war offensive and defensive against his declared enemies. I do not know that I make myself understood, but take for granted you see my meaning, for you must have anticipated my thought. My idea is that generally the President's enemies are the country's enemies-cowards weary of the war-if not traitors ready for dishonorable compromise with the enemy. These men are having the field to themselves. There should be organized resistance, and Mr. Davis should head it. I congratulate you on your successful defense at Wilmington. I am delighted that you were there and had that opportunity. I would be better pleased to see you on the other side of the Mississippi. I see Beauregard is back in Alabama to stay, I hear. Can it be possible

