
three companies of artillery, there being three batteries constructing there. There is now a fine company in command of the field battery at present at that post. You ought, if you can, to have organized two or three additional artillery comapanies in the city. Smith's regiment is ordered there as a protecting force for those works and batteries; let it remain there for the present. A company of artillery have been ordered to Fort Harris to man the guns there. It is Captain Warner's company. You must have it provided with transportation. Before Captain Patrick's company (a part of Colonel Smith's regiment) is removed to Fort Randolph, two companies from this city must take its place. These troops should be constantly drilled and instructed, so as to fit the troops for the field. All the heavy artillery which shall reach the city from Virginaia and Carolina, thirteen pieces, must be forwarded to Fort Randolph. When those works are completed, yurattention should be given to the organization of companies and manning the batteries at Randolph, so as to have all the guns in working order. There is one 8 inch howitzer gun at Fort Harris which should be removed to the works at Randolph, so as to have a heavy armament at that place. For the ultimate protection of these works and this city, there should be stationed at that post four pieces of field artillery, to be stationed in the open field on the bluff, and two regiments of infantry. In meeting the wants of the service of subsistence, for which $10,000 is at present provided on the branch of the Bank of Tennessee, your quartermaster and commissary must bring his checks to you that you may indorse your approval on them. If other dispositions should be required of the forces, or organizations should be needed, I will promptly communicate with you from Nashville.

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, May 1, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Could you assist Kenttucky with artillery and small-arms, and to what extent? I speak not without authority. I leave for Nashville to-morrow.

GID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, May 1, 1861.

Governor ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Nashville:

The troops you sent to Virginia you may recall hereafter, if you deem it necessary to do so. Tennessee not being of the Confedereate States, her contribution is considered voluntary.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

Nashville, May 1, 1861.

Honorable H. W. HILLIARD:

SIR: Your suggestion that we can probably be supplied with such small-arms as our necessities require relieves us of much painful anxiety on that account. Our people are now volunteering rapidly. Sev enty-odd companies have already tendered their services, and we

6 R R-VOL LII, PT II

