
colonel of a regiment of eleven companies. From these he can get a splendid regiment, and I esteen him one of the best officers in C. S. service. He has experience and proved in courage in the field. He is now captain in Wood's regiment. The most of these troops have been for several months in C. S. service and pay. Communication, &amp;c., is due them from the Confederate States. They should be mustered before withdrawn or transferred. If their officers are sent to conscript camps, how are these men to be mustered? How receive final certificate or discharge on which to be paid by C. S. paymaster? These difficulties are suggested for your consideration. I sincerely desire and will aid the immediate arrangement desirable, and leave it to you and the general commanding to settle the matter. I hope you will consult with him, as he is now counting on these troops as in the field for immediate service. I have directed an appeal in Simmons' case on account of the important principles involved, but do not intend to delay action. I send Captain Brown, assistant adjutant and inspector general, with this, who will return with you reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

ENTERPRISE, January 23, 1865.

CHARLES CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi:

I will accept the regiment but must all between the ages of eighteen and forty-five to the army proper and retain the reserves, as I have no authority to do othewise.

W. L. BRANDON,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, January 22, 1865.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond:

I can do nothing except furnish militia for thirty days. Have convened the Legislature for 20th of February. The order of the Secretary of War concribes the officers of the State troops as well as some of the men. I have urged their reception into Confederate service. If not, disorganization and loss of twenty companies of cavalry follows.

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

[45.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 1. Verona, Miss., February 13, 1865.

By virtue of orders received from headquarters District of Mississippi and East Louisiana, the undersigned hereby assumes command of al the Tennessee cavalry in this department, which, together with Ross' Texas brigade, will constitute a division, to be known as Jackson's cavalry division. In assuming command my efforts will be directed to a permanent organization, and such discipline as will secure good behavior everywhere, respect of citizens and their property. We must have system, and discipline in camp, on the march, and the battle-field. To this end, feeling fully identifield with the troops and having an interest in them, I earnestly invite the cordial co-operation

