
and support of both officers and men, who byu uniting their efforts with my own in calling back the absentees to their post of duty can perfect an organization that will reflect lasting credit upon themselves and our State. The following staff officers are announced: Captain E. T. Sykes, assistant adjutant-general; Captain T. B. Sykes, adjutant and inspector general; Major W. P. Paul, chief quartermaster; Major A. P. Slover, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain Lewis Bond, chief ordnance officer; Captain R. H. Smith, paymaster. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[49.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 22. Near West Point, March 22, 1865.

II. Colonel John F. Newsom, Nineteenth Tennessee Cavalry, will proceed to West Tennessee to collect all men absent from this command and keep them in camp and under strict rule and discipline. He will use the most summary means and measures to break up all bands of robbers and guerrillas, hanging the leaders of all such wherever found to have depredated upon our people. He will lend all assistance to agents of the quartermaster's department in getting up stock and forwarding same to the command. He will give notice to Colonel Swingley and Captains Lucas and Cushman to return at once to this command. On their failure to come out voluntarily he will kill the latter, place the first two in irons, and forward them to these headquarters and order all officers out.

By order of Brigadier-General Jackson:

E. T. SYKES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[49.]

DEMOPOLIS, April 4, 1865-11 a. m.

Colonel E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have just started special train with 40,000 rations to Uniontown for General Forrest. Sent Major Chalmers with the dispatch sent by you for Forrest,* with directions to instruct fully the courier that I have detained at Uniontown, which the adjutant at that place informs me is Forrest's escort company. I am satisfied that Chalmers camped last night at Marion. Negroes coming in from Cahaba state that they left there yesterday morning, and that 400 men of Armstrong's force have arrived at that place. I sent down on the railroad with the rations a company of forty men. I have no apprehensions about the train. I have the pontoon bridge down. Will have to have it open to let the boats pass up and down the river, but can have it placed in position again in a few minutes. Was not able to get any men here to place in the works. Have had 350 Enfield guns and 10 rounds of ammunition returned from McDowell's. I have ordered 150 cavalry under Colonel Morton to report here. I will arm them when they arrive, which I suppose will be this evening. Keep me posted as

---------------

* See VOL. XLIX, Part II, p. 1202.

---------------

