
to how things progress at Mobile and other points. If possible, allow the telegraph operator at this place to rest to-night, as he is sick, and I am fearful I will lose him altogether if he is kept up again to-night.

Respectfully,

John S. HOPE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[49.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., April 15, 1865.

Major-General SMITH:

The movements of the enemy in Central Alabama indicate an intention on their part to make an early movement upon Columbus and other points in Georgia. To enable us to meet this successfully, it will require the united efforts of all who are able to bear arms, whether they belong to the State or Confederate service. You, are, therefore, hereby directed to order out the militia of the State, subject to your command, to rendezvous at Columbus, as fast as possible. All who are subject to your command under your former orders from these headquarters are embraced in this call, and all subject to militia duty under fifty years of age who fall to respond will be turned over to Confederate service. I regret exceedingly to have to require them to leave their corps at this important period, but the movement of the enemy leaves no other alternative.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., Georgia MILITIA, Numbers 1. Macon, Ga., April 15, 1865.

1. In obedience to the above directions from the Governor and commander-in-chief, the militia of the State of Georgia, except those between fifty and sixty years of age, are hereby ordered to rendezvous, without delay, at Columbus.

2. The publication of these orders will be considered sufficient notice to all subject to militia duty in this command. Officers and men will observe that not only those under fifty years fifty years of age, who have previously reported, but all others subject to militia duty are embraced in this call, and all must report accordingly or be dealt with as deserters.

3. Captain of companies will send their men forward immediately, and will themselves be allowed three days, if necessary, to gather and send to Columbus all who fail to start. General, field, and staff officers and detachments will report at the rendezvous immediately. Captain Pruden's battery of artilleryy is included in this call.

4. No excuse will be acceptd from those who carried their arms home with them in case they fail to bring them back. All are enjoined not only to obey this order promptly, but they are authorized and directed to bring out all who owe service in the militia, and all public arms not in public use in their respective districts must be brought to the rendezvous.

5. The militia between fifty and sixty years of age in each county are required to hold themselves in readiness to respond at a moment's notice to future orders of the Governor calling them into active service.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

[49.]

