
FORT DONELSON, February 15, 1862.

General A. S. JOHNSON:

The enemy having invested our lines, it was determined to attack them, which we did this morning at 5.30 o'clock. General Pillow led the attack upon the enemy's right flank, and after a most obstinate and sanguinary conflict succeeded in driving the enemy from his position and forcing him back toward his left flank. General Buckner led the attack on the right, in which many of his troops displayed commendable determination and courage. General Johnson led his command with firmness and spirit in the conflict. Nothing could exceed the steady and determined courage of many of our troops. With numbers much less than the enemy we maitained a successful struggle, which continued for nine hours, and resulted in driving him from the field, with a loss on his part of 1,240-odd killed and wounded, and of whom 1,000 were killed. About 300 prisoners. We captured 6 pieces of artillery and over 1,000 stand of arms. Our own loss amounted to about 500 killed and wounded. They have a force of forty-two regiments.

John B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[7.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Tupelo, Miss., June 19, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c., Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your several telegrams and my replies relating to my relieving Major-General Lovell in command of Department Numbers 1 require more explanation than has been given. I am no less disappointed than yourself, but submit that other action on my part was improper-indeed, impossible. Immediately on receipt of your first dispatch it was forwarded to General Beauregard with the request to be relieved, and preparations by myself and staff commenced for the move. He replied immediately that I could possibly go, as he was compelled to leave himself under surgeon's certificate. We both telegraphed to that effect. Before receiving your reply he was gone, and after his departure the very fate of this army depended on my staying. Could it have been left with General Van Dorn I should have gone with confidence, but that was impossible, and no alternative was left me. No less than four general officers of important positions assured me they would not stay if I left. You will then appreciate the circumstances under which I acted. The importance of a prompt change where you directed is felt by all, but as success there may depend on preserving this army

