
enemy advanced, but if I had, it would have been a great hazard for me to have taken the command from General Bragg, who had studied and learned the situation. I respectfully suggest that a definition of my official position through General Cooper's office would have a good effect, both for my instruction and that of the department commanders. I trouble you on this subject from anxiety to be useful. If I know my own heart it harbors no other strong wish connected with official position in this war. I take Lieutenant-General Pembertons' silence as proof that the enemy is not making progrees in Mississippi. The newspapers say that they are attempting to open the Yazoo Pass. I was told at Jackson that it was impossible, or if not, easily made so. I telegraphed General Pemberton in relation to it. Our scouts and friends from within the enemy's line report that five Federal divisions have arrived since the battle. Cox's, from Western Virginia, and Sigel's, I suppose from the Potomac, are the last. Rosecrans' force is now estimated at more than double ours, including our large body of irregular cavalry. It is apprehended that it is large enough to enable them, while confronting our army with a superior force, to turn it at a distance by one or both flanks. If compelled to abandon the country beyond the mountains we cannot defend East Tennessee. It has too long a frontier, and cannot support the army. When you desire my presence at any point I will repair to it promptly on the expression of the wish. Suggestions or instructions from you would be very valuable to me, if you could find leisure to give them.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

I have suggested to the honorable Secretary of War that the troops which have been opposed to the lately arrived divisions of the enemy should follow their movement and join General Bragg.*

J. E. J.

[23.]

SHELBYVLLE, May 22, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, k

President, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR SIR: At length a full report of the Kentucky campaign by this army last autumn is sent forward.+ It has been deferred longer than it ought to have been, or than it would have been had I not desired to bury the contrversies arising out of those operations. They were at one time buried, but later events here caused their resurrection. After receiving the reports of Major-Generals Polk and Hardee, purporting to be of the battle of Perryville, but both going out of the record to disclose matters even deemed confidential and sacred, and which, unexplained, would subject me to the severest critisms and injustice, I determined to secure a modification of those points, or in self-defense refute them. My records for the latter purpose were in the rear, sealed and secret, upon the supposition they would never be necessary. Knowing my position to be impregnable, and failing to secure a burial of the whole matter, I have entered on it with deep regret,

---------------

* See VOL. XXIII, Part II, p. 656.

+ See VOL. XVI, Part I, p. 1088.

---------------

52 R-VOL LII, PT II

