
of the reasons which prevented what we so ardently desired. Of course it will be not be possible for the cordial official confidence to exist again between myself and officers who have thus openly violated so sacred a trust. Beyond this my personal and official relations have not been and shall not be affected. Believe me, my dear sir, that the defense I am forced to make, which I have tried by all honorable means to avoid, and have deferred until is exhausted, gives me no pleasure. I have daily prood, however, that it will remove many erroneous impressions in this army, and if possible give me a stronger hold on the confidence of the officers and men. The army is in fine condition, though now slightly on the decrease since the suppresion of the enforcement of the conscript law by our own officers. Our country is yet full of men capable of bearing arms, but we shall never get them as volunteers. The want of a reserve force to repair a disaster which may occur at any moment, and to fill up vacancies daily happending, is the great desideratum in our cause.

I am, dear sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[16.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Milledgeville, August 24, 1864.

F. W. CAPERS,

Commanding of Post, Milledgeville:

MAJOR: The Governor desires that all the troops at this post, with the home guard, be paraded daily at the capitol square. Though the capitol square will be the general rendezvous, His Excellency desires you to vary, at your discretion, the place of parade to the several main points of the inner line of defenses that the men may become familiar with them and exercised in the trenches. The views of the Governor will be found expressed in the inclosed letter to the mayor, Honorable B. B. De Graffenreid.

As we shall be threatened with raids while General Sherman's army occupies ground this side of the Chattahoochee, the utmost vigilance should be exercised and as great advancement made in military exercises as possible. His Excellency the Governor charges you especially on these points. A proper selection of scouts and system of scouting should be established and arrangements made with persons in the country for procuring information of any hostile advance. Whatever may be necessary in the way of material will be called for from the several department by the usual requisitions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[39.]
HEADQUARTERS Georgia RESERVES,Macon, August 24, 1864.

Major-General WAYNE,

Milledgeville:

GENERAL: I have this day stationed a cavalry force at Clinton, with instructions to throw out pickets to the right and left and as far to the

