
believ e it probable that we shall soon have tendered to the States 25,000 men. Could we obtain, therefore, 20,000 stand of arms, with accouterments, it would not be too many. Looking to the unprepared condition of Tennessee and Kentucky and the possible contingencies on the northwestern border within a few days, we are of opinion that this amount of arms, if at yur dsposal, could not be placed in position to do more effective service to the common cause of the slave-holding States than in the hands of our brave men, eager for the field of action. We beg to say, in conclusion, that promptitude in the supply is regarded here as of much moment.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

W. G. HARDING,

Military Board.

I fully concur in the above statement.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

Nashville, TENN., May 1, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I had the honor of ofrwarding to you on Monday a dispatch by William Knox, esq. On Monday the Governor sent a messsage to the Legislature, informing them of my presencxe in this city, accredited as the commissioner of the Confederate States; and both Houses immediately appointed a committee to wait on me and invite me to address them. yielding to their invitation, I fixed upon 11 o'clock on Tuesdday as the hour when I would meet the Legislature, in accordance with their resolution, and both branches of that body assembled in the Representative hall at that time to hear me. The doors having been thrown open to the public, a very large audience filled the spacious galleries, who manifested their sympathy with the object of my mission by enthusiastic applause. I addressed the Legislature at length upon the state of the country, and offered an argument in favor of the immediate secession of Tennessee from the Union and the speedy accession of the State to our Confederacy. The speech was greeted by the members of and every mention of President Davis and our Government brought out the heartiest demonstations of approval. A resolution was adopted to-day by both Houses, authorizing the Governor to appoint three commissioners to conclude with me a convention between the Confederate Stattes and the Statte of Tennessee, and they will doubtless be appointed forthwith. I do not know to what precise objeccts they may desire to limit their negotiations, for the ordinance of secession has not yet passed the legislature.

That the ordinance will pass that body within a day or two I do not doubt, but there exists a strong disposition with some of the members- those from East Tennessee-to call a convention, and leave to that body the task of adjusting the future political relations of the State with other States. Even Governor Harris, warmly our friend, thinks it possible that may be the better course, with the view of securing unanimity and preventing mischief. That the State will apply for admission into our Confederacy is conceded; the only question is as to the mode of forming the new relations with us.

