
gentlement of high character. Inclosed I send papers* submitted to me, which the Secretary of War may perhaps think worth examination. I write in the greatest haste, for I am closely engaged with the Legislature. The dispatch covering the convention concluded with Virginia has been received. I think Tennessee will adopt the Provisional Constitution through its Legislature.

I have, &amp;c.,

HENRY W. HILLIARD.

[4.]

JOINT RESOLUTION to appoint commissioners from the State of Tennessee to confer with the authorities of the Confederate States in regard to entering into a military league.

Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, That the Governor be, and he is herebe, authorized and requested to appoint three commissioners on the part of Tennessee to enter into a military league with tthe authorities of the Confederate States and with the authorities of such other slave holding States as may wish to enter into it, having in view the protection and defense of the entire South against the war that is now being carried on against it.

Adopted May 1, 1861.

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

B. L. STOVALL,

Speaker of the Senate.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, May 3, 1861.

General PILLOW,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of May 1 just received. Will assisst Kentucky when advised officially that it is desired.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, May 3, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

We are anxious that you sned no more men from Tennessee, Louisiana, Mississippi, or Arkansas north. We need them here. Cannot you send us some flying artillery?

SAM. TATE.

[4.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, May 3, 1861.

His Excellency Governor PETTUS:

SIR: This Department desires to establish a camp of instruction for two regiments of infantry from you State at some point in Marshall or Tishomingo County to be determined by Your Excellency. I have, therefore, to request that you will organize the regiments as soon as possible, and advise this Department of the point designated. They will be mustered into the service at the place of rendezvous, and when

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

