
this is done, they will be subject to the orders of this Government. General Clark, who bears this communication to Your Excellency, will inform you as to details.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, May 3, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

SIR: Would it not be advisable, in view of probable events in West Tennessee and Kentucky, to order to the camp of instruction two or four squadrons of cavalry and a battery of artillery of four or six bronze pieces? We can furnish the cavalry immediately, fully armed, and with sabers and pistols and Maynard rifles, if desired. The battery we have complete, except the harness, which is daily exepected, and the horses.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. CLARK,

Major-General, Army of Mississippi.

We have twelve companies of cavalry, and are preparing for the field thirty field pieces, 6 and 12 pounder howitzers (five of the 6-pounders are rifled cannon), with full suppluy of balls, shells, &c., for all. We need instruction.

[4.]

MOBILE, May 4, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

We are a committee appointed by the citizens of Mobile to wait on you at Montgomery to represent our exposed condition, to ask for arms and minitions for defense. We leave by first conveyance. Meantime we learn that the State artillery, possessing the only field pieces in the city, are ordered off. We protest against it in the name of a defenseless community and millions of property at the mercy of the enemy.

JOHN FORSYTH.

T. J. BUTLER.

L. W. LAWLER.

[1.]

MILLEDGEVILLE, May 4, 1861.

(Received 5th.)

L. P. WALKER:

Do you prefer that the regiment asked for on Monday last rendezvous at Macon or go immediately by companies without delay to Pensacola? Will you permit them to elect field officers there if they go immediately? I cannot supply tents, knapsacks, and accouterments to all. Please see that they are supplied. Answer immediately.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[1.]

Nashville, May 4, 1861.

General J. L. T. SNEED:

DEAR SIR: I was sorry I could not have seen you again before I left Memphis. I desired to call your special attention to the fact that Colonel

