
MONTGOMERY, May 6, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

I have been endeavoring to see you since early in the morning, to know if something could not be done to allay the fears (and I think just ones) of the citizens of Mobile on account of the exposed situation of that city. You will see from the inclosed telegraph that great alarm prevails there. I also understand that a town meeting has been held, and that a committee is now on the way here to lay this matter before you. On Saturday I, at your own request, sent a memorandum of a plan of defense for the city and bay of Mobile, and also of the adjoining Guolf coast. As it may not now be in the power of yur Department to organize the force for the defense of the coast on the plan proposed, I beg that you will at least order Colonel Hardee northwith to erect batteries at Grant's Pass, the east end of Dauphin Island, and at Choctaw Point. There are 24 and 32 pounders at Fort Morgan not mounted that can be used for the batteries at Grant's Pass and Dauphin Island, and the two long brass 24-pounders at Mount Vernon will do for the Choctaw Point battey. I also inclose a letteer from Colonel H. Maury, of the Second Regiment, asking that the companies of his regimeeent at Pensacola be ordered to join him at Fort Morgan, and suggesting that if the force at Fort morgan is thus increased Colonel Hardee would be enabled to put the three-years' men now in the fort at the batteries above named. I trust that this matter will have your immediate attention, and that you will at once, by telegraph, order Colonel Hardee to erect and man the batteries above referred to. My colleague (Mr. Smith) and myself waited two hours this morning to see you on this subject, but as you were engaged with the President, we could not do so. He will also address you a note on this subject, and we will be greatly obliged if you would let us know what we are to expect from your Department in reference to the defenses of Mobile.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

C. J. McRAE.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 7, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I learn from the committee of citizens from Mobile that Colonel Hardee thinks he has not force enough at Fort Morgan to defend that post and also to man the batteries proposed to be erected for the defense of the minor channels entering into the bay. It also appears from the letter of Colonel Maury, which I inclosed you yesterday (which Colonel Maury says was written with the approbation of Colonel Hardee), that if the balance of Colonel Maury's command (three companies, now at Pensacola) was ordered to Fort Morgan there would be force enough under Colonel hardee to defend all the points. May I not, therefore, ask you to order the three companies of Colonel Maury's regiment now at Pensacola to Fort Morhan, and also to issue a peremptoroy order to Colonel hardee to fortify the entrances to Mobile Bay, as suggested in my letter of yesterday. With these defenses the city would be comparatively safe, as it is not likely that an attack would be made on it by landing on the Gulf coast and then marching by land, without a much larger force than the enemy now have in the Gulf. You

