
will be asked for the two long brass 24-pounderes now at Mount Vernon by the committee, to have them cast into 6-pounder field pieces. The propriety of this is doubtful. The guns are good ones, and are trophis. They were taken by General Jackson from the Spaniards at Pensacola, and should not be destroyed unless the public service absolutely requirs it. Besides, a battery of 6-pounders can be made up for Mobile without this. I hope you will excuse me for being so importunate on the subject of the defenses of Mobile. It is a very important point, and my immediate constituents are deeply interested in it. Besides, it is not quite so big a job as the creation of the world. A telegraphic dispatch from you to Colonel Hardee would accomplisch the matter in a week-just the time it took to create the world.

Yours, truly,

C. J. McRAE.

[1.]

Nashville, TENN., May 7, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS,

Secretary of State, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the two ordinances to which I referred in my last dipatch-the one for secession and the other providing for the admission of Tennessee into our Confederacy-have passed the legislature by a large majority in both Houses. They are subject to ratification by the people, the vote to be taken on the 8th day of June next. That they will be ratified by an overwhelming majority of the people is not doubted by the best informed men here. The injunction of secrecy has not yet been removed, and the Governor, apprehending that an immediate publication of these important steps would precipitate an attack by the Northern troops upon the exposed frontier of Tennessee, desired that I should not communicate it, even by telegraph, until I could write, urging an immediate movement on the part of our Government in behalf of the State. Some 10,000 troops are stationed at Cairo, and Governor harris thinks it of the first importance that a considerable body of troops should be ordered to Union City, in this State, well armed and prepared for prompt action. The want of arms is the great want; 50,000 troops can take the field in a few days if arms can be supplied, but as it is not probable so large a force will be needed, it is desired that 15,000 stand of small arms shall be forwarded. The spirit of the people is fully roused; so popular a war I never saw, nor do I recall any recorded in history that called out a more prompt and uncalculating spirit on the part of the people.

The Governor has appointed three commissioneers on the part of Tennessee, Mr. Henry, Mr. Totten, and Mr. Barrow, who are authorized to conclude a convention with me similar to that concluded with Virginia. We are about to meet, and I must close this dispatch for that purpose. Of course you will have learned before you receive this that Arkansas has seceded with but one dissenting vote. Kentucky only wants arms to take the same step. Missouri is impatient for secession. I await your orders. I shall return home, bearing the convention agreed on with Tennessee, so soon as you direct me to do so. Please notify me by telegraph. I rejoice at the success which has so far attended my mission, and do not doubt its complete success.

I have, &c.,

HENRY W. HILLIARD.

[4.]

