
representations of the state of things in his locality, the importance of Columbus in a military point of view, will, I have no doubt, indicate the propriety of a compliance with the object of his visit, if within the policy of our Government. I commend Mr. Sharp to your civilities.

Yours, truly,

PERCY WALKER.

[4.]

Nashville, May 8, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

We need temporarily at Memphis the assistance of several good artillery officers. If at your disposal, order them to Memphis at once. We are thereatened with an early descent down the Mississippi with an armament of floating batteries.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

Nashville, May 9, [1861].

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

The movements of the enemy in the West indicate very clearly an early descent upon the Mississippi River. Our defenses are not completed, but we will have them far enough advanced by the time the enemy is rady to move, and we will have in these works an armament sufficient to command the river. The character of the country for 100 miles above is such as to make it easy for an invading column to advance through Western Kentucky and Tennessee, thus passing entirely to the rear of our works, or to thus turn the woks, attack them in reverse, and, if successful, capture our artillery and open the river. Our system of railroads invites this approach. We will of course see that these roads do not aid him. This movement by land to pass to our rear or turn and attack our works must be met. Our available force is at present inadequate for this purpose. Under these circumstances would it not be well to suspend the further movement of Tennessee troops to Virginia? A regiment of Arkansas troops (Colonel Flournoy's) will be in Memphis on Sunday next, on their march to Virginia. Until we can get better prepared to meet the enemy in the West, would you allow me to avail myself of its strength for that line until we have had time to get further organization of our own forces? We have only about 5,000 men under arms, but in twenty days we will have 25,000 ready to receive arms and to take the field if we can get the arms; but we are without a single battery of field artillery.

I have been placed by the Governor of Tennessee in command of the forces of Tennessee. The State has empowered the Governor to call into the field 55,000 troops, and appropriated $5,000,000, and the Governor of Tennessee will, as rapidly as it is possible, meet the public wants; but until we can call out this force and fit it for the field, we would be glad if you could find your other wants of a character to allow the use of the means above indicated to strengthen us in the West. These views have been laid before the Governor of Tennessee aobation. Be good enough tto consult the President of the Confederate States, and adv ise me on Saturday by telegraphic dispatch of the result, directed to Memphis. The relation that Tennessee now bears to your Government places the military arm of the State at the disposal

