
of President Davis; but by the law calling this force into the field it will be proper that your orders should pass through the Governor of Tennessee, or that he should be apprised of your wishes. My knowledge, however, of the Governor of Tennessee satisfies me that he will co-operate most cheerfully with the President in every measure deemed by him essential for the defense of the country. As events press rapidly upon us in the West, and time is not allowed for mail communication through him in reply to this dispatch, your answer by telegram on Saturday is important.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Major-General, Commanding the Army of Tennessee.

[4.]

CHATTANOOGA, May 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I understand some Enfield rifles have arrived in New Orleans from Europe. If any can by commanded by you it would place us under renewed obligations if you would order 1,000 of them for the use of our regiment. Our men are all from rural districts and thoroughly understand the use of the rifle, and most of them, being gentlemen of education and pride as well as valor, would take pains in perfecting themselves in the use of that weapon and keep them in order. If that cannot be had, the best weapin which you can command we will gladly receive. Governor Harris suggests it, and wrote you a hurried note to tthat effect, which I place, together with this, in the hands of Captain Cluskey (of the Avalanche), which will be handed you by him.* Cluskey has been assigned the duties of quartermaster for our regiment. Governor Harris has the list of those who are to constitute the staff in the command. Mr. Hilliard is along, and together with Cluskey can give you all information respecting the condition of Tennessee, the officers appointed by Harris, &amp;c. Genereal Pillow wanted to keep my command from going to Virginia, but Harris overruled him and bid me go. Our troops were raised for that service on the principle that any dunghill would fight in his own barnyard; but true valor is required to fight for a neighbor. Pillow has written to the President about it, and his reason to me for wishing to detain us was that we have in the Walker Legion the flower of the State. One hundred and thirty-seven companies have already been tendered to Harris, more than ge can arm or have use for, and why detain us? One or two of my too partial friends, I understand, have written you in regard to seniority of commission, not knowing who would command our brigade, a matter in which, of course, we feel deep solicitude. All that, of course, is submitted without importunity or pretension to your Govenrment. If the Enfield rifle can be had, please give an order to Cluskey for them and order them to Lunchburg, Va. We will try and not bring reproach upon the name which we have given our regiment. If you can find time to give Cluskey a short letter to me to whoever will be in command of the forces at Lynchburg consistently, I will appreciate it. Tennessee will leave the old sinking ships with a bound on the 8th of June, despite the charlatanism of any Johnson. We have several thoroughly educated and experienced physicians in our

---------------

*See Harris to Walker, May 7, p. 89.

---------------

