
regiment, and hence Erskine's appointment was unexpected, but Harris and I have agreed upon it, and I will do the best I can, I assure you, for any appointment of yours. I write this hurriedly between the arrival and departure of trains, and just before day. Excuse the haste. My compliments to Mrs. Walker.

Yours, truly,

WM. B. BATE.

[4.]

Nashville, May 9, 1861.

General WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I send a copy of the offer of the capitol of Tennessee to the Southern Confederacy. You will consider this a proposition from Tennessee that this may become the permanent seat of government for the South. Give us arms if you can possibly do so. The whole State is ready for the field. We intend to stand by Kentucky and bring her in. She is now under duress. When Tennessee and Knetucky are armed, they are a nation in the battle-field. Save our men as much as possible; they are the flower of the land. Our independence is now certain. Our army is invincible, and if we can avoid the sacrifice of our men we will have nothing to regret.

With high regard, yours,

S. R. COCKRILL.

[Inclosure.]

Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, That in the event the voters of this State decide to assume their independence and adopt the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the Confedereate States on the 8th day of June, 1861, then the President, Cabinet, and Congress of the Confederate States, now sitting at Montgomery, Ala., be, and the same are hereby, invitted to the city of Nashville, if the defense of our country in their judgment should make it expedient to do so, and that the capitol is hereby tendered them.

[4.]

JACKSON, May 10, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

In a military and political view, arming Northwest Tennessee is of vital importance to our cause. A few arms sent there instantly, or even encouraging word from the President, of much value to us. Please answer.

J. A. POWELL.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[4.]

NSHVILLE, May 10, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

It is probable that the north terminus of Louissville and Nashville road will soon be in hands of the enemy. We are also threatened from Cairo. If you have arms and munitions it is important that we know at once to what extent we be supplied. Colonel W. B. Bate's regiment started yesterday for Lynchburg.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]

