
SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE, MEMPHIS AND CHARLESTON R. R., EASTERN DIVISION,

Huntsville, Ala., May 10, 1861.

Honorable A. M. CLAYTON,

Montgomery:

DEAR SIR: I fear the Government at Montgomery does not fully appreciate the danger of our condition in the Mississippi Valley, and especially at Memphis. There are now over 7,000 troops at Cairo, and daily increasing, with large numbers at Indianapolis, Columbus, Centralia, and other points. In my judgment they intend making a simultaneous attempt to occupy Saint Louis, Columbus, Ky., Louisville, and other points in Kentucky and Missouri, upon which they will concentrate large numbers of men, and try and make a rush upon the interior and create a panic among the women and timid men and raise a row among the negroes. My opinion is that not a moment of time should be lost in concentrating every man that can be had in Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas as near the Kentucky line as we can get, in order to aid Columbus is she desiers it. We should have strong defenses also on the river. I write you on the subject, knowing that you feel as much interest in the matter as I do, and that you may be able to get the President and Secretary of War to orrder men and arms to our assistance at once. Dealy is dangerous. A first successful effort would greatly damage us. We are manufacturing caps successfully at Nashville. Will commence making powder there in a few days. I go to Memphis to-night. Let me hear from you.

In haste, your friend,

SAM. TATE.

[4.]

TRENTON, TENN., May 10, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, &amp;c., Montgomery, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: I came to this place my former residence, a few days since from my plantation in Noxubee County,, Miss., and found this whole rgion in a miserable state of unpreparedness, and totally unable to meet an invasion that is imminently threatened by U. S. troops from the North. There are now at Cairo, the southern point of Illinois, 7,000 men, well armed, having field artillery and plenty of heavy guns, and everything indicates that it is being made a strong point-d'appui, or basis of operations, for an extensive invasion of the country below. Itt is quite probable that in a few days a force of 20,000 or 30,000 men will be concentrated at Cairo, and in all this section there are only a few half-formed companies of volunteers and home guards, mostly witthout arms of any kind, to meet and repel any attempt at invasion. The defenses being prepared on the Mississippi above Memphis are totally inefficient when the river is down, and it is now rapidly falling. There are at Randolph, the second Chickasaw Bluff, about 1,000 men with two batteries under the bluff, but a force of 1,500 or 2,000 landed a few miles above can easily march around, take possession of the hills that overlook the batteries, and shoot down the men in them like bullocks in a pen. Another fort for the protection of these gatteres should be immediately constructed, or they will be of little use. In like manner a respectable force can be landed above Fort Harris and in a few hours be in the city of Memphis, where there are no defenses looki8ng landward. The best defense of Memphis, as well as all points below, on and off the river, may be made at Columbus, Ky. Below the mouth of the Ohio

