
River there is no strategic point of half so much importance, and it should be immediately occupied by a strong force, notwithstanding the neutral position of Kentucky. Self preservation demands it. A strong fort at that place and an auxiliary one at the old Jefferson Barracks at the mouth of mayfield Creek, eight miles above Columbus, with sufficient garrison in each, would protect the terminus of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and prevent the passage of any but an overwhelming force. If the Government of the Confederate States should not determine to take and fortify Columbus, then a strong force should be immediately sent to Union City, the intersection of the Mobile and Ohio with the Nashville and Northwestern Railroads, and to the point where the former railroadcrosses the Obion River, with field artillery and a sufficiency of heavy guns for several strong battereies. The Mississippi and West Tennessee volunteers should be concentrated at these points. Your Excelle me for making and urging these suggestions did you know the expose situation of this region, and the greater imminence of the danger from the recent action of the State of Tennessee and her alliance with the Confederate States of America.

I have the honor to be, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

WM. W. LEE.

[4.]

PRENTISS, MISS., May 10, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

SIR: The two new regiments (Twelfth and Thirteenth) Mississippi Volunteers are now rapidly assembling at the camp of instruction established at Corinth. I shall be there on Tuesday, the 14th instant, to organize them, cause the rolls to be made out, and have them ready for your order.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Major-General, Army of Mississippi.

[1.]

MIMPHIS, May 11, 1861.

(Received 12.30 o'clock.)

L. P. WALKER:

Jusst arrived. Go into camp to-morrow. Will dispatch fully Monday.

T. C. HINDMAN.

[4.]

MURRAY, KY., May 11, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

It is with pain that I acknowledge the necessity which induces me to write you. Our Legislature have so far disgraced themselves and to the extent of their power sullied the fair fame of Kentucky in not arousing our people and calling a convention. They are now in session, and I fear will not prove themselves equal to the occasion. I hope they may. Whatever their action may be will be known in a few days. In this end of the State we are entirely Southern. I have advocated secession ever since gallant Sounth Carolina led off. We are compara tively poor. What we have is in property, and from that source we

