
can raise no money. We are unarmed, comparatively speak8ing. Should Lincoln attempt to invade the South from Illinois, an intention of which is now evidenced by his concentration of a large body of troops at the mouth of the Ohio River, we, with arms in our hands, would resist to the death. This purpose of his may not be attempted until fall, owing to the Southern climate, yet I do believe that points in Kentucky will be taken possession of by his troops before then (to wit), the mouths of the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers and the terminus of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. The importance of those positions being held by friends of the South will be readily peerceived by a glance at the map. We do not intend for them to invade Kentucky soil, whether Kentucky, as she should, goes out or not, if we can prevent it. I have spent both time and money in endeavoring to procure arms for this end of the State, and I have so far only succeeded to a very partial extent. With letters from our Governor, Honorable J. C. Breckinridge, and H. C. Burnett, could I have furnished me arms by your Government for a regiment of 1,000 men, to assist in the defense of Southeastern Kentucky from the vanddal tread of the North so long as there may be hope for Kenttucky? Should we be disappointed in our cherished hope to take both men and arms? Southern Kentucky is my birthplace, and I should bee pained to be exiled from her while there remains a hope of her yet being true to her former character. Please write me,, and if arms can be furnished as above indicated, I will visit you immediately. I trust they can be. Address me at Paducah, Ky. Since the action of Virginia I have thought the likeness of Washington should be placed on the flag of the Confederate States. They are entitled to it, and I believe it would have an untold influence with the masses. I hope you may answer me soon.

Respectfully,

A. P. THOMPSON.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, May 11, 1861.

Governor PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

All the arms and heavy guns to spare have been sent in the direction you indicate.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

Nashville, May 11, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Can you supply us with a few well qualified ordnance, artillery, and engineer officers? We must have them; also cavalry arms and equipments for one regiment.

S. R. ANDERSON.

[4.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, May 12, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

SIR: There is very little doubt upon my mind that the settled purpose of the troops at Cairo is at a very early day to take possession of and fortify Columbus, Ky., and make that the base of their operations

