
south. This the people of that part of Kentucky are determined to resist, but unfortunately they have no arms, and we are unable to aid them in this respect. I am concentrating a force at Union City, so that I can aid them at any moment itt may be necessary, but have not arms sufficient for the general purposes of defense. If you have any effective a small-arms not in the hands of your troops, it is a matter of the highest importance, both to Tennessee and yur Government, that they be placed immediately in the hands of our troops, and when arms can be bought Tennessee will supply herself amply. If you can spare to us arms for this emergency, Colonel Morgan, the bearer of this note, will atend to their immediate shipment.

Respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS,Nashville, May 12, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: When Mr. Hilliard left this city he gave Governor Harris assurances that as soon as the military league entered into by him, as the representative of the Confederate States, and the commissioners of the State of Tennessee was ratified by the Government at Montgomery, Tennessee should be supplied with arms sufficeint to put the State on a war footing. I trust tyhe work of ratification has been done, and that you are now reasdy to arm our waiting and anxious troops with such weapons as will enable them to tteach the base Black Republican invaders a lesson they will not soon forget. We can do literally nothing without arms form you. We have at Memphis about 5,000 percussion muskets in good order. We have here, say, 3,000 muskets, 1,000 of them rifled, fit for use. Besides these there are in the armory some 4,000 muskets (flints), in a damged condition and entirely unfit for use at present; they are being repaired, but it will be several months before we can rely upon them. We have nothing for the cavalry service. We are without any artillery force, except the small sstock at Memphis. Now, my dear sir, this is our condition, and we are ruined unless we have arms furnished us. It is the purpose of the Governor to call out at least 20,000 troops, and double that number if needed. Can you help us? Our hope is resting upon you. Mr. Morgan will hand you this, and will attend to the forwarding of all and every aid you can furnish us. Let us have arms and ammunition. We desire to put two regiments of cavalry iarly as possible, but we have no arms for them.

Your, very respectfully,

S. R. ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding at Nashville.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 12, 1861.

General S. R. ANDERSON,

Nashville, Tenn.:

It is impossible to send you either ordnance or engineer officers, but hope to send you artillery officers in a few days, who can perform these duties.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

