
MEMPHIS, May 13, 1861.

Ho. L. P. WALKER:

Can you give Tennessee further assistance in small-arms. Say by telegraph. We are likely to be hard pressed in the West.

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding Army of Tennessee.

[4.]

MONTGOMERY, May 13, 1861.

General PILLOW,

Memphis:

Have sent you all the arms we can spare for the present. Memphis will be supported by troops at Corinth, to rendezvous in a few days.

L. P. WALKER.

[4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, EXECUTIVE DEPT., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 8. Milledgeville, Ga., May 14, 1861.

I. I am directed by the Governor and commander-in-chief to inform all commanders of companies in this State that their companies will not be permitted to carry witth them beyond the limits of the State of Georgai, without the consent of the commander-in-chief, any arms or accouterments of any kind furnished to them by the State under his orders, or which belong to the State, or have been procured by their companies at the expense of the State.

II. If the service of companies of this State should be tendered to any other State or government without the previous consent obtained of the commander-in chief of this State, the commandere of the company immediately on the making of such tender will return all arms or accouterments in its possession belonging to the State, or received by it on inform me, by letter, of the time when and the place from which such arms and accouterments were forwarded, accompanied by a particular description of the arms and accouterments so returned. In case of a failure to obey this command suit will be ordered on the bond given by the officers of the company immediately, and they will further be held responsible before the proper military tribunal for its violation.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[1.]

MONTGOMERY, May 14, 1861.

Governor PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Please advise me when the two regiments, for which requisition was made by letter sent to General Charles Clark, will rendezvous at Corinth.

L. P. WALKER.

[1.]

7 R R-VOL LII, PT II

