
MONTGOMERY, May 14, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I had a moment's interview with the President this morning. I proceed to do so with my pen, fearing that you may be too much occupied to permit a personal communication. If no immediate attack or battle is anticipated at Pickens or its vicinity the two regiments from Mississippi would greatly desire to go to the place where an attack is soonest expected, and, if possible, to be with or near the President should he go to Virginia or to the scene of action anywhere. They have been in service some five or six weeks, are in fine discipline, well drilled, and eager for a chance for distinction. Their great personal regard for the Presacola can be filled by fresh volunteers, if no battle is to take place there. I do not desire in their behalf nor do they wish me to ask for anything that would be of public detriment. If they could be gratified without injury to the public good at Pensacola, their services might be of public benefit in more active service. Their zeal, their unquestioned coolness and courage, and their devotion to Mississippi's favorite son, are sufficient guarantees for their doing in the cause all that men can do. I will not press the subject further, but leave it to your own good judgment. They are too true to the cause to murmur at any decision of their superiors. Permit me also to call your attention to the two inclosed letters* from gentlemen of high character at Memphis, with whom you are acquainted, I expect, Judge Archibald Wright and Sam. Tate, esq., president Memphis and Charleston Railroad, both firm men of excellent judgment. Judge Wright thinks they can get any number of men and that they can arm them well, but that they need an able commander and good inferior officers. I am wholly unskilled in these matters, and desire only to call your earnest attention to them. That the measures are of great importance . On the subject of subordinate officers pardon a single suggestion from me. I have just returned from Pensacola, and was told there by one of the colonels in the volunteer service that there were a number of young lieutenants of the Confederate Army there who had no employment. My son is a new appointee of your Department, a second lieutenant. he has been actively engaged in superintending the construction of batteries ever since his appointment. He is now erecting one below Fort McRee, in order to be in reach of the ships if any fight occurs. When that is finished, I am told, the last one will be completed that is necessary to the defenses there. The officers who are supeior to him speak favorably of his labors. When his work is done there he does not wish to be idle, and I know will cheerfully go wherever he is ordered. If such men are needed on the Mississippi River, he might be of service in erecting defenses there. In all these suggestions I am guided solely by a wish to promote the public good.

Very sincerely, yours,

ALEX. M. CLAYTON.

My son's name is Arthur Clayton, and he is now attached to the regiment of Mississippi Volunteers under Colonel Chalmers.

[1 and 4.]

---------------

*See Tate to Calyton, May 10, p. 93; the other not found.

---------------

