
Nashville, May 14, 1861.

General WALKER:

DEAR SIR: Preparations are being made rapidly to get ready the forces of Tennessee to maintain the independence of the South. The great trouble is the want of small-arms. The men are here and ready. Tennessee must stand by Kentucky and bring her into position. The Dutch and Yankees in Louisville will sit about and be handcuffed, but Kentuckians must feel and speak for themselves are long, and she must and will be for the South. Some of the Tennessee forces will be encamped near the Kentucky line in a few days, near the Louisville railroad. My old friend, Judge Catron, has not returned to Tennessee yet since the adjournment of the Supreme Court. I do not know his opinion of the Washington rulers. The position of Judge Humphreys is right and his conduct highly praiseworthy. He richly merits his place on the bench when the court is organized in the Confederacy.

With high regard, truly, yours,

S. R. COCKRILL.

[4.]

MEMPHIS, May 15, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

I must have support in assuming a position on the new line near Union City or at Columbus. Have applied for permission to occupy and fortify Columbus. No answer yet. I can get the two regiments of Mississippi Volunteers at Corinth by your orders; not otherwise. Must move without loss of time, else will be too late. Say at once. Let orders go by telegraph to jackson, and to General Clark at Corinth, both. It is the want of arms and of time, since a law was passed for getting force into the field, that constitutes our weakness. Write to-night.

GID. J. PILLOW.

[4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Memphis, May 15, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary:

I am at work with all the energy a man can use. We have now in well-constructed works fourteen heavy pieces of artillery, and are still pushing on that work. I will soon have twenty pieces in battery, and I am now engaged in throwing up a field-work protecting the rear of the line of batteries. I am preparing to advance to Union City with all the forces at command. Have sent a special messenger to Governor Magoffin, asking his permission to occupy and fortify Columbus as the most defensible position. If he should withhold his consent, my present impression is that I shall go forward and occupy the work upon the ground of its necessity for protecting Tennessee. I have serious apprehension that the enemy will seize the place before I can possibly get in hand a sufficient force to occupy it. With your approval I can get 1,800 Mississippi Volunteers at Corinth, for which I have by telegram asked your orders.

The enemy have now concentrated at Cairo and in the immediate neighborhood a large force, and I am satisfied that when the river is known to be completely by my batteries an effort will be made

