1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
673
tor from California can accomplish his object
by voting against the amendment of the com-
mittee inserting those words.
Mr. NYE. I should like to hear the amend-
ment of the committee read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section [nineteen] eighteen, line nine, to
insert after the words " three-dollar piece" the
words "the silver dollar, half dollar, quarter
dollar;" and in line eleven, after the word
"omitted," to insert "and on the reverse of
the silver dollar, half dollar, quarter dollar,
and the dime, respectively, there shall be in-
scribed the weight and the fineness of the coin;"
so that that portion of the section will read :
But on the gold dollar and three-dollar piece, the
silver dollar, half dollar, quarter dollar, the dime,
five, three, and one-cent piece the figure of the
eagle shall be omitted; and on the reverse of the
silver dollar, half dollar, quarter dollar, and the
diiiiL', respectively, there shall be inscribed the
weight and the fineness of the coin.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the question is
not understood by the Senate generally. As
I understand, to vote for the amendment of
the committee is to abolish the American eagle
on the silver dollar, half dollar, and quarter
dollar, and to vote against it is to keep him
there. The subsequent amendment, in line
eleven, to which there is no objection, will
allow the mark of weight and fineness to be
put upon the coin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California desire a separate vote
on the two branches of the amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator
has no objection to the last one.
Mr. CASSERLY. None at all to the last
one. The only point is, that I wish to retain
the American eagle on the silver dollar, half
dollar, and quarter dollar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will then betaken on the amendment in
line nine, which is to insert the words " the
silver dollar, half dollar, quarter dollar."
The amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—ayes 24, noes 26.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senate are so
patriotic that they will not abolish the eagle,
1 hope they will be perfectly willing now to
hurry along with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
part of the amendment will be considered as
agreed to, if there be no objection.
The next amendment was on page 13, sec-
tion twenty-two, [twenty-one,] to add at the
end of the1 section the following proviso:
Provided, That at the option of the owner, silver
may be cast into coins of standard fineness, and of
the weight of four hundred and twenty grains troy,
designated in section fifteen of this aot as the trade
dollar. (
The amendment was agreed' to.
The ne'xtamendment was in seption [twenty-
five] twentyrfour, line two, to- strike out the
word "standard" and insert "fineness;'' so
as to read: . , , ,
That the assayer shall report to the superintend-
^ fineness of'the bullion assayed by
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was In section [twenty-
five] twenty-four, lines five and six, to strike
out the words "for the cost of converting the
bullion into bars;" so as to read:
assayer shall report to the
fAl i L t (- the Quality or fineness of the bullion'
fu sti°h information as will enable
him to compute the amount of the charged herein-
after provided ■for, to be made to the depositor-.'
The amendment was' agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next airfendinent is.
on page 14, m'section [twenty-six] twenty-
"ve, hoe two, to insert ihe words " or for con-
verting standard silver into frade dollars."
■Ihey should, be transposed to line seven of
the same section. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is sug-
gested by the Clerk that the words ought tohe
inserted m line eight, after the word! "hul-
lion." ;r
£2d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 43,
Mr. SHERMAN. At any convenient place,
either after the word "bullion" in line eight
or after the word "standard" in line seven.
The Chief Cleuk. The amendment of the
committee is section [twenty-six] twenty-five,
line eight, after the word " bullion " to insert
the words " or for converting standard silver
into trade dollars;" so that the section will
read:
That the charge for converting standard gold bul-
lion into coin shall be one fifth of one per cent.; and
the charges for refining when the bullion is below
standard, for toughening when metals are contained
in it which render it unfit for coinage, for copper
used for alloy when the bullion is above standard,
for separating the gold and silver when these metals
exist together in the bullion, or for converting
standard silverinto tradedollars, andforthe prepar-
ation of bars, shall be fixed, from time to time,
by the Director, with the concurrence of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, so as to equal but not exceed,
in their judgment, the actual average cost to each
mint and assay ofiicc of the material, labor, wast-
age, and use of machinery employed in each of the
eases aforementioned.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will see that
the charge for converting standard silver into
trade dollars instead of being fixed at one
fifth of one per cent, is fixed at the actual
cost. It is provided that the price for this
work done at the Mint shall be fixed by the
Director of the Mint, but not in any case to
exceed the actual cost of the operation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not suppose that
the amendment to section [twenty-six] twenty-
five had been disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question now pending.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed that the
charge there of one fifth of one per cent, for
silver coinage was a clerical error.
Mr. SHERMAN. The words " or for con-
verting standard silver into trade dollars"
were intended to come in after the word
"■standard" in line seven. The Committee
on Finance observing that it was printed at
the wrong place corrected it, and I gave the
Secretary the correct place where it should be
inserted. It is only to be the actual co3t of
the operation, whatever that may be.
■ The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 16, sec-
tion [twenty-nine]- thirty, line one, after the
word "coins "■ to insert "other than the trade
dollarso that the clause will read:
That silver coins other than the trade dollar shall
be paid out at the several mints and at the assay
oSice in New York city, in exchange for gold coins
at par, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask what has
become of the amendment to section twenty-
six ? I did not know that it had been, passed
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
adopted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I presume it will still be
in order to ofifer an amendment to that section
after the amendments of the committee have
been disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFIC EE. It will be.
The next amendment was on page 19, sec-
tion [thirty-four] thirty-five, line four, to strike
out '■ two thousandths'' and insert'' three thou-'
sandths ;'': so that the clause will read :
..Jbat no ingots shall be used for coinage which
diner from the legal standard more than the follow-
ing proportions, namely: in gold ingots, one thou-
sandth; in Silver ingots, three thousandths; in
minor-coinage alloys, twenty-five thousandths, in
the proportion of nickel.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 25, sec-
tion [forty-nine] forty; eight, line four, after
theword " Pennsylvania" to insert" the Comp-
trdller of the Currency;" so that the clause
will read:
That to secure a due conformity in the gold and
silver coins to their respective standards of fineness
and wjisht, the judge of the district court of the
Utated pt&tiXS tha eastern district of Peuusylva-
® °1 &r ofihe Currency, the assayer of
the ^issay office at fjew York, &c,
The amendment was agreed to,
The next amendment was on page 27, sec-
tion [fifty-four] fifty-three, line three, to strike
out " metals" and insert " medals."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 30, sec-
tion [fifty-nine] fifty-eight,, line live, to strike
out "twentieth" and insert '"second;" so as
to read, "as prescribed by the act of July 2,
1862."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 34, sec-
tion [sixty-six] sixty-five, line two, to strike
out "July" and insert "April," and strike
out "1872" and insert " 1873;" so that the
clause will read, "that this act shall take
effect on the 1st day of April, 1873," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 35, sta-
tion [sixty-eight] sixty-seven, line two, to
strike out "1872" and insert "1873;" so
that the clause will read, "that this act shall
be known as the coinage act of 1873," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This con-
cludes the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance. The bill is open to fur-
ther amendments.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 13, at the end of
section [twenty-one] twenty:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may issue
through the Director of the Mint certificates for gold
bullion deposited a"t any of tho mints or assay office
at New York, which certificates shall state the
value of tho bullion less the coinage and other mint
charges, and be payable to bearer on presentation
at the mint or assay office at wi)ich the bullion was
deposited, either in bullion or coin, at the option of
the superintendent of the mint or assay office, or in
such proportion of bullion or coin as the superintend-
ent may prefer: Provided, That if any holder of a
certificate demands to be paid in coin a certificate
may be issued stating the time when such coin will
be ready for delivery.
Mr. NYE. That is a thing that is already
provided for by existing law. Each one of our
mints has a bullion fund provided from which
the depositor gets his pay in coin for the value
of the bullion as soon as it is ascertained.
There is no delay now or waiting for coinage
at the Mint.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia showed me this amendment. As it
had never been considered by the committee,
I hesitated to give my consent to it, but I
could not see any objection to depositing bul-
lion with the Treasury or the mints or assay
offices an.d allow certificates to be issued, and
therefore I had no objection to allowing the
amendment to be made.. If there seems to
be any objection to it we can abandon it in a
eommittee of conference, although if there is
any doubt about it I think it had better not go
on the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POOL. In section [sixty-seven], sixty-
six, line seven, after the word "Idaho," I
move to insert the words "and the United
States assay office at Charlotte, North Caro-
lina." The chairman' of the Committee on'
Finance I believe agrees to accept this amend-'
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That depends upon the
fact whether there is a legal assay office in
North Carolina. If the Senator says there is;'
I shall not object; but I have the impression
it has been abolished.
Mr. POOL. No, sir, it has not been abol-
ished.
Mr.- SHERMAN. If there is still a legal
assay office there it ought to be named in this
bill.
Mr. POOL. There is no question about its
being such.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. With the .consent of the Senate
I should like to have the vote reconsidered by
which the amendment of the Senator from
California '[Mr. Cole] regarding certificates'
for gold bullion was adopted.
Mr. COLE. The bill has not yet been re-
