674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ported to the Senate. The Senator can have
it ressrved.
Mr. NYE. Then I shall reserve it in the
Senate. I do not think the Senator himself
will insist upon it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Nevada
wished to reserve the amendment offered by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr. NYE. I ask to have that amendment
reserved.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Chair will put the question on
concurring in all the amendments together
except the one indicated by the Senator from
Nevada.
The remaining amendments were concurred
in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
proposed by the Senator from California,
which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
■was to add to section [twenty-one] twenty,
the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may issue
through the Director of the Mint, certificates for
gold bullion deposited at any of the mints or assay
offioo at New York, which certificates shall state the
value of the bullion less the coinage, and other
mint charges, and be payable to bearer on presenta-
tion at the mint or assay office at which the bullion
■was deposited, either in bullion or coin, at the
option of the superintendent of the Mint or assay
office, or in such proportions of bullion or coin as
tho superintendent may prefer. Provided, that if
any holder of a certificate demands to be paid in
o6in a oertifioato may bo issued stating the time
when such coin will bo ready for delivery.
Mr. NYE. I do not understand that this
amendment is insisted upon. The Senate
will perceive at once that it is putting another
currency into circulation, and one by which
the superintendents of mints would be very
likely to be injured and defrauded. I hope,
therefore, it will not be adopted. They get
their coin whenever they present their bullion
now.
Mr. STEWART. There is a bullion fund
provided for the purpose.
Mr. NYE. There is a bullion fund for that
very purpose.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to move an
amendment to section [twerity-six] twenty-
five. As it now stands it roads:
That tho oharge of converting standard gold
bullion into coin shall bo one fifth of one per
cent.
I move to amend it so that it will read,
" that there shall be no charge for converting
standard gold bullion into coin."
The question raised by this amendment is
not a new one in the Senate, nor indeed is it
new iu Congress. As I understand it has
happened at least once that the Senate adopted
the principle of my amendment, and that the
House also adopted it; but neither of them
adopted it upon the same bill. So that the
amendment has the sense of each House of
Congress in its favor. The principle of it is
obvious.
f I wish to say but this word in reference to
it, that the only ground upon which the coin-
age charge has ever been supported was that
the person depositing bullion tor coinage ought
to pay the Government for turning his bullion
into the current coin of the country. I think
it only requires a statement of that proposi-
tion to enable any of us to see its fallacy.
The person who furnishes tho Government
with the means to coin money for the neces-
sary uses of its own citizens never should be
taxed to pay for that which really is a great
advantage to the Government. Why, sir, Gov-
ernments would be forced, if they could not get
bullion without charge, to pay for it in order
to manufacture their coins. It is contrary to
the first principles of Government, it seems
to me, especially' as applicable to this subjeet
that coinage charge should be continued. It
is one which is evil in its results. It keeps up
a discrimination which is always against us;
and the reason to-day why the American man
of business loses at the rate of two cents and
fraction of a cent upon every pound sterling
of exchange, all of which goes to the benefit
either of the banker on this side or the
payer of the exchange on the other, rests pre-
cisely in the maintenance of this extraordinary
charge. But for this charge there would be no
such discrimination in the rate of exchange
against us.
A great many other grounds might be given,
but I hope the Senator from Ohio will be will-
ing to concede this amendment at this time,
and that what the two Houses have both
indorsed may now be embodied in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must confess my re-
gret that the Senator from California should
raise this disputed question at this stage of
the bill, just as it was about on its passage.
The Senate of the United States deliberately,
after full discussion, after hearing the Senator
at length and other Senators who maintain
his view of this question, decided to retain the
charge for coinage of one fifth of one per cent.
It is now one half of one per cent., but we
reduced it to one fifth of one per cent. The
Senate, by a very decided vote, after a full
debate, settled that question. The bill went to
the House of Representatives, and there there
was another effort made by the members from
the Pacific coast to repeal the coinage charge,
and there, after full debate, it was settled by
an overwhelming majority to retain the charge
of one fifth of one per cent. The Senator
says both Houses have at some time or other
passed a bill abolishing the coinage charge.
I am quite sure a proposition of that kind has
never passed either House after debate and
with full consideration.
If this question about the coinage charge
is to be opened and pressed, it will compel
those of us who are in favor of retaining the
coinage Charge to enter into an elaborate
debate. I did so when it was here before.
The Senator now in the chair [Mr. Morrill,
of Vermont] and many other Senators partici-
pated in that discussion. The question has
been settled, and this bill has now gone to its
last stage. This bill once passed the Senate
a few years ago, and was fully discussed, and
the charge of one fifth of one per cent, was
retained. I trust therefore that the Senator
will not now seek to reverse the decision taken
first by the Senate, and afterward agreed to by
the House. This point is beyond our consid-
eration practically. We ought not undertake,
at this period of the session, to review that
decision.
The people of California are very largely
interested in the revision of the Mint laws.
Indeed I have received more letters from that
State about this coinage bill, desiring it to
pass, than from any other portion of the coun-
try. lean seethe great importance of it to
them, and I believe it to be one of great im-
portance to the whole people of the United
States. Therefore I do not wish to enter into
a discussion in regard to this coinage charge
that may probably weary the Senate and delay
the passage of the bill. I promised that the
bill would not take more than an hour, and
when I made that promise I supposed these
amendments which have been acted upon
would be acted upon sub silentio, and that
other questions which had been settled would
not be revived.
I therefore will not undertake to answer the
argument of the Senator from California ex-
cept to say tnat the question is res adjudicata
so far as this bill is concerned. If, however,
it is to be opened, as the Senator has a right
to open it, it will lead to a long debate. I
therefore prefer not to say anything on the
question except that the coinage charge has
not been and ought not to be repealed entirely.
We have reduced it now to the lowest rate of
any nation in the world except only Great
Britain.
Mr. CASSERLY. If I have made a mis-
take as to the fact of the adoption in each
House of the principle of this amendment, of
course I desire to withdraw what I said.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not deny that if the
Senator says it is so; but I do not remember it
ever passing the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was so informed, and
I have the impression that among tfae gentle-
men so informing me was the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no recollection
of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand fully the
objection to protracting debate at this late
hour of the day, and I was very reluctant to
say a word, even so much as was necessary to
propose this amendment. I felt it, to be my
duty, however, to do so. I desire now to say
that the continuance of this coinage charge
repels from San Francisco, and of course from
this country, almost the entire gold bullion
product of Australia. We refine so much
more cheaply in San Francisco thaa they do in
London, that but for this coinage charge the
whole gold bullion of Australia would come to
San Francisco to be refined.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps the Senator
does not understand me. I say the cost of
refining in London is so much more than it is
in San Francisco that but for this coinage
charge the gold bullion product of Australia
would come to us. Why ? Because what they
want in England all the while is silver for
their Asiatic exchanges with India and China.
We have more silver than we want. Nevada
appears to be getting ready to deluge the
world with silver. I see that her silver prod-
uct last year was probably over $20,000,000.
Now, sir, there could not be a better basis
for exchange, nor a more profitable operation
for the American people, tian to take the gold
bullion of Australia and coin it in San Fran-
cisco and diffuse that much more specie through
all the arteries of business, getting ready for
the resumption of specie payments, of which
the Senator spoke so well and so truly the
other day, and to give them in return for their
bullion this silver which we do not want and
which before a great while may be at an abso-
lute discount on our hands. I wish to say that
much. I feel very earnest about this matter,
because I think I understand the financial and
commercial bearing of the great blunder we
make in continuing this obsolete coinage tax.
Having said so much, I leave the question to
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 1242) for the relief of
William Ivens, of Santa F6, New Mexico:
A bill (H. R. No. 1559} for the relief of
William G. Barnard, late a clerk in the
custom-house in the city of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 1963) for the relief of
. Speedy, late first lieutenant second bat-
talion six months Pennsylvania volunteers :
A bill (H. R. No. 8512) for the relief of
John Paine;
™ ^°' 3513) for the relief of
Dr. W. J. C. Duhamel;
-ro4;.k'" ?" ^514) for the relief of.
William Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Mary-
land ; J
