1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
of the Capitol a vast printing office that has
no rival in the world, that, swift as lightning,
these documents may fly over the land from
one end of it to the other, and that the poor-
est as well as the richest may know of a cer-
tainty exactly what is being done here. In
this freedom of printed documents lies wrapped
tip the formation of safe and wise public opin-
ion. Here is that liberty of " unlicensed print-
ing " embodied in the framework of our Gov-
ernment in such a liberal and beneficent form
that it should find no opposition or voice of dis-
| sent in our free and progressive Government.
[Here tbe hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNNELL. I trust the House will not
adopt the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I
refer to the amendment doing away with the
printing of the public documents except under
the conditions named in that amendment. I
think there is altogether a too low estimate put
upon many of the public documents that are
printed by the Government.
I shall confine myself mainly, Mr. Speaker,
to the agricultural report. I represent an agri-
cultural district. I caused to be published in
the newspapers of the district that I would
send the agricultural report to any farmer
who should write to me for it. I have not
sent that report to a single merchant, but only
to those who have written to me for the report.
I have sent out during this session of Con-
gress four hundred ana thirteen agricultural
reports in response to four hundred and thir-
teen letters written to me by farmers. Many
of those farmers are recently arrived Scan-
dinavians. They are interested in that docu-
ment. And let me say, Mr. Speaker, that that
agricultural report is doing a vast amount of
good to my State, because of the information
which it imparts. There are articles in it that
are of immense value. And I think it is a
cheap view to take of this great Government
of ours, that we shall not let the people know
how we are running it and how we propose to
run it.
The idea of cutting off this source of inform-
ation 1 We are not asked to do it. There is
no petition before any committee of this Con-
gress asking that we shall cut down one single
page of the public printing. It is mere dem-
agoguism, and nothing else. The people are
satisfied with the printing now done. These
Congressional Globes, which are lying around
loose all over the country, are telling to the
people of the country what this man and that
man has been doing during his congressional
career. Blotout the Congressional Globe, and
where shall the people learn the public char-
acter and services of their representatives?
We do not want to go to the New York Sun
to know what this man or that man is doing.
We wish to go to the Congressional Globe to
know how each man has voted and acted.
Let me say that the agricultural reports, and
the other reports printed by the Government,
are of immense importance to the people of
the country. How comes it that we have
such a wonderful development of inventive
genius in this country'! Have the reports of
the Patent Office done nothing to stimulate it?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts seems to me to be putting back the
fingers on the dial of progress. It seems to
be, not a movement of enlightened republic-
anism,, but of despotism. It is a proposition
to take away from the people those means of
information which we have afforded them
heretofore. The gentlemau greatly mistakes
the people of the country if he thinks they
do not treasure these annual publications
emanating from the Public Printing Office.
He says that it is difficult to find a complete
set of the works emanating from that office.
In my own town, of five thousand inhabitants,
I can point him to one or two complete sets
of the mechanical reports, and to ten com-
plete sets of Commodore Perry's reports; and
in the library of that town I think I can find
him the greater part of all of the works which
have emanated from -the press of the Gov-
ernment.
I know of no work that emanates from the
press of this country, I care not in what city
it may be published, that is half as valuable
to the people of this nation as that volume,
which comes forth every year, giving the re-
ports of all the officials of the Government.
A man can thus see at a glance the condition
of this great Republic; he can learn what
has been done during.the last year; he can
learn the great resources of our people; he
can see the onward progress of the nation;
and he can learn from it what are the wants
yet to be supplied ; and can instruct his Repre-
sentative as to what ought to be done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know of no better way
to distribute these documents than the one
which has now been adopted. If, as the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] says,
these documents are injudiciously distributed,
it is he fault of the Representative who sends
them, and does not do it with discretion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Last evening, before
the House took a recess, the gentleman in
charge of this sundry civil appropriation bill
very unexpectedly introduced an amendment
increasing the appropriation for the navy-yard
at New London from $5,000 to $50,000. I
need hardly say that this action was so entirely
unexpected by those who have the honor of
representing the great city of New York that
those of us who were upon the floor did not
give it that attention which it deserved. But
I now take occasion to denounce this amend-
ment as a scheme for plundering the Govern-
ment and for destroying $30,000,000 worth of
property.
You could not establish a similar yard for
$50,000,000. And yet this is a proposition to
initiate the removal of that navy-yard to New
London by givingan appropriation of $50,000.
And for what purpose ? Why, in the interest
of a clique of real estate speculators in the
city of Brooklyn, who have for years had their
eyes upon the lands in this navy-yard. They
want them for railroad purposes. They are
anxious to get them at any price, because it
interferes with their private interests and
schemes. They care not what the nation may
lose in money, nor how much the great com-
mercial interests of the city of New York may
suffer, so long as they accomplish their own
ends.
Sir, I protest against this shameless seheme
now. I protest against it in the name of the
great city of New York, which I have the
honor to represent in part on the floor of this
House. I could not remain silent when such
a measure is proposed without a violation of
the duty I owe to the people I am proud to
represent, and the nation of which I am a
representative. Who calls for this appropria-
tion for the New London yard, and for the
destruction of the Brooklyn one, with its great
works; its basins, constructed at a vast ex-
penditure of public money, and after years of
labor ; its splendid machinery, some of which
is deemed the finest in the world; its num-
erous costly buildings? Not the people of
Brooklyn. They have never appealed to this
House in favor of it. Not the people of New
York. They have never asked for it. The
mechanics who receive employment there
when work is to be done, they do not want it.
The merchants do not ask for it. The great
metropolitan press of the country have never
imimated any dissatisfaction with the contin-
uance of the navy-yard at Brooklyn. Quite
the contrary, the press of New York have,
whenever this question was agitated, stren-
uously opposed its removal to any great dis-
tance from the city of New York, Who then
asks for its removal? None but the Brooklyn
speculators to whom I have referred, and a
few politicians in Connecticut, who hope to
perpetuate their own powers by the use of
patronage and the expenditure of vast sums
of money in constructing works which they
propose to destroy in Brooklyn.
The pretense of the Secretary of the Navy,
who I regret to see comes to the aid of these
speculators with a letter stating that the
crowded state of the Brooklyn yard necessi-
tated this New London expenditure, is un-
worthy of a high official of this Government.
For we know very well iu New York that
the Brooklyn navy-yard is not run at half
its capacity, and it was only a few months
ago that several hundred men who were
employed previous to the late election were
discharged for want of work. They were dis-
missed in the very commencement of a severe
winter, because there was absolutely no work
for them to do. So much for the plea of want
of room.
I trust, therefore, the members of this House
will fully understand the real question upon
which they are called upon to vote. _ I believe
if it had been understood last evening, when
in Committee of the Whole, this amendment
would have been defeated. It was sprung
upon the members without any previous warn-
ing or notice, and when many had left the
House. As for myself, I have no other mo-
tive in opposing it than such as I named. I
have never received a political favor from
navy-yard officials, and I do not believe I could
get a day laborer employed there if I desired
it. Republican politicians and officials take
very good care that a Democrat shall not share
in any of the spoils or patronage of office under
them. I do not complain about that. I sup-
pose I should do the same had I the oppor-
tunity. "To the victors belong the spoils,"
is an old political maxim. It has been the
creed of parties for years, and notwith-
standing the civil service reform humbug, it
will continue to be for years to come. No,
sir, I have no other motive in my opposition
to tins scheme than the interest of the coun-
try and the city I in part represent in this
House, and I trust the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The House is to be
congratulated that it has finally found out the
great use there is in this miscellaneous public
printing. The gentleman on my left [Mr.
Hoak] assures us that it is a barrier to pre-
serve us from despotism. He assures us that
this is a barrier to preserve the country from
the government of the public newspapers. Is
it not fortunate that the country is to be pre-
served from despotism by sending into every
district six hundred and ninety copies of the
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture?
Is it not fortunate that the country is to learn
what we are doing here by sending into each
congressional district three thousand copies
of miscellaneous documents of various sorts ?
1 am sure I never knew of so complete a
guardian and barrier against danger except in
tbe old times when the celebrated Mrs. Part-
ington was going to sweep back the waves of
the Atlantic with a broom.
Mr. Speaker, with great respect to the gen-
tlemen on the other side, it seems to me they
exaggerate the importance of the documents
which we distribute and that they make an
argument which is absurd upon its face. Talk
about the newspapers of this country which
circulate millions of copies all through the
States of the Union, and you are going to pre-
serve the Republic from their power by putting
an agricultural report into some corner grocery
in this village, and another in that, to be used
for putting up tea and sugar, or to be sent to
the trunk manufacturers to line their trunks.
_ The time does not permit the proper discus-
sion of this subject, and I shall ask when it is
in order that the amendment which I hold in
