1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
A bill (H. R. No. 3515) for the relief of
George 8. Wright, administrator of John T.
Wright, deceased;
A. bill (H. R. No. 3516) for the relief of
Jesse E. Peyton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1707) for the relief of
George D. Blakey, late collector of the second
district of Kentucky ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3088) to extend for four
years the act establishing the board of com-
missioners of claims, and the acts relating
thereto ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3166) for the relief of
William Bayne, trustee, &c.;
A bill (H. R. No. 3506) for the relief of
Jolm Miller;
A bill (H. R. No. 3509) for the relief of
John O'Kelley ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3510) for the relief of
the heirs of Seth Lamb; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3511) for the relief of
James Coats, of Jackson, Mississippi.
The bill (EL R. No. 3505) to establish a
post road was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr, STEVENSON. I move that the bill
(H. R. No. 2399) granting a pension to Ada H.
McDonald be recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar, under the Anthony rule, is now in order.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (EL R. No.
8010) authorizing the construction of six steam
vessels of war. I only desire to get the bill up
so as to leave it as the unfinished busiuess and
will then give way to any motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inform the
Senator from New Hampshire that the Senate
already has agreed to allow me to call up the
postal telegraph bill on Monday, and 1 am
anxious that that should be left as the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe the Senator
himself gave notice that he would make such
a motion. I think that was all the agreement
there was about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. There was no objection
Ksde to it by any one.
Mr. CRAGIN. Is my motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It is in order.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I ask that it be put to
the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that that portion
of the Senate who really desire to get up the
postal telegraph bill on Monday will not agree
to the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. CAMERON. I have been striving for
two weeks, as the Senate know, to get up an
unfinished bill, the French spoliation bill, and
I gave notice that I should try to bring that
up again on Monday. I think Senators ought
liol to bring forward any other measure to
interfere with that. I shall have to leave the
city eaily next week, and I think the courtesy
of the Seuate ought to allow me to bring that
bill up on Monday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New Hampshire moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill for
constructing six steam sloops of war.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. This is a House bill which
has been acted upon by the Committee on
i.aval Affairs, and was reported before the
holiday recess. There is a very great neces-
sity tor speedy action upon the bill. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs were unanimously in
favor ol it, and there is verp great pressure for
its speedy consideration. I think, as the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs consume but very little
time here, and have consumed but very little
for a number of years past, the Senate ought
to give us a chance to consider this bill oti
Monday next. That is ail I ask.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to remind the
Senator from Pennsylvania that he has no
motive in reference to the French spoliation
bill to resist the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, for the reason that the Sen-
ator himself, I think, agreed (I believe it was
done without division) to allow the French
spoliation bill to stand until the Committee on
the Judiciary should report touching the ques-
tion of insurance involved in different senses
alike in that oill and the bills touching the dis-
tribution of the Alabama awards ; and I will
say to the Senator from Pennsylvania that it
is entirely out of the question that the Judi-
ciary Committee should report on Monday
next touching that question. Therefore the
whole motive which prevailed with the Senate
for postponing the French spoliation bill is
just as strong now as it was then, and indeed
a great deal stronger, because, although on
Monday the Committee on the Judiciary will
not be able to report, I have no doubt that at
a very early day a report will be made upon
that subject; so that 1 submit to my friend that
this consideration disposes of his objection.
Now, Mr. President, it is not for me to
volunteer any aid to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I feel, however, as a member of the
Senate, warranted in saying that if we are going
to consider at all the bill for the construction
of ships which the Senator from New
Hampshire has in charge, it is high time that
we should begin pretty soon. It is now nearly
four weeks since that bill was ready for action,
so far as the committee of this body could
make it ready. I believe it to be a very import-
ant measure, important not only for its own
sake, but important, as the Senator from
Michigan, the^ chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, will bear me out in saying, to the
end that the Committee on Commerce and
other committees of this body may have some
idea of what is to be the policy of the Senate
and of Congress touching the renewal of our
commerce, the augmentation of our commerce,
that we may have some light in regard to
subsidies and the great variety of things which
to a greater or less extent depend upon what
will be indicated by the Senate and House on
this very bill which the Senator from New
Hampshire now seeks to bring forward. I
shall vote for it for ray own part.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Seuator will
allow me to reply to the Senator from New
York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
South Carolina has the floor.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think on Monday
next we shall be better able to determine what
we shall take up, and I therefore move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will if the Senator
will renew it-
Mr. ANTHONY". Any one can renew it;
but I will renew jj; if the Senator desires me
to do so.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well; I with-
draw the motion.
Mr! ANTHONY. Mr. President, I know
that it is of the utmost importance that the
bill for the construction of these sloops of war
should be acted upon immediately. I say it is
necessary for the security and the defense of
the country; and if we fail to take up and con-
sider that bill we may be held accountable by
the American people for it, and justly so. No
man can read the report of thy Secretary of
the Navy and consider the condition of the
Navy without knowing that it is absolutely
necessary for us to do this thing. I think we
shall be recreant to our duty if we do not take
up this bill aiid consider it at pnee.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Mew
York is mistaken in one particular, and it, is
not surprising he should have been. He said
that the French spoliation bill was laid, aside
until the Judiciary Committee should report
in relation to the Alabama claims. He is, in
error in that. It was deferred for the purpose
of bringing up the bill which it is now-pro-
posed to take up, the bill to build these sloops
for the Navy.
Mr. ANTHONY. That bill ought to pass.
Mr. CAMERON. I am satisfied of that,
and I am sure it will pass; but I gave way
weeks ago to this bill, and we should have
passed it long ago if my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
had been here to attend to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish my friend would
allow me a moment. He Bays I am in
error 
Mr. CAMERON. Not now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
declines to yield.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think he does
when he says I am in error, and I wish to say
a word on that point. *
Mr. CAMERON. I do not yield, beeause
my friend is so skillful in debate that he will
put me in error of course. [Laughter.] I
cannot allow that to be done now.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend by yielding
now might escape the error he will put him-
self into.
Mr. CAMERON. That is very likely. I
have been trying, not only all this session, but
all last session, to bring up the French spolia-
tion bill, which ought to have been passed
years ago. There is hardly anybody in the
Senate who does not feel that it is right that
we should do justice to those people y and yet
every time that I attempt to bring up the pill
somebody interferes with something which is
of later interest and believed to be of more
importance. Now, if the Senate will consent
to allow me to call up the French spoliation
bill next Monday week, I will give up my
objection to taking up any other measure now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania concluded?
Mr. CAMERON. With that motion, if
there is no other motion pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is a motion to take up the bj.ll to
authorize the construction of six steam ves-
sels of war. That motion is not amendable,
by the usage of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. That, was not my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is_ the
pending question, aud must be first decided,
unless by unanimous consent something else
is allowed to intervene.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust there will be no
motion made to prevent the agreement I have
suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending that
motion, the Senator from Pennsylvania asks
unanimous consent that on Monday next the
Senate take up the French spoliation bill. Is
there objection?
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say a word on
that subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to ask a question
of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
There appears to be objection to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RAMSEY. At the beginning ef this
week I gave notice that on Monday next I
would ask the Senate to consider the postal
telegiaph bill, a proposition to cheapen tele-
graphing to the people by seventy-five per cent,
in all this country. It will be gratifying to my
friend from New York to know, if he is disap-
pointed in getting up the sloop of war bill, that
this great measure of reform will be taken up
and considered by the Senate. That will be
