676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
gratifying to these gentlemen who have made
no efforts during all the weeks of the session
to get up their measures. I gave that early
notice; the Senate seemed to concede me the
privilege of asking the Senate to consider the
postal telegraph bill on that day ; and I think
it is a little unfair now, after a week has
passed and this bill has the probability of being
brought up, that Senators should move these
other measures in order to defeat it.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Min-
nesota having made his speech, I desire to say
again that I trust there will be nobody in the
Senate who will object to my bringing up the
French spoliation bill next Monday week. If
the bill shall then be voted down, I shall at
least be through with it. If it shall be passed
you will give gladness and joy to thousands of
people; but whatever the decision of the Sen-
ate may be, I shall be content with it. Now,
why should not I, after this long year and a
half of service here in regard to this bill, for
1 have done nothing else but watch it, be al-
lowed to bring it forward a week from next
Monday ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that
so far as I am concerned.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York rise to make a suggestion
in regard to the proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania'? He has asked unanimous
consent that Monday week be assigned to the
French spoliation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Before I determine to
object or not to object I wish to make a re-
mark. My friend from Pennsylvania part of
the time prevents me at my seat and part of
the time comes to my seat and stops me.
[Laughter.] If I maybe allowed to make a
suggestion, I should like to do it.
The French spoliation bill was pending, and
it went along swimmingly under the send-off
which the Senator from Pennsylvania gave it
by the speech with which he ushered it in,
until the Seuator from Indiana [Mr. Mobton]
offered an amendment in reference to insur-
ance companies. That amendment seemed
to arrest the attention of the Senate; and on
the suggestion and appeal of the Senator from
Vermont—and now I will say to my friend
lrom Pennsylvania I am not mistaken, although
I have not looked at the Globe, for I recollect
it distinctly—the French spoliation bill was
postponed to the end that the Senate might
be saved from acting upon that amendment
about insurance companies until the commit-
tee having in charge the same general question
in respect to the Alabama award had had the
opportunity of investigating it and shedding
such light upon it as it might be able to do!
Xhe rrench spoliation bill was postponed for
that reason, not, as my honorable friend erro-
neously says in order that the sloop bill might
receive consideration. Now, the Senator
asks that Monday week shall be fixed to cou-
sjder the French spoliation bill. It is pos-
sible that by Monday week we shall be ready
to consider this question of insurance, and it
is very possible that we shall not. I know
that m the House, although I have no right
perhaps to say about that 
Mr' Mr" Pres'dent 
friend ^ ^ n°t hear my
wm t'l I thought the Senator
was through.
Mr. CONKLING. lam through in several
places, a hough I have not finished, if my
friend will allow me. [Laughter.]
tW S%lng' President, that I know
that m the House of Representatives a good
fw tl attention is boin? given by members of
the House and by one ot the committees of the
House to the question to which I referred,
namely, the rights of insurance companies
and t may say without impropriety that sedu-
iect bt th'T v ^e,nS best°wed upon that sub-
ject by the Judiciary Committee of the Senate.
Now, we all know that the Senate would
commit no such absurdity as to take upon the
French spoliation bill one ground touching the
rights of insurance companies to be subrogated
to the rights of the assured and then, in dis-
tributing the Alabama award, the opposite
ground upon that same question. The Senate
will no doubt harmonize its action upon these
bills when the time comes; and if we now
agree to fix Monday week to act finally upon
the French spoliation bill it may very well be
that we shall act at that time in the dark as to
the investigation of our own committee and
also as to the investigation of the committee
in the House.
Therefore, Mr. President, while I do not like
to interpose a suggestion in the nature of an
objection, and more particularly an objection
to any proposition coming from my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania, who is so very se-
ductive and difficult to resist on all occasions,
I suggest to him that he had better let the
French spoliation bill stand for the present, or
if he insists upon naming a day certain, then
name a more distant day.
Now, Mr. President, as I have gained at last
the privilege of saying a word to the Senate, I
desire to improve it for another moment. My
honorable friend from Minnesota, who is going
to telegraph, whether 011 the land or on the
sea or in the air, like the gentleman we had
before us yesterday, I have not ascertained yet
fully, led off by saying that the Senate had
agreed he should bring up his bill on Monday:
As an example of modest legislative assurance
I think that was pretty well. [Laughter.]
Finally, when the Senator comes to be pinned
down, it appears that 011 some day he rose and
stated to the Senate, by way of notice, that he
should move to take up his bill on a certain
day. There is a small difference between those
two propositions which I hope the Senator will
not forget when he comes to open out this gen-
eral system of telegraphing by which he is going
to save seventy-five per cent, to everybody in
all branches of business.
And it occurs to me to suggest to my friend
who is able to get the agreement of a majority
of the Senate by rising and giving notice that
he is going to do a certain thing, if in the
same way he will get the agreement of a ma-
jority of the Senate to take up and pass that
rranking bill, that bill to strike down that
monster abuse, the franking privilege, which
my honorable friend has been pummeling
until he has given it two black eyes ever since
1 can remember—if he will bare his battle-
blade and bound into the arena and cut down
the franking privilege, my impression is he
wilt then have a much greater range of theater
iri1 which to put into operation this reduction
of seventy-five per cent, in telegraphing than
lie will have while he leaves thefrankinc nriv-
itdoes° lmPede th<i P°St °ffice DePar<™entaa
mToowK ?ow' Mr-PresideDt 
am u
."'ilT1'08- 1 "™tl" "• Se™to'
"like J S®r my friend stands
!brt   n T in the slip, straining at the
start, [laughter;] but I hope he will restrain
his youthful impetuosity for a moment utitfl I
have concluded, which I wag about to do by
I'sTl^t r * m?friend Minnesota
and null W7S' Pr®Par'ng all the springs
and pulleys and machinery by which he i«
ZVritrT^tthe bu8lneas telegraphing
and While he u getting ready to renew his
heroic endeavors to destroy the franking priv-
the 1,T (T At 'grates suKn [y
¥ made on that sub"
Seesare ^ a<!d these com"
nnfo qo i 1the subject of izisur-
ante as applioable to these two bills, I hone
we Shall Seriously consider whether we ouglt
not at once to take up the bill to&chin  the
construct,on of war sloops, Md say th£t we
do or do not mean to do something on that
subject, and then let the committees which
are in charge now of bills proposing subsidies
understand what the two Houses of Congress
mean upon the subject also ; and the debate,
if not the vote, upon these ten sloops of war
will reflect a good deal of light upon the last
subject which I mentioned as well as tbe first.
Now I ask my friend from Pennsylvania,
who never failed to get me to do anything he
told me I must do, to stop his effort for the
time being about the French spoliation bill,
and let us take up this sloop bill, and when-
ever the time comes that we can act intelli-
gently upon the French spoliation bill, a Sen-
ator with one half the faculty he has to per-
suade the Senate will be able to take it up
whenever he chooses.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sure the Senator
from South Carolina will withdraw that morion
for one moment. I will renew it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will withdraw it if
the Senator will promise to renew it.
Mr. CAMERON. I will renew the motion.
Mr. President, I always listen with great
attention to the Senator from New York. I
do not know that anybody that I ever heard in
the Senate has such seductive powers of ora-
tory as he has. He almost convinced me that
I was wrong, but I am sure I was not. I am
sure I did not give way on the French spolia-
tion bill for the purpose of waiting until the
Judiciary Committee should report on the
question of insurance, because not being a
lawyer myself, I know how technical a com-
mittee composed entirely of lawyers must be,
who never can agree among themselves.
[Laughter.] You never knew a lawyer who
could trust himself to make his own will or a
dostor who would trust himself to physic him-
self. [Laughter.] They will not do it be-
cause they know their infirmities.
Now, I am ready to compromise with the
Senator from New York and with the Senate ;
no, I will not say with the Senate, because I
appeal now to the kindly feelings of the Senate.
I have been advocating this French spoliation
bill for a long while. It has been before the
country for nearly seventy years. Nearly
every one of the Legislatures of the States
that had an existence twenty years ago has
instructed their Senators to tote for this bill;
yet something always interferes with it, just as
this naval bill now interferes with it. 1 want
that bill to pass, and I shall vote for it when
it comes up. But I ask the Senate now, in the
spirit of kindness to me, to fix a day for the
consideration of this -bill; and I offer as a
compromise to the Senator from New York
the proposition to assign Wednesday week in
place of Monday week for the consideration
of this French spoliation bill. If the Senate
then shall conclude to reject the bill, very well,
1 shall have done my duty in regard to it.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks the unanimous cou-
sent or the Senate that Wednesday week be
assigned for the consideration of the French
spoliation bill. It will, of course, be subject
iir ^^nished business of the night before.
Mr, COJLiE. I do not like to interfere with,
any arrangement made by the Senators from
c* and Pennsylvania, two very promi-
nent States, .but it may be that an Appropria-
tion bill will be before the body at that time.
Mr. CAMERON. -1 will give way to an
appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. Then I have no further objec-
tion to the proposition.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the question will
agreed to? ^ ^ be
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
2„suibfmlt th£ question to the Senate. The
Senator from Pennsylvania asks unanimous
consent that next Wednesday week, at one
0 clock, be assigned to the Consideration of
