1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 78.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 74, nays 104, not voting, 62; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Areher, Arthur, Erasmus
W. Beck. James B. Beck, Bell, Bird, Boarman,
Braxton. Caldwell, Carrotl, Coghlan, Cox. Crebs,
Crossland, Davis, Dodds, Dox. DuBose, Duke, Eld-
redge, Farnsworth, Porker, Getz, Giddings, Good-
rich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
John T. Harris, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hol-
man, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach, Man-
son, Marshall, Maclntyre, McClelland, Merrick,
Benjamin p. Meyers, Mitchell, William E. Niblack.
Hosea W. Parker, Perry, Bead, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Bice, William It. Roberts, Robinson, John
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley, Shanks, Sher-
wood, Slater, Sloss, Speer, Stevens, Storm, Swann,.
Terry, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Whitthorne,
and Winchester—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Bigby,
Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Bunnell, Burchard, Bufdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo,
Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan,
Dunnell, Barnes, Elliott, Ely, Esty, Farwell, Fin-
kelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, G-arrett, Golladay, Halsey, Harmer, Har-
per, George E. Harris, Havens, John B. Haw ley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Kellogg, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew,
Mcjunkin, Merriam, Moore, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, Slocum, H. Boardinau Smith. John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Whiteley, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wil-
son— 104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames,
Banks, Barnum, Beatty,Biggs, Austin Blair, Bright,
Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Conner, Creely, Critcher,
Darrall, Duell, Henry D. Foster, Hale, Hambleton,
Houghton, Ketcham, Killinger. Kinsella, Lamport,
Lansing. Lewis, McCormiek, McHenry, McKee,
McKinney, McNeely, Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Silas
L. Niblack. Palmer, Perce, Piatt, Price, Prindle,
Randall, Ritchie, Sion H. Rogers, Shober, Snapp,
St. John, Sutherland, Sypber, Taffe, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Voorhees, Waldron,
Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of New
York, Wood, and Young—62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment, upon which a separate
vote was called was to the following para-
graph :
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota, at
rates not exceeding fourteen dollars per linear mile
for standard lines, twelve dollars for township and
ten dollars for section lines, $50,000.
The amendment was to add the following :
Provided, That there shall be paid out of said
§50,000 to the St. Paul and Sioux City Railroad Com-
pany the sum of $1,370 for surveys already made by
said company of the public lands of said State.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask a separate vote on
that amendment.
Mr. DUNNELL. Documents were read
here when the amendment was offered, show-
ing that this service bad been performed with
the knowledge of the Land Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. That may be true, but I
see no reason why the Government should pay
a railroad company for surveying its own land.
Mr. DUNNELL. It does not increase the
appropriation at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. _ But it is to pay a railroad
company for surveying its own land.
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the amendment; and upon a division there
were—ayes 45, noes 35.
No further count being called for, the
amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was asked was to the following para-
graph :
For completion of tho htu 1«lin:* for tin1 ouvhun-
liouc*c nt PorlLuul. Ore^'uii, £7l>,5w!.
'The amendment wus to add the following
Pmridci, That import of the mono apiir.ipriati-d
by t bill shuti be ]>(ud for what is knowu as V au.v
patent moling.
Mr. SAKGKNT. i a.-k for a separate vote
on that amendment.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 54, noes 51.
No farther count being asked, the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the
■following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain
by purchase, or to obtain by condemnation in the
courts of the State of Massachusetts, all that lot or
parcel of land lying easterly of the present site of
the new post office in Boston, and bounded by said
site—Wateretreet, Congress street, and Milk street—
upon the lines of said streets as they are now estab-
lished or may hereafter be established by due pro-
cess of law,$500,000: Provided, That no money appro-
priated for that purpose shall bo used or expended
m the purchase of said site until a valid title thereto
shall be vested in the United States, nor until the
State of Massachusetts shall cede its jurisdiction
over the same, and shall duly release and relinquish
to the united States the right to tax or in any way
assess said site and the property of the United States
that may be thereon during the time that the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof: And
provided further, That theSecretary of the Treasury
shall make no purchase of land under this provision
unless and until the city of Boston shall widen Con-
gress street, along the proposed new front of said
building, to at least a width of eighty feet, and Milk
and Water streets, where the buildings have been
destroyed by fire, to a width of at least sixty feet.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a separate vote
on that amendment.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 73, noes 36.
No farther count being asked, the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was asked was to the following paragraph:
And the sums hereby appropriated for the con-
struction of public buildings under the Treasury
Department shall be available immediately upon
the approval of this act; and the balances of appro-
priations, for the current fiscal year, for the construc-
tion of public buildings under the control of the
Treasury Department, which may remain unex-
pended at the close of the current fiscal year, are
hereby reappropriated for the fiscal year ending
June SO, 1874.
The amendment was to add the following :
And no part of the money appropriated by this
bill for public buildings, except as to contracts now
in existence, shall be paid except upon contracts
made with the lowest responsible bidder, who shall
give security for the faithful performance of the
same, the said contracts to be made in pursuance of
advertisements duly published.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and Mr. AR-
CHER asked for a separate vote on agreeing
to the amendment.
The question- was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes twenty-seven.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were fourteen in the
affirmative; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were
twenty-one in the affirmative ; not one fifth of
a quorum.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The amendment was accordingly not agreed
to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was asked was to the following para-
graph :
For naval station at New London, Connecticut:
For repairs of all kinds, $5,000.
The amendment was to strike out the par-
agraph, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
For work at the naval station at New London,
Connecticut, 850,000.
Mr. HOLMAN called for a separate vote
on the amendment.
The quf stion wan taken: and upon a divis-
ion then: werr -ayes o'J, noes 51: no quorum j
voting.
Mi. llOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, twenty-
fuin- voting in the affirmative, (one fifth of the
List, vote.)
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 93, nays 99, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barry, Bigby,
Bingham, Buckley, . .Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke,
Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker,
Bawes, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Esty, Farwell,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Golladay, Halsey, Hanks, Harmer, Harper. John B.
Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley,
Kellogg, Lowe, Maynard, McGrew, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Negley, William E.
Niblack, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck. Pendle-
ton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Rainey,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shoemaker,Slocum, Sloss,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson. Stoughton,
Stowell, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twichell, Upson, Wakeman, Welle, Wheeler .White-
ley, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
son—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler,. Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Bell. Bird, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Burchard,
Caldwell, Carroll. Coburn, Comingo, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Darrall, Dodds, Donnan, Dox,
DuBose, Duell, Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett,
Getz, Giddings, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale,
Haueock.Handtey, George E. Harris, John T.Harris,
Havens, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill.Holman, Kendall,
Kerr, Lamport, Leach, Lynch, Maclntyre, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek, McHenry, Mc-
Junkin, McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Morgan, Orr, Hosea W, Parker, Perry.
Potter, Read,-Edward Y. Rice, William R.Roberts,
Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Shellabarger,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, H. Boardman Smith,
Speer, Storm, Swann, Terry, Tyner, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Walden, Waldron,
Whitthorne, Willard, Winchester, and Wood—99.
NO'Jf VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Barnum,
Biggs, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Campbell, Creely, Davis, Dickey, Hambleton, Hay,
Hereford, Hoar, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Kin-
sella, Lamison, Lansing, Lewis, McCrary, McKee,
McNeefy, Leonard Myers, Silas h. Niblack, Isaao
C. Parker, Price, Prindle, Randall, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Sion H. Rogers, Shanks, Snapp, Sprague,
St. John, Sutherland, Sypber, Taffe, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill, Wallace, Warren, Williams of New
York, John T. Wilson, and Young—18.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Isanamendment
in order?
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next and last amendment (on which a
separate vote was called for by Mr. Holman)
wag to insert, after line eleven hundred and
thirteen of the bill, the following:
For expense of the commission appointed under
the act approved March 19,1872, for the purpose of
surveying and marking the boundary between the
territory of the United States and the possessions of
Great Britain, from the Lake of the Woods to the
summit of the Rocky mountains, $125,000.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes 37, noes 15; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Gabfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Holmax were appointed.
The House then divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, there were—ayes 104, noes 22.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the I ill was passed ;
and also moved thar the motto.* sri r^oer.hider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed t.x
OBDEIt OF BUSING.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question  f priv-
ilege.
