1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
the French spoliation bill. It will be subject,
under the rules, to the unfinished business of
the night before; butifthe Senate unanimous y
consent, of course that can bepostponed. is
there objection to the proposition? ,
Mr. BOREMAN. The people of the United
States for seventy years have heard about
these spoliation claims, and it will take mucli
time for the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from West Virginia object?
Mr. BOREMAN. 1 do. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection _ is
made, and the question recurs on the motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I insist on the motion
to adjourn. We can decide on Monday what
we shall take up.
Mr. CAMERON. I appeal to tne Senator
from South Carolina to withdraw the motion
tor a moment. I think the Senator from West
Virginia will withdraw his objection to my
proposition.
■ Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw it once more.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suppose 1 shall have to
vield to my friend from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia withdraws bis objection
to the proposition of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. Is there any other objection? The
Chair hears no other objection, and it is unan-
imously ordered that Wednesday week at one
o'clock be assigned lo the consideration of
the French spoliation bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Upon that question ! call
for the yeas and nays. I wish to see if the
Senate will adjourn with this question in regard
to the sloops of war before us without de-
ciding it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable under the rules.
The Senator from Rhode Island demands the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boroman, Cn*s«rly,
Chumllor, Cole, Corbctt. Davis, Flanagan, Hitch-
cock, Maohen, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury,
SproKun, Stevenson. Trumbull, and Viokeis—18.
NAYS—Messrs, Alcorn, Anthony, Caldwell, Conk-
lioi?, Onigin, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
(iilbert, Harlan, Howe, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Patterson, Ransom, Scott, Sponeer,
Stewart, Stockton, Thurmau, and Wilson—-22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Amca, Blair, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cooper,
iOdinunds, Fentou, Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Marylaud, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Pomcroy,
I'ool, Kioe. Sawyer, Sch'ura. Shorm&n, Sutnner,
Tipton, West, Wmdom, and Wright—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
VESSELS OF WAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Cragin,] to proceed to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 8010) to
authorise the construction of six steam vessels
of war.
Mr. ALCORN. I should like to add my
testimony to the necessity of considering this
naval bill. The period of the year is now pass-
ing rapidly away when the timber should be
cut if the Government intends to preserve the
Navy. Time is all important. A week, a day
in truth, is important in the consideration of
the question now before us. If the Senate is
in favor of the bill there is no reason why it
should not be considered at once, and Monday
being the day fixed by the chairman of the
committee, I trust the Senate will accord to
him the opportunity of bringing the bill before
the .Senate at that time, and then we can
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read from the eleventh rule:
_ "And motions to take up or proceed to the con
sideration of any question shall be determined with-
out debate on the merits of the question proposed
to be considered."
Is the Senate ready for the question on the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire I
The motion wasageed to ; there being, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 15.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
"before the Senate as in Committee of the
whole- , _ .j
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at tive
o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 17, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
john t. mason.
On motion of Mr. SWANN, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 1367) for the relief
of John T. Mason, formerly collector of cus-
toms at Baltimore- and late United States
designated depositary, was taken from the
Speaker's table and read a first and second
tl'Mr. SWANN. I ask that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that bill ought to
go to the Committee of Claims. I ask that
it be read.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that a similar bill in relation to the present
collector of Baltimore was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make no objection to
that reference.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
JOHN MILLER.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3506) for
the relief of John Miller ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
TK/v U!I1 inUinlt wna naa/1 Hll'Oflf'
The bill, which was read, directs the Post-
master General to allow John Miller, post-
master at Newark, Delaware, credit for such
sum of money, not exceeding $165, as shall
cover the amount of paid money orders and
of money orders and postsrt funds as shall ap-
pear to the Postmaster General upon evidence
satisfactory to him to have been destroyed by
the burning of the office of said postmaster on
April 21, 1871.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose there is a report
accompanying this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. There is; and I ask that
a letter from the Post Office Department be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department,
Money-Order Office,
"W ashington, June 16,1872.
Sib: Your letter of January 13 in relation to the
alleged destruction of money and two paid money
orders in your office, April 21, is at hand.
If you ean furnish the particulars of the two paid
orders, date, the numbers, office of issue, names of
payees, &c.,itcan be arranged to give you credit for
the amount. You will have to apply to Congress
forrelieffor the money destroyed, both money-order
and postage funds, as no allowance can possibly be
ma.de you without the authority of Congress,
Very respectfully,
D. HAYNES,
Acting Superintendent.
John Miller, Postmaster, Newark, Delaware.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the.
vote by which the bill was passed; and alsa
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FIRST NATIONAL BANK OP MIFFLIN BURG.
Mr PACKER, by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3507) to authorize the
First National Bank of Mifflinburg to change
its location ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
CHEYENNE, ETC , PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. McKlNNEY, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3508) granting the
right of way through the public lands to the
Cheyenne, Iron Mountain, and Pacific Railroad
and Telegraph Company; and the same was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the committee, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HAYS. I call for the regular order of
business. .
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour commences at
twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, and reports
of a private nature are in order from the Com-
mittee of Claims.
BOARD OF CLAIMS COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back with amend-
dments, and with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill (H. .R. No. 3088) to extend
for four years the act establishing the board of
commissioners of claims and the acts relating
thereto.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the second, third, fourth, fifth, and
sixth sections of the act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
approved March 3, 1871, and the act to author-
ize the commissioners of claims to appoint spe-
cial commissioners to take testimony, and for
other purposes, approved May 11, 1872, shall
be extended &nd continued in force for four
years from March 10, 1873. The second sec-
tion provides that the commissioners of claims
shall not receive any petition for the allowance
of any claim or claims unless such petition
shall be presented to and filed with them on
or before the day of , 1873.
The amendments reported by the committee
were to fill up the blank in the second section
by inserting "1st day of December," and to
add at the end of the bill " and all claims not
so presented shall be deemed to be barred
forever thereafter.''
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF JOHN MINOR BOTTS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with an
amendment to the title, Senate bill No. 760,
for the relief of Beverly M. Botts, Rosalie
S. Lewis, Isabella McLean Lewis, and Mary
Minor Hoxsey, children and heirs at law of
John M. Botts, deceased.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay, from any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the above enumerated children and heira
at law of John M. Botts, deceased, late of
Culpeper county, Virginia, the sum of
$1,990 16; which sum, when paid, shall be
in full satisfaction of all claims on the part
of the heirs at l$w against the United States
for injuries done or committed by the troops
of the United States to the land of Botts, the
timber, fences, and other fixtures thereon,
