1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
ographg for amendment, and read the follow-
ing:
For the improvement of Racine harbor, Wiscon-
sin. $20,000.
Mr. HEREFORD. I offer the following
amendment:
After ths paragraph just read, add the following:
For the improvementof the Great Kanawha river,
West Virginia, in accordance with the plan sub-
mitted by General A. A. Humphreys to the Secre-
tary of War, dated January 11, 1873. $50,000.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman not to
offer that amendment now until we reach a
more appropriate portion of the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I raise the point of order
on the amendment that it is new legislation.
The SPEAKER. Has the work been esti-
mated for?
Mr. HEREFORD. Yes, sir. I desire to
be heard upon that point.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Do I understand the Chair
to tay that this amendment is in order if the
wo!k has been estimated for?
The SPEAKER. If estimated for on a pre-
vious survey.
Mr. SAWYER. I understand there has
been a survey; and 1 withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. HEREFORD. . I desire to submit a
few remarks in support of the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I think the gentleman had
better defer his amendment until another part
of the bill is reached.
Mr. HEREFORD. . I desire to have the
amendment come in at this part of the bill.
I do not rise, sir, for the purpose of antag-
ouLsiug this bill as a whole, i do not rise for
the purpose of asking one single item to be
stricken out. X rise to ask this House to do
simple justice. I hold in my hand the report
of the chief of engineers upon this subject,
iu which he says :
"The importance of this improvement hag been
long admitted. As stated by Mr. Eliet, its motive is
' to afford a certain, regular, and reliable outlet for
the coal, salt, and other heavy products of the
valley.' If it had no other object than the devel-
opment of the immediate section of country through
which the Kanawha and its tributaries flow, the
necessary expenditure would be amply justified."
According to the report made by gentlemen
who -were appointed by the Governors of the
States of Pennsylvania. West Virginia, Indiana,
Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee, the
commerce of this river is over $5,000,000 a
year. In the bill before the House, out of an
appropriation of over $5,000,000, §1,137,000
is for the States of Wisconsin and Michigan,
either separately or combined. Over one fifth
of the whole appropriation of this, bill is given
to those two States. I do not ask that one
single one of these appropriations should be
stricken out, but I do ask that when the money
of the Government is distriouted it shall be
fairly and equally distributed between the
various States.
The State of West Virginia, from its organ-
ization up to 1872, paid into the national
Treasury more than $6,000,000. It was over-
run during the war by both armies. In my
own district four towns were destroyed either
by one army or the other. Roads were
destroyed, bridges were burnt, and yet not one
single dollar out of the nearly seven millions
which the State has paid into the Treasury of
the United States has ever in any shape been
restored to it, or proposed to_ be restoredto it,
except the small appropriation in this bill for
the benefit of the northern part of the State.
I ask simply for a fair dealing when the
money of the General Government is to be
distributed for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. I do not say that this bill proposes
lo improve the rivers and harbors of Wiscon-
sin and Michigan too much, but that, it pro-
poses to improve the rivers of the interior and
especially of the State of West Virginia too
little. This same report of the gentlemen
appointed by the Governors of the States to
whom I have referred shows that the population
of the geren States interested in this appro-
priation since 1870 has amounted to 13,592,000.
Oat of an aggregate population of 88,000,000,
18,692,000 are in these seven States.
Let me gay further, that it appears by the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue for 1865 that of the $183,000,000 of rev-
enue collected, $62,000,000 was paid by these
seven States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to antagonize any work in one State by
reference to works in another. I simply wish
to refer to works which are of a national and
not of a local character. Omitting the appro-
priation for the Sault SW. Marie canal, and for
the great harbors at Chicago and at other
points on Lake Huron, which although built
on the borders of States are no more for the
interests of those States than they are for the
entire commerce of the States, the State of
Michigan having great length of coast and
many harbors, which are harbors of refuge as
well as for local benefit—leaving these out,
this bill only appropriates $239,500 for the
State of Michigan, and only $182,500 for the
State of Wisconsin. All these works must
stand upon their own merits. I simply desired
to correct the gentleman's figures.
I want to say to the House that the Commit-
tee on Commerce considered this and every
other appropriation estimated for by the board
of engiueers. Appropriations to the amount
of $18,000,000 were recommended in the same
manner in whictf this appropriation of $2,000,-
000 which the gentleman asks for was recom-
mended.
Mr. SAWYER. It was not a recommenda-
tion, hut a suggestion.
Mr. CONGER. Now, the House is well
aware that this committee could not report a
bill appropriating over $5,000,000. We were
so notified by the House and by the committee
of the Senate. We tried to keep the bill down
to $5,000,000, and its appropriations reached
less than $5,500,000.
We gave the subject to this amendment fair
consideration. We admit the vast importance
of this work, so much so that last year we re-
ported in onr bill a large appropriation for the
survey of the James River and the Kanawha
canal, so as to get before the eountry a full
report of the necessity of this improvement.
The Kanawha is connected with the James
River canal, so that the two must go together.
This is an appropriation of $2,000,000 for the
Kanawha alone.
I hope, sir, to live to see the time when the
Government of the United States will in some
form or other assist these great interior chan-
nels of communication, and when that- is done
this canal and this river will receive appro-
priations.
Now, I do not antagonize this appropriation
at all, but I have studied these matters as thor-
oughly as I studied the alphabet in my earlier
years to know what the wants of the country
were. I would stand by his side and advocate it
at the proper time and in a proper bill and in a
proper manner, when we can properly com-
mence works of this eharrcter. But I do think
it will overload this bill, and perhaps destroy
it, to enter upon such a course now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAWYER. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted.
The question was taken; and uponadivision
there were—ayes 75, noes 56.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SAWYER said: I call for tellers. We
may as well settle this thing right here, and
see if we are to overload this bill in this way.
Mr. HEREFORD. The whole West is
interested in this.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were thirty in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quo-
ram) tellers were ordered.
The Chair appointed Mr. Sawyer and Ms.
Hereford to act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayea fO, noes 6i.
Before the result of this vote Was announced,
Mr. SAWYER said: I must ask for the yeas
and nays on this amendment, in order that
we may settle a principle. We may as weR
determine at the start if we a?e to load down
this bill by such propositions as this.
The question was taken off ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were forty-three in
the affirmative. ,
So (the affirmative being mofe than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas'and nays were
ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 79, nays 85, not voting 76; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arthur, Erasmus W. Beck, Bigby,
Bingham, Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Boderiek E.
Butler, Caldwell,Campbell, Cobb, Coburn.Comingo,
Critcher, Davis, Dodds, Pox, DuBose, Duel], Bun-
nell, Farnsworth, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
Griffith, Hancock, B[andley, Hanks, Harper, John T.
Harris, Hays, Hereford, Kendall, King. Leaeh.
Lowe, Maelntyre, Manson, Marshal^ McGrew, Me-
Henry, McKee, McKinney, Merriek; Morgan, Silas
L. Niblack, Isaac 0. Parker, Perry, Piatt, Porter,
Priee, Bead, Edward Y. Rice, John At, B:ce, gion
H. Rogers, Seeley, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, SJoss,
Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stowell, Suth-
erland, Terry, Thomas, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace, Whiteley,
John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Young—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Barber, Barry, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, BufVmton,
Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Clarke, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker, Darrall,
Dawes, Donnan, Esty, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder 0. Foster, Frye, HaWeraan,
Hale, Halsw, Harmer, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay,
(Jerry V,. Hazelton, John W. Hasselton, Hibbard,
Holman, Houghton, Kelley, Lamport, Lynch, Mc-
Clelland, McCrary. McJankin, Merriam, Monroe,
Morphis, Wiliam E. Niblack, Packard, Packer. Pal-
mer, Hosea W. Parker, Peok, Pendleton, Perce,
Peters. Potter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, H. Boardmaa Smith, Worth-
i nt;ton C. Smith, Speer, Starkweather, Stoughton,
Washington Townsend, Twichell, Xyner, upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldfon,Wheeler, Whitiborne,
Willard, and Williams of Indiana—8£>.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Banks,
Barnum, Beatty, James B. Beck, Biggs. James S.
Blair, Bright, Brooks, Buckley, Carroll, Coghlan,
Cox, Crebs, Creely, Crossland, Dickey, Duke, Barnes,
Eldredge, Elliott, B\y, Forker, Henry D. Eoater,
Garfield, Goodrich, Hambleton, George E. Harris,
Havens, John B. Hawley, Herndon, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, .KilLinger, Kin-
sella, Lamison, Lansing, Lewis, Maynard, MeCor-
mick, McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Poland,
Prindle, Randall, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
John Rogers, Roosevelt, Shellabarger, Sloeum,
John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, St. John, Swann,
Sypher. Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Warren,
Wells, Williams of New York, Jeremiah,M. Wilson,
and Wood—76.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph last read what I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
For completing the Louisville and Portland Canal,
$100,000. And the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized and directed to assume, on behalt ot
the United States, the control and_ management
of the said canal in conformity with the terms
of the joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kentucky, approved March _28, 1872, at
such time and in such manner as m his judg-
ment the interests of the United States, and tne
commerce thereof, may require; and the sum of
money necessary to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to oarry this provision into effect is hereby
appropriated: Provided, That after the united
States shall assume control of said canal, the tolls
thereon on vessels propelled by steam shall be
reduced to twelve cents per ton, and on all other
vessels in proportion.
Mr. SAWYER. I raise the point of order
that this is new legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. As bearing on the point
of order, I ask the Clerk to read a paragraph It
have marked in the river and harbor bill of I
last session.
The Clerk read as follows:
" For continuing the work on the canal at the falls
of the Ohio river, $300,100. And the Secretary or
War is hereby directed to report to Congress at- its
next session, or sooner, if practicable, the condition
of said canal, and the provisions necessary to relieve
the same from incumbrance, with a view of such
