680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
was to strike out the words "and allowances"
in the sixth line of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE S. WRIGHT.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3515) for the relief of George S- Wright,
administrator of John T. Wright, deceased;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to pay to George S.Wright,
administrator of the estate of John T. Wright,
deceased, the amount of Treasury settlement
No. 536, dated March 13, 1869, in accordance
with the certificates of the Third Auditor and
Second Comptroller.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUTUAL SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported back the peti-
tion of the Delaware Mutual Safety Insurance
Company, asking for relief, and moved that the
petitioners have lcuve to withdraw their papers
and lay thc-m before the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the relief asked being already provided by
law.
The motion was agreed to.
A. w. MOSS.
Mr. HAWLKY, of Connecticut., also, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (S.
No. 1021) for the relief of A. W. Moss.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to A. W. Moss the sum
of $480 in full compensation for ninety-six
days' service, at five dollars per day, ren-
dered by Mosa under the appointment of Gen-
eral Kosecrans, as a member of aboard to take
charge of the military custom-house at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, from March 20 to July 1,
1863.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there a report
accompanying this bill?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. The com-
mittee have adopted the report of the Senate
committee in this case. The claimant has
certificates in due form for his services for
about two thirds of the time. The War Depart-
ment says there is no doubt whatever that he
rendered the service, but it cannot pay him,
under the rule.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not object
to the bill.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LYMAN I. I1ISS0NG.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, also, from
the same committee, reported back with an
amendment Senate bill No. 1112 for the re-
lief of Captain Lyman I. Hissong, of Henry
county, Ohio.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be paid to Lyman J. Hissong, of Ohio, the
pay of captain from April 18, 1863, to August
1, 1864, while he actually served as captain in
the ninth regiment of Louisiana infantry vol-
unteers, colored, after he was mustered out of
the sixty-eighth regiment of Ohio volunteers,
and before he was formally mustered into the
said Louisiana regiment.
The amendment was to change the name to
Lyman J. Hissong, and was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
readiug ; and was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HARRIET W. POND.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, also, from
the same committee, reported back without
amendment Senate billNo. 1161, for the relief
of Harriet W. Pond.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill provides that in consideration of
injuries received during the war of the rebel-
lion, the sum of $1,000 be paid to Mrs. Har-
riet W. Pond, outofany money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was then ordered to a third read-
ing, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JESSE B. 1'KYTON.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3516) for the relief of Jesse E. Peyton;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bo engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Jesse E. Pey-
ton $1,084 45, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, being the
amount of the judgment with costs recovered
by John E. Hopkins against Peyton in the
supreme court of New Jersey on account of
the use of camp grounds and buildings by the
one hundred and eightieth regiment of Penn-
sylvania volunteers, and for fuel furnished to
the regiment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUDOUN COUNTY, VIRGINIA.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported back without amend
ment Senate bill No. 850, providing for the
payment to loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, therein named, for their property
taken by the military authorities of the
United States.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
i ury to pay, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to the within
named loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, m consideration of their live stock
seized by the military authorities of the United
States, in conformity with an order of Major
General Sheridan, dated November 27, 1864,
and partly slaughtered and used by the armies
of the United States, and partly sold, and the
proceeds of sale paid into the Treasury of the
United States, the sum of $61,821 13. Then
follow the names of the persons, with the
amounts to be paid them.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask the Clerk
to read a letter from the Treasury Department
which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., June 6,1872.
Sir : In reply to your inquiry on behalf of the
Committee of Claims, I haveto say that the accounts
of E. C. Parkhurst, late assistant special agent, snow
the net proceeds of captured stock sold by him from
September 8,1864, to February 7,1865, to be $84,865 65,
which amount has been covered into the Treasury.
It does not appear who were the owners of the stock
in question nor from what counties it was received.
Respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
H. H.Smith, esq., Cleric of Committee of Claims, House
of Representatives.
Mr. KERR. I suppose this bill is accom-
panied by a report. 1 ask that it be read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. There is a very
long report made by the Senate committee.
Mr. KERR. I hope then the gentleman
will make a statement of the matter, as brief
as he pleases.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will state very
briefly the nature of the case as it appears
before the committee. On the27th of Novem-
ber, 1864, General Sheridan issued his famous
order, which every member I suppose will
recollect, for the seizure and destruction of
property in the valley of the Shenandoah.
The orders made by him, and the swift and
complete execution of those orders, appear
fully in the report made in the Senate upon
this bill by Mr. Boreman. There were two
classes of property in that valley, which were
differently treated. One class, which could
not be taken and disposed of on account of
its bulkiness or for other reasons, was burned
up or otherwise destroyed upon the ground.
The other class of property, consisting chiefly
of horses, cattle, and things of that sort, which
the Army could conveniently use, was taken
and appropriated to the use of the Army. Such
of the cattle as were fit for slaughter were
slaughtered and used by the Army under the
direction of the quartermaster's department.
Those that were not suited for that purpose,
together with the horses, were sent away to
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and elsewhere, and
sold, and the proceeds were covered into the
Treasury of the United States.
It will be seen by the letter which has been
read from the Secretary of the Treasury that
an amount considerably larger than the allow-
ances proposed in this bill was paid into the
Treasury. The committee have taken great
pains to examine the very voluminous reports
made to the Department by the officers who
took and disposed of this property, and we
find that the prices proposed to be allowed
under the Senate bill are somewhat lower
than those realized upon sales of similar prop-
erty, and that the whole amount is something
less than that actually paid into the Treasury
as the proceeds of the sale of the property.
There were two bills passed by the Senate
on this subject, one allowing a very large
amount for property burned or otherwise de-
stroyed upon the ground ; the other making
payment for property taken and used by the
Army of the United States, and that which
was sold and the proceeds covered into the
treasury.
1 ought to state in addition that these claim-
ants went before the commissioners of claims
and applied for an allowance of these claims ;
but it was found that the commissioners could
allow them only a portion of the claims, and
it was thought not desirable to divide the
claims; therefore the commissioners declined
altogether to entertain jurisdiction of them
Hence the claimants came to Congress The
Senate passed this bill, which the Committee
