1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
legislation as will render the same free to commerce
at the earliest practicable period, subject only to
such tolls as may be necessary for the superintend-
ence and repair thereof, which shall not, after the
passage of this aet, exceed five cents per ton."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. holm an] comes very clearly within the
rule which allows additional appropriations
for works in process of construction. This is
for continuing what Congress a year ago appro-
priated a much larger sum of money for doing.
The Chair therefore overrules the point of
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
that I have been authorized by the Committee
on Commerce to offer this amendment. This
canal has for years, in effect, belonged to the
United States, by the purchase of all of the
stock of the canal company except five shares.
It was encumbered by authority of Congress
and the Kentucky Legislature, under legislation
which occurred in 1860 and 1861, to the extent
of $1,600,OOOfor the enlargement and improve-
ment of the works to adapt the canal to the
larger class of vessels. By the heavy tolls im-
posed, being fifty cents per ton on steam ves-
sels 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman please^
state the aggregate amount of the existing in-
debtedness?
Mr. HOLMAN. I was coming to that point.
These heavy tolls have not only met the inter-
est on the debt, but reduced the indebtedness
from $1,600,000 to $1,172,000, so that at pres-
ent the debt of the canal, independent of a
few thousand dollars of floating debt, as shown
by the report of the Secretary of War, made
in pursuance of a provision in the last river
and harbor bill, is. $1,172,000; evidenced by
eleven hundred and seventy-two bonds of
$1,000 each, issued by the canal company
under the legislation I have referred to, for
payment of which the revenues' of the canal
were pledged.
The House will bear in mind that the Gov-
ernment years ago became the owner of all the
shares of stock in this canal company, with
the exception of five shares, which by arrange-
ment between the United States and the State
of Kentucky were held by five citizens, at the
head of whom for some years was the late Sec-
retary of the Treasury, Mr. Guthrie. These
gentlemen were charged with the superintend-
ence of the works, and were authorized to issue
the bonds and charge the canal and its rev-
enues with their ultimate payment and the
payment of the annually accruing interest. At
tlie last session Congress reduced the tolls, or
rather attempted to do so, of this work from
fifty cents to five cents per ton, the tolls hav-
ing previously been, as gentlemen will see, the
heaviest tax by all odds ever borne by com-
merce in any part of the United States. This
reduction of the tolls was annexed to a pro-
vision requiring the Secretary of War to report
to Congress the nature and extent of the in-
debtedness of the company, and theprovisions
necessary to relieve the canal from incum-
brance, " with a view to such legislation as
will render the same free to commerce at the
earliest practicable period," subject to charges
for superintendence and repairs.
After Congress adjourned, during last sum
mer, a question as to the right of Congress to
make that reduction of tolls came before Jus-
tice Miller of the Supreme Court oftheUuited
States, on an application for an injunction,
and thedeciston of Judge Miller is incorporated
in the report made by the Secretary of War at
the present session. These five gentlemen,
constituting the board of directors of the com-
pany, holding the work in trust for the Gov-
ernment, and also in trust for the payment of
the accruing interest and the ultimate payment
of the bonds, iusisted that if they allowed the
money appropriated last session to be ex-
pended upon the work, it might be deemed a
waiver of their right to fix upon such tolls as
they might think proper to meet the bonds;
and this concession they thought would be
fatal to the interests of the bondholders, and
a violation of their duty to them. Justice
Miller decided that while this was a public
work, the improvement being made by the
Government, the Government acting in con-
cert with the State of Kentucky had authorized
the issue of those bonds,- and that any act
which would be destructive of the rights of
the bondholders could not be sustained.
Hence he ruled that the attempt to reduce the
tolls to five cents per ton was beyond the
power of Congress while payment of the bonds
was unprovided for, inasmuch as the trustees
were bound in good faith to the bondholders
to levy a tax, not only sufficient to pay the
interest but also the principal of the indebted-
ness as the bonds became due, and yet the
judge held that the Government expending
the appropriation made for continuing the work
could do the holders of the bonds no injury,
and for that reason denied the injunction.
There are then in all outstanding, eleven
hundred bonds of $1,000 each, bearing cur-
rency interest at six per cent. Three hundred
and seventy-two of those bonds fall due January
1,1876, four hundred January 1, 1881, and the
remaining four hundred January 1, 1886, which
must in some way be provided for before we
can reduce the tax. The object of conferring
upon the Secretary of the Treaspry discretion
as to the time and manner of making arrange-
ments for the assumption of this work by the
Government is that he may be untrammeled,
and enabled to make the best arrangement
he can for the Government. Ihe object is, of
course, that he shall make the best arrange-
ment possible with the bondholders to provide
for the payment of the interest and the ulti-
mate payment of the principal. Of course,
while this proposition does not necessarily
involve an immediate application of money
as the bonds are not due, it yet contemplates
the ultimate payment of these eleven hundred
and seventy-two bonds by the Government
or the purchase of the bonds. By the amend-
ment we fix the tax to be levied upon the com-
merce of that river (a commerce affecting to
a greater or less extent, as gentlemen will
remember, about fourteen States of the Union)
at twelve cents per ton upon all steam vessels,
and upon other vessels in the same propor-
tion. This tax of twelve cents per ton is still
certainly a heavier tax than has ever been
borne by commerce in any part of the country.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Does
this proposition come from a committee ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir. A majority of
the Committee on Commerce have authorized
me to present the amendment for the consid-
eration of the House.
I wish to say further that while I think twelve
cents per ton is as high a tax as this com-
merce ought to bear, and is more than is
necessary to superintend the canal and keep it in
repair, yet if Congress should at some future day
consider a heavier tax proper, the commerce
on that river will have to submit to it. But I
submit, considering the extent of this com-
merce and the long years during which it has
labored under these heavy exactions, gentle-
men should not insist that taxation so bur-
densome should be still further continued,
especially when extensive appropriations are
being made for improvements of inconsider-
able importance where commerce is yet to be
created.
I ask that my amendment be again read.
Gentlemen will observe that it is general in
its terms, so that as the bonds are due at a
remote period the Secretary may make the
best arrangement he can for the Government;
and until he does make some arrangement
the fifty cents toll will have to be borne. I
propose that he shall take his time before he
acts. I wish to add that since the report of
the Secretary of War was made last Decem-
ber a considerable amount of revenues have
been received upon the work, and will of
course be applied to the extinguishment of
the indebtedness.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope the amendment
will be again reported.
The amendment was again reported.
pension bill.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as
the managers of the conference on the part of
the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 2312) to re-
vise, consolidate, and amend the laws relating
to pensions: Mr. Moore of Illinois, Mr. Beck
of Kentucky, and Mr. Makson of Indiana.
commissioners of claims.
The SPEAKER also appointed the follow-
ing as the managers of the conference on the
part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 3088) to
extend for four years the act establishing the
board of commissioners ot claims and the acts
relating thereto : Mr. Blaik of Michigan, Mr.
Fbye of Maine, and Mr. Foster of Ohio.
darien expedition report.
The SPEAKER also appointed the follow-
ing as the managers of the conference on the
part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the resolution for printing
the Darien expedition report: Mr. Pendleton
of Rhode Island, Mr. Price of Georgia, and
Mr. Scofield of Pennsylvania.
river and iiarbor appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWE3. Mr. Speaker, I should like
to have the gentleman from Indiana explain
the terms of the Kentucky resolution to which
he has referred.
Mr. HOLMAN. They are not very long,
and I will ask that they be read.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can more
briefly, perhaps, state their substance.
Mr. HOLMAN. The substance is this : in
the first place, the Government should provide
for the payment of these outstanding bonds.
Mr. DAWES. It is an offer on their part?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; that the Govern-
ment is to provide for the payment of the out-
standing bonds.
Mr. STEVENSON. Payment or assump-
tion?
Mr. HOLMAN. They use the word " pay-
ment," but the result is the same. In the sec-
ond place, the resolution provides that the five
shares of $100 each', held by the directors of
the Louisville and Portland canal, shall be
paid. In the next place, it provides that ihe
police jurisdiction of Kentucky shall extend
over the ground. The grounds connected with
these works are said to be valuable.
Mr. DAWES. Does the resolution provide
for concurrent jurisdiction ?
Mr. HOLMAN. For police jurisdiction
simply. Beyond the police power the work is
surrendered to the Government. In the last
place, that as to drainage and bridging the
canal and use of water, there shall be certain
rights retained by Kentucky, subject to the
control of the Secretary of the Treasury. I
hold in my hand the recommendation of Gen-
eral Weitzel, a gentleman in whom those who
have acquaintance with him have the greatest
faith. He says the terms proposed are such
as-the Government can safely acquiesce in.
He remarks on the joint resolutions as follows :
"Theobjectof this resolution, which was approved
March 28,1872, was to enable the Government to
make the canal free, by assuming the debt, without
being compelled to awaitthe time when the enlarge-
ment was completed. The directors of the oaual
and I assented to this resolution. They are anxious
to be relieved of this trust. All that they wish is
that the Government shall assume or pay the debts,
so that they may be relieved from all responsibility.
" There is nothing objectionable in accepting the
terms ofthisjointresolution. There will probably not
be another bridge needed over the canal during the
next fifty years, and I do not believe ever moro than
one more. A number of drains are already laid into
the canal, and, if properly constructed, bring noth-
ing but water into the canal. The regulations con-
cerning the use of the water-power are to be made
by a Cabinet officer, and he can grant authority to
use it or not. As the canal, throughout its whole
