1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
of Claims of this House, upon a thorough
examination, are satisfied is right and ought
to pass. The Treasury has bad the money
derived from this properly, or the Government
has had the value of the money in the property
which was used by the Army. These were
really quartermaster's stores and supplies
appropriated to the use of the Army of the
United States.
xMr. HALE. Why did not the commis-
sioners of claims take jurisdiction of these
cases? .
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. A portion ot
this property was carried away and sold and
the money turned into the Treasury. The
claims for this property the commissioners
had no jurisdiction of; and it was found im-
possible to separate She two classes of claims.
This is all I care to say upon the question,
unless the gentleman from Indian [Mr. kerr]
or some other gentleman should wish to ask
me some question.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire whether
the money which has been paid into the Treas-
ury, as slated by the letter which has been
read, is the proceeds of the sale of the identi-
cal property for which these claims are now
made?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It is.
Mr. KERR. Then I would like to inquire
whether there are not other claims for repay-
ment for like property taken elsewhere in the
country, with or without military order?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I think there are
some others, though I am not aware of any
growing out of this particular transaction :
they have all, so far as possible, been brought
together in this bill. There may be other
claims growing out of this particular transac-
tion, but I am not aware of any. I think ail
have been very carefully looked up and are
included in this bill.
Mr. KERR. I wouid like to put one further
inquiry, whether each of these claimants re-
ceived from the military officers some kind
of voucher or evidence of his stock or prop-
erty taken ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Oh, yes, sir.
Some gentlemen who were appointed commis-
sioners to examine into this matter made a
perfect record, which appears in the Treasury
Department. Those commissioners, in a very
voluminous report, sustain these claims. I
believe it complies with all the rules we have
insisted on in any case.
The bill was ordered to a third readying; and j
it was accordingly read the third time, and j
passed. I
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon- •
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider ,
be laid on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. I
private land claims. ]
Mr. UPSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill (H. li. No. 3617) to provide for
ascertaining and settling private land claims
in certain States and Territories ; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
oklahoma.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested to ask unanimous consent lor leave to
the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. iawe] to
print in the Globe some remarks on the bill to
establish the Territory of Oklahoma, he having
been detained from the House by severe ill-
ness when that bill was before the House.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
JOUK I,. BKVBRlDtiR.
Mr. BUKCHAIU). by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
linoht.l, That the Doorkeeper of the House be
requested to deliver alt books and documents doe
John L. Beveridge, late a member at large from the
State of Illinois, to his order; and also all the
books and documents which may be due to him
until the beginning of the next session of Congress.
51INES AND MINING .
Mr. WALDRON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3518) in relation
to mineral lauds ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM 8. LAlilMBH.
On motion of Mr. BUNNELL, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers of William S. Larimer pertaining to
his claim against the United States.
john s. daniel.
On motion of Mr. MACINTYRE, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of John S. Daniel, of
Georgia.
a. b. rice.
On motion of Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of A. B. Rice, of Kentucky,
formerly referred to the Committee on Military
! Affairs.
leave of absknck.
! On motion of Mr. ADAMS, by unanimous ,
: consent, indefinite leave of absence was granted j;
; to Mr. Wikchester on account of sickness in ;;
his family. _ |
Mr. Lowe, by unanimous consent, was
: granted leave of absence until February 1. [
| refunding taxes. j
j Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, from '
j the Committee on Military Affairs, reported ,
I back a petitiou in relation to refunding taxes, .
i and moved that it be referred to the Com- ;
] mittee of Ways and Means ; which motion was j
'• agreed to. j
speaker's table. |
Mr. DAWES. I move to proceed to the |
business on the Speaker's table. :
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman pro- :
pose to go to the Speaker s table generally, or j
to take up a particular bill ? |
Mr. DAWES. Not for any particular bill,
j but to proceed to tbe business regularly. t
The House divided: and there were—ayes |
' 78, noes 48. j
|j So the motion was agreed to. j
■1 cruelty to animals.
J The first business on the Speaker's table
li was a bill (H. R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty
!■ to animals while in transit by railroad or other
i! means of transportation within the United
j! States, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments. ,
Mr, COX. I move that the bill and amend-
ments be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. . .
Mr. STEVENSON. I believe it came origin-
ally from the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. COX. Then I move it be referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill and amendments were referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tjmis for fbosbcctiox.
The next, business on the Speaker s table
was a bill ill. R. No. 19S) to extend the time
in which certain offenses may be prosecuted,
returned from the Senate with the following
substitute:
of
rftpe, roooviT, arson. Ha aun «« . 
, shall bo commenced within five yean- next niter to*
Oooilflis>ion of the cfiezi.-e, nod not aiterwuru. t>ut
this limitation shall eease while the person com-
mitting an offense shall have fied from jae!ice, or
shall have evaded judicial process, ana the period
of snch flight or evasion shall be deducted in com-
puting soeb time of five years. And all acts of Con-
gress inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed in
respect only to offenses hereafter committed, and
prosecutions for all offenses already committed shall
be instituted and eondneted in conformity with the
statutes already in force.
Mr. KERR. I move that be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill and amendments were referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
defective titles is the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Honse bill No. 1644. to cure defective
titles in the District of Columbia, with an
amendment by the Senate.
Tbe amendment of the Senate wag read, as
follows:
Add the following section:
Sec. 2. That before the United States shall be
divested of the title to any snch property the per-
sons claiming the same shall, after due notice mone
of the daily newspapers, published in the city of
Washington, once a week for three weeks, giving
notice of their intention to make proof, before a
judge of the supreme court of the District of
bia, of tbeir title to such property, according to the
provisions of the first section of this act; and tbe
judgment of said judge in favor of such claimant,
describing the property and coarse of descent, duly
recorded among the records of said court, shall be
evidence of the title to such property m such persons.
But any person feeling aggrieved by any saeh de-
cision may appeal to the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whose judgment shall be final.
Mr. ST A RK W E AT IIE li. I move that the
House concur in tbe amendment of the Senate.
| Mr. KERR. I move that the bill, with the
Senate amendment, be, referred to the Coenmit-
: tee on the Judiciary for further examination.
: Mr. RANDALL. It looks like a bill to
facilitate dispossessing the Government of its
; property.
; The SPEAKER. The question will first
' be on the amendment moved by the gentle-
| man from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] that the bill
' with the Senate amendment be referred to the
! Committee on the Judiciary.
; The question being put, Mr. Kerr's amend-
ment was agreed to.
j Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
I vote by which the bill and Senate amendment
] were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
' ciarv ; and also moved that tbe motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
I The latter motion was agreed to.
■| FIRST NATIONAL BASK OF KEWS4S.
ij The next business on the Speaker's table
j! was House bill No. 1812, authorizing the
' First National Bank of Newnan to change its
location and name, with Senate amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
On page 2. line five, strike out "first-"
On pace 2, line eight, strike out Atlantic and
insert "Commerce.'" •<
tin pass % Hoe twelve strike out first.
On pase 2, line thirteen, strike out Atlantic and
I insert "Commerce."
5' The amendments were concurred in.
1 Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
•> which the amendments ot the Senate were
concurred in : and also moved that tbe motion
i to reconsider be laid on the table.
j; The latter motion was agreed to.
I; w. II KIRK.
! The next business on tie Speaker's table
|! was House Bill No. 2255. for the relief of ft .
i E. Kirk, with Senate amendments.
!< The amendments of the Senate were read,
j as follows :
i In line w>, strike out the word "required" and
, insert the word "aathorifcsd. . „
' At the end of the billing theionowmir.
U. That satisfactory proof of the taw
herein set forth bo produced to the find accounting
oflicor*.
