1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
length, lies immediately in front of the city of
Louisville, unless the State were granted police
powers over the grounds they would undoubtedly
become the place of refuge for all the vicious char-
acters in the neighborhood."
This report, embracing the decision of Jus-
tice Miller and the views of General Hum
phries, of the War Department, is very full.
1 am satisfied, even though the subject may be
a source of embarrassment to some, that by
making a cursory examination of it, it will be
seen that if the Government is to relieve the
work at all and the commerce there from the
present heavy tax, the mode proposed is the
best which can be adopted.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I wish the
House to understand what this proposition is,
and of course it is to be submitted to their
judgment. It is a proposition, sir, on the
river and harbor appropriation bill, to add
§1,200,000 to these appropriations,
^idr. HOLMAN. Subject to whatever tolls
may have been collected within the last one
or two years-
Mr. CONGER. It is not to improve rivers
and harbors. It is not to carry on any work
this bill contemplates. It is to pay up the in-
debtedness o:j an old canal which existed when
the Government took it and undertook to make
it a good canal.
Mr. HOLMAN. When the Government
commenced the work, in 1861, these bonds
were authorized by act of Congress to enlarge
the canal.
Mr. CONGER. I maypossibly get a chance
to say a word or two if my friend from Indi-
ana will only be calm and quiet. I cannot say
them, of course, as well as the gentleman can.
This appropriation is to pay up indebtedness
before the Government itself assumed the con-
struction of this canal. 1 think that will not
be denied. That was my proposition before.
Now, the tax on this canal is high, fifty cents
a ton, too high. On this work the Govern-
ment has already expended $1,370,000 to
make it available, but before that time it was
not available for any purpose. Boats could not
go up it at all. There was no good canal.
Ihe committee think this bill ought not to
be allowed for the payment of the whole debt
yet due. The first of these bonds does not
become due until 1876, and so on for years
after successively. We have been compelled
to refuse appropriations for habor and river
improvements applied for from all over the
United States. And yet we are asked after
having expended more than a million and a
half of dollars in making this canal, to stop
other works, reduce other appropriations, and
swallow up a million and a quarter of dollars
nearly to pay up an old indebtedness not yet
due. We think that is wrong.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What does the
gentleman mean by an old indebtedness not
yet due?
Mr. CONGER. Old bonds not yet due.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, will please not interrupt me
too much by his kind hints. I referred to pay-
ing up bonds not yet due.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the committee would
desire, if any amendment of this kind should
pass, that there should be left high enough
tolls to pay this indebtedness year after year as
the bonds become due. The committee did
not assent to this amendment. The majority
of the committee refused to put this in the
bill. But a majority of the committee^ did
agree that the gentleman should be permitted
to offer his amendment here without the
recommendation of the committee, as he has
stated.
I have given, I think, the views of the com-
mittee. There is no doubt but these tolls are
excessive. There is no more doubt that with-
out this appropriation of a million and a half
of money from the Treasury there would have
beeu no canal there. We have paid within
the last three or four years nearly a million
and a half of dollars to make the canal. And
we do think that the commerce of the country
might surely pay this. But the -committee
are willing that it should be reduced one half,
and the gentleman who has reported the bill
is prepared to offer that amendment.
Mr. NEGLBY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if there are any other public works on
which such high tolls as these are paid?
Mr. CONGER. I do not know that there
are. I admit that the tolls are excessive, and
for myself I am very anxious that the com-
merce of that river should be made as free as
it can be consistently with the improvement
of the other parts of the country. I have
beeu willing that this should be amended so
that the tolls should be put at twenty-five
cents until next session of Congress. I have
made that proposition to gentlemen here, and
I understand they are willing to accept it. I
now yield to my colleague on the committee
the gentleman who has charge of the bill, to
move that as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the " word twelve" and
inserting the words " twenty-five."
Mr. CONGER. I wish to say on behalf of
the committee, who were unwilling to have the
amendment adopted as it was originally pro-
posed, that we agreed that this amendment
should receive our support here. And I under-
stand that the gentleman from Indiana and
his friends have agreed that it should receive
their support, and if the House should agree
to the amendment it will relieve the shipping
this year of half this burden, and I hope by
another year it will be reduced to what will be
sufficient to pay the expense of repairs and
the working of the canal.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the chairman of the
committee, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger,] the gentleman representing
the Cincinnati district, and the gentleman on
the committee from the Pittsburg district,
though we regard the imposition on the com-
merce of that river of so heavy a tax as
twenty-five cents a ton as an exceedingly op-
pressive discrimination against commerce,
which exists nowhere else as to any other
public improvement, still for the purpose of
making some progress in reducing this serious
burden, I am, after this conversation, inclined
to accept the amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Am I to under-
stand that the objection to the amendment
will be withdrawn if the rate is raised from
twelve to twenty-five cents per ton?
Mr. CONGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yery well, then.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that all objection will be
withdrawn to this amendment provided the
amendment offered by my colleague on the
committee shall become a part of the amend-
ment. I desire, however, to make a state-
ment, although I have beeu compelled to
refrain from familiarizing myself with the
details of this river and harbor appropriation
bill. I desire to make a statement in addi-
tion to that made by the gentleman from
Indiana.
Now, I submit to my fellow-members that
there is no work under the care of the Govern-
ment in the way of a canal that has so much
commercial importance as this work. I do
not think that there is one exception. It is a
work of immense magnitude. The amount of
commerce that passes from up the Ohio river
downward through this canal is enormous, and
the commerce of a considerable number of
States that comes back again up the river has
to pass through this canal—the commerce of
one third of the States of the Union. If you
will just go and look at the returns made, you
will find that there is no canal with which the
Government has relations which so largely
Now, then, it is absolutely plain that if
there is a work that should be cheapened m
its assessments on commerce by contributions
from the Government, this is the one. We-
have already an assessment of fifty cents per.
ton on the boats that pass through this canal,
not on the actual tonnage, but on tie capacity.
of the boat. How much has that assessment,
yielded? ,
Mr. DODDS. Fifty-five hundred thousand;
dollars.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Think of it;
$5,500,000 annually.
Mr. DODDS. Oh,no; in the aggregate.
Mr. HOLMAN. About $50,000 annually.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Well $5,500,000
in the aggregate is a large sum. Now, does
it make any difference that this is to pay for a
work already done? Is it in any sense differ-
ent from paying for work to be done? The
policy of the Government in regard to this
•work is fixed. The Government has entered
upon the work and now owns all the stock,
excepting perhaps $500. It is a Government
work". I repeat that the policy of the Govern-
ment is fixed in regard to it, and there is' no
place where we can better put our money than
at this point and in this work which relieves
the commerce of one third of the Republic.
I submit to the sense of fair play of gentle-
men on all sides of the House, who have lib-
eral allowances in this bill, that they should
be just to this proposition.
Now, one other additional remark and I
close. This is not loading down the bill with
an immediate and present appropriation at all.
Nothing is to be paid now. It is therefore not
a part of this year's expenditure. It is true
that it will result in future contributions from
the Government, extending, I believe, to the
year 1884, at which time this debt will be
extinguished.
Now we have consented that this commerce
shall be still taxed at the rate of twenty-five
cents a ton upon boats. I think that that is a
liberal concession, and I trust that members
on all sides of the House will be willing to give
us this.
Mr. SARGENT. The proposition before
the House is for the Government to pay or to
assume a debt of $1,200,000, aod to pay the
bonds of this concern, which are not due for
four, five, or six years at least, and at in-
definite periods thereafter. The pretense for
this is that commerce is taxed in order to pay
the interest on the bonds. Gentlemen plead
that transportation is burdened by the weight
of this private debt, and it should be aided by
the Government by our assuming both prin-
cipal and interest.
Now, a few days ago when I stood here and
said that there was a clear contract of certain
railroad companies with the Government of
the United States, which I asked that the
courts should pass upou before we denied their
rights, I was met by these very gentlemen who
are urging this measure with the reply that it
was an infamous job 1 advocated, and they
declared that Congress would not listen for a
moment to a proposition to send them to the
eourts of the country, even for a settlement of
their rights, before their rights were absolutely
denied.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
manJ threw in my face yesterday the charge
that I voted for jobs because I voted for prop-
ositions like this in order to relieve the travel
and transportation of the country I com-
mend to his own lips his own declarations and
his own denunciations. I say to those gentle-
men who now would burden the Treasury of
$1,000,000 to payoff these bonds, that they go
beyond anything that I have ever asked. I
simply asked that if there was a contract under
the statutes of 1862 and of 1864, whereby the
Government agreed that for the present and
until the maturity of the bonds they would
only exact one half of the transportation
money to be applied to the interest, the inter-
est and priucipal at the eud of that time to be
paid, that question should be submitted to the
courts in order that right and justice might
