1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
sioner of the General Land Office which has j
just been read that the amount of this grant :
was 1,201,181 acres ; that is to say, that had
there been lands along the whole line of the i
road not sold or otherwise disposed of, that ,
amount of land would have inured to the j
company. It also appears thai there were, j
in fact, certified to the company 042,147 acres, j
being about half of the grant of six sections to l
the mile, as iuteuded by Congress; and from j
that is to be taken thirty-five thousand acres ;
or more, which, it has been decided by the 1
Supreme Court of the United States, should
go to the Des Moines River Ioaprovemeut
Company. !
Now, in view of these facts, it will be ob- |
served that the company has really received
less than three sections to the mile. Without ;
reference to the lands secured by the Des
Moines River ImprovementCompany, there is
a deficit of 618,934 acres, and yet it is said by .
gentlemen who oppose this bill that it is a j
great land grant scheme. J
It is also shown by the letter of the Commis-
sioner which has been read that the lands cer- ;
tified to the company are all of them withiu '
fifteen miles of the old line of the road on the
north side and within twenty miles on the ;
Bouth side. It is also shown by that letter that
the company only received, under the act of
1864, less than one hundred and sixty thous-
and acres. The Chicago, Rock Island and
Pacific Railroad Company, as the successor of
the Mississippi and Missouri Railroad Com-
pany, paid to that company or its creditors a
sum of money amounting to more than
two and half million dollars for these same
lands.
All the lands now in dispute are within the
fifteen mile limits, as fixed by the act of 185ii,
and are on the north side of the old line.
The lands certified to the former company
have been purchased by this company for
more than two and a half million dollars, as is
shown by r. letter, which I now ask the Clerk
to read, from the secretary of the company.
The Clerk read as follows :
Chicago, Boci Islasu, and Pacific R. R. Co.,
Secretary's Offick, 13 Wii,uak Stuiskt.
N*w Yob*. 11, 1873.
Dkap. Sib: In reply to yours of January 9, X find
thtl the four Hundred and thousand acres
of land belonging to the Mississi|>tH and Missouri
Railroad company were covered by the trust mort-
gage to secure the payment of the land fr&ot bonds
a,--si first lien, and by the trust mortgage to swmre
the second mortgage construction bonds as a sccond
Hen.
The total amount paid by this cotnpaoy for the
Mississippi and Mi^ouri road, lands, franchises,
ic.. tn $5,500,000. The proportion paid for mat
liart of the mad to which the land Knot attached,
namely, west of Iowa City, was on account of land
arrant bunds and interest   S2.7H,&i>
On account of second mortgage* cotwtruc-
tion bonds and interest  3K129
$2,922,761
The railroad company mortgaged them to the
amount of nearly $8,000,000 ; and the bonds
secured by that mortgage have gone into the
hands of purchasers. It was supposed these
lands belonged to that company in ease the
road should be completed, and they have been
taxed by the State of Iowa ever since they
were certified by the land department under
the acts of Congress.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask the
gentleman to give us the proof of that.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. The Chicago,
Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad Company,
and its predecessor, the Mississippi and Mis-
souri Company, have paid, as I am credibly j
informed, in taxes on these identical lands more
than half a million dollars. They have paid
taxes upon them ever since they were certified.
Many of these lands are in the possession of
actual settlers, men who have paid their value
to the railroad company, supposing they had
title to them.
Now gentlemen say that this is a land grunt,
that it is a bill conveying land to the Chicago,
Iiock Island, and Pacific Railroad Company,
and that there are certain homestead settlers
who have rights in these lands. I poiut gen- j
tlemen who oppose this bill to the letter of the j
Commissioner of the General Land Office, ;
wbo states that at the time that letter was '
written, during the last session, there were not ;
twenty persons claiming title from the Gov-
ernment to the lands affected by this bill, and
the bill secures the rights of all persons entitled
; under the homestead or preemption laws. In
!| view of these facts can it be said that this is
j a land grant? Why, sir, no gentleman upon
i this floor has resisted land grants with more
, earnestness than I bave done. I have never
. to my knowledge since I have been in this
I House voted to give away a single acre of the
] public land to a railroad company except as a
right of way over the public lands. I wouid
certainly be one of the very last to do that, It
is well known to every member of the House
that I have steadily and persistently resisted
the policy.
But this is not a land grant; there is noth-
ing about it like a land grant It is merely a
declaration on the part of Congress that the
United States shall not assert title to these
lands which it is said by those opposing this
bill are Government lands. The Government
does not claim to own these lands. The Gov-
ernment long since certified every acre of
them to this railroad company, and this bill
simply proposes to confirm the action of the
laud department. So far as that is concerned,
the Government has done everything that it
can to part with its title under former laws,
but because there are certain persons who say
that the Government has not parted with its
title to a part of the lands certified, the com-
pany ask Congress to confirm the action of the
land department. Why? Because there are
lauds which are still unsold and upon the title
to which a cloud is cast. It is said fay gentle-
men who oppose this bill that the lands are
not owned by the company; and therefore
persons are afraid to purchase themj and
those who are actually in possession of lauds
which they have bought from the railroad
company are uneasy about their title. They
say. if they have not a good title they ought
to have. For the purpose of quieting these
titles Lite Senate has passed the bill now before
the House.
I have stated as briefly as I couid what, 1
deem to be the points involved in this bill. I
think I have shown conclusively that there is
here no land grant; that these lauds were cer-
tified to the railroad company years ago, and
that every acre now in dispute was conveyed
in pttrsu&ttco of ttu* acts of Congress, i think
thi* bill ought to pass for the purpose of quiet-
ing title to the lands heretofore granted. It
divests no one of any right, but confirms and
settles those tdready acquired.
I believe this cover* allroawijb: if not, telegraph
me what further you require. Yuiira,  kc.,
F. H. Tl >WE,S. A (rrt'irj?.
William L. Scott, ««.. ,
H uitxrii'g ll'ttA, D. C. ■:
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois I have before ;
stated that every acre of land in question by
this bill is within the grant as certified under ;
the act of 1N0 >. Now. this hill upon its fiici' '
declares that its purpose is simply to release .
or relinquish any claim which the United States ^
may have to these lands. It does not pretend !
to convey to this company lands which hare ;
been conveyed to another company, person. !
or corporation, or that are now owned by the [
Government. It is simply a declaration, on :
the part of the Government of tbe United .
States, that so far u it is concerned, it docs ,
not assert title to the lands which years ago '
were certified to the Chicago, Rock Island.
and Pacific Railroad Company, and to the ,
.Missi.skippi and Missouri Railroad Company. >
Ever since thet>« lands were certified they j
have b-en supposed to i>« the property of the , <«;'■" •— -; _ .„r rt>~fjveci
railroad company to which they were granted, il I ho nuiroad company ha.- never received
I half of the land to which it was entitled $ it baa
| never received three sections to tbe mile ; yet
j Congress bag imposed tfyott it for all time a
' condition that it shall transport troops, muni-
i tions of war, and other property for the Gov-
j ernment without compensation; that it shall
j carry tbe mails of the ffnited States upon such
• conditions and with •deb- restriction* as the
; Government may prescribe. In view of all
> these facte I think, the bill ought to pass. It
'• is intended for the very purpose declared in its
' title—simply to quiet the title to these lands.
| Mr. SPEER. Will the gentleman have the
; kindness to state what is the number of acres
i to which tbe title is in dispute 1
j Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I have no
I means of knowing; I have nothing from the
• Land Commissioner which would settle that
j question.
I Mr. STEVENSON. I can answer tbe
j question.
I Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. ®he letter
I which has been read from the Commissioner
! of the General Land Office shows that all the
j lands that could be acquired under the law of
i 1864 amount to less than a hundred and sixty
j thousand acres.
I will now yield to gentlemen on the other
, side ■, but I desire before the expiration of my
hour to call the previous fjnestion.
' Mr. McCORMICK, jif Missouri. I would
like to speak upon thurwabject.
, Mr. HAWLKY, of Illinois. For how long?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
like half an hour.
's Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I have bat
' eighteen minutes remaining. I will yield ten
minutes to the gentleman ; and if the previous
. question be seconded, I will yield a large por-
, tion of my time to gentlemen on tbe other
side. I desire to retain the floor for the par-
pose of demanding the previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot consent to
! have the previous question ordered. We pro-
, pose to refer this bill to the Judiciary Com-
; mittee, in order that the legal rights of the Gov-
s' ernment may be considered.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That is
! the motion I wish to submit. I desire that the
i Judiciary Committee shall investigate this mat-
ter. and that this railroad company shall re-
, ceive every acre of land to which it is entitled.
Do I understand the gentleman from Illinois
'! [Mr. Hawj.sy] to yield to me?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. For ten min-
, utes.
' MESSAGE FROM THE SKNA.T8.
• A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
; sos, one of its clerks, informed the House
' that the Senate bad agreed to the concurrent
; resolution of the House providing for distrib-
| utiog the five thousand copies of the Medical
; and Surgical History of the War, ordered to
; be printed bv joint resolution of Congress &p-
proved March 3, 1869, two thousand for tbe
ii iise of tbe House, one thousand for the use of
the Senate, and two thousand for distribution
by the Surgeon Geoer&l of the Army,
'i The message further announced that tbe
'• Senate bad passed, without amendment, bilU
i of tie House of the following titles:
1 A bill (H. R. No. 772) to incorporate tbe
i Loorois Aerial Telegraph Company ;
■; A bill (H. R. No. 2370) for the relief of T.
:• H. Holderness, owner of the British ship Duke
i, of Edinburgh : and
; A bill (.H. R. No. 2881) for the settlement
and payment of the claim of Elizabeth S.
j Brewer, executrix of John Brewer..,
The message also announced thaf the Sen-
; ate had passed, with amendments, in which
• the concurrence of the House vpis requested, a
joint resolution and bills of the following titles:
A joint resolution iji. R. No. 170) to enable
the people of the United States to partici-
pate in the advantages of the international
j. exposition to be held at Vienna in 1873 ;
j] A bill ill. ii. No. 27Ji) making an appro-
