1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. STORM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4546) to facilitate
the resumption of specie payments by making
legal-tender notes redeemable in United States
bonds; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
additional judicial district, illinois.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolution of the Legislature
of Illinois, requesting the passage of a bill to
create an additional Federal judicial district
for the State of Illinois; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
medical statistics.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee^ on
Printing, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring.) That of the fire thousand addi-
tional copies of medioal statistics of the Provost
Marshal General's Bureau, authorized to be printed
by joint resolution of Congress, approved March 3,
1869, two thousand copies shall be for the use of the
House of Representatives; one thousand for the use
of the Senate, and two thousand for distribution by
the chief meditsal purveyor of the Army.
medical practitioners in the district.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial for equality of rights of
medical practitioners in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for an appropriation for a hospital
therein ; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed in the Globe.
The memorial is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America m Congress assembled ;
The petition of the undersigned, residents of the
District of Columbia, would respectfully represent,
that there is a class of physicians known as physio-
medicals, or pure botanies, who troat disoaso upon
strict physiological principles, and use only per-
fectly sanative remedies, and discard all poisons,
either vegetable, animal, or mineral,inoluding alco-
hol in all its forms; and that they are not entitled
to collect pay for their services in this District, whioh
tends to prevent its introduction, and deprive those
who would employ that class of physicians from the
advantages of a safe and reliable mode of curing
disease: we therefore petition your honorable body
to pass such a law during your present session as
will put that class of physicians on an equal footing
in a legal point of view with the allopaths in the
District of Columbia. We also ask you to make a
reasonable appropriation for a hospital to be con-
ducted upon the above principles, as an aet of jus-
tice and humanity to a large and respectable class
Who greatly prefer this practice to all others.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
II. G. MILAN'S,
A. A. WHJiELO.CK,
WM. R. BAUM.
GEORGE CROSS, M. D.,
JNO. JOHNSON,
C. BOUN.
February, 1873.
skrgeant-at-arms office.
Mr. SARGENT. I am directed by the
Committee on Appropriations to report back
certain accounts apparently calling for a de-
ficiency appropriation in the Sergeant-at-
Arms office, and move that they be referred
to the Committee on Accounts. We have no
time to examine them carefully, and the Com-
mittee on Accounts can look into them and if
necessary move an amendment to the appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
hon. harry lott.
Mr. McCRARY, from the Committee on
Elections, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and is
hereby, directed to pay Hon. Harry Lott, out of the
contingent fund, the sum of 81,600 for his expenses
in prosecuting his claim to a seat in the House from
the fourth district of Louisiana.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john eaton.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 4547) to remove
the charge of desertion from John Eaton, a
private soldier of the eighteenth Wisconsin
volunteer infantry; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a bill
(H. R. No. 1963) for the relief of B. P. Speedy,
late first lieutenant second battalion six months'
Pennsylvania volunteers.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bills of the following titles;
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 3498) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30,1874 ;
An act (H. R. No. 3593) to confirm to
William Marvin the title to seven thousand
acres of land in the State of Florida ;
An act (H. R. No. 8470) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting the right of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1869 ; and
An act (H. R. No. 3730) to remove the
political disabilities of Daniel C. DeJarnette,
of Virginia.
transfer of safes.
Mr. FARNSWOTRH. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce for present consideration
a bill authorizing the transfer of safes from the
War Department to the Post Office Depart-
ment for use in the transportation of registered
mails.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to transfer such safes or paymas-
ter's chests as may be on hand in his Depart-
ment to the Post Office Department for use
in the transportation of registered mails, with
a view to promote the security of such mails.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This has the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War, and I pre-
sume there will be no objection to the passage
of the bill.
There was no objection, and the bill (H. R.
No. 4048) was read three times and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH m.oved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chinese labor.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for present consideration a bill to
prohibit contracts for servile labor. I desire
to say that the bill merely prevents Chinese
slavery in California, where it is proven by
undoubted testimony that Chinese are sold
from day to day.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information after which objections, if any, will
be in order.
The bill was read.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I object.
change of name of steamer.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4049) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the steamer New England to City of
Portland ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. LYNCH. This bill has the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Commerce; and
I ask that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of
the steamer New England of Eastport, Maine,
to that of City of Portland, and to grant a
new register to said steamer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. julia a. nutt.
Mr. CROCKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 4050) for the relief
of Mrs. Julia A. Nutt; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
shawnee lands in kansas.
Mr. BOLES. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, with the unanimous recommendation
of the committee that the same do pass, the
bill (S. No. 536) to confirm sales of Shawnee
lands in Kansas, under the direction and with
the approval of the Secretary of the Interior.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read.
Mr. LOWE. I object.
message from the president.
Mr. Babcock, Private Secretary of the
President, appeared at the bar, and delivered
to the House a message from the President in
writing.
washington treaty.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House af Representatives ;
In my annual message to Congress at the opening
of the second session of the present Congress in De-
cember, 1871, I recommended the legislation neces-
sary on the part of the United States to bring into
operation the articles of the treaty of Washington
of May 8,1871, relative to the fisheries and to other
matters touching the relations of the United States
toward the British North American possessions, to
becomo oporative so soon as the proper legislation
should be had on the part of Great Britain and its
possessions.
That legislation on the part of Great Britain and
its possessions had not then been had.
Having prior to the meeting of Congress in De-
cember last received official information of the con-
sideration by Great Britain and its possessions of the
legislation necessary on their part to bring those
articles into operation, I communicated that fact to
Congress in my annual message at the opening of
the present session, and renewed the recommenda-
tion for your early adoption of the legislation in the
same direction necessary on the part of the Govern-
ment.
The near approach of the end of the session in-
duces me again to urgently call your attention to
the importance of this legislation on the part ot
Congress.
It will be remembered that the treaty of Wash-
ington resulted from an overture on the part of
Great Britain to treat with reference to the fisheries
on the coasts of her Majesty's possessions in North
America, and other questions between them affect-
ing the relations of the United States toward these
possessions.
To this overture a reply was made on the part of
this Government that while appreciating the im-
portance of a friendly and complete understanding
between the two Governments with reference to the
subjects specially suggested by the British Govern-
ment, it was thought that the removal of the differ-
ences growing $utof what were generally known as
the "Alabama claims " was essential to the restora-
tion of cordial and amicable relations between the
two Governments, and the assent of this Govern-
ment to treat on the subject of the fisheries was
made dependent on the assent of Great Britain to
allow the joint commission which it had prepared on
the question suggested by that Government to treat
also and settle the differences growing out of the
Alabama claims*
Great Britain assented to this, and the treaty of
Washington proposed a settlement of both classes
of questions. Those relating to the Alabama claims
ana to the northwestern water boundary, com-
monly known as the "San Juan" question, have
been disposed of in pursuance of the terms of the
treaty.
Those relating to the fisheries were made by the
terms of the treaty to depend upon the legislation
which the Constitutions of the respective Govern-
ments made necessary to oarry those provisions into
effect.
Great Britain and her possessions hare on their
part enacted the necessary legislation.
This Government is now enjoying the advantage!
of those provisions of the treaty which were the
