1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
164?
result oi ttie condition ol its assent to treat upon tie
questions which Great Britain had submitted.
Ihe tribunal at Geneva has made an award in
favor of the United States on the Alabama claims
and his Majesty the emperor of Germ any has de-
cided in favor of the contention of the United States
on the northwestern boundary line.
In addition to the claim that Great Britain may
have upon the good faith of this Government to con-
sider the legislation necessary in connection with
the questions which that Government presented as
the subject of a negotiation which have resnlted so
favorably to this Government upon the other ques-
tions m whieh the United States feels so much inter-
ested, it is of importance that the rightsoftheAmeri-
can fishermen, tut provided for under the treaty,
should be determined before the now approaching
fishing season opens, and that the serious difficul-
ties to the fishing interests and the grave questions
between the two Governments that may arise there-
from be averted.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, February 24,1873.
order of BCSINKSS.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that by unanimous
consent the message just read be now con-
sidered, and that the bill (H. R. No. 488) to
carry into effect the provisions of the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
signed in the city of Washington the 8th day
of May, 1871, relating to the fisheries, betaken
up for action
Mr. SAWYER. I must call for the regular
order, which is the consideration of the river
and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. Can I move to suspend the
rules and proceed to the consideration of the
President's message?
The SPEAKER. The House is already
acting under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BANKS. Then I give notice that I will
move to suspend the rules for the purpose I
have intimated as soon as I can get the floor
to do so.
Mr. SARGENT. This is a very important
matter, and I hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will be recognized as soon as the
river and harbor bill is disposed of.
, The SPEAKER. The House is acting
under a suspension of the rules on the bill in
charge of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Sawyer,] and nothing can take that gentle-
man off the floor but a question of privilege.
As soon as that bill is disposed of the Chair
will recognize the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Basks.] The regular order being
called, it is the duty of the Chair to call up the
river and harbor bill.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I thought the Chair
had recognized me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had done so,
but the gentleman from Wisconsin insists on
the regular o*der.
river and harbor appropriation bill.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 3922) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] desire the amend-
ments offered by hiui, and ou which the House
refused to suspend the rules, to be acted on
seriatim ?
Mr. SAWYER. I prefer that they should
be acted on at the poiuts where they come in.
The question was on the following amend-
ment offered ou Saturday by Mr. Niblack, of
Indiana.
In line one hundred and thirty-five strike out
all after the word "Illinois," and insert tho follow-
ing: .
Including the purchase, repair, ana "reconstruc-
tion of the locks and on too gaffl© aear ih©
mouth of White river, $50,€0Q: Ptovuled, That said
locks and dams can be pureliused at a price not ex-
ceeding their fair value, to be ascertained under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of War.
So that it will reads . ..
For tlie improvement of the Wabash nver, ladi-
arm and Illinois* including tho purchase, &c.
The amendment waa agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
, For the improvement of Sebawaing river, Saginaw
bay,co
Mr. LYNCH. I am authorized by the
Committee on Commerce to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For improvement of the harbors of Washington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia, $80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of St. Clair river, at the
mouth of Black river, $15,000.
Mr. McGREW. I offer the following amend'-
ment:
For the improvement of the Great Kanawhariver,
West Virginia, according to plans submitted by
General A. A. Humphreys, $25,000.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I suggest that these
amendments should be offered at the point
where the States come in in the bill.
The SPEAKER. It would be far better to
do it in that way, but gentlemen have a right
to offer their amendments at any point in the
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to insert the amendments in the light
place, so as to produce harmony in the bill.
Mr. HAYS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
_ For survey and improvement of the Black War-
rior river below Xusealoosa, Alabama, $20,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I raise the point of order
on that amendment that it is for a survey, and
that no survey has yet been made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must sustain
the point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of Plattsburg harbor. New
York, $10,000.
Mr. MERRIAM. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the paragraph
just read :
For removal of the sand-bar in the harbor at the
mouth of Black river, Kew York, $5,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. SAWYER. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the improvement of the Minnesota river,
Minnesota, $10,000.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move to insert after the
paragraph just read the following:
Provided, That one half of said sum shall be ex-
pended between the mouth of the Yellow-Medicine
and Minnesota falls, in said river.
Mr. SAWYER. There is no objection to
that; it is merely a change of phraseology.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I oppose that
amendment and move to strike opt the clause
to which it is proposed to attach it.
I want to say a word only upon the subject.
I do not offer the amendment because I par-
ticularly desire that the Minnesota river should
be deprived of this appropriation, but I find
here an appropriation for the improvement of
the Illinois river of $50,000, and an effort has
been made to put in the Kanawha and the
Arkansas. Suppose I move to insert an appro-
priation for the Kentucky river, which' passes
through my district, a district which pays to
the Government in revenue $2,100,000 a year.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman has not
asked for a survey of that river.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. No, sir j I do not
want it, I do notthink Congress has a right to
do it aud I do not wantany improvements made
in rivers over which the United States has no
jurisdiction. We can bridge the Kentucky, the
Illinois, and the Minnesota rivers without the
authority of the United States. Take the case
of the Schuylkill. Not long_ ago when the ques-
tion arose what the jurisdiction of Congress
was over the Schuylkill river, Pennsylvania,
the Supreme Court decided that the _ State of
Pennsylvania and the city of Philadelphia
can make obstructions in that river because
it is a State river flowing into the Delaware ,
withio the boundaries of the State.; We have
a right to improve great international rivers,
but if we are going to improve rivers like
the Minnesota^ the Arkansas, the Kentucky,
and the Kanawha^ then let all the small rivers
come in on the log-rolling systein. It is be-
cause we cannot extend the jurisdiction of
Congress over rivers Of weich they • have no
jurisdiction, that I object to the Minnesota
coming in over which the Government has
no jurisdiction. That is the objection I wake,
and you can do as you please with it.
Mr. BUNNELL. If the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] purposes to follow the
same course in regard to all the rivers that he
does with regard to the Minnesota river, then I
cannot criticise his course. But I trust th&
House will sustain the Committee on Com-
merce in recommending this small sum of
$10,000 that is given to the congressional dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent,
embracing one half of the State of Minnesota.
The board of engineers recommended the
expenditure of Sf&0,000, and the committee
has cut it down to $10,000.
This river runs parallel for a hundred miles
from its mouth with a railroad. I admit that it
has had an appropriation from year to year;
last year it had f20,000; this year the commit-
tee cut down the appropriation to $10,000.
I do not ask that the amount the committee
recommend shall be increased, but simply
that $5,000 out of this $10,000 shall be used
between two certain points on the river. This
is the only item in this bill that at all affects
my congressional district. I found no fault
when the committee cut down the amount
recommended by the board of engineers, but I
trust the House will concur in the recommend-
ation of the committee.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have no objec-
tion to the amendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Duxxbll ;] but after that is
disposed of I shall insist upon my motion to
strike out the entire paragraph.
The amendment moved by Mr. DnxNBLLwas
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, to strike out the
clause as amended.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. My attention has
been called to the fact that there is a proviso
at the end of tbe third section of this bill;
which reads as follows : '
Provided, That the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized to prevent the obstruction of such of the
navigable waters of the United States as have been,
or may hereafter be, improved by appropriations
made therefor by Congress, and expended under his
direction; and may cause the removal of such
obstructions, at the expense of the parties causing
the same, when practicable, except where said
obstructions are authorized by the laws of the United
State3. • • ;
Now, I shall object to that clause, when its
consideration shall be reached, as new legisla-
tion. And I shall object to it also because I
deny the power of Congress to take possession
in that indirect wajr of the power of the States
over the streams within their respective limits.
This proviso means and assumes that we can
deprive a State of a privilege,- that we can tear
down the bridges over the Schuylkill, though
the Supreme Court of the United States has
decided that we cannot; that wecan tear down
the locks and dams on the Kentucky and the
Kanawha rivers j audit provides that when we
shall make an appropriation to improve a river
and shall declare it a navigable stream, no
State shall use it for any purpose except such
as Congress may say it shall be used for. It
• is do answer to the to say that Congress takes
jurisdiction of all these streams;
Mr, SHELLAB A RGER. What the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr, Beck] says in regard
to the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the case of the Schuylkill bridge
case is not complete, and therefore might con-
vey an erroneous impression in regard to what
