164:8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
is the present state of the law as touching the
jurisdiction of a State over navigable streams.
The decision to which the gentleman refers
does not decide that Congress has no jurisdic-
tion over the Schuylkill, but on the contrary,
both the dissenting and the majority opinions
in that case assert that power on the part of
Congress. The decision was that, in the ab-
sence of legislation by Congress covering that
subject-matter, the State, in the exercise of its
ordinary police and municipal powers, might
exercise jurisdiction, and construct or author-
ize the construction of a bridge across the river.
And since in that case there was an absence
of congressional legislation on the subject, the
Supreme Court would not declare the State
law to be unconstitutional; but the whole
case assumes the right of jurisdiction on the
part of the Federal Government.
And now I add that ihe present state of our
decisions and of our law as construed by those
decisions is this: that wherever a river which is
in fact navigable is such as to form a line of
interstate commerce, then the right of juris-
diction exists in Congress, and it is within the
pleasure of Congress to assert and bring in
play that Federal right of legislation. And this
whole bill proceeds upon that legal right, thor-
oughly well settled by a long line of decisions.
Wherever a water line extends from State to
State, and thus makes a line of interstate com-
munication, not confined to any particular
State, there your right of legislation extends.
Mr. RANDALL. I suppose proper time
for discussing the proviso of the third section
will be allowed when it shall be reached.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for a vote.
The question was taken upon the motion
of Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, to strike out the
pending clause as amended; and upon a divis-
ion it was not agreed to—ayes thirty-eight,
noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
i'or the improvement of the Illinois river, 850,000.
Mir. STEVENS. I move to amend the
clause just read by striking out "fifty " and
inserting " one hundred," so as to make the
appropriation for the improvement of the
Illinois river, $100,000. In reference to this
improvement, I wish to read from the report
of the board of engineers convened at Keokuk,
Iowa, by order of General Humphries, in
December, 1871, consisting of Colonel J. W.
Macomb, Major General J. H. Wilson, and
Captain A. H. Burnam, of the corps of
engineers.
After acting upon the Rock Island rapids
and making recommendations therefor the
board proceeded to consider the improvement
of the Illinois river, and say:
"Below is given the report of Mr. Robert E. Mc-
Matli, civil enginoer assistant, under whose imme-
diate charge the work has been for the past two
yearn, and in whose opinion the board fully coin-
cides.
"The board believes that $306,226 60 will complete
the work, as stated in Mr. MoMath's report, and that
$180,000 thereof can be advantageously used during
the coming season. It consequently recommends the
appropriation of that amount."
Mr. McMath in his report says:
"If the moans are provided the work in question
can be completed in two years, and the estimates
are baaed upon its vigorous prosecution. The cost
would be materially increased if the work is delayed.
The amount that can be profitably expended during
the coming year is SlnO.OOO; by the expenditure of
that amount a depth of three feet will be secured
for navigation throughout the river."
Mr. Speaker, General Humphries has from
time to time during the last three years, in
every report that he has made on the western
rivers, recommended this appropriation; yet
I am sorry to say that since 1870 no appro-
priation has been made for this important
channel of commerce.
I ask the consideration of the House for a
moment to the character of this river in refer-
ence to its peculiar adaptation for navigation,
and its position as the connecting link of the
two most extensive chains of inland naviga-
tion in the feuowa world,
It lies immediately between the southwestern
extremity of the great northern lakes and the
very heart of the Mississippi valley. On the
east the system of navigation embracing the
shore line of the lakes and their navigable
tributary streams, is more than six thousand
miles in extent; twice the width of the Atlan-
tic ocean- On the west it connects with the
upper and lower Mississippi, the Missouri,
the Ohio, the Cumberland, and the Genesee,
and their many navigable tributaries, extend-
ing from the Gulf of Mexico nearly to the
British possessions on the north, and from the
Alleghanies to the Rocky mountains in the
"west; a system of inland navigation exceeding
in extent the width of the Pacific ocean.
The Illinois river and canal is to these im-
mense systems of inland navigation what the
Nile and Suez canal is to the commerce of
Europe and the East Indies ; or what a canal
across the Isthmus of Darien or Tehuantepec
would be to the commerce of the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans. At the eastern extremity of
this work is situated Chicago, the proud queen
of the lakes rising phoenixlike from her ashes.
Near the southwestern extremity is St. Louis,
whose central position and solid and substantial
advance in wealth and population, notwith-
standing the embargo of the Mississippi during
the late unpleasantness, warrants the opinion
that she is destined to be second to no interior
city in America.
Upon the banks of the Illinois is found a
large and enterprising population. Here are
also many considerable cities and flourishing
towns. Lockport sends weekly many thou-
sand barrels of flour from her mills. Joliet
can boast of a rolling-mill for Bessemer steel
rails of the largest capacity of any in America.
Ottawa has extensive corn-starch works and a
great variety of establishments for the manu-
facture of agricultural implements. Lasalle
has the greatest zinc works in the world.
Peoria is second to but one city in the couutry
in the production of highwines. Henry has
its paper mill, and Lacon its very extensive
packingestablishmentand wooling factory; and
Pekin is headquarters for the manufacturing
of Haines's harvesters, so extensively used on
the western prairies and in the fertile valleys
of California. Here are also Morris, and
Marseilles, Peru, and Chillieothe, Liverpool,
Havana, and Bardstown ; all which cities send
quantities of plows, cultivators, sowers, and
reapers West and South.
This river is especially adapted for naviga-
tion, very direct in its course, and having not
more than two inches to the mile fall for con-
siderable part of its length. I cannot give a
better description of it than to quote from
the Historical Collections of Louisiana the
language of Lieur Joliet, one of the early
French explorers, who accompanied Fathers
Lasalle and Hennepin in their voyage up the
St. Lawrence, through the great lakes, and
down the Father of Waters. Each of them
gave their names to thriving cities upon the
banks of the Illinois. Lieur Joliet writes as
follows:
" I, with Father Marquetto, then ascended the
Mississippi river with great difficulty against the
current, and left it in latitude thirty-eight degrees
north, to enter another river, thelllinois, which took
us toth^lake of the Illinois, (Michigan,) which is a
much shorter way than through the river Menscon-
sin, (Wisconsin,) by which wo entered the Missis-
sippi. I never saw a more beautiful country than
we found on this river. The prairies are covered
with buffaloes, stags and deer, and the rivers and
lakes with swans, ducks, geese, paroquets, and
beaver. The river upon which we sailed was wide,
deep, and placid for sixty-five leagues, and nav-
igable most of the year round. There is a portage
of only half a league into the lake of the Illinois,
(Michigan.")
The Illinois takes its rise within a few miles
of southwest terminus of the great northern
lakes, and takes a direct course southwest to
the very heart of the great western valley and
embouches into the Mississippi river in juxta-
position to the great natural center of the
commerce which flows from the several large
rivers which enter the Mississippi in this
region.
The people of the United States cannot
afford to do without this improvement; eastern
people who want cheap grain and cheap meat
cannot afford to do without it; the people of
the western States who wish to get their cloth-
ing and boots and shoes and other manufac-
tures from the eastern States cheaply, -cannot
afford to do without it; and now, when there
is such a great struggle going on for the pur-
pose of regulating railroads, when every State
in the West is making an earnest effort to that
end, I think this House ought to take advan-
tage of this opportunity for the successful con-
clusion of that struggle.
At the mouths of small creeks entering the
Illinois bars of gravel and sand are formed,
which for some months in dry seasons obstruct
the navigation.
The General Government has by its engin-
eers surveyed and classified these bars, and
has proceeded to remove them, so as to give
four feet depth at low water; removing first
those causing the greater obstruction.
Unless the work is continued, that done will
be in part lost. Complete the work and the Illi-
nois becomes one of the most important com-
mercial thoroughfares in the United States.
There is not a trans-Mississippi State this side
the Rocky mountains and south of Minnesota
but will save in the reduction of the price of
freight each year more than the amount of this
appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
that I may be permitted to continue for two
minutes longer.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that will be done.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, Mr. Speaker, we
have been asked here to grant liberal appro-
priations for the adornment of the streets, the
avenues, and the reservations of this city of
Washington. This House has granted what has
been asked, and nearly $2,000,000 during this
session has already'been voted for that pur-,
pose. Gentlemen of antiquarian research from
the East have come here and requested an
appropriation to purchase from the musty
archives of the French national capital manu-
script accounts of our early voyageurs who
discovered this river, and we have granted them
an appropriation of $10,000, for that purpose.
Now, when we ask a small appropriation to
improve the navigation of this beautiful river,
will the gentlemen of elegant culture deny us
so small a favor for the improvement of this
exceedingly important navigation, when it has
not had any since 1870, although every year it
has been recommended and especially urged
upon Congress. Delay only increases the
amount to be expended hereafter.
I might further mention that the State of
Illinois has within the last year cut down the
limestone rim of the basin of Lake Michigan
so as to let the pure cold water of the lake flow
into this river to assist its navigation. The State
has placed in its constitution a provision for
the expenditure of the revenues of the canal
for its extension and the improvement of the
river, and at this very time there is before the
Legislature a proposition to expend nearly
halt' a million dollars for that purpose. In
the Thirty-Seventh Congress the Committee
on Roads and Canals reported unanimously in
favor of improving this river and the enlarge-
ment of the Illinois and Michigan canal. I
quote from that report:
" The value of this work ia a oommereial point of
view can scarcely be exaggerated, and its value will
be constantly increasing with the progress of our
country in population, agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures. It is believed that this may now be
properly characterized as a military, commercial,
and political necessity. It will benefit every section.
To New England it will lessen the prioe of food ; to
New York and Pennsylvania it will give increased
trade and commerce; and to the West it will cheapen
every article of domestic or foreign manufacture,
