1873.
THE C&Jf&RESSIONAX, GLOBE.
689
estimate, shows a shortage of six hundred thousand
tons, and at the low average of $2 50 per ton, gives
a net loss of $1,500,000 in the carrying that the pro-
ducers and consumers have suffered ; butto this must
be added a sum sufficient to cover the loss and dam-
age occasioned by the grounding or sinking ot at
least fifty of the above-enumerated. vessels m this
channcl and at Bar point, as aforesaid, by reason of
the hidden dangers existing thereat, which in the
whole, it is safe to say, would reach $500,000 more,
making a grand total of $2,000,000 absolute loss in
theseason of 1872 to the people of this Government
consequent upon obstructions in the at present only
channel open to this great interest. And this, as
before alleged, is beyond the jurisdiction of the
United State?, and can only be improved at the
option of a foreign Government, to wit, the Domin-
ion of Ontario. .
That the many delays and great loss to the inter-
nal commerce of tbe country, as above shown, may
be done away with for the mutual benefit of a major-
ity of its citizens, we would ask at your hands for
an appropriation of a sum sufficient to open up and
improve the west branch or channel of 8aid Detroit
river and the head of Lake Erie, in the vicinity ot
the village of Gibraltar, in the State of Michigan,
the entire ofvSaid line of proposed improvement being
within the jurisdiction of the United States, and
which, when complete, will furnish an unbroken
chain of water communication from Buftalo, .New
York, to Chicago. Illinois, and Duluth, Minnesota,
within the limits and under the immediate control
of this Government*.free from obstructions of a,ny
kind or nature on part of foreign Powers.
And your petitioners distinctly state and set forth
that the larger the Class of vessels used the cheaper
the freight will be; and that if the vessel-owners are
compelled to use vessels suitable to the depth ot
water through the eastern channcl of the Detroit
river, a large increase in the rates of freight must
necessarily follow.
Mr. CONGER also, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of John Johnston
and thirty others, shippers and husiness men
of Port Huron, Michigan, asking Congress
for an appropriation for the improvement of
the western channel 'of the Detroit river;
which was referred to tbe Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONGER also, by unanimous consent,
presented, the memorial of Oscar T. Brinton
and eighty-seven others, shippers and business
men of Wyandotte, Michigan, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the western channel of the Detroit
river ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
surveys rhode island and connecticut.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent
laid before the House h letter from the Secre
tary of War, in relation to the survey of the
east side of Providence river, between Fields
Point and Fox P«int, Rhode Island, Wick-
ford and Newport harbors, Rhode Island, and
Niantic river, Connecticut, and breakwater
at Milford harbor, Connecticut; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
pillager indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to an appropriation to defray the expense of
removing the Otter Tail band of Pillager In-
dians to the White Earth Reservation in Min-
nesota ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
entrance to cape fear river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the improvement
of tbe entrance to the Cape Fear river, North
Carolina; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
dakota grand trunk railway,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous com
sent, laid before the House a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Dakota, praying for a grant of land to aid in
the construction of the Dakota-Grand Trunk
railway; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
marine hospital service.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 44.
first annual report of the supervising surgeon
of the marine hospital service of the United
States ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
post of key west, elorida.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting an extract
from a report of the Inspector General, of an
inspection of the post of Key West, Florida,
in which he recommends the purchase of five
acres of land for the enlargement of the post;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
marine hospital at new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a bill to provide for the purchase of a site and
the erection of a marine hospital at or near
the port of New York; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
new post office building at new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the' Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of January XI, 1873, in relation to the
suspension of work on the new post office
building in the city of New York ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
apaches in arizona and new mexico.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
an appropriation to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for collecting and subsisting
Apaches in Arizona and New Mexico for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
chippewa indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House abetter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, transmitting
estimates for an appropriation of $35,000 for
the purchase of one township of land in the
White Earth reservation for the use of the
Pembina band of Chippewa Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions", and ordered to be printed.
, executive .mansion.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
major of engineers in charge of the public
buildings and grounds, in answer to absolu-
tion of the House of January 6, 1873, in rela-
tion to the condition, capacity, and adapta-
bility of the Executive Mansion for use as an
executive office and residence for the family
of the President; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings -and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
freedmen's bureau.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of December
3, 1872* transmitting a copy of the report of
Assistant Adjutailt General Vincent on the con-
dition of the affairs of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The Freedmen's
Bureau having been abolished and transferred
to tlie War Department, I would suggest that
this letter be referred to fhe Committee on
Military Affairs.
The letter was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
election contest bowen vs. de large.
Mr. HOAR, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a written report, accompanied
by the following resolutions:
!, That Robert C. De Large is not entitled
to retain the seataow held by him as a member of
the second congressional district of South Carolina.
Resolved, That Christopher C. Bowen is not en-
titled to the seat claimed by him us Representative
from the second congressional ■ district of South
Carolina.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the report be
laid upon the table and printed; and I give
notice that I will call it up for action at an
early day.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
indians in central superintendence.
On motion ot Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 1301) repealing an
act entitled an "Act for the relief of certain
Indians in the central superintendency," ap-
proved June 10, 1872, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indiaa
Affairs.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions a bill to amend certain provisions of the
pension laws.
The bill was read for information. The first
section provides that no claim for pension not
prosecuted to a successful issue within five
years from the daite of the filing of the same
shall be admitted without record evidence from
the War or Navy Department of the injury or
the disease which resulted in the disability or
death of the person on whose account the
claim is rtiade, provided that in any case in
which this limitation bars the further prosecu-
tiou of the claim, the claimant may present,
through the Pension Office, to the Adjutant
General of the Array or to the Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Navy, evidence that the disease
or injury which resulted in the disability or
death of the person on whose account the
claim is made originated in the service and
in the line of duty, and that if such evidence
is deemed satisfactory by the officer to Wlioih
it may be submitted, he1 shall cause a recorti
of the facts so proved ' to be made, and a copy
of the same to be transmitted to tbe Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and the bar to the pros-
ecution of the claim shall thereby be removed.
The second section repeals so much of the
sixth section of the act of July 4, 1864, relat-
ing to pensions as conflicts with the provisions
of the first section.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Has this
bill been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Then I
object to its consideration. ■ * . '
Mr. MOO RE. I ask the gentleman to waive
his objection until a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Pensions can be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman re-
port this bill from the Committee oto IavMid
Pensious?
Mr. MOORE. I do.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. . I waive
my objection until the letter shall have beefi
read. '
The Clerk read as follows: • '■ -
• Department op the Interior,
Pension Office,-
■Washington, D. C., January 17,18(3. •,
Sie • I have the honor to state that many, oqny-
plaints in-regard to the injustice dofoe by the opera-
tion of the limitation to the prosecution of eertai|
fiaW?K:iaiSS}£a
From many causes of-delay for wht«h the Maim ants
are not responsible, such as their own ignorance 01
the law, the neglect of attorneys, agd
office from the pressureof business, somegiOTitoriOM
claims have been rejected betause they Save Ml
been prosecuted to a successful .issue within tftt
period fixed by the section referred to.- ., :
Desiring that .all just pauses of complMnt agamsp
this office and a&ainst the operation J*  ehsi«g
law may be obviated, I respectfully submit heremta
a bill amending that portion of the
to which prescribes a limitation to the prosecution
of certain pension claims. It the ProPJ <>dj j"?J|£l
ment should meet your views I shouUlber^easeilto
have you endeavor,to bring the subject befoie Oonr
gress lor consideration. -
I hope that Congress may find time duncg1 to 
