1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Here are the boats named the Paul Pry, Lady
Byron, Capital, Van Dora, Ivy, Unicorn, and
others. There is not one of them but has
engines in it that belong to somebo'dy down
South, the Lord knows who.
Mr. PERCE. They w6re used'by the' Gov-
ernment as transports.
Mr. CONGER. There were two gunboats,
and all the rest were transport's or packets,
not one of them but what would pay the ex-
pense of rfemoval. There is no reason why
we should load down this bill in order to
remove property which will pay for its own
removal.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then why for the last
ten years have they been left there to the
obstruction of the' navigation of that river
and not removed ?
Mr. CONGER. Because in the ordinary
stages of water they are riot any obstructions
at all.
Mr. McKEE, The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. CONGER. That is the report of the
engineer. He says that the gunboat Cairo has
about five feet of water over her even at low
water. With regard to the other boats he says
that they are exposed at a low stage'of water.
While recommending the removal of at least
eight of the wrecks, estimating the cost for
that at $40,000, the engineer says, "In the
abovte estimates no' consideration has been
taken of the value of recovered material."
You might, just as well make an appropriation
to remove the bricks that fell from Port Sum-
ter, in the harbor of Charleston, and to put that
appropriation in a river and harbor bill, as to
make an appropriation for the removal of the
wrecks in this river.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERCE. I move to strike out the last
word,forthe purpose of sayingthat during the
war the Yazoo river was used by the United
States Government for the transportation of
troops. I think a wrfmg impression has been
produced in this House in regard to the char-
acter of the river. For two hundred and
fifty miles above Vicksburg it is a perfectly
navigable stream: it also connects with the
Tallahatchie and Yallabusha, which are also
perfectly navigable streams. ' During the war
there were sunk in the stream of the Yazoo,
Government transports and gunboats which the
engineer department report are obstructions
to the navigation of that river. It makes
a line of transportation nearly five hundred
miles in length, bearing upon it from fifteen
to twenty million dollars' worth of cottou
alone, to say nothing of the corn and other
supplies and provisions that are sent up that
stream. There is no reason in the world why
it should not be made perfectly a navigable
stream.
Mr. COX. I commenced looking at this
Bill with a view to be posted'in regard to it,
so'as to give an intelligent vote. I got the
book on commerce and navigation. I Wanted
to see whether any of these harbors had as
much commerce as the appropriations rec-
ommended for their improvement. Many of
these cases mentioned in these different items
in the bill cannot be found in the book on
commerce on navigation. Therefore I quit
that examination; and began to persuade
myself to vote for this bill. I came to this
conclusion, that as many of these rivers and
harbors are unknown almost, they must be
wonderful. Omne ignotum pro mirijico. I
do not despise the little rivers and little
creeks. Duck creek and Goose creek, and
all the rest of them are important to our mag-
nificent national "water carriage. They eon-
tribute to transportation. If you think of it,
every water-drop plays its important part for
that purpose; for all those little drops combined
help to bear something to the ocean, and from
point to point between the oceans. Do not
let us go back on the little steams which rise
in the mountains, for they unite arid make up
the mighty rivers.
A Voice. "Little drops of water." [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. COX. I hear my friend behind me
making music, which is in harmony with my
reasons for this bill.
" Little drops of water
And little grains of sand
Make the mighty ocean
And the pleasant land."
Let us not forget that there is an infinitude
in littleness. The smaller the stream, the more
need of appropriations to make it navigable.
The gentleman frm Maine.[Mr. Lynch] had
the audacity a moment ago, ill questioning one
of these appropriations, to say that there had
been no survey of some little.river in Arkansas.
Mr. HANKS. It was not a lHtle river.
Mr. COX. It is at least confined to the State.
Mr. HANKS. No; it runs into Missouri.
Mr. COX. 'I was about-to say that I know
and can prove by affidavit that there was once
an appropriation made for the survey of a
river which one of the Senators from the State
of New Hampshire could not find in any geog-
raphy, nor had he any knowledge of it outside.
But after awhile it was discovered that it was
a little trout stream that any man could step
over. The owner of a mill near by was also
forfnd below his mill-race, digging a hole in
the empty bed of the stream for water to boil
his potatoes! It required appropriations.
Now, why should not such little streams have
consideration ? If they all contribute in the
last resort to swell the large- rivers, we should
have some test about' their size and import-
ance, so as to secure Government survey and
Federal appropriation. The Committee on Ap-
propriations ought to think on this point. If
a stream should have a mill on it, or a dam,
for instance, there ought to be an appropria-
tion for slack-water, or'hydraulics, irrigation-,
or something of that kind. Gentlemen will
remember the old test which was applied in
such a case after a great rise in a river. The
owner of a mill sent his manager to see about
his mill, and reported: "I found a dam by
a mill site, but no mill by A damned sight."
[Laughter.] That is one of the best tests per-
haps for our Federal appropriations.
Let not ,our Committee on Appropriations
be reproached. They have reported in this
bill only $5,500,000, a half million more than
last year. We have :only added thus -far
$100,000 by way of amendment. But let us
not forget the little streams. As one of the
smallest members of this House I ask that
little things, which are infinite, may sometimes
be considered.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] has pressed upon this com-
mittee that they shall go away from all waters
and begin back, inside of land by a shaft, by
digging down into the solid rock, away from
all waters, not upon any stream at all, trout
stream or otherwise. He has urged this com-
mittee to make an appropriation of $400,000
a year to dig out a great excavation in a point
of rocks; to make an imifiense tunnel, upon
which the Government has no>w expended in
his district or his neighborhood something
over $1",000,000, and which will require the
expenditure of $1,000,000 more.
It is well for the trout-stream gentleman to
come here and talk about improving our rivers
when he will not listen to our making any
other appropriation than $400,000 to work
inland, to make a cavern in the rocks away
-from any stream, a cavern that shall by and
by be blown up and make a river.where before
all was dry land.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman refer to the
Hell Gate ?
Mr. CONGER. I do.
Mr. COX. I thought you had got through
with that.
Mr. CONGER. No, sir. If the gentleman
thought we had passed Hell Gate he was mis-
taken. [Laughter.]
The question being taken on the amendment I
of Mr. McKeBj there were—ayes 55, noes 50,
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McKee and
Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by
inserting after the pending paragraph the
following:
The 410,000 appropriated at the second session
Forty-Second Congress for the improvement of the
Tombigbee river shall be expended between Fulton ,
and Aberdeen in the State of Mississippi.
This proposes no new appropriation ; it
merely defines where the appropriation made '
in last year's "bill shall be expended, so that
the engineers may know how to proceed.
Mr. SAWYER. There is no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I move to
amend by striking out in line one hundred and
eighteen the word "one " and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "two," so as to make the
paragraph read as follows :
For the improvident of the Mississippi, Missouri,
and Arkansas rivers, $200,000,
Mr. Speaker, in the report of the chief
of engineers it is estimated that $600,000
will be requited during, the next year to carry
on the work on these three rivers. The com-
mittee has repbrted for this purpose an appro-
priation of only $100,000, which I propose to
increase to $200,000. It will be remembered
by the House this is not an amendment in
favor of one of the little streams the gentleman
spoke of, but for the purpose of improving
the navigation of the two great rivers of the
continent. It will be remembered the Mis-
souri river alone is navigable for over three
thousand miles, and that the greatest impedi-
ments to the navigation of that river are the
snags which are in it. The very object of this
appropriation is for the purpose of taking out
those snags. Last year the appropriation was
so niggardly that nothing at all was expended
above Omaha. It will be understood the nav-
igation of the Missouri river above Omaha and
St. Joseph, in Missouri, is highly important
to the people in that region. There is an ex-
tensive commerce earned on in that river from
its mouth from above Omaha and St. Joseph.
Everything depends on the condition of that
river in relation to snags.
I understand this appropriation of $100,000
is to be used for the removal of snags and trees
alone. It ought to be known by everybody
familiar with these two streams that $100,000
is wasted and thrown away, for it amounts to
nothing at all. If you appropriate sufficiently
for this purpose it will .result in some benefit to
the navigation of those rivers. I hope the
House will adopt the amendment.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, there was
expended during the 4ast fiscal year $118,961
for this work, that is for the improvement of
the Mississippi, the Missouri, and-the Arkan-
sas rivers ; which was expended in keeping up
two dredging boats running up and down those
rivers, and their tributaries, and drawing out-
snags. With an abundant appropriation made
by Congress they expended only $118,961 dur-
itig the last year. There is on hand now,
available for this year, $112,208, and we add
■$100,000 to that. The engineers recommend
the building, in place of wooden boats, two
large iron boats. It is sufficient that these
boats are kept running-as they are now run-
Tiisg. There <5annot be expended over $150,-
000 for that purpose. There is $112,000
on hand now, as I have said, - and we appro-
priate in addition $100,000.! It is more than
they expended in running these boats and
drawing snags at any time within the last
four years. There is, therefore, enough to do
the work for which this is intended unless the
Government intends to throw aside wooden
boats and go into the experiment of building
