1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
Mr. HOLMAN. What objection is there
to adding to this bill a proviso that the time
when the evidence may be filed by the appli-
cant for a pension to establish his claim shall
bo extended for a period of two years?
Mr. SPBEIt. I have notthe control of the
bill. I agree with the gentleman in the pur-
pose he seeks to accomplish, and I should be
< lad to have the House adopt bis amendment.
J have not, however, any control of the floor.
Mr. MOORE. It seems to me that my dis-
tinguished friend from Indiana does not under-
stand what this bill proposes to do. It does
not propose to extend the time to all appli- 1
cant?. That question has been decided-by'
the House heretofore. We do not propose to
do it now. 1 must call the previous question
on the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Permit me to offer the
amendment I have suggested.
Mr. MOORE. I cannot yield to any such
amendment.
Mr. COX. Thegentleman from Illinois and
the gentleman from Indiana seem to be ruu-
ning this bill.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. I thought the Speaker was run-
ning the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to an hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that my amendment
be inserted iu this bill. The Senate can strike
it out if they do not like it.
Mr. SPEER. It will hazard the whole bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have heard that over
and over again.
Mr. COX. I ask to have an amendment
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided. That all laws and regulations requiring
a test-oath in procuring pensions, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. MOORE. I decline to yield to any
amendment, and now demand the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will
vote down the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
78. noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded 3nd
the main question was ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it, was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tbe bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oa the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cam, for information.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Retained, That the Secretaries of Stats, of the
Treasury, of the Interior, of War, and of the Navy,
and the Attorney General and the Postmaster Gen-
eral be requested to inform this House how many
clerks and employes in their respective Departments
have been appointed for employment in the city of
Washington during the year 1872, and also furnish
tho name of said appointees ami tbe States from
whence appointed; and they are further requested
to designate who are appointed under the oporacioa
of tho civil servieo rale.
rkport os .mining statistics.
Mr. PRICE, from the joint Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
Rrmleni, That there be printed of the last report
of the United States Commissioner of Mining Sta-
tistics. with the accompanying engravings, seventy-
two hundred and fifty conies, of whioh four thousand :
copies shall be for tho House of Representatives, 1
two thousand for the Senate, one thousand for the
Tre.i.mry Department, and two hundred and fifty for
the Commissioner.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter-motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I demand the
regular order.
land titles in iowa.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
the regular order, the consideration of the bill
(8. No. 1015) to quiet titles to certain lands in
the State of Iowa, which was yesterday taken
from the Speaker's table and comes over as
unfinished business, the main question having
been ordered on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I had moved
to reconsider the vote ordering the main ques-
tion, and to lay the motion to reconsider ou
the table. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now desire to make a
proposition to the gentleman who has charge
of this bill. I ask him either to allow an
hour's debate, so that the whole facts may
come before the House, or 
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I proposed
yesterday to allow the opponents of the bill
forty minutes, and they rejected my offer.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask thegentleman to hear
my proposition. It is that he will either allow
an hour's debate on the bill, or that he will
permit it to be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with power tc report it back at
any time.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I do not ac-
cept the gentleman's proposition. I object to
debate
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. I hold in
my hand a petition from the people of the
State of Iowa, declaring that former petitions
from them to Congress in relation to this biil
have been suppressed. I wish to inquire of
the Chair whether I have not the right to ask
that this petition of the people of Iowa be
read ?
The SPEAKER. Not if objection is made.
The previous question cuts off the reading of
petitions or anything else which would be
considered in the nature of debate.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to make another parliamentary inquiry. The
Committee on the Public Lands of this House,
at a regular session, instructed the gentleman
from llliuois [Mr. Hawley] to propose an
amendment to the bill now under consider-
ation. That amendment was adopted by the
committee oa a vote by ayes and noes. I
wish to inquire whether the gentleman is in
order in proceeding without carrjiug out the
instructions of that committee?
The SPEAKER. There is nothing parlia-
mentary about that inquiry, except that the
gentlemen violates parliamentary law in at-
tempting to state on the floor of the House
what action took place in a committee-room.
Mr. STEVENSON. That was the instruc-
tion of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
about that.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I deny the
statement of the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
a debate on the floor of the House as to what
takes place in a committee. The question is
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to insist on a little
time being allowed for debate.
The SPEAKER. By what right to the floor
does the gentleman insist upon that, when the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] objects
to debate? So far as the Chair is concerned,
he would gladly hear the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know whether, under the
rules of the House, this bill is entitled to be
considered now in preference to the private
business, which is assigned for Saturdays?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ad-
dress that poiut to the Chair seriously ?
Mr. HOLMAN. This being private bill
day, I do address that point to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman ad-
dresses the point to tbe Chair seriously, the
Chair states that this biil came over yesterday
with tbe previous question seconded and the
main question ordered, and the Chair knows
of no rule of the House under which he can
escape submitting that question to the House.
The Chair would embrace this opportunity
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that, under points of order and parliamentary
inquiries, there is a growing habit of injecting
arguments which the Chair himself feels un-
able lo repress. If the Chair denies the right
of a gentleman to make a parliamentary in-
quiry, it may be said that he is suppressing the
rights of members. But when a gentleman,
in view of making a parliamentary inquiry,
injects some argument on a pending bill, that,
on either side of the House, is a gross violation
of the rule which the Chair does not rebnke
iu any particular gentleman, bat it is a grow-
ing habit which be views with concern.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will state the reason
which induced me to make the inquiry. The
Chair at the commencement of this day's ses-
sion stated that the regular order was the call
of the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated at the
same time that he had forgotten at the moment
that this bill came over from yesterday with
the previous question operating on it. Com-
ing over in that way, it of course takes prece-
dence of everything else.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I rise to
a question of privilege in reference to the
declaration of the Chair that I had violated
parliamentary rule in speaking of what had
passed in committee.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman feels
himself personally aggrieved by that, the Chair
will hear tbe gentleman in regard to it after
the bill is disposed of. At present the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] objects to
debate. The Chair will give the gentleman
from Missouri the floor to make any explana-
tion be desires to make after the bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the gentleman from
Illinois objects to all debate, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. In making that morion
the gentleman is quite in order.
The question was put; and on a division,
there were—ayes 24, noes 103.
Mr. HOLMAH. I call for tbe yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
seventeen members voting therefor.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill; and being put, there were, on a division—
ayes 83. noes ti9.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays, if that is ia order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 70, not
voting T7 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Ataes, Averill, Barnum, Erasmus
YT. Beck, Boles, Buekley, Buffintou. Bunnell, Bur-
dett, Roderick R. Butler, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Crocker, B&wes, Dodds, Bonnan, DuBose, Dueil,
Earned, El dredge, Elliott, Esty, Farnsworth Farwell,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garrett. Geta, Gollad&y,
i Griffith, Hale, Handles', Harper, George E. Harris,
! Joka B. Hawley. Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hooper,
I Hough ton, Kellogg, Kendall, Keteham, Lamison,
Lamport. Lansing, Leaoh. Maynard, McClelland,
AloMenry, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morey. Kegley, Palmer, Pendleton, Perce, Perry,
Peters. Poland. Eainey, JohnM. Rice. John Rogers.
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scoficld, Sessions, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shobur, Shoemaker. Slocuin, Slow,
Snitpp. Starkweather,Stoaghton, Stoweli, St. John.
iilKUCU, f  unuaiii II auuciii n aa.cut ti| ii iviui'm,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiieley, Whitthurne, aad Wil-
liams of New York--y4.
NAY^—M^n?, Admins, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Bsauy, Jauivs B. Beck, Bell, Bmgb&ia, Bird. Austin
Blair, Ja-uiesG. Blair, Burohard, Oox.OVebs.U* usher,
Cropland. Davia.Dox, Duke, Fmkelnburg, tiuidioss.
