187B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOLM AN.' I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. If the regular order is
insisted upon the morning hour will begin
now, and the first business in order will be
the call of the Committee of Claims for reports
of a private nature. The Chair, however,
would request the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holmax] to waive his call for the regu-
lar order, so that the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. McCormick] may make a personal ex-
planation, of which he gave intimation some
time since.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my call
for the present.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Mr.
Speaker, there is a difference of recollection
between the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hawley] and myself in reference to a trans-
action in committee. I understand that when
any matter is matured in committee, and or-
dered by that committee to be reported to the
House by one of its members, it is the duty
of that member so instructed to carry out the
order of the committee when the time comes
for him to do so in the House. If he fails so
to do, when the time copies that he should do
it in the House, it occurs to me that it is not
a violation of parliamentary law or of the rules
of tne House for any gentleman to call him to
order in that connection.
Now, I stated to the House that, after con-
sideration of the subject, the Committee on the
Public Lands instructed the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] to report an amend-
ment to Senate bill Ho. 1015, the one just
passed by the House. Yet the gentleman from
Illinois obtained the floor, discussed the bill for
some thir'y or forty minutes, and then moved
the previous question upon the passage of the
bill, without paying any regard to the instruc-
tions of the Committee 011 the Public Lands.
Thereupon I made a statement to the House
of the action of the committee.
The Speaker at once ruled that I was violating
a rule of the House by calling the attention
of the House to that fact. Now, I did not
consider myself as violating any rule of the
House in so doing. I considered that when,
after discussion and consideration of a sub-
ject. a committee orders its chairman to move
an amendment thereto, when the time comes
for the consideration of that subject by the
House that amendment so ordered by the
committee is of right the property of the
House and should be delivered to the House,
for its consideration and determination.
Now, if I have violated any rule of the
House I am ready here and now to apologize
to the House ior so doing. If the House
wishes to know what did transpire in commit-
tee, 1 will order the record of that committee
to be brought here. They will find on page
42o of the Journal a record of the proceedings
of the Committee on the Public Lands on that
day. and the question of recollection between
nivself and my friend from Illinois [Sir. Haw-
ley] can be decided upon by the House by
reference to the Journal as it now appears,
showing the action of our committee ou that
day. This is what I wish to state. I consider
that the Speaker, in repiimanding me as he
did, hardly had the right to do so. However,
I am alwajs willing to receive a reprimand if
1 have violated any rule of the House ; but in
this case I do not think I did so.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair did not speak
111 a tone of reprimand to the gentleman. The
rule is specific, and the Chair will read it:
'' It ife not in order to allude on the Sour to any-
thing that has taken place in committee, uaie-'S by a
written report sanctioned by a majority of the com-
mittee."
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That is
exactly what had been done; it was not a
report, but an amendment to a bill, ordered by
a majority of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The rule provides that
where a report is made from a committee, and
a member of that Committee disputes the right
of the member making it so to do, the House
will settle the question. But the rules do not
take cognizance of the case of a member not
making a feport when his committee has in-
structed him so to do. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. McCormick] in raising the
point of order could himself have moved the
amendment if he had been in season. Bat at
the time he called attention to the matter the
bill had got two stages beyond the time when
it was possible under the rules to amend it.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wag
aware that I was too late to move an amend-
ment. but I believed that this was so bad and
iniquitous a bill that if I made that statement
it would have some influence on the House.
'The SPEAKER. Was this bill before the
Committee on the Public Lands ?
Mr, McCORMICK, of Missouri. It was
informally. It was not referred to the com-
mittee by the House, but it was informally
considered by the committee.
The SPEAKER. Under what authority?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. By the
authority of usage, I believe.
Mr, STEVENSON. A majority of thecom-
mittee insisted on considering it informally, in
spite of objection.
The SPEAKER. A committee has no au-
thority to consider a matter not referred to it
by the House or under the rules.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. This was
not a bill, but an amendment to a bill.
The SPEAKER. Precisely; but if the
bill was not before the committee, they had
no more right to consider it than had the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds or any
other committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. So I thought.
The SPEAKER. And therefore any record
which the committee may have made in regard
to the matter would be simply a matter of
personal good faith between members of the
committee, not a question of parliamentary
law.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. As there
is a difference of recollection between the gen-
tleman from Illinois and myself, I would be
pleased to have the record of the committee
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see
any point to be ruled upon, and as to disputes
arising from misunderstanding, questions of
veracity, &c., between members, the Chair
cannot countenance them. The morning hoar
now begins, and reports are in order from the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I trust that
after the gentleman from Missouri has been
allowed to come in here and say that I have
violated the instructions of the Committee on
the Public Lands, the matter will not be passed
over without allowing me an opportunity to
say a word in reply. My answer to the gentle-
man is that the Committee ou the Public Lands
at the last session of Congress considered the
Senate bill informally, exactly as it has been
passed by the House.
The SPEAKER. Which the rules gave the
committee no right whatever to do.
Mr. IIAWLEY, of Illinois. Very well; that
is not the. question between the geutlemau from
Missouri and myself.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is, however, an in-
teresting piece of information, which I hope
will do the committee good.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. The gentleman
front Missouri has been allowed to occupy the
time of the House by a statement that 1 have
violated the instructions of my committee.
The SPEAKER. When a committee con-
siders a bill not referred to it by the House it.
is traveling outside of the record. 1
Mr. COX. But it is done every day. |
The SPEAKER. That may be; but that ,
docs not affect the rules of the House, I
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. A majority of
the committee, considering the bill informally,
were in favor of it, and authorized me as a
member of the committee to take it in charge
when it should be reached on the Speaker's
table. This was at the last session. At the
present session those friendly to the bill thought
it best perhaps to change it in the House, so
that the provisions of the bill when passed
should inure to the benefit of the Chicago,
Rock Island and Pacific railroad only, without
mentioning in the bill the Mississippi and
Missouri road. The members of the committee
favorable to this change simply said that it
might be so amended as to strike that out I
of coarse regarded this as authority to do
either ; and the House will bear testimony to
the fact that on yesterday Imade no reference
in any way to the action of the Committee
on the Public Lands of the House. I did not
say that they had either approved the bill as it
was before the House, or that they proposed
to amend it. The bill stood upon its merits.
I assume the responsibility of taking charge
of the bill because of the informal action of
the committee authorizing me to do so, and
of their authority to me to recommend its
passage as it stood, or to propose the amend-
ment I have indicated.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. Why did not the gen-
tleman offer the amendment which he was
instructed to offer?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I did not offer
the amendment because those friendly to the
bill said that they preferred to have the bill as
it was rather than run the risk of sending it to
the Senate to have the amendment concurred
in, although that amendment, if it had been
offered and adopted, would have been to the
advantage of the road.
The SPEAKER. As this subject has been
pressed upon the attention of the House, the
Chair begs to make one remark. It is very
common, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] interrupted the Chair to say, for
committees to consider matters informally;
and often in taking up measures from the
Speaker's table it is very desirable to have
the opinion of some responsible committee of
the House upon a bill coming up in that way.
Bat at the same time such consideration of
measures by a committee is wholly informal
and irregular, and is not recognized in the
rules. Hence no point of order cau be raised
in any way upon a member for not doing any-
thing which he may thus have been instructed
to do. To raise such a point merely obtrudes
upon the House what never should be brought
here—a personal misunderstanding or a ques-
toa of veracity.
AARON B. FtiVr.EAT.
Mr. McNEELY, by unanimous conseut, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3321) for the relief
of Aaron B. Fryreat; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
VIE.N'XA EXPOSITION.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the table the amendments of the
Senate to a joint resolution tH. R. No. 170)
to enable the people of the United States to
participate in the advantages of the interna-
tional exposition to be held at Vienna in 1873,
in order that I may move to non-concur in the
Senate amendments, and ask for a committee
of conference,
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order. Does not that joint resolution contain
an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I make the point
of order that it cannot be considered iu the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
