1654
iHE CONGrRBSSiOKAL GLOBE.
February 24,
mony referred to them, the impeachment or further
investigation concerning Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Vice President of the United States, is demanded
of the House,
It would be manifestly unjust to impeach any man
for false statements in giving the testimony thus re-
ferred to us without hearing biin or further investi-
gation^ And at this stage of the session, with five
other grave and pressing impeachment cases beforo
the committee, such investigation is impossible."
So far, however, as the testimony referred to us
charges Mr. Colfax wi,tb corruption, this is other-
wise, that being the matter in issue in that investi-
gation, and as to which Mr. Colfax both testified and
adduced testimony and was'heard.
But for the House of Representatives to impeach
Mr. Colfax for that offense would be to impeach
him without the possibility of trial. Within five
days, during which the Senate will be necessarily
engrossed by the most pressing legislation, Mr. Col-
fax's term of office will expire, and he will thereby
cease to be liable to impeachment and to removal
Irom office.
Nevertheless, while the impeachment would thus
be necessarily futile. I might be disposed to insist
upon it, but that, in recommending the House to
impeach, the committee would necessarily assert the
power of impeachment of a civil officer for crime
committed before he entered upon his office.
That question is one of exceeding gravity, involv-
ing the most important considerations of the power
of the Legislature and of the public good: and if
now asserted, must be asserted without any prece-
dent or settled authority—for there is absolutely no
precedent upon the suoject—and must be asserted
on an occasion where nt> trial can result.
The difficulty of this question is not one of juris-
diction. The llouse has the jurisdiction in express
terms. The Constitution declares the House of Rep-
resentatives shall have the sole power of impeach-
ment; and that removal from office shall follow im-
peachment for and eonviction of treason, bribery, or
other high crimes and misdemeanors. Just so either
House may expel a member with a concurrence of
two thirds of the body. And these powers the House
has jurisdiction to exorcise absolutely and without
qualification, no matter how remote the offense, or
how repented of, or how condoned. But for the
House to impeach a high officer because, years be-
fore he entered such office, be had been an inebriate •
or to expel a member because he could not write,
would be a wanton and wrongful oxerciso of power;
would be an exercise of power within its jurisdic-
tion but without right.
The question then recurs: can the House by any
rightful exorciso of its power impeach a civil officer
for a crime committed before his induction into the
office he holds?
Upon this most grave question I repeat there is
absolutely no precedent either for or against the
action.
The case of Blount impeached in 1798, and of
Pock, Chose, Johnson, and the other cases of im-
peachment were for offenses committed during the
term ot'offioe then still existing.
So the oases of expulsion—a power which in this
respect I ooncede to be analogous to that of im-
peachment—furnish us no precedent. For tho cases
of expulsions from the Senato, like those of'Blount,
and Smith, and Bright; and the various cases of
oxpulsions from tho House, were all cases of expul-
sion for offenses committed during the existing term
of office ot tho porson expelled.
Even the practices of Parliament furnish in this
respect no precedent. Wilkes's offense was com-
mitted after his election; and had it been other-
wise, the subsequent action of Parliament in declar-
ing their course in his case to be subversive of tho
rights of electors would make that case an authority
against rather than a precodent for the power. L
am aware that Blackstone says that by custom of
Parliament if a person "be elected to serve in the
Commons, yet may the Commons upon complaint of
any erimo in such person, and proof thereof, judge
him disabled to sit as a member." Butthissentence,
even if it means previous crime, was not in the first
edition, and was added on the occasion of Wilkes's
expulsion; anditsauthority fell with thesubaequent
action of Parliament as to that case.
In 1812 Walsh was expelled for having stolen
£22,000, which offense was committed before his
election. But he was expelled upon a record of his
conviction obtained during that same session of
Parliament. And as such expulsion can bo main-
tained on the ground that the being convicted of
felony was such a breach of good conduct during the
term of office as to justify expulsion, even that case
furnishes no precedent tor the power, if the usage
of Parliament was to control. And that it is not to
control was declared hy the Supreme Court in
Anderson vv. Dunn, where the court say "the Amer-
ican legislative bodies have never possessed the
omnipotence of Parliament, which may have led
occasionally to the exercise of caprice under the
specious appearance of merited resentment."
On the other hand, any precodentagainst the power
is equally wanting. Marshall's case, in which tho
Senate refused, even upon hiscousent, to try him for
an offense committed beforo his election, I under-
stand to havo proceeded uporl other grounds; and in
jVlatte&ori's second case, although the resolution for
impeachment was rejected.it is impossible to say
whether tho rejection was because the offense was
committed in a previous Congress, or because the
previous Oongresshad proceeded against him for tho
offense. So in the ease of Porter, where tho House
decided to admit him by a vote of 126 to 4, the de-
bate shows that the case turned on the impropriety
of excluding a man because of his opinions, not upon
whether they had b^en expressed previous to his term
of office.
If, having then no precedent to guide us, we turn
to authority and opinion, we shall find the question
equally unsettled.
In the Convention which framed the Constitution
the original resolution provided for " impeachment
or removal for malpractice or neglect of duty." (4
Elliott p. 149.) Daring the debate as to impeach-
ment of the Executive, Mr. Randolph said: "should
no regular punishment be provided it will be irreg-
ularly inflicted bytumtilts and insurrection;" While
Dr. Franklin insisted upon impeachment as a sub-
stitute for " assassination," which, he said, " had
been the "previous practice in eases where the Chief
Magistrate rendered, himself obnoxious." (5 Elliott
pp. 341-342.) Later the language was changed to im-
peachment for treason, bribery, and maladministra-
tion ; finally to "treason, bribery, and other high
crimes, and misdemeanors." Much was said as to
the President's being bribed to make improper
treaties, corrupt negotiations with foreigners, and
the like, but I have found no reference in the de-
bates to any intention to impeach for offenses before
entering upon the office.
■ Contemporary writings afford no better light.
Hamilton treats of the power and the tribunal in
the sixty-fifth and sixty-sixth numbers of the Fed-
eralist. Speaking of " the delicacy and magnitude
of the trust," hesays: That the j urisdiction extends
to those offenses which proceed from the misconduct
of public men, from the abuse or violation of some
public trust. They are of a nature which may be
denominated political, as they relate chiefly to in-
juries done immediately to the society itself."
In 179S Jefferson wrote: "I see nothing in the
mode of proceeding by impeachment but the most
formidable weapon for the purposes of dominant fac-
tion that ever was contrived. It would be the most
effectual one of getting rid of any man whom they
consider as dangerous to theirviews."
As the special committee say, none of the com-
mentators limit the power to the time of the offense.
But on the other hand none assert it. They
all, indeed, assert that the power is discretionary.
But so far from assorting that it should be exercised
for previous offenses, or from " acceptingor seeming
to rely upon Mr. Adams's exposition," Story ex-
pressly declares (section 805) the question to be
unsettled and sub judice, and that he expresses no
opinion thereon. Sargeant does not oven refer to it
in his statement of the Smith case. Rawle states
the reverse, (page 47,) and I cannot find that Kent,
or Duer, or Bayard alludes to it.
Referring to the debates in' Congress, we find that
in Blount's case, Mr. Bayard and Mr. Harper main-
tained the power; Mr. Dallas and Mr. Ingersoll,
denied it. In Smith's case, Mr. Adams and his com-
mittee maintained the power; Mr.Hillhousedenied
it. In Mattison's case, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hughes, Mr.
Jones, and Mr. Curtis maintained the power; Mr.
Seward, Mr. Stanton, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Nichols, Mr.
Olin, Mr. Grow denied it. While lately the action
of the Senate committee in the Caldwell case, in re-
porting that bribery vitiated the election of that
Sentttor, instead of reporitng a resolution expelling
him for the bribery, would seem to indicate that they
regarded the power at least as doubtful.
So that after ninety years this question is pre-
sented without precedent or settled authority, and
that, too, under circumstances which, since the im-
peachment cannot possibly be followed by trial, our
decision in favor ot the power would be in effect the
determination of an abstract question.
Considering, then, the question upon principle, it
has been urged upon the one hand with great force
in the language of Mr. Adams, as quoted by the
special committee: "The powor of expelling a
member for misconduct results, on the principles of
common sense, from the interests of tho nation that
a high trust of legislation shall be invested in pure
hands. When the trust is elective, it is not to be
presumed that the constituent body will commit the
deposit to the keeping of worthless characters. But
when a man whom his fellow-citizens have honored
with their confidence on a pledge of a spotless repu-
tation has degraded himself by the commission of
infamous crimes, which become suddenly and unex-
pectedly revealed to the world, defective indeed
would be that institution which should be impotent
to discard from its bosom the contagion of such a
member."
On the other hand, it is to be remembered, the
Constitution has defined the qualifications of the
President, Senators, and Representatives in respect
of birth, age, citizenship, and residence. To these
qualifications neither Congress nor any State has
power to add other orfurther qualifications. It will
be admitted that neither Congress nor any State,
nor both together, can pass any valid law making
freedom from crime or good character a qualifica-
tion of or prerequisite to representation. Can either
House, then, bo at liberty by the exercise of its abso-
lute power of discretion as to expulsion to create
such an extra constitutional qualification ? If it be
insisted that Kepresentatives and Senators have a
right, " in order to secure their own dignity and the
just influence of the body," to expel from association
with them a man guilty of infamous crimes before he
came into office, no matter how exemplary his offi-
cial behavior, may it not be answered that had the
trainers of the Constitution so intended they would
have made good character and freedom from former
crime a qualification to offieo. Where the former
crime was known to the electors it is generally con- :
ceded, even by those who sustain the power, that
it ought not to be ground for impeachment or ex-
pulsion ; and the strongest case for the exercise
of the power is, of course, the case put by Mr
Adams, where the former offense was not known,
and where, therefore, the choice of the electors can-
not be considered to be overthrown by the impeach-
ment of the officer or the expulsion of the member.
But even in the case of a former crime being un-
known, the remedy of punishment by the ordinary
tribunals and the which would
"ensue from conviction will remain. And remem-
bering that no case for the exercise of .the powor
claimed, has, during the ninety years of this gov-
ernment, ever before arisen, and that it now arises
at a time when no conviction upon it is prac-
ticable, it is perhaps not too much to say that the
danger to public liberty would be less in leaving
a person in office whose conduct in such office is
unexceptionable—but who was discovered tp have
been formerly guilty of a heinous crime—until he
could be convicted by the ordinary tribunals of jus-
tice, or driven to resignation by the indignation
of the people, than, by'impeaching him for such
offense, afford precedent and color to the majority
to remove or expel for opinion's sake where
necessary to secure complete control of the body or
to bo rid of ah obnoxious officer.
About this exercise' of power men will be apt to
decide according to their general views of the pow-
ers a Legislature should possess! According' as they
think with Mr. Adams, that'the institution would
be defective which-should be impotent to discard
from its bosom the contagion of such -a member
until the sluggard steps of municipal justice could
overtake his eno'rmities," or remembering that too
many cases have occurred in which, ,as Judge Story
says, "whatever may have been the demerits of the
accused, his final overthrow has been the result of
political resentments and hatred far more than of
any desire to promote publjejustice," may decide as
they are disposed to think with Mr. Jefferson about
the powers the Legislature should' exercise.
For myself, I am generally disposed to support the
narrowest .views of the power of the Legislature.
The real source of legislative corruption grows out
of the power rif private and special legislation.
So long as the Legislature can create private cor-
porations with extraordinary privileges, grant val-
uable franchises and monopolies, make great gifts
_of land, or bounty, or subsidy, just solong will Rep-
resentatives be sent here or be exposed to improper
influence after they come here to seeure these favors.
In some of the States private and special legislation
has been forbidden by the fundamental law. 1 wish
it were so forbidden in Congress, for then the in-
ducement to corruption would, be removed. " Where
the carcass is, there will the vultures be also." And
the dangers to the country in these regards will not,
I feat, be prevented by the exercise of the power of
impeachment for previous offenses.
Entertaining these views, I felt unwilling on the
occasion of Whittemore's reelection to the Forty-
First Congress to vote for his exclusion. And in
the case of Patrick Woods I declared in the House
that Congress possessed no such omnipotent power
as Parliament; that its power to punish for a con-
tempt was only the power necessary to preserve the
body from indignity and interference; that the
question in such cases was the right to and extent
ojf the punishing power which the House may exer-
cise on the principle of self-preservation.
That case was indeed not analogous to this, being
the case of punishing for an assault on a member
without the District; but it involved the same gen-
eral considerations of the limits of the rightful exer-
cise of the discretionary power given Congress. In
that case the action of tho House did not conform
to my views, and subsequent reflection as well as
certain authorities of which I have since learned
have confirmed and strengthened them. One of
these authorities arose from the action of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Nova Scotia.
That Legislature was created by charter from the
queen, as our Congress is created by charter from
the people. That charter gave no special powor to
the Legislature in respect of expulsion or commit-
ment, while the provision in our Constitution has
been considerednotto confer any distinct power, but
to limit an incidental and inherent power to the
concurrence of two thirds. That Legislature having
punished one Kielly, he sued the speaker of the
house, who pleaded the order of the house, which was
sustained by the local courts, from which Kielly
appealed to the privy council of Great Britain. The
case was heard by the council, and such precedents
for the action of the Assembly, both in tho action of
Parliament and other colonial assemblies, appeared
that the council ordered the case to be reheard, and
it was accordingly reargued in 1843 before Lords
Lyndhurst, Cottonham, Brougham, and Campbell,
each of whom had been or subsequently became lord
high chancellor of England, and before Vice Chan-
cellors Shad well and Wigram, Chief Justices Vaughn
and Denman, Lord Abinger, then chief baron of the
exchequer, Baron Parke, Mr. Justice Erskine, and
Dr. Lushmgton.
In view of the extraordinary standing and char-
acter of thesejusticei, I make this extract from their
unanimous opinion as delivered by Chief Baron
Parke:
whole question," says the court, "is then
reduced to this, whether by law the power is inci-
dexit to every local Legislature."
The statute law on this subject "being silent, the
common law is to govern it; and what is the com-
mon law depends upon principle and precedent."
/ Their lordships see no reason to think that in the
principle of the common law any other powers are
given them than such as are necessary to the exist-
ence of such a body and the proper exercise of the
functions which it is intended to execute. These
powers are granted by the very act of its establish-
