1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tleman tell us whether he has the text of the
order of General Buell ordering the destruc-
tion? If he has, I should be very glad to
hear it read.
Mr. •LAIR, of Michigan. Does it not
appear in the report ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not in
the report. It is alluded to. The language
which the gentleman read gives a summary
of it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I think it is
among the papers accompanying the bill. I
will look for it. !
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With the per- i
mission of the gentleman from Michigan, I j
desire the attention of the House for two or ;
three minutes. Gentlemen will remember -
that as late as the first part of September, •
1862, oar Army had pierced as far southward on ]
its great central line of invasion as the north- :
era line of Alabama, and indeed we held a j
portion of that State. In the month of Sep- i
tember we were driven back almost to Cincin- j
nati, and for a considerable portion of that I
fall the whole State of Tennessee and a large
portion of the State of Kentucky were in the ,
oontrol of the confederate army. Ohio sent >
out several thousands of what they called :
"squirrel hunters" along the shores of the |
Ohio river, to protect Cincinnati and the State !
from invasion. There was then a state of war j
filling the whole State of Kentucky, and in
the midst of that war, while Kentucky was a
battle ground, these transactions occurred. I
read now from the report:
" Salt in large quantities was manufactured here,
and tho confederal c forces in the south and south-
west supplied their wants from these works. Sev-
eral thousand busheisofsalt had accumulated in the
fall of 1862. The confederates had carried away
between thirty-five hundred and four thousand
bushels previously, and on the 21st of October,
1862, General Buell had reason to believe that the
rebel authorities purposed to capture and appro-
Eriate the large supply then on hand. On that day
e issued his order, from his headquarters at Crab
Orchard, to Major General Thomas, second in com-
mand, directing that certain divisions be sent for-
ward promptly to destroy the salt works about Man-
chester."
Now that order was given for the sole pur-
pose of preventing this property from falling
into the hands of the enemy. It was like
guns or munitions of war or war supplies,
and, to prevent those supplies from falling
into the hands of the enemy, this property
was destroyed. I cannot, for the life of me,
perceive that it wa-s anything but an act of
destruction in the course of war, to prevent
property from falling into the hands of the
enemy. It certainly cannot be called a case
of appropriating property to the use of the
Government, if we had let it alone, of
course there would have been no claim here;
the property would have gone into the hands
of the enemy. To prevent that we destroyed,
and I do not think we ought now to pay for it.
The owners would have lost it if we had let it
alone. No good would have come to them,
but only to the rebels, the enemies of the
country. I do not think that we are under
any obligation to pay this claim.
Mr. BLAIR, ot Michigan. I yield now to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr, DAWES. I trust that the proposition
of this bill will seriously arrest the attention
of the House. Itis formulated in these words:
that the United States are bound to make res-
titution for ail property destroyed in war to pre-
vent its falling into the hands of the eueuiy.
I do not see any qualification to that statement
in this bill, and if that be true, we had better
contemplate the length and breadth of the
claim that is to be made upon the Government.
What was all that destruction from Atlanta to
the sea but for the purpose of weakening the
enemy by depriving them of means of which
they could avail themselves?
Mr. FRY E. Does the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts make no distinction between prop-
erty destroyed in a loyal State which never
seceded and property destroyed in aState which
did secede?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know what distinc-
tion there can be in the States of this Union
except it be in the condition of things, whether
there was war or not. Now, this whole state-
ment shows that at the time this property was
destroyed there was as much actual war in
Kentucky as in any State of this Union. The
form which States went through of seceding
from the Union, as they called it, which we
declared was an impossibility, does not alter
the condition of things. Where there was no
war one rule prevails; where there was actual
war, whether it was in Pennsylvania at Gettys-
burg, or in Kentucky at these salt-works, or
down in Georgia, it is the same thing. What
was the destruction of property at Gettysburg ?
There is not money enough in the Treasury
of the United States to refund the property
destroyed by the Army at Gettysburg, yet that
was as much war as there was in any part of
the United States, and terrible war.
Another point to which I desire to call the
attention of the House is this: we are estab-
lishing by law a rule which is not only to gov-
ern us in this matter, but we are establishing
a rule to govern other tribunals. There is a
mixed commission now in session in this city
passing upon the claims of British subjects for
the restitution of their property destroyed
during the war, and the rule that we establish
here for our citizens will be the rule to govern
that commission.
Claims amounting to $60,000,000 have been
presented to that commission. They have
passed upon $32,000,000 of them, and $28,-
000,000 are now pending there. The only
rule the claimants insist upon is that they shall
have such restitution as we afford to our citi-
zens. I happen to know that they are watch-
ing these bills that have passed either branch
of Congress to see whether they cannot get a
stronger foothold in that commission than they
now have. Not only the British subjects, but
the representatives of all the foreign Govern-
ments whose citizens suffered during that war,
are watching to-day for that legislation. The
greatest solicitude has been awakened in the
minds of those who are undertaking to resist
those claims in that commission, the claims
presented through foreign ministers, pending
at this very titpe; the greatest solicitude is
being awakened lest we go to a length in these
bills which will cover all these claims,
828,000,000 of which are still pending and
being argued before that commission, while
we are enacting a rule for them.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I must ask the
gentleman to be brief.
Mr. DAWES. I will say no more.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have here the
report of the Senate Committee on Claims.
Of course neither that committee nor the com-
mittee of the House have overlooked the
various facts which the gentleman suggests.
The Senate committee in their report stty:
" We are not to lose sight of themain fact that all
this destruction was committed not wantonly or
unadvisedly, but as a means to an end, which end
was the suppression of the rebellion, the restoration
of peace, and tho mild sway of law. The (Jovern-
mentwax spending two millions of money per day at
that very time to bring around these desirable results
for these claimants and all other citizens of the
Republic. Looking to these objects and to the end
attained, may not the Government faiily interpose
a claim of set-off to some extent, at least, for real
benefits conferred? It is true these beneiits may he
said to be shared equally by others who were not
losers: and, therefore, in this view, those who were
exempt from similar losses could well afford to pay
those who were so unfortunate as to have their prop-
erty and business upon the theater of strife. And
this seems to the committee the more reasonable
view of the question."
And upon that fact they have limited con-
siderably the amount of the claims. Now, as
my colleague upon the committee [Mr. Fbye]
has suggested, this destruction occurred in one
of the loyal States of the Union. It is true it
was made in anticipation that it might be bene-
ficial to the Government to keep the property
from the confederate forces. Only yesterday,
as we have frequently done before, we passed
a bill to pay for the destruction of property
in the Territory of New Mexico, which was
burned for the same reason. The enemy1 s forces
were approaching and likely to take possession
of quartermaster's stores which were in a
building. To prevent those stores falling into
the hands of the enemy our troops set fire to
the building and burned the building and the
stores together. We passedabill here, which
I think had previously passed the Senate, to
pay the value of that building, and have been
in the habit of doing so constantly. Why not?
We were occupying the building, and thought
it was best for us to destroy the property
which belonged to those people.
Now, in regard to this Kentucky case, the
gentleman who first addressed the House in
opposition to this bill [Mr. Garfield, of Ohio]
says that it was of no account to these persons
whether the United States forces destroyed
this property or whether the rebels got it. Bat
it does not follow that the rebel forces would
have got it. They were not there at the time,
and I am informed as a matter of fact they
never afterward came into that neighborhood.
At least there was no certainty that they would
be able to take the property and destroy it.
And if the parties had been allowed the ordin-
ary chance of people to take care of their own
property, they would have been likely to have
saved some of it by removing, selling it. or
something of that sort.
Still this rests upon the main proposition,
for which I think there is sufficient authority
in the law books and elsewhere, that this prop-
erty was taken because it was thought at the
time most economical and useful for the Gov-
ernment to do so. As I have already said, the
Government might defend such property, as its
duty was to defend the property of loyal peo-
ple. But it was not able to do so, and decided
that it was better to destroy the property.
As to the argument, of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that these cases
may furnish a precedent for the conduct of
the commissioners, I am certainly unable to
judge whether there is any force in that sug-
gestion or not: there may or may not be.
Certainly, however, it is for us to do what
seems right for us here. We can hardly regu-
late our conduct by what this commission may
think it advisable to do or to leave undone.
For my own part, I think it wilt be found best for
us to consider this matter as a question belong-
ing to us alone; and ifour decision should cost
us something elsewhere, as I hardly think it
can, we must abide by that, as we always have
to take the responsibility of our action.
My colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Smith,] would like
to speak on this question; and I yield to him
for live minutes.
Mr. AMBLER. Before the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blair] sits down, I wish to ask
him whether there is, in point of fact, any
distinction between this case and the case,
for instance, of destruction of property m the
Shenandoah valley under orders of General
Sheridan, except that in one case the State
was regarded as loyal, and in the other as
disloyal? Is here any other distinction in
principle?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. lam not aware
of anv.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
there are pending before the Committee of
Claims three or four bills proposing to make
compensation for property destroyed in time
of war. Within a short time that committee
will make report upon those bills; and I am
very solicitous that the judgment of this House
upon the report which the committee may
make shall not be forestalled by any incon-
siderate action. And while I have great defer-
ence for the judgment of the chairman of oar
committee, I submit to him that the position
which we ought to take upon this important
