1873.
the commmoxAL globe.
1655
ment. This is the principle which governs alllegal
mcmentK.
" in conformity to this principle we fee! no doubt
that such an assembly has the right of protesting
itself trow all impediments to the due course of its
proceeding. To the full extent of every measure
which it may be really necessary to adopt to secure
the free exercise of their legislative functions they
are justified in acting by the principle of the com-
mon law. Hut the power of* punishing any one'i'or
past misconduct as a contempt of its authority, and
adjudicating upon the fact of such contempt, and
the measure of punishment as a judicial body, irre-
sponsible to the party whatever the real facte may
be, 18 of a very different character, and by no means
essentially necessary lor the exercise of its Junc-
tions by a local Legislature, whether representative
«r not. All these functions may be well performed
without this extraordinary power, and with the aid
of the ordinary tribunals to investigate and punish
contemptuous insults and interruptions."
"These powers certainly do nut exist in corporate
or other bodies assembled with authority to make
by-laws for the government of particular trades, or
united numbers of individuals. The functions of a
colonial Legislature are of a higher character, and
it is engaged in moro important objects; but still
there is no reason why it should possess the power
m question."
" It is said, however, that this power belongs to the
House of Commons in England; and this, it is con-
tended, affords an authority for holding that it
belones as a legal incident, by the eommon law, to
an assembly with anaolgous functions. But the
reason why the House of Commons has this power
is not because it is a representative body with legis-
lative functions, but by virtue of ancient usage and
prescription. In some, the very exercise of the
Power with the sanction of the tribunals, and the ac-
quiescence of the public for a long period of time,
may raise a presumption that the power has been
duly communicated by law. But in this ease we
have the simple question to decide, without usage,
acquiescence, or statute authority."
In conclusion, therefore, I do not feel so clearly
justified in holding, either upon principle, prece-
dent, or authority, that Congress has the power to
impeach a civil officer such as the Vice President
for crime committed before induction into such
oiliee, a- to make me willing to recommend an im-
peachment for such an offense at a time when the
impeachment cannot possibly be tried.
_ That the purchase from a man deeply interested
in_ preventing legislation, and the holding by an
officer so largely controlling legislation as a Vice
President, cf shares of a company like the Credit
Mubilier, earning euqrinous profits by an imposition
upon Congress, and continuing such profits only
through the absence of wholesome legislation, such
purchase having been made at a price far below
the market value of the shares, and far below the
returns promised aud received therefrom, may
well he an offense justifying impeachment, I do not
doubt. I
Beyond that, since,no action can be taken upon I
any impeachment, it would be improper to express
any opinion as to the faets established by the testi-
mony referred to the committee. Common justice
to a man just passing out of the reach of possible
trial or acquittal forbids my here expressing an
opinion about his guilt when I decline, for want of
time for further investigation, to impeach him for
misstatement and decline to impeach for corruption,
because his alleged offense was committed before
his term of office hc?:u>, and it is now too late to
try him upon that impeachmeut.
As to any guilt he must remain, as he is now, liable
lo the ordinary tribunals of the country and the judg-
mentof the people. Their conclusion will be founded
upon their own views. Against their final judgment
we shall be alike powerless to save or to condemn,
liut we can, by an impracticable impeachment, ad-
mitting of no possible trial, and which can there-
fore aud nothing to public condemnation or official
purity, assert a power and establish a precedent
which may come in time to be destructive of the
rights of members, and thus dangerous to the liber-
ties of the people.
CLARKSQN N. POTTER.
Mr. GOODRICH. As a member of the
Committee on tlie Judiciary, not concurring
in the report, I desire that I may be permitted
to submit a brief statement of the reasons for
my dissent, such as 1 have had time to pre-
pare. 1 do not ask to have it read.
Mr. COX. I hope it will be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that it is any discourtesy in me to sug-
gest that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Goodrioh] did not submit to the committee
the views he now presents to the House, and
that they cannot be considered in the nature
of a minority report,
Mr. GOODRICH. I had no opportunity to
submit the remarks to the committee for the
reason that I had not time to prepare them
before the committee adjourned. But I stated
very thoroughly to the committee the sub-
stance of my objections to the report, and
this is a statement of those objections.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the
views of the gentleman from New York, I Mr
Goodrich.] l
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I make no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable House of Representatives :
The undersigned member of the Committee on the
Judiciary that has had incharge the evidence taken
V? f?£ so-called Poland committee in the Credit
Mobiher investigation, with instructions to in-
quire whether anything therein warrants articles
of impeachment, or demands farther investigation
against or with reference to any officer of the United
btates not a member of this House, under the res-
olution of the House of the mh instant, and the
report of whieh thereon, by the majority of its
members, has now been submitted, asks leave in
consideration of the importance of the subject in-
volved, to express in this manner his dissent from
the views which it advocates and adopts.
First, and more especially, he desires to dissent
most emphatically from the principle it asserts that
an officer of the United States or a member of this
House is not liable either to impeaehment or expul-
sion for any offense whatever, committed prior to
thecommencementof his term of office, during which
the question of his impeachment or expulsion is
raised. Such a doctrine may be sufficiently protect-
ive to the officer, but is it so with reference to the
more important interests of his constituency that
may bo involved ? And, under this Government, it
is to be borne in mind that offices are created, pri-
marily, not for the benefit of the office-holders, but
for the benefit of the constituency represented.
Suppose (what, in the future at least, may not be
impossible to occur,) a person should seek an elec-
tion to this House or to the Senate of the United
States, and should obtain it through the money
and influence of some one or more of the wealthy
corporations constantly asking for aid, by subsidies
or otherwise, through legislation by Congress, upon
the secret pledge of his vote and influence to
promote the success of whatever measures such cor-
poration or corporations might desire, can the right
or propriety of impeaching or excelling such person
the moment ho should take his seat under his
purchased election, to carry out the corrupt bargain
on his part to the detriment of the public inter-
ests, notwithstanding the bribery in the ease ac-
tually took place before even his election to offices.
Or, in such case, suppose the secret pledge should
be successfully concealed during the member's
first term of office, and he should again be elected
upon it, and should enter upon his second term,
again to perform and carry out the corrupt agree-
ment, and that then for the first time the fact of the
bribery should come to light, can it be doubted that
every consideration would demand his immediate
impeachment or expulsion, the same as though the
bribe had been received after, instead of before, his
second term of office begun?
Upon this illustration, and without undertaking
to enter into a discussion of the question, (as he has
no opportunity to do,) the undersigned free to assert
his fall conviction that any and everyoffense maybe
madef heground either ofimpeachmentor expulsion,
even though committed before the officer's term of
office began, provided the offense be one calculated
to bo continuing in its influence upon the member.
The want of precedents for the exercise of such a
power, is urged by the majority of tho committee
in their report. X am by no means prepared to say
there are none ; on the contrary one has lately
occurred in my own State in the late impeachment
of a judge of the Supreme Court in that State; and
others, I feel quite confident, might be cited. But
were precedents entirely wanting, under the broacl
provisions of the Constitution applicable to this
case, I am, for one. prepared, in the interests of
good government, to make one and plant it broadly
in the history of the country for its purity and safety
in the future.
I cannot concur in the_ report of tho majority on
othor grounds, which it is needless here to set forth,
as the ground already stated is so radically variant
as to render my concurrence in it wholly impossible.
M. GOODRICH.
Mr. GOODRICH. I ask to have my state-
ment printed along with the report of the
committee.
The SPEAKER. If there he no objection
the report of the committee and the views sub-
mitted by the two members of the committee
from New York [Mr. Potter aud Mr. Good-
rich] will be printed. _
There was no objection.
MESSAGE FROM TI1E SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate insisted upon its amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, con-
solidate. and amend the laws relating to pen-
sions, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives, agreed to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Pkatt,
Mr. Fekky of Connecticut, and Mr. Sauls-
bury conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message farther announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 3088) to extend for four years
the act establishing the board of commission-
ers of claims, and acts relating thereto, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives,
agreed to the conference eommittee asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Howe,
Mr. Whisht, and Mr. Dayis to lie conferees
on the part of the Senate.
IMPEACHMENT.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report from the Committee on the Judiciary.
, Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Icallfora
vote on my motion that the Committee on the
Judiciary be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the matters specially referred to
them, and that the report do lie upon the table.
M. POLAND. I desire to make a motion
to recommit the report.
The SPEAKER. That would be in order
if the motion to lay the report on the table
should not prevail.
Mr. MORGAN. Would it be in order to
move as an amendment to the motion to lay
the report on the table, that the report of the
Judiciary Committee be referred to the com-
mittee of investigation, of which the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] is chair-
man ? If such a motion be in order, I*make it.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table takes precedence.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to make anappeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.] In the main I think I shall agree
with the report of the majority of the com-
mittee ; but I want time to read it and consider
it before I am called on to vote upon it. I
do not ask time for discussion, but I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts to fix a time for
a vote on this matter which will afford a suffi-
cient opportunity for members of this House
to look into the legal reasons set forth in the
reports, that we may be able to vote intelli-
gently upon them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
motion commits no one to the arguments by
which the committee sustain the conclusion
Ihey arrive at. The only thing to which it
commits any one—and in that ail the members
of the committee except one, the genileman
from New York, [Mr. Goodrich,] agree—-is
that the report .do lie on the table. All agree
upon that, but we differ as to the reasons why
it should lie on the table.
Mr. POLAND. That is just what we do
not want, to indorse.
Mr. AMBLER. I quite understand the point
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butleu.] But to some extent the motion
of the gentleman commits every member who
votes for it. I simply ask for time to allow the
members of the House carefully to examine the
legal reasonings of the different gentlemen.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to say just one word.
I think if a motion is made to recommit this
report to the Committee on the Judiciary, it
ought to be accompanied with instructions to
this effect, that all comments on matters which
this committee has presumed to discuss con-
nected with the expulsion of members and
criticism of the Credit Mobilier Committee,
being irrelevant, should be stricken from the
report *, those matters not having been referred
to the committee.
Mr. BANKS. That is the right motion.
Mr. COX. In the next place the committee
were specifically instructed to report to this
House the conduct and statements of the Vice
President while acting as Vice President be-
fore the Credit Mobilier Investigating Com-
mittee. I believe it was the intent and meaning
of the resolution sent to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and they have not yet fulfilled that
duty according to the terms of the resolution
in my judgment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, It is said
