696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
question is not one that is apologetic in its air,
but that it stands upon the express letter of
the Constitution. I want to put it there. I
want every gentleman in this House who
believes that we are under a constitutional
obligation to make this compensation, to vote
for this bill; and I ask no gentleman to vote
for it who does not believe it to be within the
letter of the Constitution.
I recollect that in the debate last spring there
was cited a case in the Court of Claims, to which
I call anew the attention of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] In the very
exhaustive opinion in that case—an opinion
that stands upon the bed-rock of hard logic,
which no man has ever successfully contro-
verted—Judge Wilmot, a very able lawyer,
decided that the taking of private property for
use or for destruction, when the public exigency
demands it, by a military officer commanding
any part of the public forces, is an exercise of
the right of eminent domain under the Con-
stitution which every member of this House
has taken a solemn oath to carry into effect;
and this judgment of that court is not only
reasoned out by logic that is perfectly irresisti-
ble, but is sustained by the Supreme Court of
the United States in the case of Harmony vs.
Mitchell, a case which has been often cited.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts and the gentle-
man from Ohio to this distinction. There are
only two grounds upon which the destruction
of private property can be justified: the first
is under the constitutional right of eminent
domain; the second, under the common-law
right of necessity. By the common law, for
instance, a building may be blown up to stop
the progress of a fire. Whenever we can re-
duce the destruction of property in time of war
to this one question, was the property destroyed
by the right of eminent domain, or under the
law of overruling necessity, which has been very
wisely termed by some judges the lex instantis,
he law of the instant, then we can settle very
satisfactorily, it seems to me, whether we are
bound to make compensation. Now, I call
the attention of these gentlemen to the decis-
ion of the highest court of the State of New
Jersey in the case of the American Print
Works vs. Lawrence. And this was a case
where the action was brought for the destruc-
tion of the property to stop the progress of a
fire. The Court say—
"That branoh of tile doctrine to which I sow refer
is, ofcourso, to bo distinguished from that more ap-
x>ropriation for public utility under a general State
nccossity, and which comes within the dootrine of
tho eminent domain. They are both spokon of
sometimes as grounded on necessity, and they doubt-
less are so. But tho latter stands strongly distin-
guished from that urgent necessity which, for im-
mediate preservation, imperatively demands imme-
diate action, flis case who should throw up trenches
on his neighbor's land for tho protection of a town
from an immediate hostilo attack, as regards his
justification, would certainly stand on a very differ-
ent footing from one who, undor the authority of
law, should do the same act in order to guard tho
town from prospective and merely possible future
harm."
That is precisely tho pivotal point of this
case, and distinguishes this claim from any
claims which might be made for destruction
Of property at Gettysburg, or in open field,
where property was destroyed under the law
of necessity.
The SPEAKER. The time allowed to the
gentleman has expired.
_ Mr. SMITH, of New York. Only one
single word more. J call the attention of
the House to the fact that during the war,
while the question pressing on the conscience
of Congress and the Administration was the
emancipation of the slaves, and the great
obstacle which stood in the way was the con-
stitutional obligation to make compensation,
Mr. Whiting, the learned Solicitor of the War
Department, with every motive to put a strict
construction on this constitutional provision,
declared uniformly—and if I understand cor-
rectly the Judge Advocate General still fol-
lows it—as follows, in bis work " War Powers
under the Constitution
"Public Use.—What is 'public use' for which
private property may be taken ?
"Every appropriation of property for the benefit
of the United States, either for a national publio
improvement, or to carry into effect any valid law
of Congress for the maintenance, protection, or
security of national interests, is 'public use.' Pub-
lic use is contradistinguished from private use.
That which is for the use of the country, however
applied or appropriated, is for public use.
" Public use does not require that property taken
shall be actually used. It may be disused, removed,
or destroyed. And destruction of private property
may be the best public use it oan be put to. Sup-
pose a bridge owned by a private corporation to be
so located as to endanger our forts upon the banks
of a river. To demolish that bridge for military
purposes would be to appropriate it for public use.
To raze private buildings in a city for the purpose
of preventing a general conflagration would be to
apply them to public use."
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I now yield for
five minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Adams.]
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, at an early
day of the present Congress I introduced and
had referred to the Committee of Claims a bill
providing for the payment of the claimants in
this case. Living as I do near to the property
destroyed, and familiar as I am with all the
circumstances connected with this case, I beg
the attention of the House while I state briefly
some of the facts which it seems to me are
conclusive of the liability of the Government
to the owners of these works for the destruction
of their property. As stated by the chairman
of the committee, these salt-works were located
near the town of Manchester, in the State of
Kentucky, within the lines of the Federal
army, and were, in the fall of 1862, destroyed
by the military authorities of the Government.
They were not wantonly and unnecessarily
destroyed by unauthorized or irresponsible par-
ties, but under orders from the general com-
manding the department in which they were
situated.
The destruction in this case was not an inci-
dent of battle which it was beyond the power
of the Government to prevent; not one of
those unavoidable results which sometimes
attends the movement of armies, and cannot
therefore be regarded or treated as an accident
of war, which no one could foresee, which no
one could prevent, and for which it might
therefore be claimed that no one ought to be
responsible. But, on the contrary, it was the
deliberate, well-considered act of the general
commanding, as a means to the accomplish-
ment of a particular end.
Now, what was the end had in view? It was
supposed that the confederate forces who were
in striking distance would resort to these works
for their supply of salt. Il was determined to
prevent this, and there were two ways in which it
conld be done. One was to send thither a force
sufficient to repel any approach of the confed-
erates for supplies of salt, and the other was
to destroy the works and thereby render im-
possible that which it was desired to prevent.
The general commanding, after full consider-
ation, came to the conclusion that it would be
less expensive to the Government to destroy
these works and pay for them than to attempt
to provision and supply a force sufficiently
large to accomplish the end desired at this
remote point from our base of supplies. That
such were the considerations which controlled
the action of the officer who ordered the
destruction of this property, and that all
parties then supposed that the owners would
and ought to be compensated for the loss sus-
tained, is shown by the reportof General Croft,
who commanded the expedition which was
sent out to effect the destruction. He says in
his official report:
" In regard to the propriety of the destruction of
theso works as a military necessity, (amatter that is,
t am aware, the special province of my superiors to
decide,) I may still be pardoued to louiark that
everything conspired to show its wisdom. An army
sufficient to protect them could not be subsisted
trom the country in the vicinity of the works. The
condition of tile mountain roads, and the usual
severity of tho winters thereabouts, would have
rendered,it nearly impossible to supply rations by
hauliug from the rear.
" At least as a matter of economy, the destruction
of the works seemed to be a wise movement.
" I recommend that a special commissio# or com-
missioner be appointed by the Government of the
United States to repair to the works and take evi-
dence as to the quantity and price of the salt de-
stroyed, the permanent damage to the works, ana
the amount of any remote or consequential damage
that may ensue to the owners or lessees Jrom the
stoppage of their manufactories. This appears to
be the only proper means to do even-handed justice
between the parties interested and the Government.
The destruction of" these works seems to
have been ordered simply and solely because
it was regarded as much more economical to
destroy and pay for them than to attempt to
accomplish the end in view by the other means
which might have been resorted to.
The question, therefore, which we are called
upon to decide is not whether we shall pay
for the wanton destruction of property by un-
authorized persons, not whether we shall pay
for the unavoidable ravages of war which fre-
quently attend .the movements of all armies,
but whether the Government shall pay for
property taken and destroyed in order to
avoid the expense incident to military opera-
tions which were necessary for the accom-
plishment of the end had in view at the time.
In short, whether the Government, having
taken the property of private citizens in order
to prevent an expenditure of its own money
and having in fact thereby saved a larger
amount from its own Treasury, shall now make
restitution to the parties who suffered in eon-
sequenec of its acts and whose property has
been taken for the accomplishment of its ends.
But we are told that this property was not
converted to the use of the Government, but
was destroyed to prevent its falling into the
hands of the enemy, and that therefore the
Government is not responsible. But this can
in no way alter the case. The loss was no
less to the owners, and the Government did
derive substantial benefits, far greater, in fact,
than if it had used and converted an equal
amount of supplies of any description for the
support of its Army, by saving a much larger
expenditure from its public Treasury.
But, says the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Gabmeld,] the rebels would have taken this
property if the Government had not, and con-
sequently the claimants would have suffered
the same loss even if the Government had never
interfered. The facts, however, do not war-
rant us in coming to any such conclusion. On
the contrary, this property was destroyed after
General Bragg had been driven from Ken-
tucky, and the rebel forces never afterward had
possession of the country, and would never
have been able to have taken possession, so
that in point of fact the claimants, but for the
destruction on the part of the Government,
would to-day have been in the unmolested
enjoyment of their property, instead of apply-
ing to this Congress for compensation.
We all remember that this House at its last
session voted to pay both Dr. Best, of Ken-
tucky, and Judge Wallace, of Missouri, for
houses destroyed by the Government when a
battle was imminent and the destruction de-
manded by the public safety ; and while-1 do
not question the validity of these claims or
pretend to controvert the justice of their de-
mand, (for I voted in favor of paying both,) I
do contend that this case stands on entirely
different and more favorable footing than
either of those.
It was contended in the discussion of those
cases here on this floor, as also by the Presi-
dent, 111 his veto messages, that where property
was taken or destroyed in times of great public
danger, and when the public safety demanded
it, and when the Government could not avoic
it, that m such cases there was 110 responsibility
Aow°erS" - A"d those wl o are familiar
with the facts m the cases of Dr. Best and
Judge Wallace will remember that in each
instance a battle, though not raging, was im-
