1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gon, Maynard, MeGrew, McJunkin, McEee, Mer-
riam, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Slorphis,
Leonard M.y< r«,^NegieytOrr, Packard, Packer, Pal
mer, Hosea W.Parker, Isaac 0. Parker, Peck, Pen-
dleton, Perce. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Prindle,
Hiiincy, Ellis II. Ilobertf, John Itogers, SI on H.
linger*, liuek, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeiey, Sessions,
8ba.nk?, Sheldon, Shellaba^er, Shoemaker, Slocum,
gloss, 11. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Storm, StouerhtOQ.Stowell, St. John, Thom-
as, Washington Xownseod, Turner, Twichell. Tyner,
UpHon, Voorhees. Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteiey, Willard, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—134.
h7AVS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Banks, Erasmus
W. Beck, Bird, Boartn&n, Braxton, Caldwell, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Cropland, Davis, Dodds, Dox, Bu-
Bose, Duke, Kiy, Henry D. Foster, Geta, biddings,
Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Bale, Haat#ock,
liandley, Ilanks, John T. Harris, Hereford, fclern-
don, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, King, Leach, Lewis,
Lynch, Maclntyre, Marshall, McCielland, MeCor-
mick, Alclicnry, MeKirmey, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morgan, Silas L. Niblack, William E. 2uh-
lack, Poland, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son. Roosevelt, Sherwood, Slater, Speer, Swann,
Terry. TutUiil. Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and Young—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Barnum,
Jauies B. Beck, Biggs, Austin Blair, Campbell, Car-
roil, Conner, Creely, Ddrrall, Dawes, IHckey, Far-
well. Porker, Garfield, Halsey, Hambleton, John
W. iiazelton. Hoar, Keiley, Kinsella, MeCrary, Me-
Neeiy, Price, Ritchie, Scofield, Shober, Stevens,
Stevenson, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Bwight
Townsend, and Warren—35.
Bo the motion to postpone was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SPEER, said: Mr. Speaker, I raise the
question of order that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman
from Massachusetts £Mr. Ames] should not
vote upon this question, they being directly
i nterested.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should
raise that point after the call of the roll has
terminated.
Mr. SPEER. I thought the roll-call was
concluded.
The roll-ca'l having been concluded,
Mr. SPEER, said: Now, Mr. Speaker, I
renew my point of order. It is that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ames,]
being directly interested in this question, should
not vote. They have both voted inthe affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] state the reasons on
which he makes the point? The Chair hitn-
*self does not apprehend them. It is the duty
of a member raising such a, point to state the
reasons or facts showing the interest of the
member whose vote is objected to.
Mr. SPEER. The report of the Judi-
ciary Committee made bj the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] denies the con-
stitu'.ional right aud power of 'his House to
expel these" two gentlemen ; ^ and they are
voting for a postponement until a day certain
for the purpose of having it considered by the
House at that time.
Mr. HOAR. I raise the point that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] is not
entitled to address the Chair on this subject
because his own expulsion may depend upon
precisely the same question.
A Member. And that of every other
member.
Mr. SPEEU. It will be time to raise that
point when the question arises.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that, if ihe gentleman's poiut be good, the
House might be deprived of a quorum, if any
gentleman chose to lodge an accusation
against a majority of the members.
Mr. SPEER. A moneyed consideration of
even one dollar is sufficient to disqualify a
member from voting; aud the iutorest now
involved is vastly more important.
Tiir SPEAKER. The Cliair does not argue
the point; he nimply suggests that it it.weie
guod, the House might he deprived of a quorum
upon a proposition 1.0 postpone a question toi
forty-eight hours.
Mr. SPEER. If the resolution be adopted
it will of course affect these gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman's point
were a good one, it would deprive the House
of the power to postpone this question for
forty-eight hours. The Chair thinks the point
is not a good one.
Mr. SPEER. Both of these gentlemen
voted in the affirmative, and thus, in effect, for
the consideration of the report denying the
power of the House to expel them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks they
had a perfect right to do so if they chose—or
in the negative if they preferred.
Mr. PL ATT. I move the reading of the
names be dispensed with.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote just taken; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire by unanimous consent to ask that both
these reports be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to offer a resolution
by unanimous consent in reference to this
matter.
Mr. SAWYER. I object to yielding the
floor, and ask we now proceed with the con
sideration of the river and harbor appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HIBBARD. Let the resolution of the
gentleman from Maine be read.
Mr. BAN KS. If the gentleman from Wis-
consin does not insist on going on with the
river and harbor appropriation bill, I will move
to take tip the message of the President of the
Uuited States.
Mr. SAWYER. I have insisted and do in-
sist on proceeding with the consideration of
the river and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. HOAR. Will the Chair allow me to
be heard ? I have a question of privilege
to be raised.
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege
will take precedence.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. SAWYER. I object to entertaining
any other business than that which is strictly
in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question be-
tween the Chair and any gentleman upon the
floor, but between the gentleman from Wis-
consin, and any gentleman who takes the floor
from him must do it by a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope my amendment will
be read.
Mr. SAWYER. I must object to anything
out of order.
Mr. SARGENT. And so do I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says he has a question of privilege,
and he will state what it is.
Mr. HOAR. On Saturday last this House
ordered, as a means of proceeding with its cur-
rent business, the reprinting of the report and
bill reported to the House by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] on that day. The
Congressional Printer declines to print^ the
report and bill, because, as he alleges, it is
not within the authority of the House, under
the law, to make such an order. I do not
desire to detain the House a moment, except
simply to ask that the letter of the Congres-
sional Printer may be printed in the Globe,
and this matter referred to the Committee 011
Plulling. It will not take but a moment. I
urn sure nobodv will object to 11.
Mr. BANKS. This is not a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged ques-
tion, b.nt not a question of privilege.
Mr. HOAR. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. BANKS. There is a question of higher
privilege: the President's message is waiting
to be considered.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question of
privilege, but a privileged question.
Mr. HOAR. I submit to the Chair 
Mr. BANKS. I insist on my point of order.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
and I will state it with the leave of the Chair,
and that is whether an order of this House to
have a document printed required for the
transaction of the current business of the
House from day to day can be disobeyed by
the Congressional Printer, and whether it is
not necessarily a question of privilege of the
highest kind?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks a mere
difference of construction of a statute be-
tween the Congressional Printer and the
House in reference to an order which the
House may have made would not present a
question of privilege.
Mr. BANKS. 1 object to the debate.
Mr. HOAR. Suppose the Congressional
Printer refuses to print under an order of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. If a public officer refuses
to obey an order of the House, of course that
might be; but the gentleman will observe it is
against the public policy to increase questions
of privilege. The Chair always rules strictly
on questions of privilege.
Mr. HOAR. If the Chair will listen to the
resolution he will see that is the point I make,
that he has refused to obey the lawful order
of the House necessary to the conduct of its
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
it contains a question of privilege.
Mr. HOAR. I will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. It is undoubtedly a priv-
ileged question which the Chair will recognize
the gentleman.upon when the pending question
is disposed of.
river and harbor appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
river and harbor appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the improvement of the Osage river, Missouri,
$25,000.
Mr. HANKS. I renew the amendment
which I offered some time ago, as follows:
After the paragraph just read insert the follow-
ing:
For the improvement of the White and St. Francis
rivers, $50,000.
Mr. HANKS. Since I offered this amend-
ment before, and objection was made, I find
that the records do show that surveys were
made for these rivers and appropriations
voted of $10,000 each. And I lind that the
money was expended in the case of the St.
Francis river prior to June 30, 1872, and that
the balance remained unexpended so far as
the White river was concerned.
admission to the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a question of
order. I ask that the Doorkeeper be instructed
to enforce the rules of the House in regard
to admission to the floor during the remainder
of this session. We have been compelled to
do this on various former occasions 111 order
to avoid confusion, and that we may get 011
with the public business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Sargekt] asks that the rule 111
regard to admission to the floor be enforced
against all who are not by the rule entitled to
the privileges ol the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. That does not include
the gentlemen elected to seats in the next
Congress ?
The SPEAKER. They are entitled to ad-
mission under the rule. The rule speeitks
