698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
sum stood upon the books of said bank to the credit
of J. )?. Hanks.
It is but justice, however, to the executors of the
estate of Doctor Hanks to state that there is every
reason to believe that the money deposited by Doc-
tor Hanks in the Louisiana State Bank was in cur-
rent funds, and that when application was made to
Congress for the recovery of the same they believed
and had evid^ace to satisfy them that such funds
had found their way into the Treasury of the United
States. # There has, unquestionably, been a mistake
made either by the officers of the Louisiana State
Bank or the persons engaged in removing tbe funds
of that bank, by which the estate of Doctor Hanks
is loser to the amount of relief afforded by House
bill No. 1550.
Accompanying this I send the statement, furnished
by the Secretary of the Treasury, of all funds covered
into his Department, or accounted for through it,
arising from the seizure of the funds in the Louis-
iana State Bank of New Orleans in the month of
August, 1862. u_ g_ QJJ.ANT.
Exkcdtive Mansion, March 28,1872.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is, of course, manifest
that if the money deposited in the Louisiana
State Bank by Dr. Hanks was confederate
money this bill should not have passed, and
that the veto message was a proper use of Ex-
ecutive power. On the other hand, if it is
reasonably certain that there is a misappre-
hension of the facts, as stated in the message,
and that the money deposited by Dr. Hanks,
who died shortly after the deposit, was in cur-
rent funds, then it is quite manifest that the
bill ought to pass, and that the President has
been misinformed by the Treasury Department
as to the true state of the case. This will have
to depend upon record evidence; and I ask
that the views of the committee, which are very
briefly expressed, be read to the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
J£ho Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
the message of the President of the United States
communicating to the Houso the reasons for with-
holding his approval of ltouse bill No. 1550, "An act
tor the roliaf of the estate of Dr. John F. Hanks,"
together with said act, bee leave to report that the
official evidence on which tho committee aoted in
the report made to the Houso rccommcndirig tlie
passage of said bill is as follows: a communication
trom tho Quartermaster General's office, to whom
inquiry on the subject, had been addressed, which
communication is as follows :
Quartbrmaster General's Office,
Washington, D. c„ February 16,1872.
BospoctfuUy returned to Hon. W. S. Ilolman,
Houso of Representatives. Tho records of this
ofuoo show that in August, 18&>t thero was seized
from tho Louisiana Stato Bank, underGoneral Order
No. 202, the sum of #28,8)311, of which 81,721) was
reported to belong to Dr. John K. Hanks. On the
settlement of Colonel llolabird's accounts the
money was oovcrod into the Treasury on account of
enptureti and abandoned property—requests of this
office of Juno 13 and 18, 186S.
, ROBERT ALLEN,
A. Q. Crcnt, firev. Mitj. Gen.
And other official ovidcnco on file with tho papors.
It appears that Dr. Hank« livod at Helena, Ark-
ansas, at the time that the money was deposited
m the Louisiana State Bank. Since the reference
of tins subject to your committee it has been satis-
factorily hUown t,0 the committee by tho bank-book
hold by Dr. Hanks that the deposit was made in the
toiiowmg iorm:
Louisiana State Bank in account with John F.
lianks deposits payable iu currency.
iO(>j. fly
November 2-To cash $14,500'00
xoOi.
Api'il 3—-Xo cash  153 00
May 1—lo cash  439 qq
November 8-By check for II. C. Brighter ...$3,500 00
November S—i y check lor V. Tapp  150 00
November 8~By cheek for V. IStpp  50 00
December 25—By check for J}. Memphis  6,(W0 00
January 1—JBy check for Moses Oreenwood.. 31 14
January /-By check for 0. ]>. King fur his.. 200 00
Ja.nuaij 19- Ijy check tor 13. Tin or, sheriff
Ashley county  232 25
January 21—By cbeckfor Moses Greenwood
groceries ^ 129 70
Januaiy 2£—By cheek for \V\ Richardson".' 500 00
February 20—By check for Captain Samuel
?.orley     300 oo
it appears that the seizure of the money was in
f August, 1863 ; and the accounts of the officer having
charge of the funds were not settled in the Qaar-
termaster General s office and the money covered
into tilei ireasury until June. 186S. The affidavits on
file of tho president and cashier of the bank set-
ting forth an account current of the deposits of Dr.
Hanks m the bank, and the seizure of the funds by
tiio United States, make no reference to confederate
money, but set forth an account of deposits and pay-
ments of money. v 9
• P1"- Hanks loyalty and absence from New Orleans
ISC? 0Wu* and his dettth occurrod November 10,
The additional evidence submitted strongly tends
to prove that the funds of Dr. Hanks in the bank
were current funds, and that the officer receiving
these funds from the bank should have received the
same in current funds, and not otherwise, and the
delay in covering the money actually seized into the
Treasury is unexplained. If the money claimed by
the representatives of Dr. Hanks had been confed-
erate money, of course it would not have been
covered into the Treasury.
In any view, it would seem that the action of the
officers of the Government has left the representa-
tives of a loyal citizen without a remedy against
the bank where his money was deposited, and the
committee being of opinion that the money depos-
ited was current funds, are of opinion that in any
view of the transaction the loss should not fall on
the representatives of Dr. Hanks. His absence from
New Orleans was manifestly the cause of the seizure
of the deposit made by him. The committee report
back the bill and message for the action of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now ask the Clerk to
read the statement of the Second Comptroller
The Clerk read as follows:
Second Comptroller's Office,
April 10,1871.
I have examined all the papers in this case. In
April, 1863, the loyalty of Dr. Hanks was certified to
by Generals Hovey and McGinnis, stating in general
terms that he was opposed to secession and true to
the Union, and by officers of the second Ohio bat-
tery, who from an eight months' intercourse with
the Doctor as the attending physician of the battery
give it as their conviction "that he is true and loyal
to the Government of the United States." In Feb-
ruary, 1864, he took theoath of allegiance prescribed
by the proclamation of the President, dated Decem-
bers, 1863, and therefore had restoration of his rights
of property (except slaves) even if his previous loy
ally had not been proved.
I have no doubt that tho sum claimed is equitably
due; but the objection of the Auditor is well taken,
and the act of February, 1867, prohibits payment
without further authority from Congress and an
appropriation for that object.
JOHN M. BRODHEAD, Comptroller.
Mr. HOL'MAN. It will be seen that the
Quartermaster General, as well as the Second
Comptroller, understood that this money,
including the amount said to belong to Dr.
Hanks, which had been received by Major
Holabird from the Louisiana State Bank and
covered into the Treasury, was current funds.
Of course confederate funds could not be cov-
ered into the Treasury. It was of no possi-
ble value. I hold in my hand the affidavit of
the president and the cashier of this bank,
who testify to the deposit of the money in the
bank by Dr. Hanks, and to the payment of it
to the United States officer, and they speak of
it as simply a deposit, a general deposit of
money, and of the payment of it to the United
States officer as simply a payment of money.
No reference whatever is made to confederate
money, In the papers, official and unofficial,
originally before the committee, not the least
intimation occurred of this deposit of Dr.
Hanks being in confederate money.
The funds were deposited by Dr. Hanks
in 1861 ; the seizure was made in 1863, and
the money was not covered into the Treasury
until 1868, five years after the seizure. The
statement of the Quartermaster General, who
had charge of this fund in the first instance, is
that it was, to the amount specified in the bill
said to be the money of Dr. Hanks, and the
whole, including this, was covered into the
i reasury. Ihat seems to be manifest from
the terms used in the paper read. Of course
confederate funds were not covered into the
Ireasury, nor iu any other way recognized by
our (xovernment.
The committee entertain no doubt of the
loyalty of Dr. Hanks. Since the veto mes-
sage of the President to Congress the bank-
bo™* of Dr. Hanks, of the genuineness of
which the committee entertain no doubt, in
which the deposit of the money in question is
entered by the bank, has been furnished to
the committee. The heading of the account
of this deposit is as follows :
Pr' Louisiana State Bank Or
In account with John S. Hanks. Deposits pay'-
able m curroncy.
Then follow the various items of deposits
made and the checks drawn against the de-
posit. Dr. Hanks livod at Helena, not at New
(Jrleans, at the time these events occurred.
He died in 1864. It is very likely that the
statement of the officer is correct, that this
fund was taken possession of as abandoned
property, Dr. Hanks not being there at the
time.
I believe I have stated all the points in this
case. The President of the U'nited States
expresses the opinion in his message that
probably some mistake has been made in
regard to these funds. I think the mistake is
to be found in the irregular manner in which
such transactions were inevitably conducted
during the war, and remote from the Depart-
ments of the Government, and in the delay
of settling the accounts of seizures and cover-
ing the money into the Treasury. It is very
clear that the veto message would not have
been sent to Congress if it had been under-
stood that this fund deposited in the bank was
current funds.
If the funds held by the bank for Dr. Hanks
had been confederate money, it is of course
clear that Dr. Hanks's estate would have no
claim against the Government. I ought to state
that this is the unanimous report of the com-
mittee, the whole matter turning upon the
question whether the funds held by the bank
for Dr. Hanks were current funds or confed-
erate funds. The committee have reached the
conclusion that tbe money held by the bank
for Dr. Hanks was current money. But, as
stated in the message, there are papers on
file in the Treasury from which it would be
assumed that the deposit was in confederate
money.
Mr. HALE. Does the gentleman's state-
ment amount to this, that the President's veto
was given for lack of certain evidence which
subsequent investigation has produced 1 Is
that the effect of it ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I ought to answer
that in the affirmative; in very general terms,
however, I must say that this bank-book, which
has been furnished since the veto message
came to this House, in connection with cer-
tain correspondence which I have before me,
has led the committee to the conclusion that
the funds deposited in that bank by Dr. Hanks
were current funds, as no reference is any-
where made of the fund being confederate
money in the bank-book of correspondence.
Hr' ^at new evidence?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is evidence which has
been furnished within a few days.
- pro tempore. The question
is, Willthe House on reconsideration agree
to pass this bill, notwithstanding the objection
of the President ?" and by the Constitution
that question must be taken by yeas and nays.
Ihe Clerk will proceed to call the roll.
Ihe roll was called ; and there were-yeas
127, nays 17, not voting 97 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler ArpW A r>thn~
Barnum, Erasmus W. B«k, James B. Beck Bell'
§1!?? &slla Blair, James G. Blair, Boarman'
Boles, Bright, Buckley, feufBnton, Bunnell Burdett'
Roderick B. Butler, Carroll, dobb, Cob'um rn-
rwifi0' -S ton' Crebs Critohcr. Grassland ijavis
ijodds, Donnan, Dox, DuBose TWnv •
©dredge, Farnsworth, Charles FostS
Foster, Wilder D. Poster,'Fot&H
tpp. terf
TS5, Walden, Vild^
