1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ner, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, De Larue,
Dickey, Dunnell, Elliott, Ely. Esty, Earwell, Fink-
elnbure, Forker, Garrett, Goodrich, HaWemati,
Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks, Ilarraer, John X.
Harris, John W. Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon,
Hoar, Hooper, Keteham, Killin#er, Kinsella, Lan-
sincr, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, McCormick,
MeCrary, McKee, McKinney, MeNeely, Morphis,
Negley, Packer, Palmer, Peek; Perry, Piatt, Poland,
Potter, Prindle, John M. Eiee, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shcllabarger, Slocum, Wortbington C.
Smith. Snaiip, Snyder,S peer. Starkweather, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Sypfier, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill, Waddell, Walls, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, "Win-
chester, and Wood—97.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
bill was repassed, the objections of the Pres-
ident to the contrary notwithstanding.
session op the supreme court.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table for con-
sideration now the bill (S. No. 1220) to fix
the time for holding the annual session of the
Supreme Court of the United States. It pro-
poses to fix an earlier day than is now fixed
by law for the boldimg of the Supreme Court.
The members of the court desire the passage
of the meassure; and the Committee on the
Judiciary of the House, who have informally
considered the bill, unanimously recommend
its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was read.
It provides that from and after its passage the
annual session of the Supreme Court of the
United States shall commence on the second
Monday of October in each year.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to move to amend
the bill by adding the following:
And all actions, suits, appeals, recognizances, pro-
cess, writs, and proceedings whatever, pending or
which may be pending in said court, or returnable
thereto, shall have day therein, and foe heard, tried,
proceeded with and decided in like manner as if the
time of holding said session had not been hereby
altered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move to amend the
title of the bill by adding " and for other pur-
poses."
The amendment was agreed to.
josiah morris.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee of
Claims, presented a report to accompany the
bill (H. R. No. 1312) for the relief of Josiah
Morris ; which was ordered to be printed and
recommitted, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to resume the consideration of the diplomatic
appropriation bill. I desire to say that I would
not ask at this hour on Saturday afternoon to
go into Committee of the Whole but for the
feet that every day of next week until Satur-
day is set apart for some special order; and
there is uow but one appropriation bill in the
Senate. I know that we can get through, with
the diplomatic bill in a very short time.
Mr. MOREY. Pending the motion of the
geutlemau from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] 1 move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Kerr, there were—ayes 76, noes 50.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Kbrr were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 49.
KNRQLLBD lULL SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined aud found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1916) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimotis consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers in relation to the elaim of Mrs.
Mary A. Booth, of Canton, Mississippi.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consents
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House papers in the case of Je.eob R.
Davis, of Augusta, Georgia.
leave to print.
Mr. TERRY, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to have printed in the Globe
remarks on House bill No. 2354, providing for
recomputing the accounts between the United
States and the the several States growing out
of expenditures made in the war of 1812. [See
Appendix.]
leavj3 of absence.
Mr. Braxton, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for one day.
The result of the vote upon the motion of
Mr. Kerr, that the House adjourn, was then
announced; and accordingly (at three o'clock
and thirty-five minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Silas S. Young, Artemas Paine, and John
Swift, selectmen of the town of Proviocetown,
Massachusetts, and 33 other citizens, praying
the passage of an act making goods imported
from foreign countries and remaining in the
original cases subject to taxation for State and
municipal purposes at the same rate as other
merchandise held by citizens of that State.
By Mr. MERRICK: The petition of the
Maryland Agricultural College, praying com-
pensation for property used and destroyed by
the ninth army corps on the 9th of April, 1864.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of citi-
zens of Armstrong and Butler counties, in the
State of Pennsylania, for the establishment of
a post route from Brady's Bend, in Armstrong
county, via Kerns City and Petrolia, to Fair-
view, Butler county.
By Mr. SWANN : Thememorial of William
J. Stowell, grandson and heir, and for the
coheirs of William Stowell, deceased, praying
a settlement of the French spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of Maria Harris, of Bal-
timore, Maryland, praying 3n allowance of
pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 20, 1878.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
the proceedings of Friday last was dispensed
Wltb" LYMAN I. HISSONG.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 1112) for the
relief of Captain Lyman J, Hissong, of Henry
county, Ohio.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was to change the name in the text
of the bill and title to Lyman I. Hissong.
The amendment was concurred in.
heirs of joiix m. botts.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 760) for the
relief of Beverly M. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis,
Isabella McLean Lewis, and Mary Minor
Hoxey, children and heirs-at-law of John M.
Botts, deceased.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was in the text and title of the bi!
to change the name of Beverly M. Botts U
Beverly B. Botts.
Mr. LEWIS. I move that the amendmen •
be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FRELINGHUTSBN presented the
petition of the New Jersey Historical Society,
asking for an appropriation for the purchase
of certain original and important documents
relating to the early French discoveries on the
lakes and the Mississippi, never yet published;
which was referred to the Committee on tie
Library.
Mr. LEWIS. I present the petition of Bal-
lard S. Humphrey, praying to be allowed to
accept a second lieutenancy without refunding
one year's pay. I would say to Senators that
Mr. Humphrey was retired from the Army,
and the President, after examining his papers,
thought injustice bad been done him and
reinstated him ; but upon his reinstatement it
was required that he should lose one year's
pay, which he thinks is manifestly unjust. I
present the petition, and move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of Quantico creek and
Neabsco creek and bay ; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of D. S.
Dean, of Missouri, praying the delivery of
certain deeds now in the possession of the Inte-
rior Department; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
| of the Mystic Bridge Temperance Society of
I Connecticut, signed by its officers, praying for
' the prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
! tion, and sale of all intoxicating liqoora to be
' nsed as a beverage in the Territories of the
United States and in the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
He also presented the memorial of George
N. Latnphon and three hundred and sixty-
nine others, Union soldiers and jailors, pray-
ing for the passage of the bill entitled "An act
to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
United States;" which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition
of the societies of Sons of Temperance and
Citizens' League of Wisconsin, praying for the
prohibition of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used
as a beverage in the Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Wendell Phillips and others, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, asking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the results of the traffic in intox-
icating liquors, and of restrictive and prohibi-
tory legislation for the suppression of intem-
j perance; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the Minnesota Historical Society, asking foi
an appropriation to purchase certain docu-
ments relating to early French discoveries on
the lakes and the Mississippi never yet pub-
lished ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a peti-
tion of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians, known
as the Grand River band, praying that all
