1873.
TEffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sellars, of North Carolina, praying compen-
sation for certain cotton, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1403) referring
the claim of Dr. B. A. Sellars to the Court of
Claims.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
the Kentucky Agricultural and Mechanical
Association, praying compensation for dam-
ages to their fair grounds while used as a
camp for United States troops, reported a bill
(S. No. 1402) for the benefit of the Kentucky
Agricultural and Mechanical Association;
which was read, and passed to the seeond
reading.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (Et. R.
No. 2902) for the relief of the estates of Abel
Gilbert and William Gerrish, late copartners
in business under the style of Gilbert & Ger-
rish, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, who were by a'
resolution offered by myself on the 6th of
January " instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety of repealing the national bankrupt law,
said repeal to take effect January 1, 1874, and
providing for the immediate repeal of so much
of said act as relates to or allows involuntary
bankruptcy," to report abill in accordance with
that resolution, repealing the national bank-
rupt law, to take effect on the 1st of July next.
As the bill will probably provoke discussion,
I do not propose to ask for its present consid-
eration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator whether that repeals the law
absolutely and entirely or only partly?
Mr. WRIGHT. All of it.
The bill (S. No. 1401) to repeal an act enti-
tled "An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States''
wasTead, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to state that that
report is not concurred in by the wholfe of the
Judiciary Committee. A minority of the com-
mittee believe that it would not be altogether
wise to repeal the bankrupt law in toto cer-
tainly; even preserving pending cases, and will
be ready to discuss the subject at any time.
Mr. WRIGHT. I had intended to state that
fact before I took my seat.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. There is no
majority or minority written report ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; there is no writ-
ten report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed, in view of
the action of the Judiciary Committee upon
the bankrupt law in general, to report back
four bills which have been referred to us
amending that law, all of them adversely, as
the committee is bound to suppose'that the
Senate will take its opinion and repeal the
whole law; but, in making these adverse re-
ports, it is my duty to say that action upon
these several bills having been superseded by
the action of the committee, we in reality
express no opinion about them; so that if
it should happen that the Senate should not
pass the general bill just reported, these bills
would probably have to be recommitted for
consideration. They are as follows: a bill
(H. R. No. 2475) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2, 1P67, and the several acts
amendatory thereof; a bill (S. No. 1266) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States; abill(S.No. 1198) to amend the
bankrupt laws; and a bill (H. R. No. o!9ii)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1807 ;
and also the petition of many prominent mer-
chants and bankers of Louisville, Kentucky,
praying for an amendment of the bankrupt
act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These bills will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
reports of the committee, if that is the desire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the desire.
Mr. CGNKLING. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 369) to confer upon the Court of Claims
jurisdiction of the claim of Brevet Brigadier
General B. S. Roberts, instruct me, to report
the same back adversely, and with that report
to make this statement: the committee does
not rest its action at all upon the merits of
this particular claim, which is one for com-
pensation presented by an officer of the Army
for the use made of an invention which he
patented while be was an officer. I repeat
that, without passing upon the merits of the
claim, the committee think that this question
should not be referred to the Court of Claims,
and they think it should fall within the gen-
eral line of policy adopted by Congress in
auch cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report,
of the committee.
Mr. SPRAGUJ3. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1267) extending the time for the comple-
tion of the Portage Lake and Lake Superior
ship-canal, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and to recommend
its passage; and I ask for the consideration
of the bill at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Oh.no: that will not do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1247) for the relief of
Major Gaines Lawson, late of the fourth Ten-
nessee infantry, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to
whom were referred the petition of James A.
Bates, praying the passage of an act author-
izing the President to retire him with the full
rank of major; and the bill (S. No. 751) au-
thorizing the President to place on the retired
list the name of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
James A. Bates, captain in the United States
Army, with the full rank of major, reported
adversely thereon, and moved the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
The bill was postponed indefinitely, and
the committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition.
message fr0j1 the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the followiug bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 3443) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3520) to amend certain
provisions of the pension laws.
The message also announced that the House
had receded from its uon-concurreuce in the
amendmeut of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2255) for the relief of W. H. Kirk.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the following bills:
A bill (II, R. No. 1812) authorizing the First
National Bank of Nevvuan to change its loca-
tion and name;
A bill (H. R. No. 910) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 3425) for the relief of
II. Clay Elliott, of Henderson, Kentucky,
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate
without amendment.
A bill (S. No. 161) for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of the salt-
works near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant
to the orders of Major General Carlos Bttell;
A bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of the East
Tennessee University; and
A bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet titles to certain
lands in the State of Iowa.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (8. No. 1220) to fix the
time for holding the annua! session of the
Supreme Court of the United States, with
an amendment; in which concurrence was
requested.
The message further announced that the
House disagreed to the amendments of the-
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 333) for the
relief of Mrs M. S. Morse, ad minis tratix of
Isaac E. Morse, deceased, asked for a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Jasper Pack-
ard of Indiana, Mr. Leonard Myers of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. Thomas Swans of Mary-
land, managers at the conference on ifspart.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 2763) to provide 'a
building suited to the use of the ctlstom-house,
post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United Stages
in the city of Memphis, Tennessee, asked a
conference on She disagreeing votes of tbe
two Houses, and bad appointed Mr. Houac#
Matnatw of Tennessee, Mr. W. L. Sessions
of New York, and Mr. Erasttts Wells of
Missouri, managers at the conference on its
part.
The message also announced that tbe House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of seventy-two hundred and fifty
copies of the last report of the United States
commissioner of raining statistics, with accom-
panying engravings.
bnb0llbd bills signed.
The message further announced that Ihe
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon
signed by tbe Vice President;
An act (S. No. 964) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to amend the fifth section of an
act entitled 'An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts,' approved July 2,1862,
so as to extend the time within which the pro-
visions of said act shall be accepted and such
colleges established,'" approved July 23,1866;
An act (H. R. No. 772) to incorporate the
Loomis Aerial Telegraph Company ;
An act (H. R. No. 1S12) authorizing the
First National Bank of Newnan to change its
location and name ;
An act (H. R. No. 1841) authorizing the
removal of restrictions upon the alienations
of certain Miami Indian lands in the State of
Kansas;
An act (H. R. No, 1952) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum fur the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States,'' approved
March 21, 1866, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2266) for the relief of
W. H. Kirk;
An act t,H. R. No. 2340) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Kihe, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts;
An act (H. R. No. 2570) for the relief of
T. H. Holderness, owner of the British ship
Duke of Edinburgh;
An act \H. R. No. 2884) for the settlement
and payment of the claim of EiUaheth S.
Brewer, executrix of John Brewer ;
An act (H. 11. No. 3350) establishing post
routes in the S'ate of Maine ;
