1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
sion of the rules agreed to consider the Presi-
dent's message and the bill from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs carrying out the
recommendations of that message. Thus the
bill is brought before the House subject to the
ordinary rules..
Mr. BUTLER, of. Massachusetts. Will my
colleague be entitled to an hour after the pre-
vious question is seconded?
The SPEAKER. Of course, because this is
a bill regularly reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
admission to tiip galleries to-morrow.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to make a sugges-
tion in regard to the occupancy of the galleries
to-morrow." There are a good many strangers
in the city at this time; and it has been sug-
gested to me that there may be difficulty about
ail finding room in the galleries to-morrow
unless some arrangement be made. I there-
fore suggest (I will make a motion to that effect
if it be necessary) that the same arrangement
about the galleries be made for to-morrow that
was made for the, day on which the electoral
votes were counted, except that the galleries
be opened at half past ten instead of ten
o'clock.
, Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. May I ask
at what time the special order will come up?
The SPEAKER. Immediately after the
reading of the J.ournal.
_ Mr. L. MYERS. I agree to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] except that 1 think the latnilies of
members should have the use of the diplo-
matic gallery, as they did not have before.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the arrangement suggested by the gentleman
from Vermont will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
recess.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House take a recess until half past seven
o'clock. Before the question is put on that
motion, I wish to say that it seems to me im-
perative (and the Committee on Appropriations
are of the same opinion) that this evening,
aftei finishing the bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] we should make
some progress in considering the amendments
of the Senate to the naval and legislative
appropriation bills.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, does not
the eight hour law apply to this House ?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheel-
er.) The Chair thinks not.
Mr. TWICHELL. If we now take a recess,
will the evening session be exclusively for the
consideration of the bill of my colleague, [Mr.
Banks ?]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be
for general business.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Gakfield, of Ohio, for a recess, there
were—ayes 115, noes 53.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I now move that
the House adjourn. More than half the men
who vote to have night sessions do not attend
those sessions. We have had a call of the
House every time we have had a night ses-
sion.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, that the House ad-
journ, there were—ayes, 63, noes, 102.
Mr. YOUNG demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
withdraw the demand for the yeas and nays
on the motion for a recess, hoping this will
bring a quorum to-night.
Mr. PETERS. We will all be here to-
night.
So the motion for a recess was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at five o'clock and
twenty-three minutes p. m.) took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. m.
resumed its session, Mr. Wheeler in the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
geneva award.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table the Senate bill in re-
lation to the Geneva award and to substitute
the House bill therefor, so the bill may go
back to the Senate for their action.
Mr. RANDALL. I object until a quorum
appears.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
House bill has passed the House.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object.
Mr. .BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; that will de-
velop the ground of my objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
the ground of the gentleman's objection.
Mr. RANDALL. That there is no quorum
present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
is now acting under a suspension of the rules,
and another motion to suspend the rules is not
in order.
private land claims.
. Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, re-
ported a bill (II. R. No. 4052) in relation to
new trials iu cases of private land claims
against the United States; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed
and recommitted, not to be brought back bya
motion to reconsider.
. ORDER 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. SLATER. I ask unanimous consent
to pass a bill which has been before the Com-
mittee on Territories and received their sanc-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any legisla-
tion until there is a quorum present.
Mr. SLATER. I hope the gentleman will
not object to this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to all.
c. iienrs miser.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 4053) granting a
pension to C. Henry Miser, late private com-
pany C forty-third regiment Ohio volunteers;
which was read afirstand second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, not to be brought back
by ti motion to reconsider.
Pottawatomie' Indians.
Mr. PACKARD. I ask unanimous consent
to restore to the Speaker's table a bill which
was taken from it by mistake (S. No. 944) to
provide for the claim of the Pottawatomie
Indians residing in Michigan and Indiana.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I hope there will be
unanimous consent for me to call up Senate
bill No. 1413.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object, and move that
there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called ; and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names.
Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames, Barber, Barnum,
Barry, James B. Bock, Bigby, Biggs, Austin Blair,
Boles, Braxton. Bright, Brooks, Bunnell. Roder-
ick R. Butler, CUmpbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Creely,
Crocker, Crossland, Darrall, Dickey, DuBose, Duke,
Eldredge, Elliot, Ely, Esty, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Forker, Charles Foster, Garrett, GoHa&ay, Goodrich,
Haldpman, Hambleton, Hancock, Harmer, George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Havens Hays, Herndon,
Hill, Kellogg, King, Kinsella, Lansing, Leach, Lewis,
Lynch, McCorojifsk, MoHenry, McJunbia, McNeely,
Merrick, Benjamin F. M,eyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley,. Packer,
Perry, Poland, Potter, Prifldle, lia,iney, Bead, Ed-
ward Y. Rice, W. R. Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sheldwi, Sheilaoarger,' Sher-
wood. Shober, Shoemaker, Sleeum, Sloss, Worttaing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Speer, Stevens, Stevenson*
Sypher, Taffe, Dwighi Townsend, Tyncr, Yfin
Tramp, Vaughan, Waddell, Walden, Wallace, War-
ren, Williams of Now York, .John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young. • '
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A quorum is
present.
Mr. BANKS. I move, then', that all further
proceedings under tbe call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I now, demand the regu-
lar order of business.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the'Senate,' by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed, without
amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 4050) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the name of the steamer New England to the
City of Portland.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 1630) to remove the
political disabilities of David Coleman, of
Buncombe county; North Carolina; iu which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Nowthat
a quorum is present, I again ask that by unani-
mous consent the House bill in relation to the
Geneva award, already passed by the House,
be adopted as a substitute for the Senate bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on the regular
order.
fisheries.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order being called, the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry
into effect the provisions of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, signed
in the city of Washington the 8th day of May,
1871, relating to the fisheries. On this bill the
previous question has been seconded, aud the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr, Banks] is
entitled to the floor for one hour, to close
debate.
Mr. BANKS addressed the House. [His
remarks will be printed in the Appendix.]
Having concluded, he yielded ten minutes to
Mr. Conger.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, there are
some provisions of this treaty that never should
have entered into the treaty at all; and there
are some provisions of this bill which should
never become a law at all. I will in the brief
time permitted me call the attention of the
House to some of these provisions, and to their
injurious "effects on certain portions of the
country. I can only do it briefly, and thus
awaken attention.-
And first let me say a word in regard tothis
free fishery on our iuland lakes. For the pur-
pose of giving greater scope to the fisheries on
our Atlantic coast, this treaty makes the fish -
eries of all our inland lakes and the St. Law-
rence, and the Gulf of St. Lawrence free—
allows all tho fish caught in all of those waters
to be admitted in tbe United States free of
duty. For ono part of the treaty and of this
bill speaks of inland lakes, &c., and another of
the great lakes, &c. So that by the very treaty
itself the inland lakes are not the great lakes,
and are therefore not excepted in regard lo
fisheries. There ate upon our great lakes
alone over $2,000,000 invested in fishing boats,
fishing tackle, &c., within the borders of the
United States, and all along the Canadian
waters right opposite, and Canadian fisher-
men engaged in the same occupation, who
may by the terms of this treaty and by the
