702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 20,
An act (EE. R. No. 3362) transferring the
control of certain territorial penitentiaries to
the several Territories in which the same are
located;
An act (H. R. No. 3364) regulating the com-
pensation of the members and officers of the
Legislative Assemblies of the several Terri-
tories of the United States, and limiting the
duration thereof;
An acfc (H. R. No. 3425) for the relief of
H. Clay Elliott, of Henderson, Kentucky;
Anact(H. H. No. 3497) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to contract for the construction
of a light-draught snag-boat to ply on the Mis-
sissippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1916) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1404) for the relief of Benjamin H. Camp-
bell, marshal of the United States for the
northern district of.,the State of Illinois;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the bill,
together with a communication from the hon-
orable Attorney General on the subject to
which the bill relates, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1405) to provide for the punishment of
certaia crimes against the United States:
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A few days ago a com-
munication-was received from the Secretary
of the Treasury in answer to a resolution
which I had introduced and laid upon the
table. I ask to have that communication
taken from the table and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in connection with a
bill, which I now ask leave to introduce.
There being no objection, leave wasgranted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1406) to repeal the
law authorizing accounting officers of the
Treasury to credit disbursing officers of the
Navy and Marine corps with accidental losses;
which was read twice by its title and referred,
with the communication of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1407) for the relief of Niel Nielsson;
which was read twi<!e by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1408) to aid in the establishment of a line
of screw steamships for carrying passengers
and mails between the United States to the
Sandwich Islands, New Zealand, and Aus-
tralia ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VVINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1409) fixing a minimum price to the lands
remaining to the United States within the
limits of grants for rail or wagon-roads; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1410) for the relief of James L. Calhoun;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAGIN (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1411) fixing the pay of
civil engineers in the Navy; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1412) to establish post routes in the State
of Oregon; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1413) to authorize the appoint-
ment of a captain of scouts ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1414)
for the relief of Peter Fowlie; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1415) to restore a part of the Round
Valley Indian reservation to the public lands,
and to provide for the sale of the same ; which
was read twice'by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
telegraph lines.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Unsolved, That the Committee oa Post Offices and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into and report
to the Senate, as soon as practicable, upon the cost
and construction and present market value of the
existing telograph linos now in successful operation
within the United States: and also the character
of the franchises and special privileges connected
with such telegraphs.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to offer an
amendment to that resolution to get some
other information; therefore I wish to have it
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
skttlkrs on cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. STEWART. I desire, at the request
of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,]
to call up the bill for the relief of the settlers
on the Cherokee neutral lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will re-
quire unanimous consent, as the morning busi
ness has not yet concluded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Besides, a bill of that
character has been referred by the Senator
from Kansas himself, with sundry petitions, to
the Committee on the Judiciary, who are now
investigating the whole subject as to the rights
of those settlers, and I should hope this would
not be taken up now.
Mr. STEWART. I have received several
letters and telegrams from the Senator from
Kansas, who is very anxious that it should be
considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely what
we are endeavoring to consider at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The considera-
tion of the bill is objected to.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 17th
instant, approved and signed the following
acts:
An act (S. No. 841) for the relief of James
A. Waymire, late a second lieutenant of com-
pany M, first cavalry United States Army ; and
An act (S. No. 769) to close the accounts
of R. E. De Russy, late colonel corps of
engineers, deceased.
department of justice.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be, and he
hereby is, directed to report to the Senate as early
as practicable, the operations of the Department of
Justice far the last fiscal year, together with such
information touching the operations of the present
year as may be available.
pay op retired army officers.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire if any action on the part of
the Senate is necessary to equalize and adjust the
pay and rank of officers on the retired list of the
United States Army, and if so, that they report by
bill or otherwise.
commissioner of customs.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury fur-
nish the Senate information as to the condition of
accounts and the general business of the department
under the Commissioner of Customs, the amount of
force now employed, and what'increase, if any, is
necessary to place the business tmd accounts in
proper condition.
bills recommitted.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the vote indefi-
nitely postponing the bill (H. R. No. 2456)
granting a pension to Mary C. Griffin be recon-
sidered, for the purpose, of recommitment to
the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks unanimous consent that the
vote indefinitely postponing the pension bill
referred to by him be reconsidered, so that the
bill may be recommitted to the committee.
If there be no objection it is so ordered. The
Chair hears no objection.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (H. R. No. 1027) to perfect
navigation of the Mississippi river, now on the
Calendar, be recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands.
session 01? the supreme court.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 1220) to fix the
time for holding the annual session of the
Supreme Coujt of the United States.
Mr. C ARPENTER. I move that the Senate
concur in the House amendment. It simply
adds the usual provision that writs, &c., return-
able to the old term shall be returned to the
new as though it had not been changed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the House of Representatives, to add to the
bill the following clause:
And all actions, suits, appeals, recognizances, pro-
cess, writs, and proceedings whatever, pending or
which may be pending in said court, or returnable
thereto, shall have day therein, and be heard, tried,
proceeded with, and decided in like manner a3 if the
'V?e a said session had not been hereby
filtered.
And to amend the title of the bill by add-
ing thereto the words " and for other pur-
poses.''
The amendments were concurred in.
isaac e. morse.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief
°f Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix of Isaac
a. Morse, deceased, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. WEST, it was
Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the said bi 1, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
Houses thereon!* freeing yotes of  «">
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
achurz, Mr. Morton, and Mr. Wesi.
public building at memphis.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2763) to provide a
building suited to the use of the custom-house
post office, the pension and revenue officers'
and the judicial officers of the United States'
1theiflty°f Memphis, Tennessee, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives; and
