1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
provisions of this law bring tbeir fish into the
United .States at every port on the lakes, free
of duty, iiii'l sell tliem there free of duty.
There i& an injustice in this which will
necessarily destroy the fisheries upon the lakes,
because by the provisions of our tariff law, the
seine, the gill net, and all those materials
which are used by our fishermen, are sub-
jected to a duty of from thirty-five to forty per
cent, of their value, while Canadian fisherman
have theirs free of duty. I attempted when
(he tariff bill was up to provide a remedy for
lhis, but the House would not give its assent,
or its attention to my proposition. The injus-
tice was great against our fishermen on the
great lakes before, now it is ruinous, and I
earnestly invoke the attention of all who rep-
resent the people of the lake regions, and of
the whole House.
1 have now time only to say briefly that
there is no .State bordering upon the whole
chain of lakes and on the. St. Lawrence, or
which may receive from the river St. Law-
rence or the Gulf of St. Lawrence any of the
fish caught by Canadian fishermen into this
market, which is not seriously affected by the
provisions of this treaty and the provisions of
this bill. But, Mr. Speaker, that is not the
worst provision here. It would seem as if
those who made this treaty looked so care-
fully to the interests of foreign commerce,
they looked so carefully to the protection of
the coasting trade and the monopoly of that
coasting trade in the Atlantic Stales, and
were so utterly forgetful of the States border-
ing on the St. Lawrence and the great lakes
or the rivers running into them, that by one
sweep of the pen they would have destroyed
those interests, that they have destroyed the
mouopoly of our growing trade on the lakes,
and given it by section thirty to British ves-
sels, giving the preference to British bottoms.
1 ask gentlemen to read or to hear read the
provisions by which any class of foreign goods
on any port of entry bill, passing by land
transportation, even of one mile, through
British North America, can be taken from
American bottoms, and carried by a British
subject in a British vessel from one American
port to any other American port on the St.
Lawrence or on any of the great lakes, and
even into Lake Michigan. That is a provis-
ion I venture to say to-day in my place here,
which in my judgment will restore to Canada
the great trade of our lakes, which the indus-
try, the ingenuity, the hardihood, the enter-
prise of our lake navigators had secured to
our own shipping men on our lakes.
Section four of this bill, and I admit that it
follows the provisions of the treaty, and there-
fore I desire that this provision of the treaty
shall never be carried into effect by law, pro-
vides that:
AH subjects of Her Britannic Majesty may camr
in British vessels, without payment of duty, goods,
wares o. merchandise from one port or plac:e. w.thm
the territorv of the Irnited States, upon the St. kaw
reiicethe great lakes, and the riyew connecting the
same.'to another port or]place within theteirrrtory
of the United States, as aforesaid: _ Piovuied, in at
•1 portion of such transportation is made t^on^h
the Dominion of Canada by land carnage and in
bond. .
Now any goods landed at Portland, Maine,
for transportation to any part of British North
America that passes by railroad through any
part of Canada, may be landed at Ogdensburg,
and thus taken to Buffalo, Toledo, Detroit,
Marquette, or to Dulutb. The whole of that
trade may be taken in British bottoms.
There is an immense amount of it. amount-
nig to millions of dollars annually, which is
now carried in American ships from one Amer-
ican port to another, which, under this treaty
and law, mav be earned entirely in British
bottoms. It'is the greatest blow ever struck
at the commerce of the interior chain of lakes
and of the St. Lawrence, and if it be enacted
into a law, I advise gentlemen here that all the
States bordering upon the lakes and upon the
St. Lawrence, all tlio shippers on those lakes,
all those who work in our ship-yards and in
building our vessels, all those whose energy,
money, and enterprise have for years been
exerted in the effort to secure to Americans
the carrying trade of these vast inland seas is
swept away from them by one simple act of
legislation proposed to be carried through here
to-night. And for what? What excuse is
there that we shonld enter into a treaty for
the destruction of this vast carrying trade
in which thirteen of the States of this Union
are directly and immediately interested?
I know this is in the treaty; I know that
these provisions were incorporated in it; but
I know that since that treaty was prepared and
acted on, this Congress has passed laws for
interior ports of entry that relate not only to
the ports of our lakes but that will reach that
class of bonded goods which may go through
any- portion of Canada to all the interior ports
of entry provided for by the laws which webave
passed during the last year. We extended
the system of interior ports of entry to St.
Louis, Cincinnati, Evaiisville, and many other
interior ports.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I moved to adjourn this
afternoon in order that I might have time to
call the attention of gentlemen interested in
New York, New England, and in our great
lakes to the fact that this bill takes away a
large portion of the carrying trade of the St.
Lawrence and of the great lakes and hands it
over for twelve long years to British bottoms
and British citizens.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question.
Mr. CONGER. Will it come out of my
time?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
Mr. CONGER. Then ask it quickly.
Mr. COX. It is, whether in the gentleman's
opinion by this treaty fish will be made
cheaper to the American people, whether by
transportation in British bottoms transport-
ation is made cheaper to the American people ?
Mr. CONGER. I cannot see that they are.
I can tell the gentleman that the fishermen on
my lake can catch as much fish as the Cana-
dians on the other side of the river and can
sell them as cheaply, bat we tax the materials
which the fishermen use and gentlemen here
have refused to remove those taxes.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Oh, no; not on
this side of the House.
Mr. COX. We have always voted to take
those duties off.
Mr. CONGER. Gentlemen, the record will
show. By the law as it is now the fresh fish
caught on the Canada side are brought in free
of duty and compete with our own fishermen
at our own doors. Why enlarge their priv-
ileges? And why give the carrying trade of
our lakes and the St. Lawrence or any part of
it to British vessels in our own coasting trade?
I want to close by saying that if two sec-
tions are left out of the bill it will meet
my approval and will not work so much injury
to people all along the lakes and the St. Law-
rence river. I have attempted to protect the
rights of our fishermen and of our shippers
ou the lakes, but if such a bill must be fqreed
through. on ten nnnutca
hour's discussion, I must leave to others the
rcspon ^ s^ou|(j be amen(3ed, and I hope it
may
Mr. BANKS. I now yield ten minutes to
my colleague on the committee from Vermont,
FMr. Wii-lard.] t . .
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a request of the House. W hen the
nrevious question was ordered on this bill this
afternoon, I doubt whether the House was
fully aware of the importance^ some ot the
questions presented by the bill or it would
have been ready to give further time for its
consideration. , ,
It. seems to me entirely improbable that the
House this evening will be able to make any
notice and one brief
advance in any other legislation than this. I
therefore ask unanimous consent of the House
that the debate on this bill may be extended
one hour. I do not ask the time for myself,
for I shall want but ten or fifteen minutes
of it.
Mr. HALE. Allow me tot say one word as
a reason for objecting!, for I do not want to
seem to*be in the way of business. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations are ready to go on
to-night with two of the appropriation bills
after this business is disposed of, bills that
have come from the Senate with amendments.
It is likely that this evening will probably be
the only time that this Honse Will have an
opportunity for considering those bills for days.
To-morrow the report of the Poland com-
mittee comes up for consideration.
Mr. AMBLER. I hope the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] will withdraw bis objec-
tion. There certainly is no more important
question before the House than the one pre-
sented by this bill. I trust the Committee on
Appropriations will not always stand in the
way of the other business of this. House.
Mr. WILLARD. I move then to suspend
the rules so as to extend the time for discus-
sion upon this bill one hour.
Mr. SARGENT. That motion is not now
in order. Let the gentleman say half an
hour, and I think there will be no objection.
Mr. HALE. I will not object with the un-
derstanding that the vote shall be take® at the
end of the additional half hour.
Mr. CONGER. I object to it.
Mr. WILLARD. Then I make the motion
that the rules be suspended so as to extend
the debate for one hour,
Mr. BANKS. That motion is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why is
it not in order?
Mr. BANKS. I hold the floor on this bill;
and I do not yield to the gentleman for any
such motion. I yielded to him for ten min-
utes for debate only.
Mr. DAWES. At the end of the hoar now
being occupied for debate the motion to sus-
pend the rules can be made.
Mr. WILLARD. If the time is not to be
extended I shall be obliged to refrain from
addressing the House at any length, as 1 prefer
that the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler, j who is prepared and desires to speak,
shall have as much time as possible to speak
upon this bill. I desire briefly to call attention
to the concluding part of the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs laid upon our
tables this evening, in which it is stated that
the committee unanimously recommend the
passage of this bill. I am not aware that the
committee have made such recommendation.
I have been present at all the meetings of the
committee, and I know I never agreed to that
recommendation, and my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ambler,] also never agreed to any such report.
Mr. BANKS. Both the gentlemen agreed
that the report should be made, reserving
their right to oppose the bill on the floor ot
the House. , .
Mr. AMBLER. I beg pardon ; the chair-
man of the'eommittee is mistaken. I opposed
this report, and at the time endeavored to get
an expression of opinion from the committee
whether it did or did not favor the bill. And
tbe record of the committee will show that 1
voted against it, as I think also did my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Willard.]
Mr BANKS. I know the gentleman is
opposed to it, but I understood, and I think
the other members of the coniuntte under-
stood, that I had authority to report the bill to
the House. ,
Mr. AMBLER. No doubt about that, but
that authority was not unanimous.
Mr. WILLARD. I shall be obliged to state
in the briefest manner some objections I have
to this bill. In the first place I do not think
