1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
the treaty-making power has the right to make
tariff's. I cannot enlarge upon tbat subject in
the few moments which I propose to occupy,
but I state it as my opinion that the regulation
of the tariff has never been confided by the
Constitution, or by any practice, to the treaty-
makng power. I call the attention of the
House to an extract from a report made to the
Senate by Mr. Choate, of Massachusetts, when
he was a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs of tbe Senate, which report was after-
ward indorsed by Mr. Archer, of Virginia, who
was a member of the same committee. In
reporting adversely to the Senate what was
called the Zollverein treaty, Mr. Choate, in
that report, said :
"The committee, then, arenot prepared to sanction
so large an innovation o£ the ancient and uniform
practice in respect to the department of the Govern-
ment by which duties on imports shall be imposed;
that the Constitution in express terms delegates the
power to Congress to regulate commerce and impose
duties, and to no other, and that the control of
trade and funotion of taxing belong without abridg-
ment or participation to Congress."
Now this Washington treaty, if it attempts
to do anything, attempts to regulate the tariff
on fish. If the President and Senate may
regulate the tariff on fish they may also regulate
the tariff on wool, or on iron, or on any other
commodity or import. If the House of Rep-
resentatives agrees here to the conclusion that
the treaty-making power may so far control the
legislation of this country as to put on or take
off tariffs, then the control of the House of
Representatives over that question is gone
entirely.
I object to the bill for another reason, which
will be stated, I have no doubt, at some length
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] and that is, that this treaty, so far
as it deals with the fisheries, destroys them
entirely. We get not only no compensation
for what we give, but we practically, by this
bill, strike a death-blow at our entire fishery
interest. If I have any time remaining 1 yield
it to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler. j
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, how much
time has the gentleman from Vermont remain-
ing?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheel-
er.) Five minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Then I yield ten minutes to
my colleague, [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,]
which will give him in all fifteen minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House. [His remarks will be printed in
the Appendix.]
Mr. BANKS. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the American
fisherman has always had a hard time. In the
old colonial period he was fighting with the
French, and had no certain rights. Immedi-
ately after the Declaration of Independence
there arose questions of doubt as to the extent
of these privileges, and there never was any
certainty in that regard. As years went by and
wars came upon us he was drawn upon as the
nucleus for the American Navy, and fought
the battles of the American people on the sea
When that was over he went back to his ruined
vocation. Congress at last, recognizing his
claims, gave him bounty largely for a series
of years, because he was engaged in so dan-
gerous a vocation and was the nucleus of the
American Navy. But after a time that bounty
was taken off, and for ten years during the
existence of the reciprocity treaty he struggled
with a competition that ruined him. And
now, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] has said, here is a result of the
Washington treaty. This great interest of
itself, perhaps, as has been said, of more
value than all that is covered by the Geneva
award, is again struck at.
Sir, there are all along the coast of Massa-
chusetts and of the State of Maine and of my
own district men who believe and know that
if this is carried out their vocation is gone,
not simply crippled, but that they are ruined.
There are the fishermen themselves ; there are
men of enterprise and business, who have had
large capital invested in this enterprise for
years past, and who must leave it immediately
if this measure is passed. While, therefore,
I recognize some international comity in this
regard, I do not believe it enough to justify us
in striking down this great interest of the
nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. To break the solemnity of
this occasion I yield now to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.] [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I propose to treat this matter
with some solemnity. I never believed that
tbe Washington treaty and the Geneva confer-
ence, where we went in for two or three hundred
million dollars and came out with $15,000,000,
was a very large thing to brag about, and when
the gentlemen on the opposite side, in the
Philadelphia platform, made their big boast-
ings about it, it seemed to me that in the result
they came out at the small end of the horn;
but here is an advance on the fishery question
which I am proud to recognize, and especially
since the speeches of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] and the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] I am proud- to
say that men of liberal ideas on both sides of
the House are willing to sustain any policy
which will cheapen codfish and mackerel.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] says
that the fishermen have always had a hard
time of it. Why, sir, since I have been in
Congress they have had bounties paid to them.
They have always had bounties under the pre-
tense that they were going to enter the Navy.
We gave them bounties on codfish. Hard times!
when every single pound of fish bought by the
people for the last sixty years has had to pay
a bounty to the fishermen. Now, when we
are doing something to bring Canada to order,
when we are trying to have something like real
reciprocity in the carrying trade which will
cheapen transportation and commodities, when
we are making a large advance in the inter-
est of commercial liberality, gentlemen repre-
senting local interest come here and place
impediments in the way of carrying out a
solemn treaty which we are bound to carry out.
I speak with earnestness and solemnity, and I
say that I believe the members on this side of
the House are glad to extend their hands in
this business toward the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I beg the attention of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] be-
cause he was the most solemn of all who have
spoken. His alarm arises from the fact that
fish is to be brought in free of duty, and that
the fisheries of the lakes will be destroyed.
Unfortunately for him the provision of the
treaty and of the bill is that fish of all kinds,
except fish from the inland lakes and the rivers
falling into them, shall be free of duty He
cannot be deprived of paying just as much
increase in the price of fish as he desires to
pay on account of the treaty or of this bill.
Mr. CONGER. I beg the gentleman's
pardon 
Mr. BANKS. I cannot go into a colloquy
with the gentleman. In regard to the transport-
ation of merchandise, his argument is just as
fallacious, for the only provision in regard to
the transit of merchandise is that where a
British merchant wants to transport merchan-
dise from one point to another, and to pass
through a segment of our territory, it shall not
be subject to duty. That is a great advantage
to us because the same rule applies to mer-
chandise transported from one point to another
where it is necessary to cut across a little seg-
ment of British territory, because we can do
it free of duty. Where is the harm of a pro-
vision of this kind ?
Mr. CONGER. Let me ask the gentleman
a question ?
Mr. BANKS. No, I cannot; the gentle-
man is too solemn for me. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman asked me
a question.
Mr. BANKS. No; I forbore expressly to
ask any question, because as a Yankee I know
that when a question is asked there must be
a reply to it. I simply said I wanted to make
an observation, and to get his attention, and I
am glad I have got his attention.
Mr. CONGER. Allow me to state 
Mr. BANKS. No. These same provisions
were in the reciprocity treaty of 1854.
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] must not
interrupt the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] without his consent.
Mr. CONGER. I beg pardon of the Chair ;
I shall interrupt the gentleman when he calls
upon me for an answer.
Mr. BANKS. I did not call upon the gen-
tleman for an answer; that is the very thing I
do not want. These same provisions were in
the treaty of 1854, and I call the attention of
this House to the fact that the fishermen of
the Atlantic coast and the fishermen of the
lakes never made one word of complaint dur-.
ing the ten years the reciprocity treaty of 1854
was in operation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
could not.
Mr. BANKS. They had none to make;
that was the reason.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means.
Mr. BANKS. And in regard to the trans-
portation of merchandise, the other point, con-
cerning which the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Conger] complains, the same provisions
were in the treaty of 1864, and so far from
being an injury, it was the greatest period of
prosperity we have ever had.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman will not, I s
suppose, permit that statement to be denied ? i
Mr. BANKS. In 1854, at the time the re-
ciprocity treaty first went into operation, the
breadstuffs imported into this country from
the British provinces amounted to $11,000,000,
imported into the western States, and we ex-
ported only $1,500,000. In 1864, after that
treaty had been in operation for ten years, we
imported $6,000,000 and exported $9,500,000.
In 1854, the first year of the reciprocity treaty,
the city of Chicago exported less than $8,000,-
000 worth, and after ten years of that treaty
she exported $41,500,000. In 1864 the lum-
ber trade of the United States was $100,000,000,
of which we imported from the British prov-
inces less than $90,000 worth. And this great
increase will result.to the Northwest from the
provisions df this treaty as it did under the
treaty of 1854.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him if merchandise was allowed to
be carried in British bottoms from one Ameri-
can port to another ?
Mr. BANKS. No; that is a provision we
have adopted in this treaty, and hope to in-
duce other nations to adopt it. We have
authorized the importing merchants of Michi-
gan, of Illinois, of Missouri, of any of the
western States, to import from foreign nations
directly to their own chief cities without break-
ing bulk and without ev.en making apprais-
ment. It is a new theory which has grown
up since the reciprocity treaty of 1854 was
annulled. That is to be done under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now we propose to extend the same priv-
ilege that we have extended to the people
of the West to import to their own ports
from whatever foreign port in the world they
may choose; we extend this principle, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to the British provinces, and we get it from
them in return. It is to be under the direction
of the Secrectary of the Treasury. Does my
colleague [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts]
