1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1665
doubt—no ; I will not put it in tbat form. My
colleague cannot deny that the Secretary of
the Treasury will in this matter protect the
interests of the people of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
not deny it; I know that he cannot.
Mr. BANKS. Then comes the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Willard] with a solemn
objurgation, and resuscitates a report of Mr.
Choate, who was an excellent and an eloquent
man, and shows us that Mr. Choate said that
the regulation of the tariff was a legislative
power. That is the reason why we have
brought in this bill for your action ; that is the
reason why we have invited you to come here
to-night to legislate upon the subject of the
tariff. We do not mean to assert or imply
that a tariff can be changed by a treaty. But
when a treaty is made, and the honor of the
Government is pledged to the execution of
that treaty, then every honest man it seems
to me is obliged to do what he can to redeem
that pledge. ♦
My colleague [Mr. Bctler, of Massachu-
setts] says that he has not time to discuss
this bill, that it is a mockery that a bill should
be passed with only ten minutes of discussion.
Yet, for an hour and a half to-day he, with-
out right and without any authority at all, in-
terloped an argument upon a question affect-
ing the honor of the best men of the country,
or the men who recently had stood highest in
the affections of the people, ending his argu-
ment of an hour and a half with a motion to
lay on the table.
There is no "mockery" in that; that is a
solemn business. - But when we give him and
his friends as much time as we take ourselves
upon this treaty, the gentleman calls it a
"mockery."
Let me say a word upon the great loss which
it is alleged the country is to suffer from the
importation of fish free of duty. I do not
takeupon myselfthe responsibility of this legis-
lation. I was not in favor of this treaty. If
I had had a vote upon the subject, it would
have been against it; and I say to these gen-
tlemen tbat the people of this country who do
not like this treaty will look to those through
whom and by whom it was brought upon the
country and will hold them, not me respon-
sible.
" Thou can'st not say I did it; never shake
Thy gory looks at me."
My colleague says that the canals which we
are entitled to use under this treaty have always
been in use, and he brings forward a letter
from somebody in some place, saying that we
have always had the right to use the Welland
canal. Very likely we have; but not as of
right. The treaty gives us the use of that
canal as a matter of right. We can never get
that use as of right except by treaty. We have
the right under the treaty to the use of that
canal, and also to the navigation of the St.
Lawrence, tbat great river for which our fore-
fathers contended from the foundation of the
Government. We have never enjoyed the
navigation of that river as of right until it
was conceded to us in the treaty ot Washing*
ton. or in the preceding treaty, that ot 1854.
But why does the gentleman speak ot the
Welland canal ? Does he not know that through
the influence of this treaty we have the advan-
tage of four or five principal lines ot naviga-
tion extending from tour to five thousand miles,
with thirteen canals, three hundred miles in
length ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By pay-
ing for them.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, by paying for them.
Does the gentleman desire to have anything
tbat does not belong to him unless he pays for
it ? [Laughter.] Then in regard to the navi-
gation of the St. Lawrence, does not my col-
league know that with that we get lines of
navigation four or five thousand miles ia length
that will never cost us one dollar either to
protect or keep up? We get five thousand
J"it> Co.vu. oi> Seas.- No. 105.
miles of navigation that we have been strug-
gling for from the foundation of the-Govern-
ment, with no obligation on our part except
to pay for that which we use and which belongs
to another; and this, in my judgment, is not
a hard condition.
The gentleman says further that there is a
great deal of smuggling. Mr. Speaker, if
there is smuggling, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can cut it off as soon as he pleases. If
the laws are violated, he may suspend the
operation of these provisions of the treaty.
But does my colleague mean to say that those
"Bluenoses" can circumvent us and destroy
the people of this country by their superior
capacity ortheirgreater enterprise and bravery?
Can they overreach the people of the West,
so valiantly defended by my honorable friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who gets up
here with the mistaken idea that anything ever
passed this House that was obnoxious to
Michigan or the Northwest. [Laughter.] He
ought to know, as I know, that before we do
anything in this House, we always get his con-
sent and the consent of his fellows. [Laugh-
ter.]
Before I conclude I want to ask the atten-
tion of my colleague who represents the fish-
ermen to the fact that if this treaty should
remain unexecuted, the fishermen will have
no right of fishery within three miles of shore.
Every man knows that when the fisherman
strikes fish five, or seven, or ten miles out,
and the fish run in toward the shore, he wants
to follow them; he must follow them. But at
present, in doing so he is obliged to turn back
as soon as he reaches the three-mile line.
This treaty gives him the right to fish without
regard to the distance from shore, the same
right that we had when colonies of Great
Britain.
More than that, this treaty will reestablish
the commerce of this country, because by rea-
son of the right to cure fish upon the land of
the provinces, as provided for in the treaty, we
shall be enabled to make those mixed cargoes
which will give us the control of the commerce
of the West Indies, from which our fathers
were enriched twenty-five or fifty years ago.
It will resuscitate our commerce.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time allotted for
debate has expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules to have this debate ex-
tended for half an hour—half an hour will do
me to answer this stuff.
Mr. BANKS. 1 ask for the vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the motion, and I believe I atn in order.
Mr. BANKS. We are acting under a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No;
that was to bring it before the House.
Mr. CONGER. Is it in order to move to
lay it on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CONGER. Then I make that motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. Is not my motion in
order'?'
The SPEAKER. The Chair has enter-
tained such motions. The gentleman from
Massachusetts moves to suspend the rales so
he may speak for half an hour on this ques-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, not
that; but to have the debate extended for half
an hour.
The question was put to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks two
thirds have not voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts
demand a division.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
49, noes 11. , T i r
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. I ask lor
five minutes. .
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Then I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Congee] moves to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr.. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was
there a quorum on the last vote.
The SPEAKER. There was not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
we will have a vote according to law.
Mr. COX. Too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not say
that, and will appoint Mr. Cox, and Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts, tellers.
The .Ho,use again divided on the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to suspend the
rales to extend the debate for half an hour;
and the tellers reported—ayes 82, noes 49.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the rules were not suspended.
The question next recurred on Mr. Cogger's
motion to lay the bill on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 29,
noes 88.
Mr. CONGER. I will not ask the yeas and
nays on that question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is that a
quorum ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Does the gentle-
man insist on a further count?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CONGER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment to the title of the bill.
The SPEAKER. This is not the time to
do that..
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 145, nays 30, not
voting 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Averill. Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bigby, Bingnam,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boarman, Boles,
Braxton, Bright. Buckley, Bunnell, Burchard, Bar-
dett, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobum, Cogh-
lan, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crobs, Oriteher, Cross-
land, Darrali, Davis, DuBose. Duell.Duke, Eidredge,
Elliott. Esty, Fmkelnburg, Frye, Garfield,Barrett,
Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Goodrich, Grittith, Hal-
sey, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, George
E. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph K. Hawley,
Hay. Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hereford, ilerndon, Hibbard.llill, Hoar, Holman,
Houghton, Kelley, Kendal), Kerr, Ketcham, KUI-
inger. King, Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lowe,
Lynch, Maclntyre, Manson, Marshall, Maynard,
McCrary, McGrow, McHenry, McJunkm, Merriam,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, JNegley,
Orr, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac 0.
Parker, Peroe, Perry, Peters, Porter, Potter, :Price,
Edward Y. Bice. John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts.
Robinson, Sion H. Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, feco-
field, Seeley, Sssions, Shanks, Sheldon, bheila-
barger, Shobcr, Slater, H. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Snyder. Sprague, Stevenson, Storm,
Stowell, St. John. Swann, Terry, rbomas, Wash-
ington Townsenl, Tuthill, Twiehell.,
Voorhees, Wadiell, Wakemar. Walden, WaUace,
Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
^ZyS—Meafrs. Ambler, Bell, Bird, Buffinton,
Benjamin F. Butler, Conger, Dawes. Doads, Don-
nan, Dos, Dunnell, Eames, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Hale, Kellogg, McClelland, Morgan,
William E. Niblack, Peck, Pendleton, Rainey, Ran-
dall William R. Roberts. John Rogers, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Turner, Waldron, and il-
^NOT'VoTINGI—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames,
Barnum, Barry, James B. Beck. Biggs, Brooks,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Creely.
Crocker. Dickey, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell. Forker,
Henry D. Foster, Haldeman, Hambleton, Harmer,
John T. Harris, Havens, Hooper, Kinsella, Lansing,
Lewis, McCormick, McKee, McKinney.
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Srias L. Niblack, Packer, Piatt, Poland. Prmdle,
Read, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sherwood, Shoe-
maker Sloeum, Sloss, Worthingtoa C. Smith,
Snapp, Speer, Stevens, Sutherland, bypher Taffe,
Dirtght Townsend, Van Trump, Vaughan. Warren,
Williams of New York, Winchester, and Wood-«S.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. UPSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Monroe, was detained from the House on
account of sickness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
