706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
to be supported, I would make them pro-
ducers ; instead of heaping burdens upon the
industries of the people and paralyzing their
energies by exhaustive taxes levied to keep
them, I would have rather the people free
from this yearly drain upon their resources,
and the Government administered in the in-
terest of peace and of civil liberty. I would
have the people more contented and prosper-
ous, and, growing daily stronger in their devo-
tion to their country and its institutions, would
be ever ready to defend themselves against all
"aggressors, and by their increasing prosperity
be able to do it. It would be in peace, by
husbanding the resources of the citizen and
securing to him the enjoyment of his property,
that I would oreate a solid wealth and a sub-
stantial Power ample and potent enough for
any emergency that could ever require so great
and powerful a people as we are to meet.
Our continental position and our present
manifested and prospectivepoweralike prevent
aggression. W e have no colonial possessions
to protect and maintain, and therefore no occa-
sion for the incidents which almost always
accompany such possessions.
Englishmen may justify the necessity oftbeir
large navy, and may without grumbling endure
the heavy expense in maintaining it, not only
because of Englaiid'sproximity to nations hith-
erto in antagonism to her, and always fully
armed, but because of the small area of her
island home and of her vast colonial posses-
sions, and the largest of them most unfriendly
to her rule. The magnificence of her empire,
if not its real strength, depends upon these
possessions, and the most valuable of them to
her are held to-day by her military power.
The very reverse of all this is our own en-
viable condition. Our great continental situ-
ation, area, power, and resources prevent all
motive on the part of other nations to attempt
to injure us either at home or abroad, while
they naturally bring to us immunity from the
antagonisms and interests and complications
of other nations. Peace and security belong
to us by the laws of nature, if we will only
have them ; and of philosophy, if we will but
follow its wise teachings.
In the kind of peace I have described and
which I would have, we are always preparing
for war; not, it may be, on the sudden occa-
sion, but in the timely progress of it, a success-
ful and triumphant issue is beyond all doubt.
But, Mr. President, if we are to take this
maxim in the sense that military men use it
and would have it applied, then the mainten-
ance or increase of either the Array or Navy
I would subject to this limitation, that in the
case of the Navy I would prepare the mate-
rials for construction. I would even have
the timbers ready for the classes of vessels
likely to be required for the service, and
also even the iron in sections ready for con-
struction. The timbers will only get better by
age if properly kept, and the iron will not be
injured, so that we can be always ready for
construction while the largest part of the
material is getting better fitted for use and
none is getting worse, and at the same time,
and until needed either by probable or actual
necessity, we may have the advantage of ail
improvements made or discovered in the mean
time.
Now, some of our wooden ships are rotting
down because of bad timber, and our iron-clads
are rusting out. Many of them were built at
a vast expense aud were sold for a mere song.
Some of our iron vessels, built in the most
lavish style, were sold for about the value of
old iron. Immense sums have been made, I
do not doubt, by individuals who have bought
these vessels after they wero so built by the
Government.
By thus preparing the material for the con-
struction of a navy we will have 110 trouble in
pooh putting on fool a good one. When I
look to the prospective peace which for along
time must prevail, unless we change our policy
and become aggressive, when the time does
come to equip a fleet it will be made out of
the best material on earth.
Mr. President, I do hear at times this ad-
vanced as a reason for the increase of the
Navy : that our population and commerce are
increasing, and therefore the necessity of in-
creasing the Navy to keeppaee with both. In
respect to the increase of our population, the
very reverse would be the logical conclusion;
for as our population increases, proportionately
our material strength is increased, and the
the power thus attained goes along with our
increasing commerce into every sea and sur-
rounds it with every security.
There was a time, perhaps, when our States,
comparatively few and feeble, and liable to
insult and exposed to wrong because of our
very weakness; when all the world nearly was
in arms, either under or against Napoleon;
when our commerce on every sea was vexed
and harassed with the belligerent pretensions
of warring nations ; when the Gulf of Mexico
and adjacent waters and the Indian seas were
infested by pirates, and the commerce of th e
Mediterranean was subject to tribute by the
Barbary Powers—I repeat, there was a time,
then, perhaps, when a navy commensurate with
the times might have been justified, although
taxing to an exhausting extent the resources
of the country. But when strong and power-
ful, and when respected if not feared at home
and abroad ; when our prodigious military
capacity has been so recently manifested to
the world and our resources demonstrated to
be almost exhaustless, and if required for any
emergency used without restraint or complaint,
how is it that we should need these large
armaments rather now than then ?
Mr. President, we do not; we need less now
than we did then, and as a comment upon all
I say the less we need the hetter, and the less
we have of them the better infinitely for the
country.
Mr. President, I think that I may safely
defy those gentlemen who favor the measure
before the Senate, let it be considered either
an increase or a substitution in the Navy, to
point out any wrongs committed upon our
commerce by any foreign nations since the
general peace of 1815 that our Navy was not
able at anytime to redress. In this, of course,
I may be permitted to except whatever oc-
curred during our late civil war, regarding all
that as an episode in our history to be cited for
nothing.
From 1815 down to the present time, fifty-
seven years, what wrongs were ever perpetrated
upon either our commerce or our citizens by
any foreign Power or people that required
redress at all by naval interference that the
third of our naval establishment at the weakest
period of its existence would not haveanswered
every purpose ? Prom that time down to this
not a force of ten frigates was ever required in
this respect and for any such purpose, outside
of war itself. In fact, so few such wrongs have
ever been committed since the peace of 1815
that history almost fails to recount any, and
memory upon the moment fails to remember
any at all. What a refreshing contrast to the
troubles before, and for years and centuries
before? While it speaks strongly as to the
past in this beneficent and happy change
it speaks more strongly still to the future,
and against these great naval establishments.
The American policy of non-intervention,
or a strict adherence to everything honor-
able, just, and right in our foreign relations,
an appreciation of our back-lying power arid
resources, together with the acknowledged
necessity of all maritime countries keeping
their own coasts or borders secure to com-
merce, as well their own as that of all other
nations, give us more security upon the seas
than the Navy would ever do in any condition.
Remember, during all this time of peace aud
of safety we had 110 Navy, according to the
notions of some gentlemen, worth the name,
and as compared with those of England and
France none at all. True in this time, notwith-
standing the peace and security that everywhere
prevailed, I admit that we have had altercations
and collisions with outside people, but for what
purpose precisely,whether for the protection of
our people or commerce,or whether to show that
like other nations we can be also arrogant
with power, I am not now disposed to inquire.
In illustration, however, of this I just now re-
member our recent trouble with the Coreans,
peninsula people said by the officers engaged
in it to be subject to the emperor of China,
from whom they say they got permission to ex-
plore and survey the inner waters or harbors of
this peninsula. In doing this, we are informed,
our surveying party was interrupted and fired
upon by the Coreans, as it was roost naturally
to have been expected from their conduct in
not giving notice to these people of their objects
or in any way obtaining their consent. Our
ships at once opened fire, battered down their
fortifications, and killed and wounded several
hundred of them; after which exploit they aban-
doned the survey and sailed away and have not
since returned to thepeninsula to complete their
explorations, and which, too, must either have
been considered of sufficient national import-
ance to justify the hazard and consequences
of such action, or the whole thing must have
originated iu the pretentious spirit of a strong
Power intermeddling with the affairs of a
weak people. Nor do I believe that this Gov-
ernment will allow our vessels to return to
this place to prosecute the objects which got
up the trouble and caused so much blood to
be shed ; and, while I presume that the officer
in charge will not be reprimanded for his con-
duct, neither he nor any other will be authorized
to continue this survey. The truth is that the
Navy is beginning to rival the Army. This
indefensible and discreditable massacre of
Coreans is not far behind that of the famous
Piegan Indian massacre, and all resulting from
causes naturally growing out of our large
naval and military establishment—larger than
any needs of the country require at this time ;
and having nothing to do, and filled with am-
bition, as they cannot in the condition of
things attain a' real fame in hard service, they
will have a sensational one in any service.
Our ships abroad are beginning to be as our
ministers abroad. They are always engaged
in magnifying themselves among foreign na-
tions, while at the same time they are intent
on not being forgotten at home. As the same
springs of action move both, I would reduce
both almost to.a fraction when compared to
the number we now have, especially of our
foreign ministers and agents, and I believe
the result would show that our relations with
other nations would be more peaceful and lesa
complicated and that, our dignity and char-
acter as a republican people would be better
preserved and more forcibly impressed upon
the foreign mind.
But to return, Mr. President, I again in-
quire, in all this time what has been done de-
rogatory to our honor or dignity as a nation,
01 °£xr lnterests as 8 commercial people, that
our Navy has not always been able to redress ?
Not, mind you, I admit it, to aggregate fleets to
meet in combat the large fleets of Europe,
for that we never pretended to nor do we now
in the building of these vessels. Not at all.
We want no such fleets, no such armaments.
No one I apprehend upon this floor, I can
safely say, pretends to inaugurate such a stu-
pendous folly or inflict so great a wrong upon
the old time-honored American policv. Then
the past is secure, and there is nothing to por-
tend that the present is not also as secure as
the past. Why not the future ? Then, why, why
this increase ? The Navy is stronger far than
it ever was before in time of peace. As many
not more ships, either in active service or
laid up or repairing. Large fleets in service,
it is said, too, that we have not as many guns •
but in answer it can be said that we have
