1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the title of the bill; but before the
question is takeu on that, I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered]; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the title was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CATTARAUGUS INDIANS.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present a report from a committee of
conference.
The Clerk read as follows'
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. E. No. 2264) to authorize the Cattaraugus
and Alleghany Indians in New York to lease lands,
confirm leases, and to quiet title to their lands, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows, to wit: -
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the Senate amendments, and agree to the same
with the following amendments, to wit:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following: *
Section 1. That the Cattaraugus and Alleghany
Indians, located on the Cattaraugus and Alleghany
reservations, in the State of New York, are hereby
authorized by a resolution of their council, accord-
ing to their system of government, to lease any of
their lands on said reservations for village or town
lots, for the purpose of erecting thereon private
residences, business houses, shops, and factories,
and also the right of way to railroads into or through
their lands, not more than one hundred feet in
width; said leases to be for a term of not more
thjin twelve years, subject to renewal from time to
time for a period not longer than twelve years, with
a readjustment of the rates of rent, the said rents
now duo or hereafter to become due, of all kinds, to
bo paid annually to the United States Indian agent
for said Indians, and distributed by him per capita
among said Indians, and accounted for under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Interior may
presoribo; and all leases heretofore made by said
Indians in council, or by individual Indians, for the
purposes aforesaid, are hereby confirmed for the
unexpired period of said leases, not exceeding six
years from tho passage of this act, and subject to
renewal as in the ease of new leases hereinbefore
provided for; and the said Indian agent shall have
authority to recover in his own name, as agent, all
ol said rents due, or horpafter to become due, in
an action at law in any court of competent jurisdic-
tion : and in caso the said lessors and lessees cannot
agree upon the amount of said rents to be paid by
any lessee, then the said Indians in council shall
choose a person and the lessee shall choose a per-
son; and if they cannot agree upon tho amount of
said rents, then the saidretereos shall choose a third
person, and the amountagreedupon by said referees,
or a majority of them, shall be tho amount of the
rent to be paid by said lessee.
Sec. 2. The President of theTJnited States is here-
by authorized to ncgotiato with the said Indians
residing upon the said reservations for a cession to
the United States of the easterly portion of the said
Alleghany reservation, containing not moro than
fifteen thousand acres of land, to be set off in a com-
pact tract,' commencing at the eastern boundary of
said Alleghany reservation, and including the vil-
lages of Sal'amahca; said cession to be approved by
srtid Indians by a majority vote of all the male In-
dians on said reservations, twenty-one years old
and upward, at an election to be held for that pur-
pose, due notice thereof being given. The President
aforesaid is hereby directed to appoint three com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be to cause the above-
described land to bo surveyed into tarm and town
lots of convenient size; but farm lots not to exceed
forty acres; and after appraisement of the value of
said lots by said commissioners, exclusive of the
improvements put'thereon by white settlers or rail-
road corporations holding as lessees under color of
title from said Indians, to sell tho same at public
auction, for not less than the appraised value, to the
highest bidder for cash, and the United States Gov-
ernment shall execute a patent therefor to said pur-
chaser or his assigns: Provided, That any settler or
railroad corporation owning the improvements
thereon shall have the prior right to purchase the
lot or lots owned by them, and held under color
of title as aforesaid, at the appraised value; and in
case such lot or lots so purchased shall not be paid
for within ninety days after notification-of the ap-
praisal of the said lot or lots, shall be sold to the
highest bidder as aforesaid, at not less than the said
appraised value, including the appraised value of
the improvements thereon; and any Indian may
purchase the lot upon which his improvements exist,
not exceeding forty acres, at the appraised value,
exclusive of the improvements ; and in case of his
failure to make such purchase and payment within
ninety days, the said lot, including improvements
thereon, shall be sold to the highest bidder, and the
value of his improvements on any such lot shall be
paid to him out of the proceeds of such sale.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
pay, out of any money in theTreasury not other-
wise appropriated, to the owners of the preemption
right or fee to the said Alleghany and Cattaraugus
reservations, upon their relinquishing their title to
such reservations to the said Indians, or to the Secre-
tary of the Interior for their benefit, in.such form and
manner as the Attorney General may prescribe, the
appraised value of the .said preemption right or fee,
not exceeding three dollars per acre, of the contents
of the said two reservations, such value to be ascer-
tained by said commissioners.
Sec. 4. That the proceeds of sale to arise from the
said lands directed to be sold as aforesaid shall be
applied, in the first instance, to reimburse the United
States the moneys paid to the owners of the preemp-
tion right or fee as above provided, and the residue
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States
and held as a trust fund, the interest upon which
shall be paid annually to the said Indians, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Interior may
prescribe.
Sec. 5. That whenever the said Indians shall ex-
press their desire for the subdivision of the residue'
of the said reservations by a majority vote of
the male Indians over twenty-one years of age, at
an election to be held for that purpose, due notice
being given therefor, under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Interior may prescribe, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause
the said lands to be surveyed into tracts of conven-
ient size, and to allot the same in severalty to the
Indians on said reservations, share and share, alike,
in value, exclusive of improvements, and, as far as
practicable, so as to include the improvements
owned by each on the tract allotted to him, and
give to each a patent for his said allotment, without
tho power to sell or the right to create a lien thereon.
Sec. 6. That any Indian in either of said tribes is
hereby authorized to sell and dispose of his per-
sonal proporty and receive pay therfor in the same
manner as any citizen of the United States, and
maintain an action therefor in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction; and any Indian in the occu-
pancy of his land, as aforesaid, is hereby authorized
to maintain any action in the courts aforesaid that
any citizon could for the recovery of his real or per-
sonal property, or for damage done to said property,
or to recover the value of any personal property
wrongfully taken from him.
JOHN P. C. SHANKS,
w. McClelland,
WALTER L. SESSIONS,
Managers on the part of the House.
JAS. HARLAN,
WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,
R. E. BENTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the report of
tho committee of conference be concurred in.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was concurred in; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HORACE TYLER.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I rise to a question of
privilege. I present a report from the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (S. No. 686)
for the relief of Horace Tyler.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to the bill(S. No. 686) for the relief of Horace
Tyler, after full and free conference, have agreed to
recommend and do recommend to their respective
Houses as follows; to wit:
That the Senate recodo from its disagreement to
tho amendment of tho House and concur with an
amendment striking out $23,566.63, and inserting
$31,988 53.
And that the House agree to the same.
C. W. BUCKLEY,
L. A. SHELDON.
JOHN T. HARRIS,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
JOHN SCOTT,
J. R. WEST,
H. G. DAVIS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that the report
be concurred in.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was concurred in; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HALE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House proceed as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, under the five-minutes
rule, to consider the report of the Committee
Oil Appropriations on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3351) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendments of the Senate with the recom-
mendations of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, of concurrence in some and non-con-
currence in others. If no separate vote be
demanded, the recommendations of the com-
mittee will be considered as agreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate, in
which the committee recommended concur-
rence, was read as follows:
Provided, That no officer on the retired list of the
Navy shall be employed on active duty except in
time of war: And provided. That those officers on
the retired list, and those hereafter retired, who
were, or who may be, retired after forty years' ser-
vice, or on attaining the age of sixty-two years, in
conformity with section one of the act of December,
1861, and its amendments, dated June 25, 1864, or
those who were or may be retired from incapaeity
resulting from long and faithful service, from wounds
or injuries received in the line of duty, from sickness
or exposure therein, shall, after the passage of this
act, be entitled to seventy-five per cent, of the pres-
ent sea pay of the grade or rank which they held at
the time of their retirement. The rear admirals
provided for in the act of June 5,1872, shall be con-
sidered as having been retired as rear admirals.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division on
that amendment. I understand that this is a
change of the law, so that whereas officers of
the Navy are now retired on half pay, this will
put them on three-fourths pay.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. It also prevents
officers on the retired list from being employed
on active duty at full pay, except in time of
war; so that altogether a saving will beeffected.
These officers are under the present system
continually importuning to be put on full pay,
and this cuts all that off.
Mr. HOLMAN. This will certainly be a
great benefit to valuable officers who are retired
and cannot be employed at all. Will the gen-
tleman from Maine inform the House what
will be the increased expense of thus raising
the retired pay ?
Mr. HALE. It cannot be more than from
sixty to seventy thousand dollars.
Mr. BURCHARD. I understand that at
present the retired officers have fifty per cent.
This amendment gives them seventy-fiva per
cent. I wish to know from the gentleman
who has charge of the bill if he considers that
a saving?
Mr. HALE. Oh, no.
The amendmend was concurred in.
The sixth amendment of the Senate, in
which the committee recommended non-con-
currence, was read, as follows:
Provided, That no person shall receive the ap-
pointment of professor of mathematics in the Navy
until he shall have passed a satisfactory professional
examination before a board of naval professors of
mathematics designated for that purpose by the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why should the com-
mittee recommend non-concurrence in this
amendment? This seems to me to' be a very
good provision.
Mr. SARGENT. A very little explanation
will show that the committee's recommenda-
tion is right. I presume the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] who has charge of the bill
is prepared to give that explanation.
Mr. HALE. There are at present only four
professors of mathematics. By some one or
other this clause was put in in the Senate with-
out exciting attention. If this board is ap-
pointed under the limitations provided here,
it makes three of these professors a self-con-
tinuing board, with everything at their disposal.
I made inquiries about this matter at the Navy
Department to see if it was a proper and fit-
ting thing to do, and I found that it was not
