1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1667
recommended there. I have also received a
letter from one of these professors who also
takes the same ground. I do not think that
any one recommends it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Still it seems to be the
most effectual method of securing a competent
professor of mathematics.
Mr. HALE. I think the gentleman from
Indiana would not want to apply for an appoint-
ment in this way. This is a provision that the
man appointed by the President, who has the
appointing power, must be approved by aboard
who must be three or four of the number of
professors.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is in the line of civil
service reform.
Mr. HALE. I do not see any necessity for
such a board, and the Navy Department do
not call for it, nor do the professors themselves.
Mr. SARGENT. It is a limitation on the
appointing power of the President, and is,
therefore, unconstitutional. In the next place,
it makes a close corporation of three profes-
sors, who can always determine who the fourth
shall be. I think the appointing power can be
depended upon to select aperson of competent
qualifications.
Mr. ARCHER. They examine every cadet
and every officer before he is promoted.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to an
examination,-but I object to the appointment
of a board with such powers as these.
Mr. RANDALL. The opposition to this
measure seems to be upon the presumption
that the members of this board of professors
of mathematics will not properly perform their
duty.
Mr. HALE. This is not the proper board.
Mr. RANDALL. It strikes me that this is
one of the most important branches of study
that a cadet can be engaged in.* I know that
when I was at school I felt it such, and I have
always thought that a boy who was bright at
mathematics would accomplish anything im-
posed on him in other studies. It 13 therefore
important tiiatthe professors be thoroughly and
well learned in mathematics. I do not, there-
fore, assume at all that any gentleman would
be likely to be influenced by improper motives
in conducting an examination to fill avacaney.
I think, therefore, the amendment ought to be
adopted.
Mr. HALE. I call for a vote, for I want to
get through with this bill to-night.
The question was taken on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate ; and on a division,
there were—ayesthirty-seven, noes notcounted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the ninth amendment of
the Senate, as follows :
For the purchase of the right to manufacture and
use the best self-propelling torpedo-boats, or the best
submerged torpedo, capable of being guided aj3U
operated from a vessel, boat, or the shore, sloO.tWU,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
I want a separate vote
What does the comrait-
Mr. HOLMAN.
on that amendment
Mr. RANDALL.
tee recommend ?
Mr. HALE. The committee recommend
concurrence. I will say here that I have not
ordinarily "the utmost confidence in the experi-
ments made in the direction of this amend-
ment., either in the Army or the Navy; that
is, I do not expect all the results that the
sanguine advocates of these experiments do ;
but this provision is guarded as carefully a<
possible, and undoubtedly the experiments
made in the Navy will be all the time under
skillful supervision and will result in a great
improvement in this branch of the set vice. The
matter is under the control of the Secretary
of the Navy, whom I know to be sceptical
enough about these matters riot to spend any
of this money unless there is something to be
accomplished and some good result to be
attained. I should not bo at all surpnsed. it
at the beginning of the next session ot Con-
gress none of this money should have been
expended. We have already appropriated
for this branch of the service in the Army
$350,000, only half as much as is asked for
the Navy.
Mr. HOLMAN. This money is proposed to
be paid for a patent for this purpose. It is not
a question of how much is to be expended, but
a small appropriation of §150,000 to be paid
for a particular patent.
Mr. HALE. Let me correct the gentleman
here.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the language.
Mr. HALE. It does not limit, and is care-
fully prepared so as not to limit the use of the
appropriation. It is left in that way, for the
Secretary would not desire an appropriation
of this kind if he was limited. When the gen-
tleman says it is to pay for a patent right,
undoubtedly it must be expended upon some-
body's invention; there is no doubt of that.
These intricate arrangements and inventions
of torpedo machinery are not such as lie about
"loose in open market. They are the private
inventions of some skillful mechanics undoubt-
edly. The Navy Department does not want
to be hampered by being confined to any par-
ticular patent or experiment. Experiments
must be made; the different inventors must
furnish their materials, they must furnish their
boats, they must experiment, they must blow
up, they must demonstrate to tjie Department
that what they have is a good and efficacious
invention.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] to say that a
portion of this money may be expended in
experimenting upon these inventions?
Mr. HALE. I can tell the gentleman that
no apparatus can be or will be decided upon
until experiments have been made in blowing
up costly vessels, that is relatively costly, in
the presence of the Secretary of the Navy or
the officers he may appoint for that purpose.
Therefore there will be required the expendi-
ture of some amount of money. No inventor
can sell his invention or can demonstrate that
it is good, without this great expense.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the gentleman does
not mean that the Secretary of the Navy is
authorized to use a dollar of this appropria-
tion for experiments?
Mr. HALE. Not the Secretary himself.
Mr. HOLMAN. He is not to pay for the
experiments?
Mr. HALE. Certainly not.
Mr. HOLMAN. We are in the midst of a
very profound peace, with a reasonable cer-
tainty that there will never again be a great
naval engagement. In all likelihood we shall
during our generation have no occasion for
any such invention or discovery as has been
made or which may hereafter be made in
thU direction. There is really no pressing
necessity for this appropriation at this time.
These discoveries, whatever they may be, will
not be lost because the Government will not
take hold of them. They will become the
common property of the civilized world. I
myself, within the last two or three years,
have heard the Secretary of the Navy himself
express the opinion that the day for naval
engagements is over. These torpedoes, if
used at all, will be used to a very limited
extent. 1 think that in a time of profound
peace like this, in reference to a discovery
that is not to be lost if we do not purchase it,
there is no excuse for such an appropriation
as this. My friend from Maine [Mr. Hale]
talks as though this was a little out of order.
Mr. HALE. No, I do not.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is certainly no
necessity for this appropriation.^ It seems
almost like a regular job. There is a pressure
upon one branch of Congress for the putting
in of such an appropriation as this. And does
not my friend know that such a pressure will
be increased if the Secretary of the Navy can
use this appropriation for experiments? My
friend may rest assured that if this amount is
appropriated it will all be expended ; he may
be sure of that.
One other thing which my friend did not sug-
gest, but I think it was suggested to him, and
that is that $300,000 having been approptiated
for experimental purposes under the direction
of the War Department, the Navy Department
cannot consent to be behind hand in such a
matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debateupon
the pending amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words "and such
purchase shall not be made until the same
shall be agreed to by Congress." It will be
observed that none of the appropriations by
this bill are to take effect until the 1st day of
July next. Congress will meet in the follow-
ing December, and then if such a purchase of
the right to manufacture—that is the language
of the amendment—" purchase of the right
to manufacture and use," is necessary :a,nd
proper, and the Secretary of the Navy shall
report that fact to Congress, we can then make
the appropriation.
Mr. HALE. The geutleman will see that
to adopt his proposition would simply be travel-
ing around in a peck measure ; for all that is
here proposed is to appropriate $150,000; and
there would be little force in making the appro-
priation, if at the same time we provide that
there shall be no money spent under it until
Congress shall again pass upon the subject.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the Govern-
ment paying a dollar for experimenting in
these private patents for torpedoes ; it is against
this that my amendment is directed.
Mr. HALE. I am very desirous that this
bill shall go through to-night; and without
further discussion I will ask a vote on this
question.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to move
to amend by inserting afrer the words " vessel,
boat, or the shore," these words, "and other
description of improved torpedo most suitable
for service."
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
in order when the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is
disposed of.
Mr. HALE. Let me suggest here that I
would prefer, for the guidance of the commit-
tee of conference, that this should either be
voted on as it is or that the House should non-
concur absolutely.
Several Members. Let us non-concur.
Mr. ARCHER. We provide in the bill for
a torpedo corps, for which we appropriate
§21,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, that there may be a direct vote on non-
concurrence.
The question being taken on concurring in
the amendment, it was non-concurred in.
The thirteenth amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows:
In the paragraph relating to the navy-yard at
Charlestown, Massachusetts, strike out for clerk
of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, $1,500.''
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. _ I see that
this officer runs through the provisions for all
the various navy-yards. The House struck
out the appropriations for this officer in each
case, deciding to dispense with the "clerk of
pay-rolls and mustering clerk," as a super-
fluous officer. Has there been any new light
on this subject, in view of which it is pro-
posed to restore these officers?
Mr. HALE. Let me correct the gentleman.
The House struck out certain officers. The
Senate, in considering that reduction, not
only did not reinsert those officers,_ but upon
a contest went further and struck out in the pio-
visions for all the yards an additional officer,
the "clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk."
Now, the Committee on Appropriations, hav-
ing investigated the matter, believe that the
action of the Senate is correct; that the
