ios
Wm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
with them. The day fortunately has come
when they have ceased originating measures,
and are hanging on to the skirts of the past,
until their last hold has become doubtful.
My friend from Maryland has taken advantage
of "the simple question now presented to ns to
empty out upon us all manner of maledictions
hot only for our present theories but for every
thing w,e have done since a ship was built in
the Navy.
I take it that my friend from Maryland will
have to argue much more convincingly than
he has done, and labor much longer than he
will live, to make us as a nation give up our
Navy. He is much mistaken if he supposes
that that respect to which it is entitled will
be for an instant blighted by any side attacks
like this. Sir, our Navy was born before the
honorable Senator; navies are as old as the
ages; and when the last sun goes down it will
go down upon the nation's Navy. It is idle,
therefore, to attempt to arouse a prejudice of
such a character as that which the Senator
from Maryland has attempted agaiinst the pass-
age of this biii.,.
The Committee on Naval Affairs of the Sen-
ate, after the most mature reflection, have
agreed to report this bill in its present shape.
My friend says that there is not as much use
for a Navy to-day as there was formerly. Sir,
if you had gathered all the ships of war that
we had during the war of 1812 they would
have been insufficient to guard one of our ports
in our last great struggle. Take all the Navy
at that time and it was comparatively very
small. Take our Navy now, and while it is
respectable in number and most respectably
and gallantly handled and commanded, there
is no prudent man but sees the necessity of
keeping it in at least that condition for pur-
poses present and in the future.
My friend reads us a long homily upon
economy. Sir, what would economy say in
this regard? How much cheaper can we
build vessels, how much easier can we fill our
yards with workmen in a time of profound
peace than when the blasts of war are abroad;
with how much more care can the material be
selected of which these ships are to be con-
structed. Not a stick of timber nor a piece
of iron should be found in one of them that
had not been properly examiued when the
opportunity^ was afforded in a time of peace.
Why, sir, our ships of war as they now exist
were rotten at one end before they were com-
pleted at the other. They were born of an
extreme necessity, and have floated longer
than I expected they would, much longer than
they would have done if the careful eye of the
Government had not protected them by repairs,
and thus prevented them fr.om going down, as
my friend from Maryland thinks would have
been better.
Sir, the navy and the commerce of every
nation must bear a certain relation. At the
time spoken of by my friend from Maryland
we had no commerce ia the great Pacific, a sea
larger than all the others, where now our flag
floats, and is bound to float increasingly in
numbers until the end of commerce comes.
We had no coast of Japan, no coast of China,
no countless islands that nestled down in the
Pacific, to guard and protect with our Navy.
Less ships, differently constructed ships, would
answer every purpose at that time; but the de-
mands of commerce and of national dignity
are now upon us. The ships that were built
two years ago with the improved modes of con-
struction now are good for nothing. The arma-
ment which Great Britain could bring against
our ships is .too potent for them to resist.
Sir, what I want, and what this nation will
have, is a proportionate Navy prepared to pro-
tect itself from any insult abroad or at home.
That is what the Navy Department as a faithful
executor of that portion of our nation's rights
requires. The Secretary of the Navy asks for
ships to make our Navy effective; he asks
for no ships for pleasure rides, but ships pre-
pared to bear the flag and the honor of our
country around the world, and, notwithstand-
ing the wailing of my friend from Maryland,
he will have them. *
I should judge that in early life my. friend
from Maryland Was never a great friend of the
Army or the Navy, and the teachings of his
subseque t years have not inc reased his love
for them I take a manly pride in the histoid
of the Navy of this country. Names' have
been inscribed upon its rolls "that-were not
born to die;" names that will stand as long
as brass and bronze can perpetuate them, not
because tliey belong to the Navy, but because
they belong to the nation and fought for the
nation in their sphere until the very waters
around them cried "blood enough." This
Navy is not to be kicked out by the honorable
Senator from Maryland. Its history is too
dear to the American people, its acts too val-
iant, and its trophies and triumphs too numer-
ous to allow them to conseut to that for one
moment.
. Now, sir, what is the precise fact for us to
consider? Our Navy is getting old. Eight
or ten years is the life of modern navies. We
have not built a ship in eight years, but have
been repairing our old ships iu order to keep
our Navy in some condition for the defense
of the country. Nobody complains that that
work has not been done well; but the time
has arrived when prudence dictates that we
should make further provision to keep up the
Navy. Here starts a ship around Cape Horn
to go to the Sandwich Islands; here goes an-
other to Japan, on a perilous, turbulent voy-
age. They battle with those waters ; they
get there ; they find that they want repairs,
and not a stick of timber nor a pound of iron
can be found there for repairs. Subject to all
these infirmities and all these casualties and
accidents our Navy is scattered over every
ocean. Now, what does prudence dictate in
order that we may be able to give protection to
our commerce ? That we should build more
vessels, so that when intelligence comes to us
that a man-of-war is lost iu a distant sea we
may have one to take its place. The exigency
is such that they may all be lost before a man-
of-war could be built. We want them here
and now. The dignity and character of the
nation demand it, and my friend is on a cold
track when he expects to get this nation into
the notion that they are to have no navy.
Mr. President, it must be atl unpleasant task
to my friend from Maryland to see nothing but
evil in the future. If you increase your Navy,
we are told the vote is going to be wrong in
Ne w York. If you increase your Army, New
Orleans is to be put under contribution. His-
tory has told us what the Army did in New
York. It brought to obedience the turbulent
Spirit by which the political elements there
were moved, and instead of war, bloodshed,
and mad mob confusion, the presence of the
Army, without using it, brought that turbu-
lence to subjection. And so in New Orleans,
if it had not been for the presence of our Army
there, New Orleans, one of the proudest cities
ot the nation, would have been laid in ashes,
and those who now live there in quiet would
have lost their lives in contact with those from
whom they differed.
It seems very queer to me that on a simple
question of increasing the ships of the Navy
my friend should attempt to draw in all these
things; but they have been pent up in him so
long that veut was necessary, I suppose, in
order to prevent explosion. '[Laughter.]
The Committee on Naval Affairs, after
having carefully weighed and examined all the
arguments presented, have come to the con-
elusion that these ten ships are necessary,
the House of Representatives passed the bill
very readily, perhaps not agreeing to the exact
number of vessels, but asserting the principle
tliat the Navy is to be continued. I desire to
have ten of these vessels. I desire to have
tuein tor the protection of our commerce. I
want them for the protection of our honor and
our character. I want them because all that
makes a nation strong'is to have a visible
power. I want them because other nations
have them to protect their commerce, and they
do protect it; and I desire to see ships be-
longing to' this country that can protect our
commerce as it ought to be protected.
I have said, sir, all that I desire to say on
this' subject. I know that the Navy requires
these additional vessels. I know that when
the Navy speaks it speaks for the nation. I
know, furthermore, that when a nation ceases
to have the visible and real implements of de-
fense and powers he becomes the sport and
victim of other nations.
I hope we shall come to a vote on this ques-
tion, and that the Senate will vote in favor of
these ten ships of war.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I am of the
opinion that the addition of six vessels to the
Navy at this time would be all that could be
reasonably expected of Congress on tbe'part
of the country. - While I believe that the
money of the nation is better expended in pro-
moting its commerce than in promoting the
regular Navy, that one dollar- expended to
promote the mercantile marine is worth ten
expended in promoting the Navy, I am will-
ing to see six of these sloops built, and to
vote'for the bill as it came to us from the
House of Representatives; but I do not believe
that we need ten this year, or that the experi-
ment of building more than half a dozen is
required at this time. I wish to add my opinion
to that which has been already expressed
to-day, that we are not now wituout a Navy,
that we have a large number of very efficient
vessels, and that the Navy is as well conducted
for the credit and success of the United States
as could be expected in a time of peace.
The construction of -ten vessels involves a
very large expense under the present circum-
stances of great indebtedness ; and in view of
that fact, and in view of the fact that t-he in-
debtedness of the country has increased by the
last monthly showing of the Treasury Depart-
ment, I think it unwise that we should go into
so large an expenditure as that required for
the construction of ten new vessels of war.
I am anxious that something shall be done
to promote the commerce of this country
lhe last report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury sent to Congress is to the effect that our
commerce, -in comparison with that of other
nations, is actually declining; that only about
twenty-seven per cent., of the foreign com-
merce of this country is transacted in American
vessels, while at the previous showing of that
Department something over thirty per cent
of that commerce, I believe, was transacted in
American vessels. I cannot see that the com-
merce of the country will be at all promoted by
the construction of vessels of war as now pro-
posed. I ao not understand that there is any
pretense that the commerce of the country
will be promoted by the construction of these
vessels. If it ean be shown that our commerce
is insecure at present, that it needs the protec-
tion of armed vessels, that would be a strong-
inducement to me- to support this bill, and to
support it with a clause fixing the number of
new vessels at ten, if you please; but until
that can be shown 1 do not think we act wisely
ne™ ?1Df UP 0Ur NTa7y and suff«ing our com
tnerce to decline. It seems to me very clear
wptlth18 J;h.e dutJ of the< nation to add to its
wealth and its strength m that manner, rather
nn?^QPr07?mg mLeanS fer ^fense when it is
Onr ■ US any defense is required.
Our nation is now very strong. It numbers
almost as many people as any . of the most
powerful nations on the earth; and it is not
like y that any nation, heathen or enlightened
weak or strong would dare to interfere with
feTe ~ " "6 ^ & ■<  «-«<  to inter
fij fhl an*iqas something shall be done
for the purpose of increasing the commerce
