1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
lisbment at New London, and one great navy-
yard made there outside the limits of a large
city.
Norfolk would bo another convenient place;
we must, have one on the Pacific coast, and
possibly one at Pensueola. Philadelphia, I
suppose, will still claim a yard, but we cer-
tainly do not want more than four on the At-
lantic coast, and perhaps not more than three.
The Norfolk yard should be kept up, because it
commands Hampton Roads and the Elizabeth
river, in which all the navies of the world
can ride ^safely and come in at all stages of
water. The navy-yard at Charlestons, Mas-
sachusetts, occupies now a large portion of
the deep-water wharfage in Boston harbor,
and will be of immense value to the commerce
of the country and an entrepot for the mer-
chandise and the corn and provisions of
the West to come and be shipped from the
Last, so that I think it would be f©r the ad-
vantage of Boston and of the State of Massa-
chusetts to have that yard removed.
I think the gentleman who represents
Brooklyn [Mr. Slocum] will agree to the
same thing in reference to the navy-yard in
his district. I think it would be better for
the work of the country and for the interest
oi the country if these yards were consol-
idated. I am only sorry that in these last
days of the session we cannot do it. I hope
that whoever may be on the Committee on
Naval Affairs in the next Congress will pre-
pare a bill for the consolidation of our navy-
yards.
Mr. COGHLAN. I only wish to say, sir,
that to a certain extent I accord with what has
been said by the gentleman from Maine with
regard to the navy-yards, but I do believe
this, that the reason why the Navy of the
United States to-day is composed of forty rot-
ten hulls is because we have been working on
the very principle which will be brought
about when our navy-yards are destroyed. It
is this system of private contracts with pri-
vate yards that has placed the American Navy
below the navy of any fifth-class Power on
the globe.
T believe our navv-yards should be built up
in time of peace; that they should be kept in
an efficient state, so that when we require work
to be done for the Government it can be done
so that the vessels will not sink before they
leave our coast. I believe that although it is
necessary even in time of war to act economi-
cally on these matters, there is a kind of
economy worse than extravagance, and that
is in striking blindly to cut down expenses
without looking to what the Government is
deprived of. This is a proposition to cut off
one hundred and twenty-five clerks now em-
ployed in the navy-yards. If there are any
useless clerks now employed in the navy-yards
strike them out, but do not strike blindly. No
gentleman who has asked that these amend-
ments be concurred in has attempted to show
that these clerks are not necessary. As a
matter of personal knowledge, having been in
the navy-yard in my own State often and over
again, 1 can say that this very clerk is the
most essential one for the Government iu the
yard. For that leason I oppose the amend-
ment and for no other reason. For the same
reason I am willing to vote against giving
a single dollar for any sinecures, but I am
not for blindly striking at these officers on the
ground of economy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I deny that
we are striking blindly in this matter. Several
officers of this grade were stricken out by the
House, and the Senate concurred and made
still further reduction. The House committee
consulted the Navy Department and found
that the Department were willing to submit to
the reduction. The next, nineteen amend-
ments aie all of this class, and we ought to
settle them all on the same principle that we
settled one. In the eleven yards we have
made a reduction in the salaries of this class
of officers to the extent of $"41,600. That
amount of money in these eleven yards is
saved on the same grade of employes drop-
ping them as not necessary to the naval ser-
vice, and doing it by the consent of the Navy
Department. I agk for a^vote.
Mr. COGHLAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent we decide by one vote the nine-
teenth amendment to which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has referred, as
being of the same class as the one now imme-
diately before the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I accept the sug-
gestion, and make the request of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, [Mr. Dawes.]
That requires unanimous consent. Is there
objection to concurring in the nineteen amend-
ments referred to ?
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will proceed with the reading of the amend-
ments.
Mr. LYNCH. I think there is some mis-
apprehension in regard to the last vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
put the question as suggested by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. LYNCH. The next nineteen amend-
ments are not all of the same character. The
twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate is for
construction of gas-works and piping at the
Norfolk navy-yard.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My suggestion
was not that the next nineteen amendments
should be concurred in, but that the nineteen
of the same class as the one under considera-
tion be concurred in.
Mr. LYNCH. I must ask a vote on the
twenty-fifch amendment.
The twenty-fifth amendment was to insert
the following:
For construction of gas-works and piping at the
Norfolk navy-yard, Portsmouth, Virginia, $10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The thirty-fourth amendment was to insert
in the paragraph headed "for general mainten-
ance of yards and docks" the following:
And for contingent expenses of yards and docks,
not exceeding $40,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. RANDALL. I must ask some explana
tion of that recommendation.
Mr. HALE. It is proposed to put this
clause in this paragraph, and to strike out the
following paragraph, which is in the same
words.
The amendment was concurred in.
The thirty-ninth amendment was to insert
the following:
l?or tbo construction of eight steam vessels of war,
$3,200,000; this appropriation to be available from
the passage of this act.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HALE. This is simply the necessary
result of a bill which passed the other day,
and which had no appropriation in it.
The amendment was concurred iu.
The forty-fourth amendment was to insert
the following:
That from and after the SOthday of June, 1873,
the term of the classes in the Kavul Academy at
Annapolis shall be six years instead of four, as now
provided by law. and this provision shall first apply
to the class entering the Academy in the year 1873,
and to all subsequent classes.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. COBURN, That is the very provision
which the House voted dowu by a very large
majority about two weeks ago, after it was
discussed thoroughly. Itwsw then determined j
that the old rule should be continued of a
four-years' term at the Naval Academy
lhere is no reason on earth why we should
keep these boys at the Naval Academy for six
years.
A Member, They are there six years now.
Mr. COBURN. A member says that they
are there six years now. Sir, they are in the
wavy all their lives, and if they want to con-
tinue their education after they have got
into the Navy, let them continue it; I have no
objection, and nobody else has. They can be
at school on board ship. The object of this
provision is not what gentlemen profess it is.
Its object is to diminish the number of stu-
dents that the various Congressional districts
shall have at the Naval Academy.
If we adopt this amendment of the Senate,
we will have but one appointed in each six
years instead of one each four years, as it is
at present. I do not care where you begin,
what standard of education you may adopt.
The simple objection to this provision is that
it will give to the various districts hereafter
just two thirds as many students at the Naval
Academy as they have had heretofore. Now
I see no reason for it. This is a simple ques-
tion of the number of students which each
district will have in the Naval Academy, There
is nothing outside or inside of the Academy
ij that demands this provision. That is all I
desire to say now.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I will vote
for this amendment as an experiment, if for
nothing else. It is very clear that with the
increased number which we will have in this
House in the next Congress, allowing a naval
cadet to each congressional district, we will,
upon the four-year term, be crowding more
men into the Navy than we can have any
possible use for. I am for it, therefore, as a
matter of economy, because it will diminish
to a considerable extent the number of young
men graduated every year.
I am for it for another reason: because it
will enable the Navy Department to educate
more thoroughly the young men who are to
become naval officers by sending them to sea
for a portion of the time that they are required
to be nominally at the Naval Academy. This
will cost the Government no more, because
after a young man enters the Navy, we at all
events pay him some sort of a salary.
Mr. MAYNARD. As my friend from In-
diana [Mr. Niblaok] is, like myself, a mari-
time gentleman, I would like to inquire of him
whether he does not think it would be better
for these young men to go out to sea for two
years than to remain in the Academy among
their books during the whole term ?
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I understand,
Mr. Speaker, that if the term is extended to
six years they will be sent to sea a part of the
time.
Mr. HALE. That is the very object of the
provision.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I understand
that thus they will be upon practical duty, so
to speak, for a greater length of time than they
are now. Thus their studies will be diversified
and their advancement in naval knowledge
promoted.
Mr. GARFIEDD, of Ohio. My colleague
will observe that the next amendment pro-
vides expressly that two years of the six years'
term shall be spent at sea.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Insert as a new section the following:
Hereafter thecourse of instruction for cadet engin-
eers shall include two years of service in naval
sea steamers in addition to the period at the Naval
Academy now provided by law: Provided, That
engineer officors graduated at the Naval Academy
shall take precedence with all other officers with
whom they have relative rank, according to the
actual length of service in the Navy. Chief engin-
eers having the same rank as medical and pay di-
rectors and inspectors shall, when at sea, have the
same pay; that naval officers subject to exanination
before promotion to a grade limited in number by
law jliall not be entitled to examination in such a
