UG
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
nsyl
New Hampshire.
Massachusetts.
Pennsylvania.
Rhode Island.
Maryland.
Connecticut.
Pennsylvania.
New York.
Rhode Island.
Massachusetts.
Pennsylvania.
New York.
tion with the Crown, perhaps this reserve in
conducting the war was in a measure due to
sound policy. This law was followed by another,
passed December 13, ordering thirteen sail of
cruisers to be constructed. Of the latter
vessels three W%re to be of twenty-four'guns,
five of twenty-eight, and five of thirty-two.
Thus Congress, previous to the end of the
year 1775, had authorized a regular marine,
to consist of seventeen cruisers, varying in
force from ten to thirty-two guns. The keels
of the ships alluded to in the last law were
ordered to be laid in the four Colonies of New
England, in New York, Pennsylvania, and
Maryland, and the following is a list of their
names and respective rates, as well as of the
colony where each was built, namely:
Names. Guns. Colony.
Washington 32 Pennsylvania.
Baleigh   32
Hancock 32
Randolph 32
Warren 32
Virginia 28
Trumbull 28
Effingham 28
Congress 28
Providence   - ,...28
Boston 24
Delaware ; 24
Montgomery 24
Making, in 1775, more available vessels and
more guns than our present effective naval
force; and y6t we have an Atlantic coast and
a Pacific coast also to defend, with a com-
merce that whitens every sea; whereas in.
1775 we were but a few feeble, sparsely settled
Colonies on the Atlantic border. And not-
withstanding all this, from both the great
coasts of our country gentlemen come here now
and tell us not to keep up our Navy ! When
this country is so poor, when it is so wretched,
■when it is so humble that it cannot keep up
its Navy on a proper organization, I will stand
here as a Senator and vote to abolish it; but
I will not, so help me God, give one vote in
this Senate to degrade it. It is to be kept
upon a footing to compare with that of other
nations, or it is to be destroyed. Do one or
the other, but do not degrade your Navy.
Mr. President, I feel that I'have already
been guilty perhaps of an impropriety in speak-
ing with more earnestness than good taste
would seem to justify, but I think I may appeal
to you, I think I may appeal to the Senator
from California, whether 1 have not a right to
love the American Navy and its reputation, and
whether 1 have not a right to protect it and
defend it to the best of my poorability. Abolish
the Navy, destroy the Navy if yon will, but do
not put it on a footing where it cannot com-
pete with the navies of other nations. It has
been said of our great naval rival
"Britannia needs no bulwarks,
No towers along tho stoop;
Her march is o'er the mountain-waves.
Her home is on tho deep."
But no such thought can now cross the mind
of the American boy in regard to our Navy.
The love of the American Navy which makes
the Navy; the patriotic pride which makes
the sailors and which makes the officers, with-
out which all your education, all your ships,
all your skill, all your machinery are worthless,
are to be struck down by such arguments as
those we hear in this Hall to-day; and what
are they? This may be a job, says the Sen-
ator from Maryland. That is one argument;
and another is that some people do not like
the Secretary of the Navy ! Mr. President, I
did not appoint the Secretary of the Navy; I
am not responsible for the Secretary of the
Navy. If this is a job, you know 1 am not
responsible for it. 1 have no interest in any
job. I am a Senator from New Jersey; 1 am
here in the American Senate to do my duty
to the country and to those who sent me here.
It is not my business to find out where a
"job" is; it is not my business to refrain from
voting proper appropriations for the benefit
of the Navy and building it up and doing it
justice because some people may suspect that
the Secretary of the Navy is not a proper per-
son for that position, or because others say
there may be a "job" in this proposition.
There may be a job in it; there may be a job
in any appropriation that is made, and if the
newspapers tell the truth there generally is;
but that has nothing to do with the question
before the Senate. I have my duty here to
do; and my duty is to tell you, sir, and to
tell the American people and to tell this Sen-
ate that we have really no Navy. Last year
I told you the same thing. In 1775, as I have
said, the Navy of the United States was larger
and better than it is to-day in point of ships
and metal.
You may ask, then, how shall we increase
our Navy, or how shall we make one; what
kind of ships shall be build; how shall we
build them? Mr. President, it is many, many
years ago in my short life when a proposition
was made to the Government of the United
States to build three experimental vessels ;
one was built by Mr. Hunter, I forget his
exact rank at the time in the Navy ; probably
he was a commander ; two others were built
by a gentleman nearly related to me, and one
of the latter, the Princeton, with the English
steamer Gorgon with her side wheels, I have
seen over and over again; and I have now
in ray house a model of each made before
either vessel was bui It. The Princeton was the
first propeller fully armed, with auxiliary sails,
that ever was built as a war vessel, with all her
machinery below the water-line incapable of
being touched. I was in that vessel when she
went up to the Battery in New York harbor,
and as she came out of the North river the
" Great Western" came out of the East river
and they had a race for twenty miles down the
channel. Captain Hoskins, who then com-
manded the Great Western, wrote to a New
York paper by the pilot-boat that the speed
of the Princeton was the greatest success he
had ever seen; and he was very glad of it, as
he was going to take command ol a propeller
on his return to England.
Thus, sir, you may perceive that I cannot
speak on this subject without some interest in it.
We were not only ahead of the world in building
wooden ships, but we absolutely brought from
abroad this propeller, put it into the ship and
made it an auxiliary power; we invented that
and we fastened it on the world; and it is now
the only plan adopted by any navy, and yet
we have not one such ship in our Navy fit for
efficient service. I have seen the Iroquois,
which was one of the last ships you built, and
I have seen the Wabash, lying in the port of
Spezzia, in the Mediterranean, alongside ves-
sels of other nations, and the pride I felt in
them I could not repress. Other countries
have imitated them, and are imitating them
everywhere now.
But how you are to build your vessels;
whether you shall build them at navy-yards;
whether you shall build them at private yards,
or what arrangement is to be made about
them, I am perfectly willing to leave to any
competent authority; these are not matters
of the least importance to me; but it is a mat-
ter of sincere regret to me that any gentle-
man should use the argument that because he
does not like the Secretary of the Navy, or
because he does not like this Administration,
he will refuse to do that which is necessary
to protect our country, and will permit our
Navy and our naval officers, helpless and de-
fenseless, to be humiliated by any foreign
Power. That is an argument the justice and
propriety of which I can never concede. I
have always voted in this Senate according to
my conscience on every question of this kind ;
and when I think the interests of my country,
the honor of our flag, the Navy of the nation
or the Army of the nation demands an appro-
priation, I shall certainly vote for it, without
considering who is to disburse the money.
Mr. President, there have been many times
when the Navy of this country has been called
upon to do duty which has redounded to the
honor of the flag and the credit of the nation.
My distinguished friend from Maryland has
referred to a duty which the Navy was once
called upon to do in New York, which if the
accounts are true was certainly not in accord-
ance with my views of the legitimate function
of the Navy nor within its povince. There
is hardly a-charge which the Senator from
Maryland has made against the misuse of the
Navy in that connection that I would not sus-
tain and sanction. I protest against such mis-
use of our noble sailors and gallant officers;
I am not responsible for it. If gentlemen on
the other side of this Chamber who have the
control of this nation choose to misuse their
power or to permit the executive branch of
the Government to do it without being called
to account, it is not my fault. But that does
not relieve me from doing my duty, and I do
not fear the Navy. The free spirit of the
American people will not be quelled by six or
eight thousand men in the United States
Navy, nor by the little Army of the Union.
It is very easy to talk about the danger of the
Array and the Navy, but I fear a great deal
more the danger from the demoralization of
public opinion. I fear a great deal more
danger from what is going on in the minds of
men than from armies or navies. Oh, let the
Senator from Maryland keep his people rigbt
and true in their love for the Constitution of
the country, and let me be able to do that with
my people, and I will answer for all the Army
and Navy will do. This, after all, is a Gov-
ernment of law ; it is a Government that wor-
ships right; it is a Government which a man
protects because it protects him, and he loves
it as a child loves a father. You cannot
control the opinions of the people of this
country by the Government.
The distinguished Senator from Maryland,
in some portions of his remarks, seemed to
imply that he would put os on a level with the
little republic of San Marino. That is a little
republic, composed I think of about six thou-
sand people; and they have lived there for
generations, since the tenth century, perfectly
free, with that freedom which he desires and
seeks—a freedom that needs no naval force,
needs no military force, no army and no navy.
It is the only free republic in the world that
the Senator can point to that is in that position.
But, Mr. President, they hire some five or six
hundred men from a foreign country to protect
and defend them; and one of their laws is that
nobody shall defend himself! Shall that be
our case? Is that what the Senator wants to
be the condition of this growing country, with
no army and 110 navy?
If the Senator wants no navy, let him say
so; if the people of this country want to put
the Navy down, let them put it down ; but I
deny their right to degrade themselves and
degrade the country by having a Navy of
inefficient vessels, sending galleut men to sea
in vessels that will hardly float, making them
face vessels of foreign Powers who have taken
the advantage of what we have done and
made the very improvements we originated,
and give as a reason that they do not like the
Secretary of the Navy, or that they think the
money may possibly be wasted 1
So far as I am concerned, I propose, being
a member of the Naval Committee, to do my
duty to the Navy and my duty to the country ;
and besides, as I have already intimated, there
are reasons which make me feel that I have a
personal and particular reason for doing what
1 can to defend the reputation of the American
.Navy.
Mr. President, one other word. The Secre-
tary of the Navy in his report says:
w '*T?uSpen& mo2®y in the constant endeavor to
keep these ships afloat is the most expensive way o'
maintaining a navy, since constantly incrcSSiSi
expenditure is answered by constantly decreas nf
S.°. ff °S /k be the wisest economy at
once to afford the means and the authority to build
a number of small, active cruisers, of live-oak or of
