1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
Holman] can only be passed under a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move that the
rules be suspended, so as to allow the bill and
amendments to be considered in the House as
in Committee of the Whole.
The question being put on Mr. Holman's
motion; it was not agreed to, two-thirds not
voting therefor.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I hope it
will be known what all this means.
Mr. SHANKS. We know what it means as
well as the'gentleman from Connecticut does.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I suppose the gentle-
man from Connecticut has come here to give
us some instruction.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Pending the
motion that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, I move that all general
debate be limited to five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the motion that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion that the House adjourn was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion that all
general debate on the bill be limited to five
minutes, and it was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask for
a vote on the motion that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House-resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the House do
now adjourn. It is now eleven o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think we had
better adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. If the House is willing to
work, let us work.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—yeas forty-eight.
Mr. BURCHARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 97, not voting
83 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Barber, Beatty,
Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Buffiuton, Burchard, Co-
burn, Conger. Crebs, Dawes. Donnan. Eames,
Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garfiekl, Giddings, Halsey, Joseph B.. Hawley,
Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hib-
bard, Holman, Kerr, Keteham, Lowe, Maclntyre,
McClelland, MeCrary, MeGrrew, Orr, Packard, Hosea
W. Parker, Pendleton, Potter. Ellis H. Roberts,
Rusk. Sawyer, Scofield, Slater, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Starkweather. Swann, Washington
Townsend. Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Walden, Wal-
dron, "Weils, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, and
John T. Wilson—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Archer, Averill, Erasmus
W. Beck, Bigby, Bingham, Boarman, Boles, Brax-
ton, Bright, Buckley, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler. Caldwell, Coghlan, Comingo, Conner,
Critcher, Crossland, Darrail, Dodds, DiiBose, Duell,
Duke, Dimoeil, Eldredge, 1311iott, Esty, Charles
Foster, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Hale,
Hancock, Ilandley, Harmer, Harper, George E.
Harris. John T. Harris, Hays, -Hereford, Herndon,
Hill, Hoar, Houghton, King, Lamison, Lamport,
Mnnson, Maynard. McJunkiti, McKee, McKinney,
Merriam, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Kilas L. Niblack, Palmer, Isaac 0. Parker, Peck,
Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Price, Kamey,
Randall, John M. Rice. Ritchie, John Rogers, Sion
II. Rogers, Sargent, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Shober, Sloss, Snyder, Storm, Stoughton, btowell,
St.. John, Sypher, Terry, Thomas, Tamer, Tuthill,
Voorhees, WaddeU, Wallace, A\hiteley, and Wil-
liams of Indiana—97. ,
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Adams Ames. Banks,
Barnura. Barry. James B. Beck. Biggs, James (t.
Blair. Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Car-
roll, Clarke. Cobb, Cotton, Cox, Creely, Crocker,
Davis. Dickey, Dox, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Jfor-
ker. Goodrich. Haldeman. Hambleton, Hanks, Ha-
vens, John B. Hawley, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Killinger, Kinselln,Lansing,Leach,Lewis,
Lvneh, Marshall, MeCormick, McHenry, Mclveely,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore. Morgan, William K Niblack, Packer. I o-
laud, Prmdle, Read, Edward Rice, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley. _ Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slocum. Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp. Speer, Sprague, Stovers, btevenson,
Sutherland, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Van Trump,
Vanchan, Wakeman, Warren, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, W ood, and
Young—83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a suggestion to the House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object. The House
has determined to go into Committee of the
Whole. Why should not the Chair appoint
the chairman of the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The House has not yet
voted to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My sug-
gestion is simply this 
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to any argu-
ment.
The question being pnt on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the Senate
amendments to the legislative, &c.. appro-
priation bill, it was agreed to—yeas 86, nays 49.
Mr. BEATTY. I call for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes fifteen; not a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered; and
the motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes.
The recommendations of the Committee on
Appropriations in regard to the amendments
were concurred in without division, except
where a separate vote was called for.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
it is my desire to get this bill placed in a
position where it will have precedence, and
then I hope we may adjourn. Several gen-
tlemen asked me if this bill was likely to come
up to-night, as they desired to be present dur-
ing its consideration, and I told them that it
was not likely.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Why then did the gen-
tleman insist on going into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? After he
had made that pledge we tried to adjourn, but
the gentleman insisted on going into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The House in-
sisted on going into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The House did not; it
was th  gentleman himself who insisted on it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On the con-
trary, I voted to adjourn every time.
If gentlemen will send for a printed slip which
accompanies this bill they will see all the
amendments. There are several battle-fields
iu this bill, and I wish to indicate them to gen-
tlemen so that they may understand the matter.
First, there is the matter about the Pacific
railroad and the right of the Government in
regard to recovering its interests and bringing
suit to settle all these disputed points.
Another question raised by one of the
amendments brings up the question of the suits
pending in the Court of Claims growing out of
the capturedand abandoned propertyact. That
question presents itself in a new phase.
There is another question, as to the officers
of the House. We found it exceedingly diffi-
cult to adjust an equitable balance of salaries
between the officers of the two Houses. A
few of the officers of the House had their sal-
aries raised by the House when the bill first
passed, in order to equalize them with corre-
sponding officers of the Senate. The Senate
non-concurred in all those amendments of the
House raising the salaries of officers of the
House, and at the same time put in some
twenty amendments increasing the salaries of
officers of their own, such as their committee
clerks and the Journal clerks, whose salaries
were already greater than those of the corre-
sponding officers of the House.
The Committee on Appropriations have
recommended a non-coneurrenee in those
amendments of the Senate striking out the in-
creased pay to officers of the House and also
to those amendments increasing the pay of
officers of the Senate, on the ground that we
desire that the matter shall be equalized and
that either the Senate shall not increase the
salaries of their own officers which are already
higher than ours, or else that they shall put
ours on an equality. We desire that if the
Senate increases the salaries of their officers,
the salaries of the officers of the House shall
also be increased.
The Committee on Appropriations have put
in an amendment to the first amendment of
the Senate, which will be found on the second
page of the bill, for the sake of asking the
House to test the question on the threshold
whether they will allow the Senate to put up the
salaries of their officers without a correspond-
ing increase on our side. If they will consent
to put up these salaries we are willing that
they shall put up the salaries of their officers.
The Committee on Appropriations of this
House will not consent that the amendment
shall increase the pay of its clerks and em-
ployes without a corresponding increase of our
clerks. I now ask that the first amendment
be read.
The first amendment of the Senate was read,
increasing the pay of the principal clerk of
the Senate from $2,592 to $3,600.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the Senate amendment
with an amendment, to add to the Senate
amendment the following:
And there is hereby appropriated a sum sufficient
to make the annual salaries of such of the clerks m
the office of the House of Representatives as receive
$2,500 and upward, (including the petition elerk ana
printing clerk,) and not increased in this act, $3,000
each; and of such as receive 82,160, the sum of 82,500
each; and of such as receive §1,800, the sum of $2,160
each; and of the clerks of the following committees,
namely, Claims, Judiciary, Public Lands, Military
Affairs, and Elections, $2,500 each; the Doorkeeper
of the House, $3,000; and additional pay to the chief
engineer, $360, (so as to equalize his pay with that
of the chief engineer of the Senate,) and additional
pay to the foreman of laborers, $120 per annum.
Mr. BURCHARD. I raise the point oforder
that the amendment proposed by the Com
mittee on Appropriations to the amendment
of the Senate is not germane to the Senate
amendment, and is not authorized by any
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BURCHARD. The Senate amend-
ment relates entirely to a Senate clerk. The
portion of the bill relating to House clerks
will be found on another page. My point of
order is that the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations, referring as it does to the
clerks of the House, is not in order because
not germane to the amendment of the Senate
which refers to a clerk of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has over-
ruled the point of order.
Mr. BURCHARD. I must appeal from the
decision of the Chair. .
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee? " ....
The question was taken, and the decision or
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, to be substituted for it
what I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The clerk read as follows:
That on and after the 4fcb
1873, the President of the United States shall receive
for his services during the term tor which he saaii
have been electod the sum of $o0,000 per axoium 111
full for bis services to be paid quarterly at t ic
Treasury; the Vice President ot the United States
shall also receive for his services during the term , j
which he shall have been elected the sum ot s? J/.U >0
per annum in fall f-r his services. to be J -
teriv at the Treasury: and tbc Chief Ji'otice oi t i<
Supreme Court otthe United States shall receive the
sum of $10,500 per annum, and the justices ol the
Supreme Court of the United states shall receive
the sum of 810,000 per annum each, to be paid quar-
terly at the Treasury, the Secretary of btate, tin.
Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of W«r,
the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of tne
