m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am free to
say it is not. ' I am speaking of the estimates.
Mr. BAYARD. The estimates do not appear
in any way in the measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir, they
do not. They only appeared from the state-
ments of the Department, and they are only
to be inferred perhaps from the recommenda-
tions of the Secretary of the Navy, from the
class of vessels that he intends to construct,
and from what the Committee on Naval
Affairs understand to be the needs of the ser-
vice. Putting all these things together, the
estimate which has been made in the Navy
Department of the cost of this class of ships,
assuming that they are to be built of this class,
is that they will not exceed $4,000,000.
Mr. BAYARD. Then will my honorable
friend also tell me, as the bill contains no
limitation on the cost, where is the indication
of the class ? I can find none in the bill. That
is entirely left at large in the mind of the
Secretary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It would be,
but the Senator will see that ten steam ves-
sels 
Mr. CRAGIN. If my friend from Maine
will allow me one moment, the Senator from
Delaware will perceive that it will be impos-
sible to build these vessels without money. It
is the purpose*bf the Department to go before
the Committee on Appropriations with esti-
mates, and appropriations will be made for the
building of the vessels, if this bill shall pass,
in the naval appropriation bill, and there any
limitations as to cost, &c., that are necessary
can be made.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In reply to my
friend Irom Delaware I will say further that
the proposition is:
Ten stoain vessels of war, with auxiliary .steam
power, and oi'suehclass or classes as in his judgment
will best subsorvo tbe demands of the servieo, each
carrying six or move suns of large caliber.
_ My impression was that the limitation was
six to ten guns. I was mistaken ; it is not;
but I am willing that it should be bo.
Mr. BAYARD. The number of guns under
the present system of naval artillery does not
at all affect the tonnage of the ship, for the
Monarch and the Captain, 1 think, carry but
eight guns, and they are the largest war ves-
sels in the world. It pertains not to the num-
ber of guns, but their caliber. There may be
but two guns to a ship of two or three thou-
sand tons.
Mr. MORIiiLL, of Maine. The Senator
is undoubtedly right ; but this is the fact in
regard to it: we arc not building vessels
strictly as vessels of war. My understanding
is that the Navy Department does not propose
to build war vessels as if it contemplated a
foreign war. It does not enlarge your fleet of
war vessels, upon the idea that we are in danger
of foreign invasion, or in danger of foreign
complications by which we shall need to vie
with England and France in their iron-elads
or anything of that sort. It is simply that
there is a need of strengthening this arm of
the naval service in order to provide itself
with a naval police force in connection with"
the commerce of the country. That is the
object; so I think my honorable friend from
Maryland, whom I do not now see in his seat,
needlessly alarmed himself with the idea that
we were about to extemporize or enter upon
the construction of a navy to compete with
England and Franee and Germany, or any of
those European Powers which are in cotistaut
peril and must be on the defensive. It is true,
as he says, that wp are isolated ; nobody is
coming here to encounter us, probably; and
therefore that is not what is contemplated
here; that is not what is asked. It is simply
a class of vessels to do a service in connection
with your squadrons which are stationed in the
European and Asiatic seas, np and down the
Pacific coast and the Atlantic coast—nothing
more and nothing less—and as a police force
to protect your commerce. Everybody knows
that a police force on the seas is just as essen-
tial as a police on the land; wherever you
send your commerce, there you must send
your cruisers. That has been so since we
have been a Government, and before. That
is all thia bill is.
Now, sir, one word in regard to a proposi-
tion which I was very sorry to hear fall from
my honorable friend from Maryland, because
he is well informed; he has given this subject
a good deal of consideration, evidently; and
he has prepared a speech, and he has asserted
here in the Senate, and intends that it shall go
to the country, that the entire Navy of this coun-
try is of no use to the country anyway, that
there is no use for it. He.says all the service
of these vessels, so far as the squadrons are
concerned which we maintain in foreign and in
our own seas, is utterly, useless. Why, he says
there is no war feeling abroad anywhere ; all
is peace and good will all over the world; wg
are in no danger of having our commerce in-
terfered with. As long as we maintain squad-
rons in foreign seas, that is so, undoubtedly;
but how long is it since we had an engagement
down on the coast of Japan, where it was neces-
sary to punish some people who undertook to
interfere with our commerce ? How long would
it be, do you imagine, if your fleets and squad-
rons were withdrawn from the Asiatic seas,
before you would have trouble-with your com-
merce, and be obliged to call upon France or
England, or some other foreign Power, to pro-
tect you?
But I will not argue that proposition. I as-
sume that everybody knows in this age that
every maritime Power, every Power that main-
tains a merchant marine, particularly engaged
in foreign commerce, as we are, must neces-
sarily maintain a navy establishment to some
extent to protect it. That is just our condi-
tion. We have found from the earliest period
. that the establishment of a navy was accessary;
we have found that its continuance was neces-
sary ; and we have kept it up from time to
time, supported it, increased it, enlarged it,
according to circumstances; and just as we
have found our commerce spreading into re-
mote seas, so we have enlarged our naval
force, and so we have been obliged to do.
Now let us look for a moment and see what
we have got, see whether we have a navy. It
is pretty difficult, 1 know, to make Senators
who have not paid particular attention to ihis
subject understand exactly what we have.
We have a memory, now, all of us fresh, that a
great deal has been expended upon the Navy
in the last ten years. It is true that during
the war we spent nearly $60,000,000 upon the
Navy. We spent, I believe, about $40,000,000
in purchasing and causing ships to bo con-
structed in private yards, and about $20,000,000
was expended in the several navy-yards. Now,
the idea is. what has become of those ships?
Why talk about the lack of a navy in con-
nection with such immense expenditures?
Why, sir, I suppose everybody who is con-
versant with this subject knows that that navy
was constructed for a particular purpose, that
the ships constructed for that particular pur-
pose were exceptional, that they were not
what is demanded for cruisers. They were
constructed with reference to domestic rebel-
lion. They were to ascend your rivers; they
were to blockade your coast; and when the
war was over they were utterly worthless.
Take the sixty or seventy iron-clads that you
have got; they are utterly useless for this pur-
pose of cruising. Not one of them is worth a
penny. They are lying idle, rusting, and are
useless. They served a great end during their
day ; but when you talk of a navy further than
that they go to swell the number of ships m
your Navy they are of no consequence at all.
When the war began in 1861 we had ninety
vessels of war of all descriptions, and only
ninety. We then had thirty-six cruisers in
active service, cruising on 'the different sta-
tions, very much as they are now, not so many
in the Pacific seas. Suffice it to say, to show
what the condition of the Navy must, be, that
since 1858 not a single ship such as might be
called a war ship, in the sense of foreign war
or in the sense of a legitimate cruiser, has
been added to the Navy ; and here we are
talking about this subject in 1873, fifteen years
from that date. Well, sir, that is the life of
a navy. England is building to-day ten per
cent, as much tonnage as her whole navy, and
she does it annually, in order to keep up her
navy; and here is a Power, the second com-
mercial and maritime Power on the globe,
second only to England, that has not built
what you may call a ship of war, in the sense
in which we are talking, in the last fifteen
years. Does anybody wonder then that there
is a demand in the Navy for ships?
Mr. COLE. I should like to suggest to the
Senator at that point that we have been giv-
ing our attention to another branch of the
naval service, to wit, the torpedo arm, as he
is well aware, and there was nothing asked
for the construction of new vessels of the
ordinary kind provided for in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does my honor-
able friend think there is much pertinency in
what he is suggesting ? Those experiments of
torpedoes, I- suppose my honorable friend
understands, are simply with regard to the
defense of our harbors.
Mr. COLE. The appropriation was for tor-
pedo boats.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does my friend
understand that torpedo boats are suitable for
cruising purposes in the protection of the
commerce of the country? If he does, he
has not the same idea that I have at all.
Mr. COLE. No matter what.they were for;
they were called for by the Navy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is all the
difference in the world what they were for
If Senators solace themselves with the ides,
that we have a navy by talking about, the iron-
clads and the class of vessels extemporized for
particular purposes during the war, they greatly
deceive themselves. Those answered their
purpose. They are no longer of any use, so
far as the service now demanded for the pro-
tection of your commerce is concerned; and
that is what the Navy Department recom-
mends.
Now, Mr. President, I believe we have seven
naval stations in all, supplied by as many
squadrons; and if you will take the pains to
look at the report of the Secretary of the
Navy in a business way, you will see precisely
what the deficiency is, where it is, and why the
Secretary wants this class of small ships,
l'ake, for instance, the squadron in the Asiatic
seas. He has in it two large ships. They are
both of them too large for use, both of them
so large that they cannot enter Asiatic waters,
as is desirable. They are therefore too large
in that respect. They are too large in another
respect; they require too many men; they
require five hundred and thirty men to man
them, and, remember, we have only eighty-five
hundred men in all in the Navy. Those ships
are too unwieldy, too expensive. They are
very expensive to support, and they are old
ships. They are steamers altogether. You
sees that the proposition is here to build steam
and sailing vessels, to be used for sailiDg pur-
poses always, unless there is a particular
exigency for steam, and thereby making a
great economy.
>, ?nea'Jn all0tb.ei; respect, those ships are
built with none of the modern improvements.
In these twelve or fifteen years very great
improvements have been made in naval archi-
tecture, particularly in the power of propelling
ships, .therefore the Secretary says, for eco-
nomical reasons both in men and in fuel in
the expense of maintaining the ships and in
speed, it has become absolutely necessary to
construct this class of vessels. In the conclu-
sion of his recommendation of this year, which
