1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Interior, the Attorney-General, and the Postmaster
General shall receive $10,000 per annum each
for their services; and each Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury, State, and Interior Departments
shall receive as annual compensation, to be paid
quarterly, $6,500; and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives shall receive compensation at the
rate of $10,000 per annum, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress and Delegates from the Ter-
ritories admitted to a seat in Congress, including
Senators, Representatives, • and Delegates in the
Forty-Second Congress, shall receive compensation
at the rate of $7,500 per annum each, and in lieu of
mileage there shall be allowed to each Senator, Rep-
resentative, and Delegate, including those of the
Forty-Second Congress, his actual expenses from
his place of residence to "Washington city, at the
commencement of each session of Congress, and
return, to be certified in a bill of items, to be filed
as a voucher; and the sum of $1,200,000, or so much
thereof us may be necessary, is hereby appropriated
therefor.
Mr. HAWLEY, ol Connecticut. I raise
the point of order on the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.,]
that it is not germane to the amendment re-
ported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that it is new legislation.
The CHARMAN. One point of order only
can be entertained at a time. The Chair over-
rules the point of order of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Hawley,] that this amend-
ment is not germane. The Chair will now
hear the point of order of the gentleman from
Indiana, TMr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that all points of order raised against any
proposition must be submitted at the same
time. The gentleman from Connecticut raised
the point of order that this amendment was
not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. And the Chair over-
ruled that point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I raise the point of
order that each one of the salaries enumerated
in this proposed amendment is fixeit by law;
and the effect of this amendment is to change
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that so
much of this amendment as provides for an
increase of existing salaries is in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And that
is all there is of the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does their Chaii' overrule
my point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that so
much of this amendment as increases salaries
is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The effect of the decision
of the Chair is to strike out only so much of
this amendment as relates to the salaries of
Assistant Secretaries, perhaps. I must appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not
decided that there is anything in this amend-
ment beyond increase of salaries. The Chair
understands the point raised by the gentleman
from Indiana to be that it is not in order to
increase salaries now fixed by law.
Mr. WILLARD. Allow me to suggest that
the point of order goes further than that.
Mr. PERCE. I object to debate on a point
of order.
Mr. WILLARD. This amendment pro-
vides that salaries shall hereafter be so and so.
I make the point of order that that is new
legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has repeat-
edly had occasion to rule upon the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman.] The history of the rule upon
which the Chair has based his decision has
been laid before the Committee of the Whole
on a previous occasion. The Chair will ask
the Clerk to read that rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment."—Rule 120. [It has been decided that under
this rule it is not in order to propose an amendment
to a general appropriation bill which changes an
existing law. But it was also decided that the lat-
ter branch of the rule not only permitted amend-
ments increasing salaries but was framed for that
very purpose.]
The CHAIRMAN. The history of the last
clause of the rule "and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several Departments of the
Government" is this: some twenty-five years
ago, when the rule existed without that clause,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means offered an amendment increasing the
compensation of custom-house officers. The
point of order was raised that the amendment
was not in conformity to existing laws, and
that point of order was sustained. The next
day the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means moved this additional clause as an
amendment to the rule ; and it was adopted
by the House for the purpose of making it in
order for him to move to increase the com-
pensation of officers of customs. From that
day till the present session of Congress the
ruling under that rule has been uniform.
Some seven years ago, while the present occu-
pant of the chair happened to be in it in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] raised the same point of
order ; and this same history of the rule was
presented to the committee. The decision of
the Chair at that time, corresponding with
that which he now makes, was sustained by the
Committee of the Whole.
The Chair is aware that upon two occasions
during the present session the Committee of
the Whole have overruled the Chair in mak-
ing this decision. Since that, however, the
Committee of the Whole has sustained the
Chair in the same decision. The Chair has no
doubt whatever that it is-in conformity to. the
rules of the House. Therefore, so far as this
amendment provides for increasing official
compensation or salaries now fixed by law,
the Chair rules it in order. Prom that decis-
ion the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
Mr. BEATTY. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to, there being—
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether his ruling goes to the extent of
affirming that a salary may be permanently
increased by a provision of law. I supposed
the ruling only went to this extent: that an
appropriation for paying a salary for the next
fiscal year could be increased.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it is in
order to fix an increase of salary; but he does
not rule that it will not be within the power of
Congress to diminish it. [Laughter. Shall
this decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?
The question being taken; it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 29.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DONNAN. I raise the point of order
that this amendment in substance if not ver-
batim has once before during this session been
negatived by the House, and that therefore it
is not now in order to tack it upon an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. And everybody is very
sorry it was negatived. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The point raised by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Doman] depends
upon a question of fact. If the gentleman
will point out the occasion upon which this
proposition has been voted on, the Chair will
rule upon the point. It is not within the
knowledge of the Chair that this same pro-
vision has been passed upon ; and as the gen-
tleman refers to no fact in support of his point,
the Chair overrules it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a few words on this amendment. The
first part of it raises the salary of the President
of the United States. When that matter was
first brought before the Committee on the Ju-
diciary I was opposed to it, because I thought
that although the salary of the President has
never been directly increased, yet that we had
by legislation at various times added to the
furniture of the White House and the perqui-
sites of the President so as to make a sub-
stantial increase of salary. I took great pains
to ascertain the facts on this point, and I ob-
tained a copy of an inventory of property fur-
nished to the White House for the use of the
President in the time of John Adams. I find
by this inventory, which I shall make a part
of my remarks, that we not only iiJthose days
provided liberally for the furniture of 'the
White House, but that we stocked the Presi-
dent's stable. Among the items in this inven-
tory I find the following:
Stable.—Seven well-looking horses chiefly ad-
vanced in years, 1 set elegant plated harness for
four horses in good order, 1 set brass harness for
four horses, 1 elegant chariot, one good coach, 1
saddle and holdsters, 1 market wagon.
Thus it appears that at that time it was
thought proper and right for ther Government
not only to provide furniture for the Executive
Mansion, but to provide the President with
his horses and his carriages.
I submit the inventory to which I have
referred.
Inventory of the furniture in the President's Souse, the
property of the United States, taken February 26,
1801.
First floor.
No. 1.—Dining-room, north front, west end: 5
window curtains, 2 side-boards, (with table orna-
ments,) 4 dozen chairs, (black and gold,) 1 Brussels
carpet, (with green baize cover.) No glasses.
No. 2.—Levee-room, south front, west end: 5 win-
dow curtains, 23 mahogany chairs, 2 mahogany side-
boards, 2 mahogany card tables, 2 small looking-
glasses, 2 sconces and ebimney ornaments, 5 patent
lamps, 1 pair andirons, (fender, shovel and tongs,)
1 Brussels carpet.
No. 3.—Breakfast-room: 2 easy chairs, 13 mahog-
any chairs, I sideboard, 1 double breakfast table,
1 small breakfast table, 2 window curtains, 1 looking-
glass, 3 girandoles, (with lamps,) 1 Brussels carpet,
1 pair shovel and tongs, 1 common carpet, fender, 2
japanned plate warmers.
No. 4.—President's drawing-room, (now serving
as the south entrance of the house,) 1 mahogany
dining table, (in four parts,) 1 common carpet.
This room is vastly deficient in furniture.
No. 5.—Lodging-room: 1 bed, complete, window
curtains, 5 mahogany chairs, 1 sofa, 1 bureau, 1
small glass, 1 night table, I pair andirons, shovel and
tongs, fender, 1 Brussels carpet.
No. 6.—Grand hall: 1 pine dining table in seven
parts, 2 ten-plate stoves, 1 clock, 1 sideboard table.
Floor laid with common carpeting.
Second floor.
No. 7.—-Common bed-room, east end, north front:
1 field-bed complete, 1 sofa, 3 mahogany chairs,
1 tablo, 1 small looking-glass, 1 washing stand.
No. 8.—Bed-room: 1 bed, complete, 5 mahogany
chairs, 1 wardrobe, 1 bureau, 1 table, 1 wash-stand,
1 looking-glass, 1 pair andirons, fender, shovel and
tongs, 1 window curtain, 1 common carpet.
No. 9.—Store-room, containing cornice for win-
dows, pieces of carpet, &c.
No. 10,—Dressing-room, west end, south front:
1 bed, complete, (excepting curtains,) 1 sofa, 1 ward-
robe, 2 chairs, Inight table, 1 common carpet.
No. 11.—President's bed-room: 1 bed, complete,
white dimity curtains, 1 easy ehair, 5 mahogany
chairs, 1 washstand, 1 wardrobe, 1 night table, 1
bureau, 1 breakfast table, 1 pine toilet table, 1 pair
and irons, shovel ana tongs,and fender, 1 Brussels
carpet, 1 chamber glass, 1 dressing-glass, in tolerable
order.
No, 12.—President's office: 2 mahogany tables
covered with green cloth, 1 wardrobe, 1 desk, 1 wash-
ing stand, 1 small table, 1 pair shovel and tongs,
fender, window curtains, Brussels carpet, chamber
lookmg-glass.
No. 13.—Ladies' drawing-room: 32 mahogany
chairs, 2 sofas, 2 card tables, 1 pair brass andirons,
shovel and tongs, fender, 1 Brussels carpet, 5 Dam-
ask, 2 looking-glasses, (too small for the room,)l pair
of dusters, i girandoles, with lamps complete. Be-
longing to this room is a bhandelier of considerable
value not yetunpacked.
No. 14.—Secretary's office: 1 bed, complete, 1 desk
and book-case, 7 mahogany chairs, 2 mahogany ta-
bles covered with green cloth, 1 card table, 2 pine
eases for papers, 1 washing stand, 2 window curtains,
1 pair shovel and tongs, fender, 1 Brussels carpet.
No. 15.—Hall: 1 common carpet, 1 sofa.
No. 16.—Back staircase: carpeted complete.
No. 17.—Room east end, north side: tubs, buck-
ets, and a variety of lurnbef.
No. 18.—Room: 1 painted u:>or cloth, not in use, 1
safe.
No. 19.—Kitchen: furniture of all kinds in abund-
ance.
No. 20.—Washing-room: benches, tables, &c.
No. 21.—Steward's room: we.!t and south front, 1
bed complete, 1 looking-glass,! bureau, 1 mahogany
