1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
is chiefly an allusion to what was said last year,
he says:
" This subject has been constantly pressed upon
the attention of Congress, and I again repeat it be-
cause I am constantly warned, as ship after ship is
withdrawn from active service and laid up without
hope of usefulness in the future, that the limit of
our old resources is being rapidly reached, and with-
out new material our active force on several stations
must rapidly decrease until our cruising navy will in
a few years almost entirely disappear."
Now, Mr. President, if I have succeeded in
drawing the attention of Senators to the pre-
cise point without elaborating it or without
any attempt to argue it. I submit to the Sen-
ate whether for cruising purposes, for the pnr-
pose of cruising in the seas where your squad-
rons are stationed, it is not both economy and
an absolute necessity that you recruit your war
VGi330lc
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I listened
to day with great interest and respect to the
very able and impressive speech of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton.] I con-
sider that in that speech there is much valu-
able food for reflection by the American people,
and I trust that it will have a wide circulation
and an appreciative hearing. Although I may
not agree with him in all his conclusions, and
I certainly do not in respect to the present
measure, yet at the same time I think there is
in what lie has said, and in many of the reasons
he has given for his proposed vote on this
measure, much that is of great value to the
country.
I do not propose at this time to make this
measure the basis for a criticism upon the past
conduct and administration of our naval affairs.
The reports of the Secretary of the Navy for
the last seven years, and especially those dur-
ing the present Administration, have been a
melancholy confession. A peace establish-
ment, at a time unruffled by a speck of war,
has been brought to cost what ought to have
maintained a war establishment, and the evils
which year after year have been pointed out
and deplored have been left thus far without a
remedy, and not only without a cure, but they
have intensified and increased as time has
passed on. Such are the facts conceded by
every gentleman of either party who has spoken
in this Chamber, that there is, as many have
said, no navy worthy of the name ; and when
you consider that admission coupled with the
records of the vast sums that have been spent
to make and maintain a Navy, 1 say the con-
fession is a sad one. It is humiliating, and
the party or the administrative officer in regard
to whom it is said has, in my opinion, a serious
question to answer to the American people.
But, sir, 1 do not propose to do more than
eonsiderthe present: and when an appropriation
is asked for the maintenance of any arm of the
public service of thisGovernment, 1 prefer very
much not to ask myself whether the admin-
istration that demands it is. one in power by
my voice or in power aeainst my best efforts.
I would prefer as a legislator to consider only
the subject upon its own merits, and not to
tack to it questions of party feelings or of
party bias, which, however justifiable they
may be, however sound they may be as ob-
jections, cannot really affect the measure or
ought not to affect it as a measure touching
the interests of the entire people.
I am compelled to differ with the honorable
Senator from Maine, and I do so always with
diffidence in regard to a matter of this kind in
which his experience is so much greater than
ruy own, but I do think that the proposition
of the House bill as to the number of vessels
to be built, with the guards which they place
upon their construction, forms altogether a
wiser measure than the one which is sought
now to be substituted by the amendment of
the Senate Committee on Naval Affairs.
In tbe first place, vessels of this class are,
admittedly, an experiment.. There is some-
thing very vague in both propositions, the
Senate proposition being the worse, in my
opinion, in that respect of the two. I confess i
that it is strange to me that the Secretary of !
the Navy should not have accompanied his ;
communication to the President, or that our
Naval Committee should not have brought to j
the Senate the very necessary feature of an ;
estimate of the cost of these ships. j
The bill is defective in many particulars. It 1
does not state of what class these vessels are '
to be built. It does not state the tonnage of
these vessels in any way. It does not state :
the very important matter of their cost. And ;
these points I consider are essentials of legis- ;
lation which ought to have been provided for
us by the committee, and which I shall hope i
myself to do, much less efficiently than they j
could have done, to remedy by amendment j
before this bill shall pass. ;
The revolution in ship-building, in naval j
architecture, in the science of artillery, has been
very great during the last ten years. Thiscoun- j
try certainly must be prepared to keep abreast j
with the improvementof modem times, and this .
can only be reached by constant and frequent
and perhaps expensive experiment. Thepres- :
ent bill—1 will consider the Senate measure— '
provides for ten steam vessels of war, with auxil- ,
lary sail-power, of such class or classes as, in
the judgment of the Secretary of the Navy,
shall best subserve the demands of the Navy.
The only limitation upon them—and that is
not a particularly wise one—is that they shall
not carry less than six guns of large caliber.
That is a limitation of the minimum. Now,
what size of vessels do the committee propose '
to build under this bill ? They have nowhere
in the bill indicated it. It will not do to say
that probably vessels of a certain size only
will be built. It certainly is vicious legisla-
tion where you propose to expend enormous
sums of money without having limitations, or
without knowing, indeed, to what purpose you
are applying them.
At page 5 of the report of the "Secretary of
the Navy we find that he recommends as the
wisest economy that means should be afforded
and "authority to build a number of small
active cruisers, of live-oak or of irou.:! What
does he mean by "small, active cruisers?''
The comparative size of vessels has entirely
changed, and vessels which were considered
enormous in the time spoken of by my friend
from New Jersey, when he thoughtthe Ameri-
can Navy was of such vast proportions, would
be meie cockle-shells compared with vessels
of the first class of the present day. But on
turning to page 189 of this report will be found
a communication Irom Mr. ilanscomb. chief
of the Bureau of Construction and Repair,
which, being so appended by the Secretary of
the Navy, and referred to by him with approval,
may be supposed to contain the substance of
what he desires to effect by the present bill.
I read from the report of .Mr. Hanscotnb :
''From official report? England ha^ now under
construction twenty-two vessels of war, three of
wl>ieh are onty iron-armored and nineteen un-
aiuiored, her policy being add about twenty
thousand tons to her navy of new vessels every
year. .
"The class of vessels wanted most of ah m our
isavy are those of medium sU.:, with lull ste.im-
power, eifrht to twelve suns ot largo caMher. and
with all the modern improvements. Tbe steam
pi ver should be sufficient tor a speed ol thirteen to
I'll teen knots in favorable e ire um^tauees, comprising,
li ueeessary, lull saii-powrr, and otber points ol
minor consequence, for the required speed. Speed
under stomal—tor that vvoulu be the only power
used in fighting a powerful battery—and hundiness
are the important lighting properties ot'awarvessel,
and which must bo first considered, and then, other
points combining, a good man-of-war will be pro-
duced. "
From this I suppose it would be reasonable
to infer that the chief of the naval Bureau of
Construction and Repair approves of' the pro-
gress of Great Britain in ibis particular, and
proposes in a certain degree to imitate it.
(<reat Britain increases her navy, then, by
twenty-two vessels every year, averaging about
nine hundred tons. It would seem from the
influential approval given by the chief of the
Bureau of Construction that tbe vessels de-
sired now by the naval Department are vessels
of medium size, with all steam facilities com-
bined with sailing auxiliary. I suggest to the
committee who have brought in this' bill
whether it would not be proper to limit the
size of these vessels by the present hill so that
they shall not exceed nine hundred tons, and
next to specify what number shall be armored
and what portion shall not be, and not leave
the whole matter in the utterly vague way
which the bill now proposes in the discretion
of the Secretary of the Navy ?
In order that the Senate may know pre-
cisely what is to bfc done under this bill, and
exercise their own discretion upon their own
responsibility, I shall offer an amendment fol-
lowing what I believe to be the reasons which
have induced the Secretary of the Navy to make
this application, and the committee to act upon
it so favorably—an amendment to limit the
size of these vessels to nine hundred tons each,
making that the maximum. It is very well
known that the vessel which gave so much
trouble to the American Navy, and so success-
fully defied it daring the whole civil war, the
Alabama, was of a less tonnage than nine
hundred; I think about six hundred. The
Kearsarge, which destroyed her, I am in-
formed was about six hundred tons. By
examining the Navy Register I find that the
Iroquois, one of the most useful and swift
vessels in our Navy, has a tonnage of six hun-
dred and ninety-five. Therefore, by prescrib-
ing that the maximum tonnage of any of these
proposed vessels shall not exceed nine hun-
dred, tons, there is some limit to the proposi-
tion. Under the bill as presented to the Sen-
ate by the Committee on Naval Affairs there
is none, and the vessels may be five thousand
tons burden, because there is nothing in the
caliber of guns which affects the size of the ship.
As I have said, this is an experiment. We
all know enough of the change that has pro-
ceeded for some ten years at the cost of
American shipping, by which England has got
the start of us, to know that it came from
changing the material of ships from wood to
iron. I think it would be a sensible and just
proposition that these vessels should be one
half of each character : that is tosay, that one
half of the proposed set should be armored
vessels and the other half of wood. We find
that in England the proportion of armored
vessels is even less, being one sixth of the
vessels, annually built there.
Mr. CRAG1N. Will the Senator explain
what he means by armored vessels?
Mr. BAYARD. I mean vessels of wood
frame covered by iron plates. The phrase is
one perfectly well known in naval architecture,
and it is one used by the chief of the Bureau
of Construction in his report, and for that
purpose I adopted it.
Mr. CRAG IN. I so understood it: bat I
supposed the Senator might mean to apply it
to iron frames.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that any
vessels are bnilt of iron frames only : wood is
essential to ail iron vessels; and the phrase
•'armored vessels'' seems to be perfectly un-
derstood by our Bureau of Construction, for
thev refer to this class of vessels in the report
1 have before me as armored ships, and say that
Great Britain is building them, and they seem
to commend her example. I propose, as this
material of naval architecture is becoming so
widely adopted and so beneficially, that as we
intend this bill very much as an experiment to
keep our Navy abreast with the navies of the
world in the march of improvement in naval
architecture, we should have vessels of both
materials in equal number, so that by the test
of time, of their cost, of their relative speed
and capacity, we may know which to provide
in the future.
I wish also that there could be a money
