1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
a substitute, I will try and do the next best
thing, and see if those who, in ray opinion,
need this additional compensation cannot ob-
tain it from this House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] whether he offers this amendment in
support of the position he has assumed here
to-night that the Government is running very
much behind ? And then I will ask him a
further question, and he can answer them both
together, whether if his amendment is adopted
he will support this bill; or is he offering his
amendment in that oily gammon manner in
which he generally offers his amendments?
Mr. DAWES. So much of the gentleman's
inquiry as it becomes him to put to me I will
answer with all frankness. I offer this amend-
ment because I think the officers of the cus-
tom-house service render a most efficient and
valuable service to the Government, and are
the most poorly compensated of any in the
public service. I offer it because I think it
will tend to the efficiency and purity of that
branch of the service by shielding those men
from temptations to which they are more ex-
posed than anybody else in the public service,
and thereby to some extent increase and aug-
ment the public revenue. So much of the
gentleman's inquiry I answer.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman does
not answer all my questions.
Mr. DAWES, it is not worthy of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredoe] to put
such question to me as his last one.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman told me
that he would answer the two questions I put to
him in the spiritin which they were put. lasked
him if he offered his amendmentin good faith,
and whether if it was adopted he would sup-
port this measure. He admitted that that por-
tion of my question was proper, and yet he
declines to answer it.
Mr. DAWES. I do notdecline to answer it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman did not
answer it,
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman was a little
too impatient about it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Now, will the gentleman
just be patient a little while I am opposed to
the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Botler]
as it now stands. I think it will be much im-
proved by the adoption of the amendment I
have offered. I offer it in good faith to im-
prove that amendment if it shall be adopted.
I intend to vote against the whole thing.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Yes, exactly; I sup-
posed it was offered in that spirit; I supposed
that was the tactics of the gentleman, that he
did not present his proposition in good faith.
I understood that to be the course of the gen-
tleman here to-night. I have heard no man
here to-night—not even the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Hawley,] not any of the
gentlemen who oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler]—say in his place that his services were
not worth what that amendment proposes to
give him. I have heard no man say he would
not take this increase of salary if it was given
to him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. There are thousands of men
whose salaries do not exceed the amount
named in the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] who do not
earn a dollar. There are numbers of col-
lectors in the United States who do not have
the care and handling of enough money to
pay their salaries.
Mr. DAWES. Then they ought to be dis-
charged.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts proposes that we shall raise all
these salaries twenty-five per cent. I am
utterly surprised at the proposition. The
main part of the revenue of the country is
collected in New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and New Orleans; while there are
hundreds, if not thousands, of officers all
over the United States whose places are per-
fect sinecures. Yet the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts would raise all
these Salaries twenty-five per cent. Whatever
may be said in regard to the increase of con-
gressional and other pay, I believe th is amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
be the most monstrous proposition in the way
of increasing salaries that has ever been
offered.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Dawes, it was not agreed to; there
being—ayes nine, noes not counted.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,
Mr. POTTER moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " $7,500" and inserting
"$6,500."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The qhestion again recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
Mr. COBURN obtained the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very late—nearly
one o'clock. [Laughter.] I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. COBURN. I claim my right to the
floor. ■
Mr. HOLMAN. As my colleague desires
the floor, I withdraw my motion for a moment.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out so much of the amendment as provides
for increasing the pay of the President, Vice
President, and members of the Senate and
House of Represenatives. Mr. Chairman, I
do not think 1 undervalue the services of mem-
bers of Congress. I.believe that no member of
Congress, unless he practices strict economy
and has a small family, can live upon $5,000 a
year comfortably.
A Member. Suppose he has a large family.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COBURN. If he has a large family,
I suppose he must vote on the other side of
this question. [Laughter.] But this is not
a laughing matter after all, with the people.
We come here with no understanding that our
salaries should be raised this year. It was no
proposition before the people. On the con-
trary, if there was one thing well understood,
it was that we along with the people would
practice economy and endeavor to pay the
national debt. In view of the national debt
more than anything else, I am against raising
salaries just now. I do not know but that I
would be willing to raise the salaries of officers
who receive small pay—salaries below say
$2,000. But I think we are beginning at the
wrong end.
Mr. L. MYERS. How does the gentleman
feel about the letter-carriers 1
Mr. COBURN. I am in favor of increas-
ing the pay of the letter-carriers and of all
men who earn but a mere pittance. In saying
this 1 am not practicing demagogery and seek-
ing to get credit by advocating the cause of
the poor man in contradistinction from the
rich man. I do not think that members of
Congress are overpaid for their services. If
they were allowed §8,000 a year, they would
not be paid too much. But that is not now
the question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire the
indulgence of the committee for one moment.
I do not wish to make any factious opposition
to what may be the will of the Committee of
the Whole or the House. But I do desire
that one thought in regard to our expenditures
shall be put into the mind of every man will-
ing to receive it. Our annual expenditure
for the year ending the 30th ot last June was
$259,500,000 in round numbers. Of this
amount §2tJ,71G,000 was for salaries, including
the pay of the Army, the Marine corps, and
the Navy. This includes all salaries paid to
laborers in the direct service of the Govern-
ment. In other words, about one tenth of all
the expenditures of the Government is for
salaries.
Now, I wish gentlemen to consider this
point: if you take a group of som# twenty-
five persons out of the seventy thousand em-
ployes of the Government and raise their
salaries about forty per cent., ought you not,
as a matter of equity to make a relative
increase of salaries throughout the entire
Government? Ought you not to make the
increase general?
Where can you reasonably stop if you begin
here with our salaries here in the Capitol?
What logic can keep you from going on through
the entire breadth of the public service, until
you increase these $26,000,000 about forty per
cent.? I do not believe we ought to say there
should be an increase; but I think there ought
to be a general salary bill covering the whole
of our civil service, our naval and military
service ; and on such general bill, including
members of Congress, 1 would cheerfully vote.
I do not desire to get any large or small credit
for special virtue in regard to my own salary
or that of my fellow-associates. I do not
know that any one else does; but when we
act on this subject we ought to act compre-
hensively, with the whole field before us, so
we can say to the country we are acting on
the whole "civil service of the country.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, it is now
ten minutes to one o'clock, and I move the
committee rise.
The committee then divided; and there
were—ayes 47, noes 71.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment; which was disagreed to.
Mr. DONNAN. I move to strike out
"seventy-five hundred'' and insert "five
thousand."
The CHAIRMAN. That is the sum fixed
by law now.
Mr. DONNAN. Then I will make it
$5,500. I desire to say, Mr. Chairman,
there seems to be here to-night a very un-
worthy attempt on the part of what is evidently
a large majority to place the minority thus
opposing the amendment of the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bdt-
leb] in a ridiculous light, and to intimate
there is no sincerity in their opposition to this
J proposition, and but for that 1 doubt whether.
1 should occupy one moment, of your lime at
this late hour. I give you due notice now, if
this amendment shall carry to pay each mem-
ber of the present Congress $7,500,1 will draw
that sum as quickly as any other member of
this House. [Lauginer.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. No one doubts that.
Mr. DONNAN. While my services are not
worth one per cent, of those ot the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler.] who offers tliis amendment,
yet I am his peer on this floor by name, if in
no other way, and I shall draw the same pay
the law authorizes him to draw.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Even the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will take it.
Mr. DONNAN. But I desire to say further
it is my candid opinion, and I cannot but be-
lieve it is the candid opinion of the House,
there is no real necessity for this. _ As has
been well said, the present salary is worth
more by nearly $1,000 than it was four years
ago. It purchases more. I doubt whether
this House to-night would have remained for
three hours in session, and now be in session
at one o'clock, if any other business had
been before the House than the one to
increase the pay of members.
If any other business had been before the
House, it would have been left without a quo-
rum long ago. It is astonishing how patriotic
members ot Congress have become when the
question is whether they shall vote themselves
