1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
$2,600 more per year. Now let me change
the position of the question for one moment.
Suppose the distinguished member from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] reported a bill from
his committee recommending the payment of
an additfcnal sum of money—some $2,500—
to a claimant who had already been paid the
price of a contract which he had entered into
with the Government; after they had paid him
all they had agreed to pay him according to the
agreement of the contract, to pay him $2,500
more 
Mr. NEGLEY. Had not the gentleman
better suppose a land grab in Iowa?
Mr. DONNAN. Suppose a proposition
asking the House to appropriate $2,500 more
when the Government had paid the man all
he had contracted for, would any respectable
majority stand here upon this floor and vote
for any such propostion ? Yet we stand pre-
cisely in that position of voting ourselves
$2,500 when we have received all we have
contracted to receive.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the com-
mittee to let us rise.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 93, noes 71.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Garfield of Ohio,
were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
offer the following amendment, which is in
main the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations:
Add to the amendment the following:
And tboro is hereby appropriated a sum sufficient
to make the annual salaries of such of the clerks in
the office of the House of Representatives as receive
$2,500 and upward, (including the petition clerk and
printing clerk.) and not increased in this act, §>3,000
each ; and of such as receive $2,160. the sum of $2,500
each; and of such as receive$1,800, the sum of 12,160
each; and of the clerks of the following committees,
namely: Claims, Judioiary. Public Lands, Military
Affairs, and Elections, $2,500 each; the Doorkeeper
of the House, $3,000; and additional pay to the
chief engineer, $3()0, (so as to equalize his pay with
that of the chief engineer of the Senate,) and addi-
tional pay to the foreman of laborers, $120 per
annum. And it is hereby provided that the in-
crease of compensation of the officors, clerks, and
others in the employ of the Senate and House of
Representatives shall apply to the present Congross,
and a sum sufficient therefor is hereby appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
offer an amendment to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair.) The Chair would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] if
the words of the amendment are the words
which have just been stricken out?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir ;
with an additional clause.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
change the "$1,800" in the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, to
"$1,700." I find there are a number of
clerks who have salaries amounting to a little
over $1,700, and the limit $1,800 will not
include them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to make that modification.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
be so modified.
Mr. BURDETT. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following words:
And the messenger in charge of the documents in
the offico of the Clerk of the House the sum of $2,160
per annum; and such as now receive SI,440, the sum
of $1,800 each per annum: and such as now receive
$3 60 per day, the sum of $1,800 each per annum.
Mr. BURDETT. I offer this amendment
in order that while we are professing to do
equity to our own employes, we may really
do equity as between the different classes of
them. The amendment I have offered relates
to a class of employes in the Clerk's office who
happen to receive a sum less than $1,800,
the least sum to which the proposed in-
creases apply under the amendments hereto-
fore offered. I instance, Mr. Chairman, the
gentleman who is in charge of the document-
room below, uuder the Clerk of the House.
He is called a messenger, and in order that
gentlemen may understand who he is and why
I select him as an instance of the clerks to
whom my amendment applies, I beg to say
that I refer to Mr. Clark, who has charge of
the room where we have our boxes, where our
documents are kept, and where there is a
registry of all the bills, &c. We know that
Mr. Clark is a most laborious man, that there
is placed upon him as much labor as falls
upon any man in the employ of the House.
He remains here during the vacation. He
does not go home, returning to labor here
merely while we are in session.
I submit to the House that it is not the just
course merely to begin at the head and select
out a few of the better paid employes,
although I do not antagonize them, for I
believe it is just to give them an increase of
pay. But while we are doing that let us be
equally just to the men who are receiving a
less salary for a larger amount of work than
many of those to whom the amendment which
has been submitted in this printed slip, and
which is now offered by the gentlemen from
Massachusetts, applies. I hope the committee
will agree to the amendment I have offered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that at this late
hour we can scarcely proceed to vote with
proper deliberation upon so grave a question
as this, and I move that the committee rise.
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes 46, noes 66.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BURCHARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
for the purpose of saying that the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] selects out the men who are employed
here during the session, and most of whose
services terminate with the session, those who
receive the highest pay, and leaves out other
equally meritorious clerks. It seems to me
that this is partiality. You leave those who
work during the whole year without any in-
crease o fpay. If you propose to increase the
compensation of your clerks and employes
you ought to extend it to all the employes
about the House.
Mr. BURDETT. Allow me to say that the
men included in my amendment are of the
class who work during the whole year.
Mr. BURCHARD. I am aware of that.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment offered by Mr. Burdett ;
and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, as amended.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to add that the
clerk of the Committee on Patents and Pri-
vate Land Claims be paid $1,800 per annum.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend by add-
ing the clerk of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the Commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 65, noes 55.
The Committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Potter having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Dawes reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
according to order had under consideration the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the leg-
islative, executive and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, and had come
to no conclusion thereon,
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
(at one o'clock and seventeen minutes a. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOLES: Petitions of citizens of
Washington county, Arkansas, asking that the
proof required of homestead settlers be author-
ized to be made before a clerk of a court of
record having a seal.
Also, petitions of soldiers and sailors of
Arkansas, asking a modification of the home-
stead laws.
Also, the petition of John B. Bezzo, pub-
lisher of the Transcript and Eye of the West,
newspaper in the town of Dardanelle, Yell
county, Arkansas, on postal matters.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of citizens
of Port Austin, Detroit, Michigan, and of
Toledo and Sandusky, Ohio, in favor of an
appropriation for a harbor on Lake Huron, at
Port Austin, Michigan.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The memo-
rial of Henry G. Bulkley, praying the exten-
sion of his patent for kiln-drying lumber, grain,
flour, meal, and other substances.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of E.
Bigelow and others, and the petition of F. T.
Whiting and others, praying the removal of
stamp duties imposed by schedule C.
By Mr. McHENRY: The petition of Isaac
C. Snyder, for a pension.
By Mr. MANSON: The petition of Joseph
I. Crane, James Crane, Henry H. Crane,
George W. Crane, A. G. Richardson, John
Noggle, J. W. Slack, George Gallaway, G. W.
Lockhartj and 35 others, citizens of Fountain
county, Indiana, praying the speedy amend-
ment of the postal laws by Congress so as to
extend the money-order system to every post
office in the United States.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of J. Blair,
Meade & Baker, R. W. Powers & Co., and
others, druggists, perfumers, and manufac-
turers of proprietary medicines and medicinal
preparations, &c., of Richmond, Virginia,
praying the repeal of schedule C, by which
manufacturers are taxed by stamps.
By Mr. SAWYER: A joint resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking appropria-
tions for the improvement of the harbors at
the mouths of the Menomonee and Oconto
rivers.
By Mr. ROGERS, of New York: The peti-
tion of members of the bar of Clinton county,
New York, in favor of increase of salaries of
circuit and district judges of the United States
serving in the State of New York.
By Mr. TUTHILL: The petition of Van
Decison Brothers and others, praying the re-
peal of stamp duties uniter schedule C.
By Mr. WALLACE: The petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, asking relief for A.
W. Thompson and H. L. Goss.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 24, 1873.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
the proceedings of Saturday last was dispensed
with.
credentials.
Mr. HILL presented the credentials of Hon.
John B. Gordon, chosen by the Legislature
of Georgia a Senator from that State for the
term beginning March 4, 1873; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
