1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PROMOTIONS IN THK NAVY
Mr. ARCHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3602) to regulate promotions on the active list
in the Navy; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. STORM submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to inquire whatsum
of money will be required to complete the Wash-
ington monument, in the city of Washing ton, ac-
cording to the original plan and design for the
erection of the same, and to report the facts to this
House; also to inqnire and report whether any
change in the proposed plan and design is expe-
dient.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. CARROLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3603) to prevent the abuse of the frank-
ing privilege, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
HOWARD F. MOFFAT.
Mr. CARROLL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3604) for the relief of Howard P.
Moffat; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PENOBSCOT RIVER, MAINE.
Mr. PETERS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
Mesolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause a survey to be made of the Penobscot river,
in the State of Maine, between Bangor and Med-
way, with a view to its improvement, and to afford
greater facilities and further protection to the inter-
ests of commerce.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3605) making an appropriation to protect
the approaches to the custom-house at Ban-
gor, Maine ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
ALEXANDER SWIFT AND COMPANY.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3G0G) for the relief of Alexander Swift &
Co.; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. STEVENSONalso introducedabill (H.
R. No. 3607) for the relief of Alexander Swift
& Co. and the Niles Works; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PRETENDED COUNTERFEITERS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3608) to punish pretended
counterfeiters of the currency and coin of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
SCJRVB1" OF THE ISTHMUS.
Mr. BANKS introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 183) directing a survey of the isthmus
between Valencia point and Changenola river
on the Atlantic coast, and Boca Chiea and
the upper part of Gulfo Dolce on the Pacific
const; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on loreign Affairs.
REPORT OF LIGHT-HOUSE BOARD.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing :
Hi mi/verl. That fifteen hundred copies of the illus-
trated report of the laRht-llouse Board be printed ; I
livu hundred copies of which shall be for the use of
the Seume, and ouo thousand copies for thou-so oi j
the liouso. I
PROMOTIONS IS THE ARMY.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3609) to provide
that no person shall be promoted in the Army
who is addicted to the intemperate use of in-
toxicating liquors or drags; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Babcock, one of his Secretaries,
announced that the President had approved
and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams;
An act (H. R. No. 3183) to authorize the
examination of certain banks;
An act (H. R. No. 2987j to authorize the
erection of a public building at Evansville,
Indiana; and
An act (H. R. No. 2865) to fix the com-
pensation of gangers and measurers at the port
of Boston.
The message also announced that the bill
(H. R. No. 2900) for the relief of A. D.
Cochran having been received by the Presi-
dent on the 7th of January, 1873, and not
having been returned by hitn within ten days,
prescribed by the Constitution, had become a
law without his approvaL
per80nal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Smith] desires to make a brief
personal explanation. Is there objection ?
There was no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. On Saturday
last, at the request of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. MacIntyre,] I presented to the
House a letter from Mr. Lamar, of Savannah,
and asked that it might be printed in the Globe.
I looked over three or four pages of the manu-
script, and although I discovered it was some-
what acrimonious in temper, I did not see any-
thing but what it seemed just to Mr. Lamar to
put in print. On reading the letter in the Globe
this morning I discovered near its close some
very bitter assaults upon third persons in no wise
connected with the matter of Mr. Lamar's cotton
claim. I need hardly say that I deeply regret
my connection with the publication of this
communication ; and I desire to say, in excul-
pation of the gentleman from Georgia, that
while I supposed he bad read the letter and
meant to indorse it by handing it to me, I have
since learned in conversation with him that he
supposed I would read the letter, and would
be the judge myself whether it was proper
for publication. The best reparation I can
make for my carelessness iu this transaction is
to ask the House to make an order that this
letter be suppressed in the permanent edition
of the Globe; and as that would leave the let-
ter of Mr. Browne, of Massachusetts, entirely
unanswered, I will add, as the gentleman from
Georgia desires me to do, a request that the
communication of Mr. Browne be also sup-
pressed. I do this the more readily as, by a
personal note from Mr. Browne, I learn that he
did not anticipate the publication of his letter,
or he would have made it more particular in
details.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask that these letters be
read. Mr. Lamar, who is a Georgian, has
been frequently attacked upon the floor of the
House. The attempt has been made here j
repeatedly—I do not mean by the gentleman |
from New York—to injure not only the claim j
of Mr. Lamar, but the claims of every southern j
man now pending before the Court of Claims
or any other branch of this Government. I I
ask that before those letters be withdrawn j
they both be read at the desk. j
The SPEAKER. The request of the gen- '
tlomanfrom New York [Mr. Smith] is that the
letters of Mr. Browne and Mr, Lamar, which
have been printed in the Daily Globe, be
ordered not to be printed .in the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I desire to ask also
that the letter of Mr. Lamar, which was pub-
lished with that of Mr. Browne, be also ex-
cluded from the Congressional Globe.
The SPEAKER. The whole correspond-
6qc6 ?
Mr. MACINTYRE. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is that
the whole correspondence be ordered to be
excluded from the Congressional Globe.
Mr. YOUNG. I want those letters read.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say that Mr. Lamar
was for many years a resident of the city of
New York and an officer of one of our leading
banking institutions. While there he enjoyed
a high character for respectability and integ-
rity, as well as for loyalty to the Government.
I feel it my duty, knowing these facts, to say
that mnch in his behalf here just now.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I did not assail
Mr. Lamar, and have only to say tbat the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. MacIntyre] and
myself, after consultation, have united in the
recommendation that both of these papers
should be excluded from the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. YOUNG. But Mr. Lamar has been
&8S&i 1 od 
The SPEAKER. The request of the gen-
tleman from New York is that neither the letter
nor the answer shall appear in the Congres-
sional Globe.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask that the letters be read
for the imformation of the House.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. Is there objection ?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, I object.
The proposition was, then agreed to.
improvement of navigation.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask by unanimous con-
sent that Thursday, the 13th of February,
after the morniug hour, or after two o'clock,
to the exclusion of all other orders, the Com-
mittee on Commerce shall be entitled to the
floor for the consideration of certain bills
before tbat committee for the improvement
of our water lines and for the improvement of
navigation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose 1 have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the
gentleman will indicate the title of the bill to
which he refers.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not refer to one bill
especially, for there are several bills. As I
have stated there are several bills before the
Committee on Commerce relating to the in-
ternal navigation of the country, and the com-
mittee desires to make a general report.
Mr. W. R.ROBERTS. I wish to be under-
stood that I reserve all points of order.
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What are the bills?
Mr. NEGLEY. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania says there are several bills re-
lating to our interior lines of water communi-
cation, the James River and Kanawha canal
being one.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Let me make a
statement occupying three minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad
to hear the gentleman. Is there objection ?
There was no objection.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker,
there are three very important measures
pressed on the Committee on Commerce, one
the improvement of the Niagara river at the
falls, another for tbe construction of a water
line connecting tbe Kanawha with the Jamt-s
river, and the third connecting the Ohio river
with the Savannah in Georgia. They are all
of the very first importance. The Committee
on Commerce has had no opportunity to report
on the subject at all, and unless additional
