1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
admission to the floor AND marble-room.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that Mr. Park, a
distinguished citizen of my State, with whom
I wish to have some conversation, may be
allowed to remain in the Senate Chamber for a
short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be so ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that it be ordered
for the rest of the session, as we have done
hitherto daring the last week of a session, that
the ante-room and the marble-room be only
open to people who are entitled to the priv-
ilege of the floor. The great confusion that
we have in the Chamber now is largely owing,
in the press of business, to the faet that Sen-
ators cannot go anywhere to have private con-
versation on business without finding them-
selves in the midst of a crowd.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator mean to exclude even any person who
may be brought in by a Senator?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; exactly as we
do during the last week of every session, that
the rule in regard to the Senate Chamber be
applied to the marble-room and the corridors.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks that the marble-room and
corridors be regarded the same as the Senate
Chamber during the remainder of the session;
that is to say, that only persons entitled to
admission to the floor shall be entitled there.
If there be no objection that order will be
made, and the Sergeant-at-Arms will take
notice of it.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of one hundred citizens of Kansas, pray-
ing Congress to enact such a law as may be
necessary to stop evil practices by certain peo-
ple in Utah Territory, known as Mormons;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the petition of
F. VV. Stiles and the petition of M. T. Hatch,
publishers of newspapers in the State of Ver-
mont, praying that the words "and wholly
printed and" may be stricken from the bill
passed by the House of Representatives to
amend the postal laws. I move their reference
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont that during
his absence a day or two since the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] stated that
these petitioners were under a mistake, that
the provision to which they refer was stricken
from the bill before it passed the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am aware of that; but
the right of petition is so sacred that I deem it
my duty to present the petitions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
stated it as it occurred during the absence of
the Senator. The petitions will be referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. COLE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of California, praying for an amendment
to the Constitution declaring that the people
of the United States constitute one nation, and
that no State nor any number of States can
withdraw therefrom without a vote equal to
that required to amend the Constitution ; also
an amendment to the Constitution showing
the relations of civil and ecclesiastical author-
iiy; alsolo auiend the naturalization laws ; and
also piaying Congress to provide a national
text-bcu.'k containing a brief exposition of the
principles of civil government and the Con-
futation of the United States; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying for the passage of
the soldiers' bounty land bill; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented the memorial of
the Governor and Board of Public Works of
the District of Columbia, asking the United
States to pay for the interest of the District in
the City Hall building in Washington, now
used entirely for United States purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the Army,
praying the passage of the bounty land bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
bankruptcy expenses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
resolution that I introduced the other day,
calling upon the Attorney General to obtain
certain information about the operations of
the bankrupt law.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Edmunds on the 17th instant:
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to procure and report to the Senate at its next De-
cember session complete information of the amounts
of the salaries, compensation, and emoluments of
the marshals, clerks, registers, and assignees, and
also the established fee bills in bankruptcy proceed-
ings in all the district courts of the United States
respectively, from the time of the passage ofan act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,"approved
March 2,1867, to the present time, classified so as to
give such information for each separate year; and
also to obtain and communicate, as aforesaid, a state-
ment of all the bankruptcy causes which have been
entertained in said courts, with their disposition,
and a statement of those now pending.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As my friend from New
York [Mr. Conkling] desired to have this
resolution lie over some days ago, that he
might speak to me about it, which he forgot
to do, I will enter a motion to reconsider in
order that, if he has any objection, he may
have the opportunity to present it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not be
sent to the Department until the Senator
from New York appears.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
3921) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1874, and for other purposes;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate'.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 3274) to establish
certain post roads, with an amendment; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the
Goverment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the Calendar, under
the Anthony rule, is next in order.
Mr; COLE. I hope we shall go on with the
Calendar.
walla-walla, etc., railroad.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3470) to amend au act entitled
"Au act granting the right of way to the
Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1869 ; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill proposes
to repeal the proviso beginning in the tenth
line of section three of an act entitled "An
act granting the right of way to the Walla-
Walla and Columbia River Railroad Com-
pany," approved March 3, 1869. It also
grants the right to the Walla- \V alia and Colum-
bia River Railroad Company to take from the
public lands earth, stone, timber, and other
materials for the construction of the Walla-
Walla and Columbia River railroad.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The clause proposed to
be repealed is in these words:
Provided, That this grant is made upon the ex-
press condition that any effort by said ^company
hereafter to obtain any land grant, subsidy, or pecun-
iary aid from the United States Government shall
work a forfeiture of this grant.
The object of this bill is to secure the road
material for its construction, and in order that
there may not be a forfeiture of the grant, to
repeal that proviso. There can be no objec-
tion to it, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was that bill amended
on the motion of the Senator from Oregon the
other day?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is another
bill, the Chair thinks.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is another bill, merely
to give them the material for the construction
of the road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ThatI understand. This
is the very bill, and the Senator from Oregon
had prepared an amendment, but I can make
the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that was the Portland and Salt Lake bill; still
he may not be correct about it.
Mr. COLE. Let it go over for the time
being.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will not take a moment
to fix it. May I ask my friend from Rhode
Island what the meaning of the firstsection is?
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is to repeal the proviso
in the original grant in these words:
Provided, That this grant ism ade upon the express
condition that any effort by said company hereafter
to obtain any land grant, subsidy, or pecuniary aid
from the United States Government shall work a
forfeiture of this grant.
The object of this bill is to permit them to
have material for the construction of their
road ; but if this clause remains, that permis-
sion may be considered as a grant, perhaps, or
a subsidy, or at any rate, aid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am willing they should
have this aid for two years, which was all that
the Senator from Oregon desired, but not per-
petually. I therefore move to amend the bill
by striking out the word "repealed" at the
end of the first section and inserting "mod-
ified as follows;" and then at the end of the
second section by adding:
Provided, That the right hereby granted shall
expire afc the end of two years from the passage of
this act.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill 'read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
metropolitan railroad.
Mr. SAWYER. While the Calendar was
being considered the other day, the bill (H.
R. No. 2240) authorizing the extension of the
railway of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany, in the District of Columbia, in conse-
quence of the objection of the senior Senator
from Vermont, who I understand now with-
draws his objection, was passed over.' I trust
there will be unanimous consent to take it up
and dispose of it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are to go back on
the Calendar, there is a bill that I am very
I anxious to have passed.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
! from Ohio objects.
Mr. SAWYER. This is'a House bill, and
I probably this is the only chance there will be
to pass it.
Mr. HAM Il/fON. of Maryland. Let us go
on with the Calendar.
