m
the mmmmimiil globe:
January 20,
time be given to, that committee tliey will not
be" able to do so during this session. I hope,,
therefore, the House will grant that opportunity
bj agreeing to the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Neglet,]
Mr. GARFIELD, o_f Ohio. I wish to say
ia behalf of the Committee on Appropria-
tions 
Mr. NEGLBY. I-object to debate.,
. Mr. SARGENT. The House ought at least
to hear some.statement as to the condition of
the public business intrusted to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. NEGLJJY. I object to debate, and
insist on my motion.
Mr. SARGENT. We will vote your motion
down.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object to debate, and will
yield to no gentleman.
Mr. WOOD. Will the effect of this be to
prevent our raising questions of order when
the bills do come up ?
The SPEAKER. Not at all; they have
been reserved.
, Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will permit the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to make his statement.
Mr. NEGLEY. I withdravv all objection to
the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, making any
statement be desires in reference to the public
business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
desire only to give notice to the House as to
the situation of the regular appropriation bills.-
The Committee on Appropriations have dyne
all they could do to have the regular appro-
priation bills ready at the earliest practicable
moment. There are now pending in the House
five appropriation bills, with which we are
ready to go forward at any time. But two of
the regular bills have passed the House and
been sent to the Senate. There are only three
more pending in committee. We have been
waiting for two weeks to go to their consider-
ation. All of last week, with the exception
of three hours, have been taken up with the
consideration of other things. To- morrow aud
the next day have been pledged to the Com-
mittee on Commerce already. Thursday has
beeu given to the consideration of a bill from
the Senate to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness. Therefore, if we cannot do something
to-day in the House on our appropriation bills,
we will not be able to do anything until next
Friday, when there will come up a bill in rela-
tion to the District of Columbia, and I do not
suppose we will then get an opportunity to
work on the appropriation bills. So that will
leave only twenty-four days remaining of the
session, and we know there are a good many
special orders pending. Now what I ask is,
we may have time to get through with our bills
early. If we wait two weeks before getting our
appropriation bills through they will be crowded
into tie last days of the session; and 1 for one
do not wish to be held responsible for the kind
of legislation which is put on appropriation bills
at the last moment. It seems to me two days
of this week given to the Committee on Com-
merce ought to be enough, and that committee
ought not. to ask any further extension of time.
Mr, NBGLEY. I am as willing as any
other gentleman on this floor to follow the
practice 1 have followed hitherto, of giving
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations all the time that he properly requires.
But I think it is fitting, and demanded by the
country, that we should legislate at the same
time in the interest of commerce and not be
always engaged in voting away money. I
have indicated a distant day, nearly a month
hence, in order to give the gentleman ample
time, and I will do all I can to help the gen-
tleman and the other gentlemen on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to pass their bills.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of the Chair whether two days have not
already been set: apart for business of the
Committee on Commerce? •
The SPEAKER. Yes; to-morrow and-
next day.
Mr. SEfELLABARGER.' We have those
two days only after half past one o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. There are otter
committees which have no.t been called yet, as
the Committee on Pensions, and which will
have no opportunity of reporting at all this
session if future day's are assigned in this way.
. Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I object to
debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] made the inquiry, whether,
if the committee reports on this subject, points
of order would lie to what they report. The
Chair would rule that they would not. The dis-
tinction, in this respect, between the present
case and the immigration bill is .this: in the
latter case, the House had agreed to consider a
particular bill at a certain time, the bill being
printed.- What is now proposed is to give the
committee the right to report, at two o'clock
on a certain day, a measure in relation to a
certain subject, the House knowing nothing
of what that measure may contain*.
The question was on Mr. Negley's motion,
so to suspend the rules as to permit the Com-
mittee on Commerce on Thursday, 13th Feb-
ruary, at two o'clock, to the exclusion of all
other orders, to report a bill or bills in refer-
ence to improving interior lines of water
communication.
Mr. AMBLER. I call for the yeas and
nays. • .
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 146, nays 30, not voting 65 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Barbf-r, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, James 8. Blair,
Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Buckley, Buffinton,
Bunnell. Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick 11.
Butler.-Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Conner,
Cotton, Crebs, Critchcr, Crocker, Crossland, Davis,
Dodds, Dunnan.- Dox, DuBose, Duoll, Duke,
Dunnell, Karnes, Elliott, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Wilder D. Foster, \Frye, Garrett, Getz, Giddipgs,
Griffith, Haldoman, Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks,
Hnrmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Havens, John B. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, Here-
ford, Ilerndon, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Hooper,
Houghton, Kellogg, King, Lamison, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Leaeh, Lewis, Lynch, Maclntyre, Maynard,
MoCielland, MoCormick, MeGrew, Mejunkin. Mc-
Koe, McKinney, MoNeely, Merrick, Benjamin J?.
Meyers, Mitchell. Monroe, Morey, MorgaD, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Price, Rainey, Head, Edward Y. Rice,-John M.
Rice, Sion H, Rogers, Sawyer, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. 'Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith;
Snapp, Syragoe, Starkweather, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Terry, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Vaughan, Voorheos, Wadtlell, Wakeman,
Walden, Waldron, "Wallace, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, WMteley, Whitthorne, Williams of In-
diana, Winchester, and Young—146.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Bell. Bur-
chard, Carroll, Cox, Dawes, Esty, Farnswortji, Gar-
field, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Ilibbard, Killinger.
Merriam, Moore, fiosea W. Parker, Potter, Ellis-H.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Sargent,
Sessions, Slater, Slocum, Swann, Taffe, Willard. and
John T. Wilson—SO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Biggs, Brie-ht, Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Coghlan, Creely, Darrall, De Large. Dickey,
Eldredge, Ely, Forker_ Charles Foster, Henry D.
Foster, Golladay, Goodrioh, Halo, Ilalsey, Hand ley,
Hays, John W. Hazelton, Kelley, Kendall. Kerr,
Kotcham, Kinsella. Lowe, Manson, Marshall, Me-
Crary, McIIcnry, Morphis, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Perce. Poland, 1'rinrlle, Randall, Ritchie, Robinson,
John Rogers, Rusk, Seofictd, Seeley, Shober, Sloss,
Snyder, Speer, Stevens, Sutherland,Sypher; Dwight
lownsend, Tuthill, Van Trump, Walls, Williamsof
New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—65.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds
voting m favor thereof,) ahd the order for the
assignment of Thursday, 13th February nest,
after two o'clock, was made.
order of business.
Mr. MERRICK. I rise to a question of
privilege.
■Ihe SPEAKER. Before the gentleman
proceeds,^ there are several gentlemen who de-
sire to bring matters before the House. The
Chair will recognize them on the understand-
ing that it will not be necessary to call for the
yeas and nays, the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Merrick] meanwhile holding the floor.
FAYMPNU OB CENSUS-TAKERS.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable me to introduce and the
House to pass a bill to authorize the payment
of the census-takerg of 1860.
The hill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the census-takers of
1860, or their assigns, the sums set to their
credit now in the Treasury of the United
States. In its second section it proposes to
repeal all acts or parts of acts in conflict with
the provisions of this bill.
Mr. YOUNG. I desire just two minutes
in which to sa^ to the House 
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I object
to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
matter be debated. ,
Mr. YOUNG. I only want one Or two
minutes.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I do not
insist on my objection.
Mr: YOUNG. This money stands to the
credit of these takers of the census in 1860.
The services have been performed, and the
Government owes the money. The chief of
the Censjis, Bureau has recommended that
suclr legislation be enacted by Congress that
this money may be paid, and I hope the time
has arrived when, without prejudice, we can
pay this money to these persons, who are now
nearly all in abject poverty.
Mr. SARGENT. How much is the amount ?
Mr. YOUNG. About $170,000; but no
matter how large the amount, the Government
owes it, and I hope no gentleman here wishes
to repudiate any of the obligations of this
Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me one word. Does not the provision repeal-
ing all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with
this act mean to repeal every test as to the
conduct of the claimants during the war ?
Mr. YOUNG. I answer the gentleman that
of course it does. I desire to repeal the dis-
abling clauses of the joint resolution passed
June 24, 1870. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I suppose
that we should either repeal all laws, barring
the claims of those held to be disloyal, or else
keep them all.
Mr. YOUNG. This is an appropriation
already made by the Government, and the
money stands accredited to these parties. It
has never been covered into the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. - Have these parties never
been paid anything?
Mr.^ YOUNG. They"have never been paid
anything. .
. Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All loyal
men can get their claims now.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
irom Georgia that the second section is not
necessary.
Mr. BINGHAM. Strike that out.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
m order.
Mr. PERCE. I have a number of constit-
uents who are intimately connected with this
matter, and I desire to say a word or two upon
it. A great number of the deputy marshals
who took the census of 1860, in accordance
with the law were paid fifty per cent, of the
amount due thpm for taking it. - The war com-
ing on, they were paid no._ other part of the
money due them. Many of them in my dis-
trict have had their disabilities removed by
act of Congress, but the Department holds
that, notwithstanding the removal of the dis-
abilities of these men, they must take the iron-
c.ad oath before they can receive any payment
