1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
The VICE PRESIDENT." It is objected
to, and the Secretary will report the next
bill on the Calendar. It requires unanimous
consent to go back, as the rule requires that
each bill shall be called in its order.
SETTLERS ON PUBLIC LANDS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1422) for the protection of settlers
ob the public lands of the United States, re-
ported adversely from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the bill be
postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE ON NORTHERN PACIFIC ROAD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1385) to establish a United States land
office at the crossing of the Northern Pacific
railroad on the Upper Missouri river, in the
Territory of Dakota, reported adversely from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that that bill be
indefinitely postponed.
This motion was agreed to.
J. MILTON BEST.
The next bill on the Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Milton
Best.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
vetoed by the President of the United States
and again reported favorably on the 7th of
February last.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
THOMAS B. WALLACE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 569) for the relief of Thomas B. Wal-
lace, of Lexington, in the State of Missouri,
which had -been returned by the President of
the United States with his objections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that also go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
WILLIAM SPBNCE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1556) for the relief of William
Spe'nce.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
b. f. speedy.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 1903) for the relief of B. P. Speedy, late
first lieutenant second battalion six months'
Pennsylvania volunteers; which was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It re-
quires the Paymaster General to pay to B. F.
Speedy, late first lieutenant of company G
second battalion six monts' Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, the pay of a first lieutenant of infantry
from the 9th of July,. 1863, to the 21st of Jan-
uary, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM MARVIN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3593) to confirm to William Mar-
. vin the title to seven thousand acres of land
in the State of Florida ; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that under the act of
Congress approved J une 22,1860, entitled "An
act for the final adjustment of private land
claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana, and
Missouri, and for other purposes," and ex-
tended by an act of Congress approved March
2, 1867, entitled "An act to extend the provis-
ions of an act entitled 'An act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in the States
of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
otherpurposes,' " the register and the receiver
at the land office at Tallahassee, Florida, acting
as commissioners under those acts aforesaid,
have reported to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office that there ought to be
confirmed to William Marvin, who holds under
Bernardo Segui, under class two, under the
third section of the act first mentioned, a
tract of land containing seven thousand acres
in the State of Florida, on the east side of the
St. John's river, between the plaee called
Dunn's Lake and that known as Horse Land-
ing, including in the tract of land the place
called Buffalo Bluff, and includes parts of
sections twenty-eight, thirty-three, thirty-four,
thirty-five, thirty-six, and thirty-nine, in town-
ship ten south, of range twenty-six east; and
sections and parts of sections one, two, three,
eleven, twelve, and thirty-nide, in township
eleven south, of range twenty-six east; and
parts of sections five, six, seven, eight,
and forty, in township eleven south, of range
twenty-seven east; which claim is based upon
a grant or concession by the Spanish Govern-
ment to Bernardo Segui, before the 24th of
January, 1818 ; that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office has approved the report
of the commissioners, and has reported it to
Congress for its action, and recommended the
confirmation of the title to the seven thousand
acres of land to William Marvin, as the legal
representative of Bernardo Segui. The bill
therefore proposes to confirm the seven thou-
sand acres of land in the State of Florida, on
the St. John's river, as described, to William
Marvin, and to grant and confirm all the
right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to the land to him. _
The Committee on Private Land Claims
reported the bill with an amendment to add
the following, proviso :
Provided, That this act shall not affect any ad-
verso right or title to the said lands or any part
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move further to amend
by adding in addition to that "and shall not
raise any liability on the part of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
MARY ROBBINS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3630) for the relief of the personal
representatives of Mary Robbins, deceased,
who was the widow of Britnal Robbins, an offi-
cer of the army of the Revolution, reported
adversely from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. POOL. That bill was placed on the
Calendar at the instance of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who is not now in his seat, and
it had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
SAMUEL S. POTTER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2803) for the relief of Samuel S.
Potter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3730) to remove the political dis-
abilities of Daniel C. DeJarnette, of Virginia;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to insert the word
"political" before the word "disabilities."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire also to offer
as an amendment the insertion of the name
of J. L. M. Curry, who was, with Mr. DeJar-
nette, a member of the Thirty-Third Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That has not been re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been reported on
several times favorably, on his own petition.
Mr. RANSOM. It has been approved by
the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that Mr.
Curry's petition has been reported upon favor-
ably two or three times. He is well known
to the colleague of the Senator from Vermont.
His petition is on file, and the committee have
frequently reported in favor of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know both
these gentlemen personally, and if the dis-
abilities of anybody should be removed, I
think their disabilities should be.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to insert
the name of Mr. Curry. He is one of the
best men, I think, now laboring under dis-
ability.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I will stata. to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that there is a bill now on the
Calendar for the removal of Mr. Curry's dis-
abilities. The bill passed the House at the
last session and is now on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have his
name inserted here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill for the removal of the dis-
abilities of Mr. Curry will be taken up next.
The Chair hears no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed;
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now consider the bill to remove the disabilities
of Mr. Carry.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2980) to remove the disabilities of J. L. M.
Curry, of Virginia, and others therein named.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to remove all disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States upon J. L. M. Curry, of
Richmond; Daniel Trigg, of Abingdon;
Clarence Derrick, of Marion ; I. M. Gardner,
of Christianburg; R. H. Logan, of Salem;
Shelton F. Leake, of Albemarle county; and
E. M. Tidball, in the State of Virginia; C.
G. Memminger, of South Carolina; and R.
W. Johnson, of Jefferson county, Arkansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the bill that
I agreed might be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill I referred to
contains only the name of Mr. Curry, accord-
ing to its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The best way would be
to put Mr. Curry in the first bill and let this
other one wait.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill just passed will be amended
by unanimous consent, by inserting the name
of Mr. Carry, and the pending bill will be
passed over.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SPENCER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3921) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2802) for the relief of Charles Richards, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2732) for the
relief of Ethan A. Sawyer, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
