1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
7'il
whatsoever for the services which they ren-
dered in 18JO, before the war.
Now, sir, this bill, as I understand it, is in-
tended merely to permit the Department to
pay the men who performed this service the
amounts found to lie due them upon auditing j
their claims, and for which an appropriation j
has already been made. I hope the House
will pass the bill,
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to yield to roe for a suggestion.
Mr. YOUNG. I will do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he strike out the second section
and add to the first section the words " any
provisions of existing law to the contrary not-
withstanding."
Mr. YOUNG. I accept that modification
of the bill, and now ask for a vote on my
motion.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill (H. R. No. 3610) to au-
thorize the payment of census-takers of 1860
was passed.
lbtter-carrier system.
Mr. COTTON. I move that the rules be
suspended so as to make the following pro-
vision in order as an amendment to the Post
Office appropriation bill when the same shall
be under consideration in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union :
That commencing with the 1st day of July, 1873,
letter-carriers may be employed for the free delivery
of mail matter as frequently as the public conven-
ience may require, at every place containing a pop-
ulation of twenty thousand within the delivery of j
its postoffiee, and that, for the purpose of employ- !
ing carriers where not already employed at such i
places, the sum of $100,000 is hereby appropriated '
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise i
appropriated. j
The question was put; and, on a division, j
there were—ayes 91, noes 36. j
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the •
rules were suspended so as to make the amend- j
ment in order in Committee of the Whole on i
the state of the Union. J
message from the senate. j
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, j
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate !
had concurred in the amendments of the House !
to bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 760) for the relief of Beverly
M. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella McLean
Lewis, and Mary Minor Hoxsey, children and
heirs at law of John M. Botts, deceased;
An act (S. No. 1112) for the relief of Captain
Lyman I. Hissong, of Henry county, Ohio; and
An act (S. No. 1220) to fix the time for
holding the annual session of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bill of the following title,
with amendments; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
An act(H. R. No. 2934) revising and amend-
ing the laws relative to the mints, assay offices,
and coinage of the United States.
The message also announced that theSenate
had insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 333) for j
the relief of Mrs. 51. S. Morse, administratrix
and widow of Isaac E. Morse, deceased ; had
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
had appointed as conferees on the part of the
Senate Mr. ScHimz, Mr. Mortox, and Mr.
West.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2763) to
provide a building suited to the use of the cus-
tom-house, post office, the pension and revenue
officers, ana the judicial officers of the United
States in the city of Memphis, Tennessee ; had
agreed to Ihe conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed as conferees on the part of
42i> Con<(. oi) Sess,—No. 40.
the Senate Mr. Moubilt-, of Vermont, Mr.
Alcorn, and Mr. Stevenson.
ORDEIt OF BUSINESS,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will continue
to receive propositions to suspend the rules,
&c., while the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Mbrbiok] retains the floor upon a question of
privilege, he having consented to yield'to allow
gentlemen to submit propositions to be decided
without a yea and nay vote.
GOAT ISLAND.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the rules be
so suspended as to allow me to submit and
the House to adopt the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas this House, at the first session of the pres-
ent Congress passed a bill numbered lo5S, commonly
known as the " Goat Island bill;" and whereas the
said bill, it is alleged, was passed under a misappre-
hension of the true facts of the case, it having been
set forth:
1. That the said bill was demanded by the necessi-
ties of the commerce of the nation:
2. That said bill demanded iu the interests of
the State of California, which vrefe taxed to the
benefit of the city of San Francisco;
3. That the city of San'FrancUco^asa'toll-gatherer
at the Golden Grate upon the commerce of the nation;
Xow, it appearing that during the recess of this
Congress the Central Pacific Railway Company, the
beneficiaries under said bill, did agree with a com-
mittee of citizens of San Francisco to abandon the
pursuit of G-oat island, and construct a continuous
line of railroad into the city of San Francisco, to.
terminate upon the sixty acres of land within said
city granted to said company by the State of Cal-
ifornia for terminal purposes, for the consideration
of $*2,500,000 in city bonds, ana the additional grant
of lands adjacent to the sixty-acre grant, thus by
their own act refuting the alleged plea that the
necessities of commerce demanded the ceding of
Goat island to the said railroad company, or show-
ing that they were willing to sacrifice the advantage
to bederived by the national commerce for a valua-
ble consideration; and it also appearing that the
city of San Francisco has not any control over the
charges for wharfage or dockage in the port of San
Francisco, and that she derives no revenue from said
charges, said docks and wharves being the property
of and controlled by the State of California; and it
further appearing that the amount of said charges
was greatly exaggerated in the statements made at
the time of the passage of said bill; and it further
appearing that the citizens of the State of Cali-
fornia are opposed to the passage of this bill, as
evidenced by thefollowing language of Hon. New-
ton Booth, Governor of the State of California, in
his speech before a public meeting of the citizens
of San Francisco, held at the Chamber of Commerce
in that city on the 4th day of January instant,
wherein he says: "It is my deliberate conviction
that the public sentiment of this city and State is
as nearly unanimous in opposition to the passage
of the Goat island bill as it can be upon any subject
where two opinions are possibleand it further
appearing that the city of San Francisco is willing
and ready to grant to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company all necessary facilities for bringing their
cars alongside ships in the harbor of San Francisco,
said power having been granted to the city by the
State of California at the last session of its Legisla-
ture, as evidenced by the passage of a resolution
by the unanimous vote of the board of supervisors,
on the 13th January, instant, wherein they express
their willingness "to grant to the Central Pacific
Railroad Company such facilities on Mission bay as
may be necessary to bring the railroad cars and ships
together, provided the company will withdraw the
Goat island bill from Congress, and make Mission
bay their permanent terminus;" and it further ap-
pearing from the foregoing statement that the
probable result of the final passage of this bill would
only be to place in the hands of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company (a corporation enriched by the
public bounty to the extent of more than $50,000,000,
in addition to liberal donations by the State of Cal-
ifornia and the city of San Francisco) a weapon by
which it might compel the city of San Francisco,
through the thr^atof injuring its commerce, to grant
them a gratuity of several million dollars: Now,
therefore, in view of the foregoing statement,
Be it resolved, That the Senate of the United States
be requested to return to this House said bill No.
1553, for further consideration.
Mr. SARGENT. Wiil debate be in order
on this resolution?
The SPEAKER. It will not, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to state in a few
words 
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate, unless
I can be heard to correct this resolution, which
is full of misstatements.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear a
parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. RANDALL. When will it be in ordpr
for me to make a motion to suspend the rule
which cuts off debate on this proposition? I
: want the fullest debate upon it.
I Ihe SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
| Maryland [Mr. Merrick] yield for debate?
' Mr. MERRICK. I do not.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to suspend the rules and pass the resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas aad
nays.
Mr. KILLINGrER. I move that the reso-
lution bo referred to the Committee on the
PaciBc Railroad.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order
pending a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HAND ALL. I wait discussion on this
resolution.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Randall—there were ayes 67, noes 56;
no quorum voting.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. randall and
Mr. Sargent were appointed.
Mr. SARGENT. By what process is it
that when the yeas and nays are demanded,
the question is not taken on ordering them?
The SPEAKER. The process is this: as
the Chair has twice explained, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Mebuios,] who is enti-
tled to the floor on a question of privilege, is
yielding it upon the stipulation that only
motions shall be made which do not consume
time by a call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; then if the
yeas and nays are called this matter does not
come up. It is offered here with no opportun-
ity to debate the proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. That is not my fault.
Mr. SARGENT. It is meanly unfair to
rush in a stump speech in the shape of a reso-
lution, and give no chance for a reply.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to say in answer
to the gentleman 
The SPEAKER, (rapping loudly.) No
debate is in order. The question will be tested
by tellers, if the gentlemen indicated will act.
Mr. RANDALL. I decline to act.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair appoints
as tellers the gentleman from California, Mr.
Cogiii.ax, and the gentleman from Virginia,
Mr. Ddke.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 54.
The SPEAKER. Before announcing the
result of the vote, the Chair will explain the
method of proceeding which he has been
pursuing, which has been adopted a hundred
times heretofore, but which some memhers do
not seem to understand. The gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Merrick,] who holds the floor
on a question of privilege, has stated his
willingness to yield for other gentlemen to try
the sense of the House on their propositions,
if the yeasand nays are not called. .The Chair
never allows legislation to be pronounced car-
ried by a vote of that kind, because those op-
posed to it would have the right to demand the
yeas and nays. But gentlemen who offer propo-
sitions under such a stipulation do so with
the understanding that no proposition shall be
pressed to a call of the yeas and nays. This
resolution, which is opposed by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] has been de-
feated by a viva voce vote, as well as a rising
vote, and now it is also defeated by the COOnt
of the tellers, who report—ayes 71, noes 64,
less than two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Maryland withdraws for that purpose, thaques-
tion will be put on ordering the yeas and nays.
Mr. MERRICK. I am willing that the
yeas and nays shall be taken on this propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. The practice which the
Chair has just been explaining is not in deroga-
