1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
college or colleges has or have been duly established
in such State, as provided for in the act of Congress
heretofore mentioned, it shall be the duty of the said
Secretary of the Interior to certifythe fact to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and also to the trustees
or other board of managershaving the lawful finan-
cial control of said college or colleges; and there-
upon it shall be the duty of the said Secretary of
the Treasury, upon the application of said trustees
or said board of managers, to issue to them a certifi-
cate setting forth that said trustees or managers
are entitled to one equal share of the amount pro-
vided for in this act; or if more than one college
has been heretofore established in any State, then
to the trustees or managers of each of said colleges,
that they are entitled to such part of said share as
would be in proportion to the amount heretofore
by them received under the provisions of the act
of Congress mentioned in the first section of this act.
Sec. 3. That on the 1st day of July, 1873, and in
each year thereafter, it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to ascertain the amount of
sales of the public lands for the preceding fiscal year,
and, after deducting the expenses incurred by such
sales, to invest one fourth of the same in outstand-
ing United States registered bonds having the long-
est time to run, bearing five per cent, interest per
annum, payable semi-annually; or at his discretion
he may issue such bonds, retaining the money there-
for in the Treasury, to such college or colleges, giv-
ing to each State and to said District from time to
time the equal share to which it may be justly enti-
tled, excluding fractions of less than one thousand
dollars; and all such bonds shall be kept in the cus-
tody of the Treasurer of the United States, who shall
semi-annually pay to the trustees or board of man-
agers, as hereinbefore described, the interest there-
upon duo. It shall further be the duty of the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury to pay over each year, to the
trustee or boards of managers hereinbefore de-
scribed, an additional quarter of the proceeds of tho
sales of public lands for the preceding fiscal year,
apportioning to each State and to the said District
an equal share: Provided, That in no case shall the
total appropriation under this act to such eolloge or
colleges or institution, in any one State, or in said
District, exceed in any single year the sum of $50,000.
Ji isfuiihci provided. That for evory $500 of annual
income received by the college or colleges of each
State under this act, one scholarship shall be estab-
lished in which tuition shall bo free; and whenever
the annual income accruing under this act shall
amount to the sum of $50,000, their tuition shall
he free to all students entering the same: And it
■is jurOtcr provided.. That the share allotted to tho
Oistrict of Columbia shall bo appropriated to the
Smithsonian Institution, to be expended, under the
direction of the Board ol Resents of said institution,
for ihesupport of tho national museum, and in dis-
tributing specimens and publications to the ool-
Iokcs named in this act and to other institutions.
Ski:. -I. That when any bonds as aforesaid shall
mature and be paid, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to reinvest tho samo
amount for the benefit of any college or colleges
entitled to the samo by tho purchase of other and
similar outsanding United States bonds, or, at his
discretion, to issue new bonds, as herein beforo
described: 1'rovided, That if it shall at any tiiuo
be made to appear to the Secretary of tho Interior,
by unequivocal ovidenco, that any State or the said
District has not, ill good faith, substantially com-
plied with the provisions of the act named in tho
first section of this act as to the uses, objccts, and
purposes therein contemplated, heshall at onceduly
notify the Treasurer of the United States, who shall
thereafter withhold the payment of any interest
which may havo accrued or accrue to any college
or colleges in such State or said District until such
time as the said Secretary of the Interior shall be
satisfied as to the compliance with the provisions ot
said act, and shall so notify tho Treasurer aforesaid:
Provided further. That tho iund crcated under this
act and the act heretofore mentioned shall be appro-
priated to such college or colleges as has or have
been already established in any State; and whore
no such college has yet been established, said
funds shall bo appropriated to the endowment and
support of one college only in any State.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to refer this bill to
the Committee on Public Lands, with instruc-
tions to inquire into the expediency of appro
priating the proceeds of the sales of public
lands to the equalization of soldiers' bounties,
and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. President, I regret exceedingly to have
to differ with my honorable friend from Ver-
mont on this question, and especially in these
crowded moments of the last days of the
session to have to interpose before the vote is
taken with any remarks on the subject; but
the character of the bill, which I have studied
somewhat, is so remarkable and unprecedented
that I feel I should not be doing myself or
my constituents justice to remain silent,
shall be very brief, however, not desiring to
occupy any more time than is absolutely neces-
sary to explain the objectionable features of
the measure.
I have moved, Mr. President, to refer to the
Committee on Public Lands with a view
of reporting a bill for the equalization of
soldiers' bounties for two reasons. In the first
place, Congress has been flooded for several
years with petitions from all parts of the
country from soldiers who are justly entitled
to a certain amount of money to equalize
them with other soldiers who received bounties
during the war. I think that no Senator can
dispute that this demand is founded on a
strong equity. The only reason Congress has
not granted it heretofore has been that we
have not felt that the Treasury was in condi-
tion to justify the appropriation. But, sir,
from the action of the Senate and House of
Representatives on this bill, I have become
satisfied that the Treasury is plethoric with
money, that there is a large surplus fund
somewhere that must be devoted to some pur-
pose or other; and hence I think we should
devote it to this most equitable of all purposes
before voting it to any other.
And 1 have moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands for another rea-
son. This bill proposes to dispose of forever
one half of the public lands of this country.
Mr. SHERMAN. Three fourths.
Mr. WINDOM. One half, as Iunderstand ;
but perhaps I have not fully appreciated the
extravagance of its provisions.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is three fourths. The
first clause of the third section appropriates
one half, and the last clause, between lines
seventeen and twenty-one, appropriates an-
other quarter.
Mr. WINDOM. I have misread the bill,
then. It ia worse than I thought it was. I
will proceed to consider it upon the basis
which I have estimated, and it will be seen by
the statement made by the Senator that I have
far underestimated the character of the bill,
underestimated it at least fifty per cent. _
I have taken some trouble since this bill was
reported to ascertain what have been the pro-
ceeds of the sales of public lands. I have
divided our history into three periods. From
1868 to 1872 the aggregate proceeds were
$13,683,900, making for those five years an
average of $2,732,780 per annum. I have
then taken the average for the last twenty
years, from 1852 to 1872. The aggregate for
those twenty years is $59,146,201, making an
average of $2,957,310. I have then taken the
average of the entire history of the Govern-
ment since the sales of public lands began.
The aggregate sales of public lands have been
$194,289,186 in eighty years, making an aver-
age of $2,428,614 per annum. Thus the
Senate will see that, taking the last five years
or the last twenty years of the entire history of
the Government, the proceeds average about
$2,600,000 per annum.
Now, what does this bill propose to do?
Upon the estimate which I have made, which
is much below the statement made by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, it proposes to give to each of
the thirty-eight colleges—and when the Terri-
tories are added you will have forty-seven—
one half of the proceeds of the public lands
forever, or sufficient at least to amount to
$2,000,000 to each college; for you provide that
one fourth the proceeds of the public lands
shall continue to be invested in five per cent.
United States bonds until their income from
said five per cent, bonds of the Government
equals $50,000 a year. At the same time you
provide that one fourth of such proceeds shall
be paid over in cash to be used for current
expenses. It therefore amounts to $2,000,000
for each college, one million in the bonds of
the Government, and one million in cash, mak-
ing ninety-four millions in all. In the pres-
ence of this enormous sum, may I not ask the
Senate to pause and consider ?
The question squarely presented to the Sen-
ate to-day is this: is our Treasury so plethoric,
have we such a superabundance of money that
we can afford to pledge this Government to
pay $94,000,000 for this purpose. I think
not. If money is so plenty, and we must do
something with it, let us answer the appeals
of those men who saved the nation in its hour
of trial; men to whom justice has been to this
day denied. Let us be just before we. are
generous.
Mr. President, I said I did not propose to
speak at length. I simply wished to state
these points, and will not at this moment
occupy any further time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota
to refer the bill with instructions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course it
is understood that that is a motion to defeat
the bill. I do not desire to even discuss it.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I move to
strikeout that part of the motion which con-
tains the instructions. I am perfectly willing
to vote to refer, but not with the instructions
proposed.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to suggest to
the Senator from Minnesota, that I was told
when 1 came into the Senate that the estab-
lished usage of the Senate was against giving
instructions to committees. For that reason,
if for no other, I think he weakens his motion
by making the instructions part of it. And,
moreover, I suggest to him that, with the
object he seems to have in view, it will be
sufficient to leave to the committee this pur-
pose of his, among others, to be considered
in disposing of the public lands.
Mr. WINDOM. If that has been the rule
or custom of the Senate I will modify my mo-
tion by striking off the instructions, with the
understanding, however, on my part that as a
member of that committee I will use my ut-
most exertions, having ascertained that this
surplus money exists, to make that appropri-
ation of the proceeds of the public lands.
The VICE! PRESIDENT. The motion now
is to refer the bill with the House amendment
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to enter into a further discussion of this
bill; it has been fully discussed here in the
Senate for days. The Senator from Minnesota
is somewhat mistaken I think in his exposition
of the bill. Many Senators suppose that under
the bill the colleges will get. very little, if any,
public lands, declaring that they are already
nearly exhausted. I am very sure that uuless
we get money from them at an early day they
all will be exhausted.
But, Mr. President, the bill, as it comes back
from the House differs somewhat from the bill
as it originally passed the Senate. As it passed
the Senate, it appropriated the entire proceeds
of the public lands; as it comes back, it ap'
propriates one half only. The Senator from
Ohio is entirely mistaken as to its undertaking
to appropriate three quarters. It is one half.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me see.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will read
to the Senator, so that he will understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I should like
to understand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,. In the third
section, on the sixth line, it proposes to invest
"one fourth;" on the nineteenth it proposes
an additional quarter of the proceeds; and that
is all.
Now, Mr. President, what is this stately
amount that is proposed? Why, at the very
utmost it is $1,300,000 for sixty-five years,
according ,to the statement, of the Senator from
Minnesota; but as I understand it, it is only
one half of that amount. The colleges do not
expect anything beyond an endowment of
$1,000,000. The original bill, proposed five
hundred thousand acres of land at $1 25 an
acre, which would have been $625,000 when
the full amount should have been realized.
Instead of putting in $800,000, we put in a
limit by which the whole income is limited to
$50,000. I admit that there is a little am-
biguity in the language; but that is all that
the colleges ever expect to receive, and if the
House amendment could be non-concurred in
