722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
tion of the rights of any member ; it merely
allows any gentleman to test the sense of the
House, and for that purpose is very commonly
adopted. Though nothing can be carried in
that way affirmatively, negative votes may be
had for the satisfaction of gentlemen who wish
to ascertain the sense of the House upon par-
ticular questions. But neither the Chair nor
any member of the House can by a stipulation
of that kind deprive members of the right to
have the yeas and nays before any proposition
can be carried affirmatively. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Mereick] yields, that the
question may be taken on ordering the yeas
and nays.
•The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 94, nays 78, not voting
69 j as follows:
YEAS—'Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur^Banks. Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B.
Beck, Bell. Bingham, Bird, Boarman. Braxton,
Bright, Buffinton, Burcharcl, Benjamin F. Butler,
Caldwell, Carroll, Coburn, Comingo. Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dodds, Donnan, Box,
DuBose, Duke, Eldredge, Finkelnburg, Henry D.
Fostor, Wilder D. Foster, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
Griffith, Haldeinan, Hainbleton, Hancock. Hundley,
Hanks, John T. Harris, Havens, Joseph K. Hawiey,
Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Ilibbard, Hoi man, Ken-
dall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Lewis, Maclntyrc, Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, McNeely, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morgan, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Sherwood, Slater,Sloss, Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Storm, Terry, Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Waddell, Whitthorne, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—94.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames. Averill, Barber, Austin
Blair, Buckley, Bunnell, Burdett, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Crocker, Duell, Bunnell, Eames, Ely, Esty,
Farnsworth, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Hale, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, John B. Hawley, Hooper,
Houghton, Kellogg. Lansing. Lynch. Maynard, Mc-
Grew, Mollenry, McJunkin, Mcrriam, Mitchell,
Monroe. Negley.Orr, Packard, Palmer, Pendleton,
Perce, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Ellis H.
Roberts, John Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Ses-
sions. Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, SIoouui, H.
Boarduian Smith, John A. Smith, Wortbington C.
Smith, Snapp, Starkweather, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland, Taffc, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twiehell, Upson, Vourhees, Wakeuian, Waldron.
Wallaco, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley,and Williams
of Indiana—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnirm, Barry, Bigby,
Biggs, James G. Blair, Boles, Brooks, Roderick R.
Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Cobb. Conner, Creely,
I)arrall, Dawes, Do Large, Dickey, Elliott, Farwell,
Forker, Charles Foster, Goodrich, llalsoy, Hays,
'Jerry VP. Il.izelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Kelley, ICetoham. Killinger, Kinsella, Lamport,
Leach, Lowe, McConnick, McCrary, Mclvee, Me-
Kinney, Merrick, Moore, Morey, Morphia, Leonard
Myers, Niblaek, Packer. Peck, Perry, Poland,
Rainey, Ritchie, Sion H. Rogers, Scoiield, Seeley,
Shellabarger, Shober, Snyder, Stoughton, Swunn,
Sypher, Thomas, Dvright Townsend, Tuthill, Wal-
den. Walls, Wells, Wiliard, Williams of New York,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—09.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not'suspended, and the resolu-
tion was not passed.
cost op transportation.
Mr. PALMER. I move to suspend the
rules to pass the following resolution:
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to this House tho amount paid the Union
Pacific Railroad Company in his Department for
transportation in the fiscal years since June 30,
1806, together with an estimate of what said trans •
i ortation would have cost if said railroad company
had not been constructed; aad that the Pobtmaster
General be directed to report to this House the
amount paid the Union Pacific Railroad Company
for transportation of the mails in the fiscal years
since June 30,1866, togethor with an estimate of
what said transportation would have cost if said
railroad company had not been constructed.
Mr. SPEER Mr. Speaker, is it in order
to call for a division on the proposition ?
The SPEAKER. Not on a motion to
suspend the rules.
Tiie rules were suspended, (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof,) and the joint resolution
was passed.
thanks TO officers OF MOCCASIN.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS moved to suspend
the rules and pass the following resolution :
Resolved by the Scaate add House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are due,
and are hereby tendered, to Oaptain David Ritchie,
commanding the revenue steamer Moccasin, and to
the officers and men under his command, for their
heroic and humane action in saving the lives of
forty-two human beings and rescuing seventeen dead
bodies from the wreck of the steamer Metis on the
waters of Long Island sound on the morning of the
31st of August, 1872.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the resolution (H, E.
No. 184) was passed.
VIENNA EXPOSITION.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate
to a resolution (H. R. No. 170) to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the international exposition
to be held at Vienna in 1873, non-concurring
therein, and asking for a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in order to separate
those propositions ?
The SPEAKER. It is never in order to
divide a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to everything
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] moves to take
from the Speaker's table the amendments of
the Senate to a resolution (H. R. No. 170) to
enable the people of the United States to par-
ticipate in the advantages of the international
exposition to be held at Vienna in 1873, which
increases the appropriation from $100,000 to
$300,000, and non-concur in those amend-
ments, and to ask for a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 74,
noes 38.
Mr. BIRD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does it require two
thirds to take up these amendments?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the motion to
suspend be not carried will not the bill lie on
the table?
The SPEAKER. It will. The motion is
to non-concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate increasing the appropriation from $100,000
to $300,000.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 101, nays 74, not voting 66; as- follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Buckley, Butfinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Cobb, Cogh-
lan, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crocker, Dodds, DnelL,
Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Ely, E.-,ty, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garrett, Giddings, Golladay,
Griffith, Harmer, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Haw-
ley. Hay, Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McJunkin. Mcrriam, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Morey, Leonard Myers, Neo-ley
Packard, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Prindle, Ellis II. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H.Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks. Sheldon. Shober. Shoe-
maker, Slocum, II. lioardman Smith, John A
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Suapp, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson. Stoughton, St. John, 'faffe
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner
Upson, Waddell.Wakernan, Wallace, Warren,Wells,
Wheeler,Whitthorne, Wiliard, Williams of Indiana,
John L. Wilson, Winchester. andWood—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Barber, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James
Is. tseck. Bell, Bird, Boarman, Braxton, Bright,
Lurchard, Caldwell, Comingo, Crebs, Critcher,
Orossland, Davis, Donnan, Dox. Duke, Farnsworth,
Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gctz. Halde-
nian. Hale. Hambleton, Hanks. Harper, George E
Harris, John T. Harris, Gerry W. Hazelton, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Killinger,
£1%'. Leach. Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, MeHenry, McNeely. Mor-
gan, Niblaek, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice. John
M. Rice Sherwood. Slater, Sloss, Sprague, Storm,
w??',Van J^mp' Voorhees, Walden, Waldron.
Whiteley, and Young—74.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Averill, Barnum, Barry,
Bigby, Biggs, James G. Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Campbell, CarroU, Clarke, Coburn, Conner, Creely
Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Dickey, DnBose, Elliott,
i< arwel 1, Porker, Garfield, Goodrich, Iialsey, Han-
cock, Haudley, Havens, Hays, JohnW. Hazelton.
Hoar, Ketcham, lunsella, Lamison, Lowe, May-
nard, McKee, McKinney, Monroe, Moore, Morph s,
Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perry. Rainey, Ritchie. Rob-
inson, Rusk, Scoiield, SeoleyN Sessions. Sheila-
barger, Snyder, Speer, Stoweii, fcuthcrJand, bwann*
Sypher, Thomas. Dwight Townsend, la thill.
Vaughan, Walls, Williams of New York, and Jere-
miah M. Wilson—6G.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
REMOVAL 01' POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. DUKE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, so as to enable me to introduce and
the House to pass a bill to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of Shelton F. Leake, of Albe-
marle county, Virginia.
I want to say a single word with reference
to this case. Mr. Leake, who applies for the
removal of his disabilities, was a member of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress. He has never held
any office or offered to hold any office in
violation of the fourteenth amendment. He
desires relief because he wishes to practice
law in the United States courts. He is a
lawyer, and his business as a lawyer is his
means of support; but, under the decisions of
the courts, while under disabilities he cannot
practice. I ask the Clerk to read Mr. Leake's
petition.
The petition was read as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives, d'c.:
Yonr petitioner, a citizen of Albemarle county.
Virginia, being under political disabilities, having
been a member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, re-
spectfully asks your honorable bodies to remove such
disabilities.
Respectfully submitted:
SHELTON F. LEAKE.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill(H.
R No. 3611) was passed.
Mr. WELLS. I move that the rules be
suspended, so as to enable me to introduce
and the House to pass a bill to relieve W. li.
Boggs, of Missouri, from disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution. I ask that the petition be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
St. Louis, Missouri, January 9,1873.
To the Senate and Home of Representatives, &e.:
I respectfully petition your honorable bodies to
remove, my disabilities. My record as a citizen of
the United States during the past seven years will.
I believe, bear the closest scrutiny, and upon it is
based my hope that this petition will be favorably
received.
Very respectfully submitted: W. R. BOGGS.
The rules were suspended, two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof, and the bill (H. R.
No. 3612) was passed.
enrolled bills signed,
^ Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 850) providing for the pay-
ment to loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, therein named, for their property taken
by the military authorities of the United
An act (S. No. 1172) for the relief of Levi
J. Powell;
ur aCt; ^°* 10 the for
holding the annual session-of the Supieme
Court of the United States, and for other pur-
poses; 1
An act(S. No. 1015) to quiet the title to cer-
tain lands in the State of Iowa ;
An act (S. No. 490) for the relief of the East
lennessee University;
An act (S. No. 700) for the relief of Beverly
B. Botts, -Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella McLean
Lewis, and Mary Minor Hoxscy, children and
heirs-at-law of John M. Botta, deceased;
An act (S. N.o. 1112) for therelief of Captain
Lyman I. Hissong, of Henry couutv, Ohio :
An act (8. No. 161) for the relief of tixU
suite ring ,rom the destruction of the salt-workn
near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant, to the
orders of Major General Carlos Buell;
