1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
An act (S. No. 1101) for the relief of Harriet ;
W. Pond; and
Ail act (S. No. 1021) for the relief of A. W. ]
Moss. ' j
COMMITTEE OS MILITARY AFFAIRS. j
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask that Wed- j
nesday, the 12th of February, at two o'clock j
p. m., be set apart for the consideration of j
reports from the Committee on Military Affairs, i
to the exclusion of all other orders. |
The SPEAKER. That is the dav appointed j
by law for the counting of the electoral votes j.
for President and Vice President. I
Mr. COBURN. Then I will ask that the
order be made for Wednesday, the 19th, one j
week from that time. I wish to say a word in i
explanation of why I make this request. The
Committee on Military Affairs have a large
amount of legislation before them. In the
first place, it is proposed to submit a bill pro-
viding for the adoption of a new code of reg-
ulations for the Army In the next place, all '
questions of bounty have been referred to that
committee, and there will probably be some
reports upon that subject. In addition to
these, the questions of promotion, on the staff
of the Army is before the committee, besides
fill the general legislation in connection with
the Army that has come over from the Senate.
Every recommendation from the Secretary of
War, or the President of the United States, in
relation to general legislation concerning the
Army is also before that committee. None of
these matters can be acted on unless we have
a day fixed for the consideration of reports
from the commitee. Unless that be done we
shall not have an opportunity to report on any
of these subjects.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he take an evening session, or two
evening sessions, if necessary.
Mr. COBURN. We shall want both a day
session and an evening session ; it will take
that length of time to dispose of our business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to make an exception in favor of the
business of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COBURN. Tuat would amount to hav-
ing no day fixed at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not inter-
fere with the business of the gentleman's com-
mittee if I can possibly avoid it; but I cannot
allow the Committee on Appropriations to be
tied up.
Mr. COBURN. I cannot make that ex-
ception. I move that the rules be suspended,
and the order 1 have.indicated made.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I desire to say
that I must object to this order unless one
exception be made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can indi-
cate his objection by a negative vote.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I desire to
say that I reported a bill from the Committee
on the Public Lands, to secure the public
lands to actual settlers, last session, and it was
made a special order to the exclusion of all
other orders except reports from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That bill was made a
special order, but not to the exclusion of all
other orders.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. It was made
a special order from day to day.
The SPEAKER. Ah! there is a very great,
distinction, and thereis no kind of possibilitv
that the gentleman's bill will be reached unless
it is made a special order to the exclusion of
oil other orders.
Mr. HAWLEY, oflllinois. Itwassomade.
The SPEAKER. Not to the exclusion of
all other orders.
Mr. HAWLEY. oflllinois. I think it was.
The SPEAKER. The phraseology is dis-
tinct. If a bi'l is made a special order, to
ihe exclusion of all other orders, that is one
thing; bill if it be made n special ordt-r only,
then it is subject to be set aside by anything
of higher privilege. For instance, a motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the ;
state of the Union may dissolve a special ;
order by a majority vote, but it cannot dis- |
solve such an order as the gentleman from !
Indiana [Mr. Coburk] desires to have made. '
The question was put on Mr. Cobcrn's mo- i
tion ; and (two thirds voting in favor thereof) !
the rules were suspended, and the order was j
made. I
ORDER OF BUSINESS j
Mr. POTTER. I move that the House do J
now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the appropriation bills.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Merrick] is really entitled to
the floor if he insists upon having it.
Mr. POTTER. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. MERRICK. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee.
BANKRUPT LAW
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire unanimous con-
sent to report from the Judiciary Committee
a bill to declare the true intent and meaning
of the aet amendatory of the bankrupt law
which passed the House in June last, as I re-
member, without a division. It proposes to
extend the exemptions of the bankrupt law to
the extent of saving the homesteads of all bank-
rupts in the States which have been reorgan-
ized and admitted into the Union. That is all
there is of it, and it is a bill which ought to
pass.
!j No objection was made: and the bill (H. R.
| No. 3613) to declare the true intent, and mean-
ij ing of the act approved June 8, 1872, amend-
<j atory of the general bankrupt laws, was read a
ji first and second time.
!l The question was upon ordering the bill to
ji be engrossed and read a third time.
ji The bill, which was read, declares that it was
jj thetrue intent and meaning of an aet approved
ij June8,1872, entitled "An act to amend an act
jj to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
ii throughout the United States, approved March
!i 2, 1867," that the exemptions allowed the
ij bankrupt by the amendatory act should be the
jj amount allowed by the constitution and l.iws of
j: each State, respectively, as existing in the year
1871; and that such exemptions should be valid
l: against debts contracted before the adoption
aud passage of such State constitution and
laws, as well as those contracted after the same,
against liens by judgment or decree of any and
State court, any decision of any such court
rendered since the adoption and passage of
such constitution and laws to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. HAZELl'ON, of Wisconsin. I desire
to move as a substitute for this bill the bill
j which I send to the Cieris's desk.
I Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear it read,
i The Clerk read the title, as follows :
1 An aet to repeal an act entitled "An aet to estab-
t lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
! United States," and all acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot receive anything
I like that in the form of an amendment. I
! appeal to the House, that so long as this law
ji stands it ought to conform to the requirements
jj of the Constitution and be uniform. That is
II all that my bill proposes to accomplish.
'! Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I desire to
I, have the entire law repealed.
|: Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot consent to that,
j; Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Then I
" move that, the rules be so suspended as to pass
the substitute I oiFer instead of the bill pro-
. posed by the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
t, ]5tX(iU.lM ]
Mr. BINGHAM. Can that be done?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
by unanimous consent, repor s a hill from the
Committee on the Judiciary to amend certain
features of the bankrupt law. That bill is r.ow
before the House for its consideration and
action. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Hazblton] moves as a substitute for that bill
an amendment repealing the entire bankrupt
law. That requires a suspension of the rules
and a two-thirds vote. The substitute will be
read.
The substitute was read, repealing the act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughouttbe United States," approve dMarch
2, 1867, and all acts amendatory thereof, and
providing that nothing contained in this act
shall be construed to interfere with or affect
suits and proceedings under the provisions of
the act of March 2, 1867, pending at the time
of the passage of this act, and also that the
provisions of the act relative to involuntary
bankruptcy shall remain in force for a period
of six months from the passage of this act as
to all cases where proceedings are predicated
occurring prior thereto.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the vote
now to be taken, if two thirds vote in the
affirmative, will be to substitute the provisions
just read for the bill reported by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and also to
pass the bill as so amended
The question was then taken ; and upon a
division there weie—ayes 99, noes 47 ; two
thirds voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CRITCHER called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty-five in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 129, nays (30, not voting 52; as
follows;
YEAS—.Messrs. Acker. Ambler. Archer, Arthur.
Barber, Beatty, James B. Beck. Bell. Bird, Austin
Blair. Boles, Bright, Buckley, Bunnell, Burdett,
Benjamin i\ Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Cobura, Co-
mingo, Cotton, Cox, Creb% Crocker, Crossland,
Daws, Dodds, Donnan, DuBose, Duel!, Barnes, El-
dredge, Ely, Farwell, Charles Foster. Frye, Garrett,
Getz, Giddmgs, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale.
Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Harraer, Havens,
Hay, Gerry W. Hazeltors, Hereford, Herndon, Hjb-
bani, Hoar, Holman, Houghton, Kendall, JKerr. Kil-
linger, Limison, Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Lynch,
IXacIntyre, Jlansou, Marshall, McClelland, MeCor-
uiiek, ATeGrew, llcHenry. MeJunkin, Merriam, Ben-
jamin I7. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Sib-
lack, Hosea w. Parker, Pendleton, Perry. Peters,
Potter, Price, Priodle, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Riec, John M. Rice. Ellis H. Roberta, William, R.
Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Shellabarger,Shoomaker, Slater, .Slo-
cum, H. Boarduian Smith, Worthiagton C. Smith,
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, btorm,
Stoughton, few aim, Taffe, Turner, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Yaughan, Yoorhees. Waddeil, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron. Wallace. Warren, \vells.
Wheeler, Williams oi Indiana, John i. Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood—129.
SAYS—Messrs. Ames, Banks, trasmus v> . Beck,
Binsbam, Braxton, Buffinton, Burehard. Roderick
R. Butler, Cobb, Cogblan. Conger. Critcher, Duke,
Bunnell. Elliott, Esty. Farnsworth, Finkeluburg,
Wilder IX Foster, Harper, George K. Harris, John
T. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hill,
Hooper, Keiley, King, Leach, Maynard, MeCrary,
McKee, Merrick, Morey, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Isaae C. Parker, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Rair.ey, John Rogers. Sion H. Rogers. Roosevelt,
and Young—60. _
NOT YOTIXG—Messrs. Adams, Averill.Banmm,
Barry, Bigby, Biggs, James G. Blair, Boarman,
l> Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Conner, Creely. Darrall,
H Bawes, Do Large, Dickey, Box, Forker, Henry D.
, Foster, Garfield, Goodrich, Iialsey, Hanks,^ Hays,
ji John W. Hazelton, Kellogg. Keteham Kmsella,
i| Lowe, MeKimiey, MeNeely, Moore. Mort/his, Leon-
ii ard Myers. Packer, Peek, Peree, Ritchie, Beeley,
ii Sheldon, Sloss, John A. Smith, Snapp. Ssnyder,
Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, walls,
jj Whitthorue, and Williams of New York—o2.
j| So (two thirds voting iu favor thereof} the
