1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
present when this case is taken up. I
this statement to be made in justice to my
colleague and for the information of the Sen-
ator from Indiana before the vote is taken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope at all
events he will not move to lay the pending
measure on the table.
Mr. MORTON. One word. I gave notice
last week that I would ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of this resolution on
last Saturday, but an appeal was made to me
by Senators who desired to be absent on that
day ; and I therefore changed the notice to
Tuesday. After finding that that would be too
late and perhaps in the condition of the busi-
ness of the Senate throw the thing over entirely,
I changed it until Monday, and I gave notice
to the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eron] that I would move it on Monday, but
that I would not ask that a vote be taken until
Tuesday morning, when he would be here. I
should be very glad to postpone this matter to
suit the views of all the Senators or any of
them; but in the discharge of my duty I think
I cannot do it. Now, I will say to the Senator
from Vermont that if the matter should be
permitted to go over until the executive ses-
sion, after the 4th of March, it would then be
argued, as it has.been already on the floor of
the Senate in regard to another matter, that
all the business was terminated, that the Con-
gress had expired, that there was not a con-
tinuation from one session to another, it not
being the same Congress; but that the Con-
gress had expired and that the report had
fallen, and with it all the labor and trouble
that had been taken in regard to the matter.
I do not myself see the importance of press-
ing the bill of the Senator from Vermont. He
knows my views in regard to that bill; that
when it was here before I thought it was one
that was eminently unjust, and I cannot vote
for it while in favor of the general purposes
of the bill. I renew my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the motion to lie on
the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana withdraw the motion tem-
porarily to enable the Senator from Illinois to
propound an inquiry ?
Mr. MORTON. I will withdraw it again
temporarily, but shall renew it again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
no feeling at all in regard to the Kansas case,
a case involving the election of one of the
members of this body, but it is an important
case, particularly to the Senator affected by it;
it is import-ant to the honor and character of
tbe Senate of the United States. The com-
mittee have spent upon that case njany days
at the present session—a very disagreeable
duty I am sure to every member of the com-
mittee who was required to investigate that
proceeding. Having done this, and reported
the result of our investigation to the Senate,
it is now suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont that the case should not be acted upon,
but should go over till the next special session
of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator that it is entirely immaterial to me
when it is considered. I am willing, for one,
to consider it at any time; but I have heard
the general suggestion made all around the
Senate that as the Senate did not expire on
the 4th of March, and there were other impor-
tant subjects to be considered, it was not im-
portant that it should be considered at this
session.
Mr. TRUMBiJLL. I take the Senator's
statement that i4 is generally talked about the
Senate that after imposing this duty upon one
of its committees, which duty and the investi-
gation of other privileged questions involving
the right to seats of persons claiming to be
Senators from the State of Louisiana, have
taken from the Senate seven of its members, I
think, nearly half of this session, the whole
subject shall be thrown over to the next ses-
sion. Now, as far as I am concerned, it will
be quite agreeable to me as an individual not
to take any action in reference to the case of
the Senator from Kansas. It was an unpleas-
ant and thankless duty that was imposed upon
us; but for one, and I believe that may be
said of all the members of the committee, we
tried to discharge the duty and have reported
the result of our deliberations. Now, it is
generally suggested around the Senate that no
action shall be taken upon this report; that a
question which involves the Senate's honor,
which involves the right of a sitting member to
remain here, shall be passed over to another
Senate, when the work will have to be done
over again, because we all know that all com-
mittees and all business expires with every
Congress, and one third of the Senate will be
new after the 4th of March next, consisting it
is true of many members who are reelected,
but many members entirely new to the body.
As I shall not be here, and as this is an un-
pleasant duty, if the Senate is satisfied to post-
pone such a matter, if tie Senate is satisfied,
with that report before them which has been
laid upon their tables, to take no action, and
suffer it to go over, very well; I shall feel that
I discharged my duty while I was here by con-
forming to the order of the Senate investigat-
ing the case, and joining in the report. If the
majority are satisfied that such a thing should
remain unacted upon, let them so decide.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not understand,
as the Senator from Illinois states, that if this
matter is not acted upon before the 4th of
March it falls. I understand that legislation
will fall then; but any question going to the
constitution of this body, which isa continuing
body, which never dies under the Constitution,
changing only one third of its members every
two years, so as to keep one continuous body
of the Government always ia existence—a
question touching the right of any member to
a seat in this Chamber is one of the questions
which do not fall at the end of a Congress. I
supposed that was clear. If that be so, then,
considering the few days that remain of this
session, and the important business that presses
upon us, it seems to me to be eminently fit and
proper that this matter of Mr. Caldwell
should go over until after the 4th of March.
There is another matter reported by the same
Committee on Privileges and Elections in re-
lation to the State of Louisiana, upon which,
if anything is to be done, there must be the
action of both Houses. It is not so with the
Caldwell case. That requires nothing but
the action of the Senate. The Louisiana mat-
ter is of far greater importance, because the
issues of civil war depend upon it. I think
there is a general belief on the part of the gov-
erning and the governed that if Congress shall
adjourn without making suitable provision on
this subject, bloodshed will follow in the State
of Louisiana. There is a matter which both
Houses must act upon, a matter of overwhelm-
ing importance, to say nothing of the other
bills, which will take all our time, day and
night, to pass before the 4th of March.
For that reason it seems to me that the
dignity of this body can wait and remain and
survive ten days longer. I do not believe that
there is anything so pestilential in that Sena
tor as to affect either our physical or political
health. I think we can survive his presence
here until we can hear the case coolly and
dispassionately, and then decide it honestly
and firmly, as of course the Senate will do.
The suggestion of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] that this matter should lie over
until to-morrow in consequence of the absence
of one of the Senators from Pennsylvania, who
requested it to be done, seems to me a suffi-
cient reason at all events for doing that.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this case will go
over until after the 4th of March. It involves
some very important considerations and im-
portant questions of law. The committee are
not unanimous on the subject. They, are very
much in doubt, and there appears to be a great
deal of doubt as to what the law is bearing on
various questions raised by the report. I, for
one, before I vote upon it, want to hear a
thorough diecussion on the subject, such a
discussion as shall develop the whole ques-
tion ; and manifestly there is no time at1 this
session to give the subject the consideration
which it demands. I hope, therefore, it will go
over until after the 4th of March; and that we
shall then take it up and hear a discussion
upon the questions of law and fact involved, so
that when we do make a decision, it will be a
decision that a majority of the Senate will be
willing to stand by. I hope we. shall not vote
on a question so important as this without an
understanding of the basis upon which the
vote is to be taken.
The report appears to raise questions that,
so far as I have been able to ascertain from
an examination, have never been raised from
the foundation of the Government; questions
upon many points of the case on which there
are no precedents at all.
It , proposes to make a precedent, and it
should be deliberately discussed. Any one
familiar with the question must see that if
there is no unnecessary delay in the manage-
ment of the case, if there is only to be legitimate
discussion, two or three days ought to be de-
voted to a case of the kind, it will neces-
sarily be a leading case. It cannot be consid-
ered at this session with that deliberation and
that fairness to the Senate, and to the sitting
member and to the law, that is required in
such a case. I hope, therefore, we shall not
attempt to consider it in the very few remain-
ing hours of this session, when, if it is consid-
ered at all, it must be hurriedly and unad-
visedly acted upon.
Mr. HILL. I am certainly not at all solicit-
ous to add to my responsibilities for the short
remaiuiug time I shall be in. the Senate;
but it does occur to me that after the amount
of labor that has been expended by the com-
mittee in this investigation, occupying so long
a period of time as it has, after such an anx-
ious examination into this case, and consider-
ing the other fact that at least two members
of the committee will no longer be members
of the Senate after the 4th of March, the sub-
ject ought to be disposed of at this, session.
The members of the committee who acted
upon the case submitted to them ought to be
here, if possible, when the matter is con-
sidered. I think I cannot be very far from
the mark when I say that after the details of
the testimony that appeared through the news-
paper press, both of this city- ai}d of the great
cities of the country, there is scarcely a Sen-
ator on tbis floor to-day who has not come to
some conclusion in his own mind as to how
he will vote on the question'.
The facts are limited to a very narrow scope.
They are embraced solely in one item. They
are confined to the question of bribery alone,
and do not go beyond that; and the only ques-
tion that will be presented to the Senate upon
this voluminous report and testimonw will be
as to whether the f<icts sustain the charge that
has been made against the Senator. A major-
ity of the committee came to the conclusion
that they did. There is no minority report be-
fore the Senate, audi for aught that the Senate
knows, it may be merely a dissent on the part
of the minority as to the conclusion of the ma-
jority, that the facts weut to the vacation of
the election.
I cannot think that the country would be sat-
isfied if the Senate were to permit a matter of
this gravity to go over. It is not likely it would
be considered at an extra; session of the Sen-
ate, and if it goes over at all it will be here at
the beginning of the session in December next,
and it may be then that a proposition to recom-
mit to a new .Committee on Privileges" and
