1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of E. P.
Torrey and William B. Titton, praying for an
extension of letters-patent for an improvement
in door-springs; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
lie also presented the petition of Mrs.
Catharine Harris, widow of Rev. Matthias
Harris, chaplain United States Army, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the prohibition
of the manufacture, importation, and sale of
all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bever-
age within the jurisdiction of the United States;
which was Ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Maryland, praying for an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States providing
that the use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage
may disqualify persons from holding office;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of the
Grand Lodge of Independent Order of Good
Templars of Maine, praying Congress to enact
measures to speedily reduce the importation
and manufacture of alcoholic liquors to the
quantity required only for medicinal and manu-
facturing purposes ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CORBETT. I present the petition of
several hundred citizens of Oregon, asking for
the improvement of the Yamhill river, of
Oregon, setting forth the importance of that
work. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of General August Willich and a number of
other citizens, formerly soldiers in the Army,
who state that they are more interested in the
good of the whole country than in the benefit
that will accrue to them from the passage of j
the act recently passed by the House of Rep- j
resentatives giving land to soldiers. They set I
out at considerable length their reasons against
the proposed measure, and insist that it will do
two million soldiers who may be entitled to
the benefits of the act a great deal more harm
as citizens of the country than good it can pos-
sibly do to them as soldiers. They say that
the bill is in the benefit of land speculators and
land sharks, in the language of the memorial-
ists. I move that this memorial be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
of the Seuate, recommending an appropria-
tion to defray the transportation of certain
Cherokee Indians from North Carolina to the
western country; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a letter of the Secretary
of the Interior, addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate,
recommending an appropriation to pay the
interest on certain trust funds held by the
Department for the benefit of the Osage In-
dians ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
KiSPOXTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred a
memorial of the Philadelphia Board of Trade,
with the report of acommittee thereof, praying
that the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to refund the differential duty on articles
actually oti shipboard in Freuch vessels des-
tined to the United States on the 5th of Novem-
ber, 1672. have instructed me to submit a
report, accompanied by a bill.
The bill (S. No. 1417) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund the differential
duty on articles actually on shipboard in French
vessels destined to the United States on the
5th November, 1872, was read, and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill is
so clearly just that I ask present action on it
if there is no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object to that, and
all other bills being considered in this way, in
order that we may go on under the rule with
unobjected cases and reach those that were
reported long ago. If we do this every day
we never shall get down to the cases that have
been reported before. I also state in my own
justification that I have no such bills of my
own, but I think it the fair thing to the
claimants whose business has been advanced
that we should get through with them before
taking up new cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3274) to establish certain
post roads, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, reported an amendment to the bill
(S. No. 1378) to require national banks to
restore their capital when impaired, and to
amend the national currency act; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the board of educa-
tion, authorities of Chicago, and others, re-
questing an exchangeof property of the United
States Government in that city, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds: which wasageeed to.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2698) to provide for the
payment of certain property taken by the Gov-
ernment for the extension of the military res-
ervation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory of
Arizona, reported it without amendment.
He alsQ, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 641) to extend
the provisions of an act entitled "An act for
the final adjustment of private land claims iu
the States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri,
and for other purposes,'' reported adversely
thereon, and the bill was postponed indefin-
itely.
Mr. THURMAN'. The same committee,
to whom were referred papers in relation to
the claim of the estate of Dr.J. C. Beales,
relating to services rendered the United States,
ask to be discharged from their further con-
sideration. No petition has ever been referred
to the committee, nothing but some evidence,
and it does not appear by these papers that
anything is asked of Congress.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. li. No. 2291) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30. 1874, and for other purposes, have
instructed me to report the same back with
sundry amendments, and to recommend its
passage. I desire to give no;ice that 1 shall
ask of the Senate the consideration of that
bill at. a very early day, perhaps on to-morrow.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BtU,.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, reported an amendment to the bill
(H. R. No. 2291) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 80,
1874; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted an amend- i
ment intended to be proposed by him to the [
bill (H. R. No. 2291) making appropriations ;
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex- j
penses of the Government for the year ending 1
June 30, 1874; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1416)
for the relief of David S. Dean; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1418) to enable the Orange, Alexandria,
and Manassas Railroad Company to put down
and operate a temporary railway track through
certain streets in the city of Washington;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN (at the request of Senator
Bkowxlow, absent on account of sickness)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1419) for the
relief of Lieutenant J. Scott Payne; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (8. No. 1420) to provide for the
better education of the indigent blind in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to mtroduce a bill
(S. No. 1421) to authorize the Courtof Claims
to hear, adjudicate, and decide the claim of
the book agents of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, South; which was read twice by its
! title.
j Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say that I
, introduce this bill by request, and in intro-
i ducing it I am not to be understood as io
| any way committed to its support. I move
j its reference to the Committee on Claims,
j The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT (by request) asked, and by
I unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
; duce a bill (S. No. 1422) for the protection
! of settlers on the public lands of the United
] States; which was read twice by its title,
| referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
! and ordered to be printed.
! Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
, bill (S. No. 1423) for the relief of persons for
| damages sustained by reason of Indiau depre-
j dations and injuries; which was read twice by
, its title, referred to the Committee on Indiau
1 Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce & bill (S.
No. 1424) to relinquish the interest of the Uni-
ted States in certain lauds at San Francisco,
California; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CASSERLY. That being a question
which relates to the military reservation at the
Presidio, I move that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
content obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S.
No. 1425) supplemental to an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company, and to aid in the construction of its
road, aud forotherpurposes,'" approved March
3, 1871; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. As the bill is very short,
I ask that it be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the biii, as follows:
Be it enacted, That the principal and interest
of any of the bonds heretofore authorized to be issued
by the Texas and Pacific Kdilway Company may, at
the option of said company, be made payable in
lawful money of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. I have had the bill read
in full for the information of the Senate. By
the fourteenth section of the original act the
