1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
Elections might prevail, and in this way the
matter might be held up for an indefinite period
of time.
I agree with my colleague on the committee,
the Senator from Wisconsin, in what he has
said of the great importance of the Louisiana
matter. I agree that that is a matter that
ought to be settled. It is of greater magni-
tude than the one we are now speaking of;
but, like the one we are now considering, it
also consists of a series of facts with which
the Senate are becoming familiar. They have
been already laid before them : and Senators
have had opportunities to read the testimony.
There is time yet for both these great ques-
tions to be disposed of by the Senate before
its adjournment, and they ought to be disposed
of. The country expects them to be disposad
of. Compared with the many private meas-
ures upon the Calendar, they are of immeas-
urably greater importance. The public mind
is excited about both, this question of priv-
ilege and the question in relation to Louis-
iana. Both ought to be settled, and both
ought to be settled speedily. Neither, unless
it be for the purpose of consuming time, will
admit in my judgment of a great range of
debate. It is true that the Louisiana matter
presents itself in more different forms than
does the Kansas affair; and yet there is not
such a disgraeement in either case about the
facts on the part of the committee as to make
it difficult for the mind to come to a conclu-
sion as to what is most expedient to be done,
as also what is most legal at the same time.
I trust that while the question is before us
if any Senator desires to address the Senate
upon the subject it may be done, and that no
time may be lost, and in order that no Senator
may be taken by surprise the vote be deferred
until to-morrow. That was the time when
everybody expected, for the last two or three
days, the case could be taken up. There can
be no surprise, there can be no injustice, and
I hope no unnecessary delay in postponing
the vote until to-morrow, and in occupying,
if necessary, the intermediate time in dis-
cussion.
Mr. MORTON- I wish simply to say one
word. I notified the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania before he went. away that I would not
ask that the vote be taken until Tuesday. I
supposed it would take a day to discuss the
question, and I told him I would defer the
vote until Tuesday, until he could return, but
that the condition of the business of the Senate
was such that a postponement until to-morrow
morning, to then begin the discussion, would
probably result in passing it over the session
without action, and I knew very well that it
that was done it would be argued as^it has been
argued before on the floor of the Senate, that
with the end of the Congress the report fell,
that one third of the Senate would be new,
that all business fell, and that the matter if
acted upon would have to be begun de novo.
Therefore I renew the motion to lay the pend-
ing bill upon the table.
Mr. LOGAN rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
Illinois V
Mr. MORTON. For a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not rise tor the panose
of discussing the merits or demerits of this
queBtion by any means. I made a counter-
motion, when the motion was made to take up
this ease, that thediscussion of it be postponed
until to-morrow morning. 1 did this believ-
ing it to he just to the accused; and not only
so, but to enable one of his particular Iriends
to be here, who is very desirous of being pres-
ent when the case is taken up. What harm
can come of a postponement for one day, or
for several days. 1 cannot perceive, unless it is
that the howling winds must have a victim to
appease the wrath Ot the god ot calumny. If
ti in not for that, 1 cannot see for what it is. r
If a sacrifice is to be made, we are not tohesi- (
tate; that seems to he the idea; but when a
man's rights, and his reputation, and all that is |
near and dear to him are at stake, it seems to
me that it were but a small thing to be done by
an honorable body like this to postpone it for
a few hours.
Why is it that we are so desirous of martyrs
now? Not that I make any defense, but tbat
fairness at least may be had in this Chamber.
Let a man's rights at least have a fair consid-
eration. It is but that which belongs to man
that he should have manhood enough to stand
long enongh to give another a just and fair
hearing When all his rights are at stake.
Now, sir, if this man is guilty and must go
hence, in God's name, why hasten to pro-
nounce so cruel a verdict? If he is innocent,
in Heaven's name time will not interfere with
the pronouncing of that judgment. A few
days will not make much difference. I be-
lieve we have a right to postpone it even until
the Senate meets next week; but this I do not
ask. It is onlythat it may be postponed until
men are here who desire to be heard, and that
the matter may be calmly and coolly consid-
ered without precipitating it at this time.
So far as the chairman of this committee is
concerned—I see he is rising—I have no fault
to find with his making the motion. It is his
duty to make the motion as chairman of the
committee, it being a privileged question, to
take it up; but, at the same time, it belongs
to the Senate to decide whether they will now
go into the investigation and thediscussion, or
will postpone it until to-morrow, when all may
then consider it calmly and fairly.
Mr. MORTON. .Mr. President, I have
heard -with some regret, the remarks of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Logax,] calling
in question the motive with which this motion
is made this morning.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I beg the
Senator's pardon. I did not call in question
the motive, and I must certainly disclaim any
such intention. I said it was the duty of the
chairman to make the motion as chairman of
that committee, it being a privileged question,
but at the same time the Senate had the right
to decide to postpone it. I called in question
the motives of do man.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator remarked
that perhaps a sacrifice was required to ap-
pease the vengeance of the god of calumny.
I think that was his expression if I remember
correctly. Mr. President, this whole business
has been exceedingly disagreeable and painful
to me, the most so of any I have been called
upon to take part in since I have been in the
Senate; but the committee of which I was
chairman was charged with this investigation,
and in the responsible position oi chairman
1 have a duty to perform whieii. however
reluctant I may be and however disagreeable
it may be, I shall at least attempt to perform
fearlessly. If the Senate should acquit Mr.
Gaijsweia after a hearing upon its conscience
and judgment, nobody will be better satisfied
than myself. So far from having any feeling
in this matter against him it has been the
reverse. Surely I am asking no sacrifice. I
do not think the majority of the committee is
asking a sacrifice, or that there is a single
unkind feeling on the part of that committee
toward Mr. Caldwell, and so far as the tacts
in the report are concerned, I understood the
the Senator from Illinois to agree to them iu i
full, though not as to the conclusion precisely
as to what should be done. lhis_ matter, 1
suppose, will run into to-morrow it it is com-
menced to-day. It can be commenced as
calmly and as dispassionately to-day as it can .
to-morrow, and the Senator from Pennsylvania
hare an opportunity of returning and of ex- j
Dressing his opinions upon it. for 1 tola mm ,
the vote would not be taken until luesday, so i
that he might have an opportunity or being j
here. But I understand lull well the effect ot
a postponement from day to day; that, when j
within the last three or four days of the session i
the appropriation bills are crowding us, and
there is a prospect of an extra session, that
will furnish a reason or will furnish a pretext
for passing this matter over until the next ses-
sion. Then will come the argument that the
report and the resolution have fallen with the
Congress, and the proceeding must be begun
again.
Sir, it is in the simple discharge of my duty
that I now urge this matter. It is with the
Senate to determine what action they will take.
If they should pass this ease over until to-mor-
row, and then pass it over until the 4th of
March, and then drop it, the responsibility, at
least, shall not be mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator renew his motion ?
Mr. ALCORN rose.
Mr. MORTON. If a Senator on the com-
mittee wishes to speak, I will withdraw it for
a moment.
Mr. ALCORN. I simply wish to add my
testimony to the fact that the Committee oil
Privileges and Elections have performed their
duty, and it was one imposed on them by the
Senate, and they reached the conclusion at
which they arrived with regret. No one knows
better than the members of the committee the
regret with which the chairman who now rep-
resents the committee upon this floor arrived
at the conclusion which the evidence in this
case led him necessarily to.
Now, sir, I feel, as one member of the com-
mittee, called upon to stand by the chairman
in urging before the Senate the importance of
action upon the report of the committee and
the resolution that the committee introduced.
It is a question of importance. The conclusion
is one at which the committee arrived after
long and weary days of investigation and
adjudication, and finally a discussion upon the
question involved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Mississippi a question ?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to ask the Senator from Mississippi if
he does not understand that very likely by
this time we might have disposed of the ques-
tion before the Senate instead of discussing
the matter of priority of business ?
Mr. ALCORN. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Vermont that if all others are
satisfied to vote on this question now and on
other questions of like character that have re-
ceived investigation and discussion, I stand
ready to vote upon them without debate. I
think I may claim that I have not consumed a
very large share of the attention of the Senate
during this session of Congress ; but now I do
claim to be heard when I say in my place that
as one of the members of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections I desire the Senate
to take the responsibility to itself if there be
no action had upon the resolution reported by
that committee; and having said this much I
leave the matter with the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. One word and I will renew
the motion. I will say to my friend from Ver-
mont that I am advised since I have come upon
the floor that there will be discussion of and
serious opposition to the bill which he is urg-
ing, and that in all probability it will take this
whole day. I have no doubt about that from
what I have heard, and therefore I renew the
motion to lay it on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I will only
say that the friends of the bill do not propose
to occupy time. , , ■> . ,
Mr. MORTON. I think ttoe enemies of the
bill do I renew the motion, to lay the pend-
ing bill on the table, for the purpose I have
indicated ; and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. OONKL1NG. May I interrupt the roll-
call by a question of the Chair ? .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Scarcely in a
matter of debate. ,
Mr. CONKLING. I simply want to ask a
