726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
bonds were required to bear gold interest.
The president of the road desires that they
may be allowed to issue currency bonds if they
elect so to do. I can see no objection to that
if no bonds have been issued. I ask that the
bill lie on the table for the present, and I shall
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider it when I have ascertained that fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better be referred
to acommittee, and let us have awritten report
showing how it is. Then everybody will know
all about it, and the public will be advised that
we have changed that law.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I move the
reference of the bill to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
POWER TO ISSUE UNITED STATES NOTBS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, submitted the
following resolution ; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand extra copies ofSen-
ate report No. 275 from tho Committee on Finance,
with the views of the minority, respectng the power
of the Secretary of the Treasury to issue the forty-
four million retired United States notes, he printed
for the use of the Senate.
TELEGRAPH LINKS
Mr. STEWART. I move that the resolu-
tion which I offered yesterday in regard to the
cost of telegraph lines be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
THE CALENDAR.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order, so that we may take up the Calendar
for half an hour; and I think we may be able
to reduce it somewhat in that time.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. I have been fighting for
that all along.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the next business
in order is the Calendar, under the Anthony
rule, until one o'clock, when the bill in regard
to the sloops of war will come up as the
unfinished business. The Secretary will com-
mence the Calendar, beginning at the middle
of page S).
NATION AT. RAILROAD OP M ARYI/AND.
The first bill on the Calendar was tho bill
(S. No. 1055) to authorize the extension and
use of the National railroad of Maryland into
and within the District of Columbia.
Tho bill was read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That bill had
better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, and the Secretary will report the
next bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I would
ask the honorable Senator from Vermont
what his special objection is to this bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the first
place, it is a bill that ought to be examined;
and the statutes which it mentions, if referred
to, would bo found to be at least singular, and
I think it also provides for the passage of the
road across the public park. Of course the
Senator understands that I am now, have
heretofore been, and forever hereafter will be
opposed to any such measure.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. So am I;
but I have no difficulty about railroads coming
into the city if they come here rightly, and I
expect this to be one of them. If there is any
provision in the bill that does not protect the
public property, I want to have it put on this
bill. 1 am sure the honorable Senator will
not object to our getting as many railroads as
we can. This is a railroad to extend to Har-
risburg.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a provision in
the bill which would authorize them to cross
the public grounds.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. There ia
an amendment on that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill wili be
passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill.
NEZ PERCE RESERVATION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1183) to enable the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to purchase and pay for certain
improvements within the Nez Perce Indian
reservation in the Territory of Idaho.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be passed over.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 935) incorporating the National^ Sol-
diers and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training
Association.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
SAW-MILLS ON MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 893) for the protection of owners of
saw-mills on the Mississippi river; which was
eonsidered as in Committee of the Whole.
By its terms the owners of saw-mills on the
Mississippi river are empowered to construct
or build piers or cribs in front of their mill
property on the banks of the river, for the pro-
tection of their mills and rafts against damage
by floods and ice ; but the piers or cribs so
constructed are not to interfere with or obstruct
the navigation of the river.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendmeut in line four, to insert
after the word'' empowered'' the words'' under
the direction of the Secretary of War," and at
the end of the bill to insert the following pro-
viso :
Provided further, That in case by reason of the
shifting of the channel of the said river, or from any
other cause, the piers or cribs, the construction of
which are authorized by this act, shall be found to
obstruct the navigation of said river at any time, the
Government expressly reserves tho right to remove
or direct the removal of any such piers oreribs at the
cost and expense of the owners thereof, and that the
sum of $10,000, or so much thereof as may bo neces-
sary, is hereby appropriated,outof any moneyin the
Troasury not otherwise .appropriated, for the pur-
pose of making the necessary surveys by the corps
of engineers to carry this act into effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
appropriation part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to, the bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole. The Chair hears no objection,
and the question is on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Commerce, which the
Senator from Vermont moves to amend by
striking out the $10,000 appropriation.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POUT OF ENTRY AT SAN DIEGO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1179) to make San Diego, in the State
of California, a port of entry ; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to detach the counties of Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, and San
Diego, in the State of California, from the
collection district of San Francisco ; and pro-
vides that all the territory, ports, harbors,
rivers, and waters of those counties shall con-
stitute a collection district by the name of the
San Diego district, for which the city of San
Diego, on the bay of San Diego, is established
as the sole port of entry. The President of
the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, is to appoint a col-
lector to reside at the port, whose compensa-
tion is to be $3,000 per annum. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury is to have power to appoint
such inspectors, weighers, gaugers, measurers,
and other officers as may be necessary for the
collection of the revenue at the port; and the
collector may, with the approbation of the
Secretary, appoint inspectors, whose compen-
sation shall be $1,000 each per annum, for
eacb of the ports of San Pedro and Santa
Barbara, which shall continue to be ports of
delivery.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have not seen that
bill, and should like the Clerk, if there is no
objection, to read it once more.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to displace
the bill. I ask merely that it now stand over
informally until I can examine it, for this rea-
son: as I understand the matter, the port
which accommodates the largest number of
people now is San Pedro, and I know of no
reason why the only port of entry for a great
district of four counties should be one at San
Diego. I agree heartily that San Diego should
be a port of entry; but I am decidedly of the
opinion that San tedro, or Wilmington, as it
is now called, should be a port of entry also,
for a district of its own.
Mr. COLE. I will say to my colleague that
there is already a deputy collector at the port
of San Diego, and rfot at San Pedro, and that
his salary is precisely the same as that pro-
vided for the collector in this bill ; and the
bill does not add to the expense, but is for the
convenience of commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks that the bill be passed
over informally, as a number of other bills
have been. When bills are passed over in-
formally, the Chair supposes tbey can be
reached on motion. They certainly cannot be
called up, as the Anthony rule is imperative.
This bill will be passed by, subject to be called
up hereafter.
HEIRS OF FRANCIS AND CHARLES TAYLOR.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1188) for the relief of the heirs of
Colonel Francis Taylor and Dr. Charles
Taylor.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill involves the
question of the payment of interest for a hun-
dred years—a very great priuciple. I must
object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. SH ERMAN. This is a case still under
the revolutionary claims act. I know of no
objection to paying the principal, though I sup-
posed these claims were all passed long ago ;
but I cannot consent to pay interest for a hun-
dred years.
Mr. POOL rose.
Ibe VICE PRESIDENT. When a bill is
objected to it passes from the consideration of
the Senate and is not subject to debate. The
bill will remain on the Calendar.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT NASHVILLE.
"j® next, bill on the Calendar was the bill
(U. R. No. 2943) to provide for the erection
of a public building at Nashville, Tennessee ;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be erected, on the ground now
owned by the United States ia that city, a
suitable building at Nashville, Tennessee, for
the use and accommodation of the courts of
the united States, the post office, custom-
house, and other offices of the Government,
at a cost not exceeding the sum of $150,000.
lhe Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with an amendment
to insert before the appropriating clause the
words, Upon plans to be previously made
and approved by the Secretary of tbeTreasury.''
lhe amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
