1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
question of the Chair that I may vote^ intel-
ligently. Is the question on laying this bill
on the table and taking up the Kansas-case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
question is on laying the bill on the table.
The Senator from Indiana gives notice that if
that motion prevails he will move to call up
the Kansas case.
Mr. CONKLING. But there will be a
separate vote upon taking up the report of
the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 32 ; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Casserly, Cole,
Conkllng, Cooper, Fenton, terry of Connecticut,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hill, Maohcn, Morton.-Norwood, Pratt. Ran-
som, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, and
Trumbull—22. . . ~
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow, tar-
renter, Chandler, Clayton, Cragin. Edmunds Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, Kelly,Logan, Morrilloi Vermont,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer. Scott. Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, West,
Windom and Wright—32. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Corbett, Davis, Erelmghuysen,
Gilbert, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Saulsburyi Schurz, Sumner, Thuraan, Vickers, and
Wilson—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator' from
Minnesota to refer the bill, with the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the
question is on referring without instructions to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on referring the bill with the amendment,
without instructions.
Mr. CONKLING. When the Senate bill
for which this is a substitute was here I ab-
stained from opposing it in deference to the
judgment of the Senator from Vermont, who
had it in charge, and of eminent gentlemen
not Senators.
Now we have from the House of Represent-
atives a measure with nearly all the objection-
able features of the Senate bill, and others
besides, serious in character. The Senator
from Vermont, laboring as he is to induce the
Senate to concur with the House of Repre-
sentatives, sought to molify and commend his
action a moment ago by assuring us that he
was willing the subject should go to a confer-
ence committee if we prefer. Those who
understand what the result would be in a con-
ference committee, after having heard my
honorable friend from Vermont confess readi-
ness to take the House bill, will not, I think,
find much to choose between a concurrence
at once and the yieldiug grasp of a confer-
ence. The Senator from Vermont would be
the chairman and the presiding genius of a
conference on the Senate's part, and the
House having already expressed its preference
for its substitute, the question we must face
is, whether we will adopt the House bill.
Why must we act under whip and spur ? ^ A
novel proposition so vast as this, having
reaebed us since the 18th of February, ought
not to be disposed of until those interested and
informed on the subject can be heard. Here
lies upon my desk a note received this morn-
ing from one of the most eminent teachers in
the country, the president of a college, one
who cannot run til© risk that I may ot seem-
ing indifference to the interests of general
education; and for himself and for other presi-
dents of colleges, for other philanthropists and
men of public spirit, he protests against this
measure or any other measure being adopted
now until opportunity for suggestion and con-
sideration shall occur. He, lor himself and
for others, some of whom he names, disap-
proves the provisions of this bill, and he says
the proposed action is sudden and was unex-
pected generally, however it may have been
anticipated by those promoting it, and he asks
for Athenian justice; he makes a demand
which was made in Athens in the words
" strike but hear." If the honorable Senator
from Vermont is right in telling us that those
best informed doubt whether the colleges will
ever receive anything under this scheme, cer-
tainly they can wait even until the snow flies
in December for this legislation to crystallize.
If, on the contrary, as I think I shall be able
to show, an immense sum of money is to be
given, surely a little deliberation, a better un-
derstanding of the effect of these provisions,
will do nobody any harm.
The Senate bill proposed to devote to eacn
State $625,000, that being the proceeds at
$1 25 an acre of five hundred thousand acres
of land. Six hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars were to be devoted to each
State to establish colleges of which agriculture
should be the chief object. That project was
discussed. Senators who could not see the
propriety of distributing these colleges among
the States alike, regardless of population and
locality, any more than light-houses or works
of internal improvsmGnt should bo distributed
without reference to the particular exigency,
made known their difficulties, and various
questions belonging to that bill were argued.
Eventually the bill found its way through the
Senate. I did not vote against it. I did not
vote for it; but I held my judgment in abeyance
in respect to the opinions of those who know,
more about it than I do and who could judge
of .it more wisely.
Now see what the House proposes. I mean
to keep within such limits that the question of
half or three quarters of the public land, which
arose between the Senator from Ohio and the
Senator from Vermont, cannot be suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was mistaken in that;
it is one half.
Mr. CONKLING. Nor can the question
which the Senator from Minnesota presented
by including interest and other calculations
arise when I say the plan is to give from the
Treasury of the United States $38,000,000 to
endow colleges; and if the Senator from Ver-
mont thinks I am wrong I beg him to say so,
because I would not occupy unnecessarily one
moment of time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My impres-
sion is that the Senator is correct so far as
this, that in the lapse of time, perhaps it will
take twenty-five years according to the esti-
mate of the Senator from Minnesota, it will be
$1,000,000 then to each State.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us pause here a
moment. The war, the expansion of the cur-
rency, the immense sums to which we have
become accustomed, have dizzied our arith-.
metic. The old standards and ideas have
vanished, and a sort of nebulous immensity
has entered into the notions and impressions
of men as to sums of money, especially for
public uses ; but perhaps an impression may
be momentarily made by the proposal to devote
$38,000,000 to endow schools of a particular
kind, to be arbitrarily located in advance, one
in each State. Each one of them is to receive
$50,000 a year, to be derived from five per
cent, bonds, which of course implies a capital,
as the Senator from Vermont admits, of a
million dollars, and other provisions of the
bill show that this one single act is to sweep
away forever one half of all the residuum ot
the public domain.
I heard my friend from Illinois talking a
few minutes ago about the god of vengeance;
a friend behind says it was the god of calumny.
Well, either of these deities will do for me
now. It is one of the attributes of both these
gods to require a great deal to appease him in
regard to public lands; and we hear vehement
statements of what has been done for railroads
and what has been done otherwise with the
public lands, and we hear much of reserving
them for homesteads, and of claims which
rest upon them for this, that, and the other
object. It seems to me that those who feel
the peed of such admonition would do well to
pause. Certainly it would be well to pause
when the plan is to set up thirty-seven agri-
cultural schools within five years, neither
more nor less, whether needful or not, some
of which must be spindling if they do not die.
Thirty-sevfp agricultural colleges are to be
set up, when the gentleman whose note I have
referred to reminds us that six or eight of
these institutions have been found enough for
sixty million Germans.
I know that I ought to remembGr at "tuis
point that the Senator from Vermont now in the
chair [Mr. Edmunds] on a previous occasion
reminded us that there was some elasticity in
a statute which is the foundation of this. The
college need notbe wholly agricultural, that they
might have a chair of chemistry or mines; but
everybody who has examined the statute knows
also that the chief object of the project and of
the institutions to be founded is the promotion
of agricultural colleges. So that the question
put to us is this: whether such an expenditure
shall be made in order to set up in Maine, so
ably represented by my friend at my side, £Mr.
Hamlin,] an agricultural college? Does Maine
need an agricultural college ? I would like the
privilege of cross-examining my honorable
friend on that point. He could tell ,us all
about it, and I think he would be compelled
to make a statement showing that it would be
a strange application of means to an end to
devote money to setting up an agricultural
college rather than some other eollege in the
State of Maine. And yet we are to have in
Maine and in every other State and in the-Dis:
trict of Columbia (except that special provision
is made there that the fund shall go to. the
Smithsonian Institution in order to sustain a
museum of natural curiosities) an agricultural
college, and it is to be located within five years,
the locality and site to be fixed ; and we are
to commit ourselves to a scheme .which is to
pledge the Government to pay $38,000,000 and
to give up one half the public lands in order
to carry such a plan out.
Now, Mr. President, if this were the only
time in one's life, when he would be permitted
to vote on this question, if my honorable
friend from Vermont was about to be trans-
lated, if there was any danger of his becoming
a political Millerite, putting on his aseension
robes, and sitting down in a political grave-
yard, prepared to go up, so that we might lose
entirely the benefit of his counsel, advice, and
vote hereafter; if this were absolutely the last
chance, and positively no postponement on
account of weather, as the play bills say, I
could see a reason for being very careful not
to make any mistake by being against this bill
now. But as the Congress, like the race, is
perpetual, as it never ceases to be in some
form and under some circumstances, I feel
easy in taking the responsibility of postponing
to a by and by the favorable consideration of
such a scheme, if it is even to be considered.
I say this, Mr. President, with as much per-
sonal inclination as any Senator to favor and
advance this measure. In my own State there
is an institution which would become a bene-
ficiary. In addition to the respect and the
warm regard that I have for those whose names
are entitled to imperishable remembrance for
for the great work they have done in the estab-
lishment of that institution, I have the deepest
interest in the institution itself, and I would
vote for anything within the limits of duty to
nurture and augment it. JBut I cannot shut
my eyes to the fact that a large number of per-
sons, the most discerning, the most instructed
upon this question, have been taken by sur-
prise, and are up in arms against this propo-
sition. They may be acting for inadequate
reasons; it "may be that consideration and* ex-
amination would dispel eatirely all'the objec-
tions they make, and I am addressing myself
rather to the occasion and the time than to
the ultimate merits of the bill. _ - _
I say that to pass it now, to concur with the
House, or to hand it over to a conference com-
