1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
fisk university.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 28G2) to confirm the purchase by
the executive department of three acres of
land, more or less, in the vicinity of Nashville,
Tennessee, known as the site of Fort Houston,
and to donate and convey the same to the Ftsk
University for educational purposes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senators from
Tennessee are not in their seats this morning,
and I therefore prefer that that bill should be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 3610) to authorize the
payment of the census takers of 1860;
A bill (H. R. No. 3613) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," and all acts amendatory thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 3611) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of Shelton F. Leake, of Albe-
marle county, Virginia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3612) to relieve the dis-
abilities of W. R. Boggs, of Missouri; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 184) tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Captain David
Ritchie, commanding the revenue steamer
Moccasin, and the officers and men under his
command.
taking of testimony.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the taking of
testimony in certain cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill does not appear
ever to have been referred. I move that it.be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary for
examination.
The motion was agreed to.
margaret fillebrown.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 2886) for ihe relief of Margaret Filie-
brown ; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay Margaret Filiebrown, the
widow of the late Henry C. Filiebrown, who
lost his life by being drowned in the Coosa
river, Alabama, while engaged in the service
of the United States as an engineer, the salary
he would have been entitled to have received
from the day of his death. August 11, 1871, to
the end of the fiscal year in which his death
occurred had he remained in the service, being
at the rate of $200 per month.
Mr. CONKLING. For how long is the
salary to be paid ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Between ten
and eleven months, to the end of the fiscal
year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
lands in michigan.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1035) for the restoration to market of
certain lands in Michigan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think that bill had bet-
ter go over. The Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Fremnoiicyskx) who has charge of it
is not here, and it will need some explana-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
masonic i.odgb at harper's frrry.
The next, bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1W2) for the velief of Charity Lodge
No. lit, Free and Accepted Masons, of Har-
per's Ferry, West Virginia.
The V1CEPRESIDENT. This bill appears
not to have been reported by any committee.
Mr. DAVIS. That is an error in the print-
ing of the Calendar. The bill was reported
by the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wis-
dom] favorably from the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects, and the Senate passes from
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the objec-
tion for the explanation of my friend, subject
to its renewal.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a bill reported by
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Wixdom.]
It is for the use of the room of the Charity
Lodge at Harper's Ferry, taken possession of
by Federal troops in 1861, and retained until
1864. The repairs on the lodge-room cost
the lodge $1,125. No repairs were allowed
by the committee, but the bill is for rent for
the lodge-room for between three and four
years, the amount being estimated by a special
agent sent by the Department to the spot to
examiue into the matter. His report was
$767 for rent during the time it was occupied
by the forces of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there a written re-
port?
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Minnesota
who reported the bill from the Committee on
Claims will explain.
Mr. WINDOM. I will say to the Senator
from Vermont that there is no written report.
The bill was agreed to by the Committee on
Claims just at the close of the last session,
and the papers were sent from the Department
to the committee, on which we examined and
reported the bill. The committee became
fully satisfied of the facts ; but during the
hurry of the close of the session I did not write
out a report. I think the bill ought to pass,
and that was the unanimous opinion of the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it was not
necessary to tell me that my friend thought
the bill ought to pass, as he reported it. I
have sufficient confidence in his sincerity to
believe that.
Mr. WINDOM. I want to say to the Sen-
ator that I am still of tbe same opinion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Minnesota, inasmuch as we have not any
report, how this occupation began; whether
it was a military occupation under the s.ress
of circumstances there in time of tumult, or
whether it was a hiring by tbe quartermaster
of this place for the ordinary uses of the Army
there ?
Mr. WINDOM. As I remember the case, it
was an occupation by the Army for a consid-
eiable length of time without any contract, a,
taking possession by our Army for occupation.
The tune I do not remember precisely.
Mr. BO HE MAN. It was taken possession
of in the first instance for the quartering of
troops, used as a barracks for a time, and was
then occupied as a hospital at the conclusion
of the time spoken of. There was a contin-
uous occupation by the Government for three
or four years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was it taken possession
of, ill the first instance, at a lime ivheu there
was any battle there or any great stress of cir-
cumstances, or was it only in connection with
the occupation of that place by the Army as a
point to be held ?
Mr. BORE.MAN. It was taken possession
of not in consequence of any battle or any-
thing of that sort, but deliberately, in the first
instance as a, barracks, and in the next in-
stance as a hospital.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That being the state of
the case, 1 have one more question. I should
like to know what the difficulty is in the quar-
termaster's department paying the bill them-
selves.
Mr. BOREMAN. They have no funds, I
understand, to pay such claims. While they
had a contingent fund under their control they
did pay such claims ; but the contingent fund
out of which they were allowed to pay claims
has become exhausted, as I understand. I
have been so told by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral himself in regard to other claims, not,
probably, in regard to this one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am so much afraid that
this will involve a precedent when we come to
get at all the facts, which will pinch us in some
pretty important respects in the course of a
year or so, and on matters now pending, that
I think I must ask to have the bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont renews the objection, and the
bill will remain on the Calendar.
nez pbkce indian reservation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I was out when the
bill (S. No. 1183) to enable the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to purchase and pay for cer-
tain improvements in the Nez Perc6 Indian
reservation iti the Territory of Idaho was
passed over. I would ask that it be consid-
ered now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I objected to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objected to that bill, and de-
sired it to remain on the Calendar.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Does the Senator
understand what the bill is?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; that is one of the
reasons why I objected to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was
not passed over informally, but on objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS subsequently said: I with-
draw the objection I made to Senate bill No.
1183, referred to by the Senator from Con-
necticut. I find it to be merely a personal
bill instead of a general bill, as I apprehended.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1183) to enable the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to purchase and pay for certain im-
provements within the Nez Perc6 Indian
reservation in the Territory of Idaho, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that by the tenth article
of the treaty concluded with the Nez Perce
tribe of Indians, June 11, 1855. it was agreed
that the tract of land then occupied by William
Craig should not be considered a part of tbe
reservation set apart for them by the treaty,
except that the same should be subject to the
intercourse act in common with the other
lands of the reservation, in consideration ot
the fact that Craig had consented to reside
among them as their friend and adviser; that
Craig, and since his death his legal representa-
tives. have cultivated and otherwise improved
the tract of land in question ; that the right of
personal occupancy of the same, acquired
under the treaty referred to, ceased with his
death; and that the improvements upon the
tract are required for the use of the Nez Perce
tribe of Indians.
The bill therefore proposes to authorize the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to purchase,
from the legal representative? of William
Craig, the improvements referred to. at a cost
not exceeding the sum of three dollarsper rod
for fencing and four dollars and fifty cents per
acre for the plowing upon the tract, and to pay
for the same, out of any unexpended money
appropriated for fulfilling treaty with the Nez
Perce tribe of Indians.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state that
William Craig was a friend ot this tribe of
Indians and at their request occupied a por-
tion of their land. He was their adviser,
their friend. He made improvements upon
this land and his heirs also made improve-
ments. He has since deceased. They have no
right or title to the land itself, but the bill
provides that payment may be made under
