1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
mittee, which is same thing in result, and thns
cast this die forever so that we can neither con-
sider ourselves, nor allow those who are inter-
ested in so great a matter to be heard, seems
to roe a hasty, an improvident, and an inex-
cusable act. If it is the best thing that can be
done, it will not lose its merits by postpone-
ment. If it is to hand over all this money as
speedily as 1 believe, a postponement will do
no harm; if it is to be a barren scepter, as the
Senator from Vermont has indicated, certainly
there is no objection to a postponement. So
that in every aspect I feel bound to ask and to
vote that this may lie over until we can con-
sider it deliberately, in place of acting upon it
in the dying hours of a session when we are
compelled, in reference to other measures, to
meet at eleven o'clock in the morning, and sit
nobody knows how far into the night.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have heard with a
great deal of pleasure my distinguished friend
from New York in stating his objections to
this, to me, all-important measure. I certainly
do not desire to take up the time of the Sen-
ate on this occasion or any other; but there
being no more important bill before the Senate
at present, knowing that the appropriation
bills will pass—nor do I believe any more im-
portant measures has been presented at this
session—I begtobeindalgedinaword. Grati-
fied am I when I have heard the distingushed
Senator from New York, that I always hear
with great pleasure, arrive at the honest, nay,
candid conclusion that he has iu the premises.
He tells us that he is opposed to the bill. I
regret that because heretofore, as he says, he
had been halting between two opinions so far
as not to vote on the passage of the bill when
up in the Senate previously. I know not now,
however, what he may do, though his inclina-
tion seems to be against the measure.
What are the substantial reasons prompting
theaction of my distinguished friend? "Why,"
says he, "I have a letter on my desk now
from one of the most eminent, prominent, in-
tellectual men perhaps of the nation." That
may all be; I raise no issue with my friend
upon that branch of the question, because
what great measure has ever been presented to
the Senate of the United States that you could
not find great men upon the one side and the
other ? In the proud days of the great Webster,
Clinton, Clay, Jackson, and all the names that
adorn our history, a similar state of things
was found to exist. So it is to-day, and so
it will be as long as the nation exists. There
is nothing remarkable in that.^ But, by the
way, my friend very carefully did not tell you
that his opposition was based upon conclusions
of his own from an investigation of the sub-
ject, and he lets us know that he has not
matured it; he asks time. Prudent as he is,
eminent as is the mind which distinguishes
my friend, he is always right when he b&s
had an opportunity for investigation before
he commits himself; but ray friend may very
well recollect that this has been acted on
by other gentlemen in the Senate who have
acted for themselves upon different occasions.
They have matured the subject well in the com-
mittees of both Houses, it you please. Much
time, much labor, great exhaustion ol thought
has been given to this great question, and they
have arrived at the conclusion that now is the
time for action. .
My friend tells us that at a convenient sea-
son this may be all right; and that idea is
properly associated with the action ol the dis-
tinguished Senator on this occasion, and that
is, to protract and postpone this measure so
that in all probability it shall never be heard ot
again, That is the desire. Why, sir, we are
told in this argument that this bill, after hav-
ing been before committees for months, ought
to be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands For what reason ? The distinguished
Senator from Minnesota tells us that he wants
to protect the interests of the soldiers ot the
country.
Mr. WINDOM. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. To what committee has
this pending bill—this amendment of the
House of Representatives, which is entirely
different from the Senate bill—been referred ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. The Senator will recol-
lect that this subject has been considered in
the two Houses for a long time. The original
bill was before the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator says it has
been carefully considered for months by com-
mittees. I ask what committee has considered
it at all ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I take it for granted
that the House committee has. The Senate
bill had been well matured. I was a member
of the Senate committee. I recollect that. I
spent much time upon it. I examined it with
a great deal of interest. I take it for granted
that the same examination and care were
given to the bill in the House likewise.
Mr. WINDOM. Has this amendment been
referred to any committee of the Senate ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I do not know ; but I
think we understand the subject here very
well. If gentlemen do not, 1 certainly am
not responsible for their want of information.
Now, the distinguished Senator who has just
interrogated me understands the landed in-
terests of the United States very well, it
appears. The old soldier is brought upon us
again. Well, sir, I wish to say on this occa-
sion that I have never, that I recollect, cast a
vote against a soldier of the country, and I do
not propose to do it; and why not? Because
they are meritorious. Whenever anything is
invoked in the name of the soldiers, their chiv-
alry and gallantry are always vividly before
my mind. I recollect the proud days of Wash-
ington, when with his little band he achieved
the independence of this country and secured
the public domain, or at least a portion of it,
that we are now speaking of. The very sol-
diers for whose interest my friend is so anxious,
came forward at the proper period, and they
maintained the right of the country to that
land and much more that has been subse-
quently acquired, and which is now perpetu-
ated to this great Union.
Mr. WINDOM. If it will not interrupt the
Senator's gush of patriotism, may I ask
whether he is in favor of the soldiers' bounty
land bill?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I might well answer
the Senator by saying: "Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof." I have already de-
fined my position in respect to the soldiers of
the country, that I have never given an ad-
verse vote to the right of the soldier, and I
never expect to do so.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator regards the
soldiers' bounty land bill, then, as I under-
stand, as an evil.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have not said so. I
say whenever that bill comes forward and it is
necessary for me to cast my vote upon it, I
shall endeavor to do it correctly. But, if my
honorable friend will permit me in answer to
his question to make a remark, it is said that
that bill is one of the grandest swindles ever
perpetrated upon the American people. If
that be found to be so upon an investigation,
I certainly shall vote against it. If it be an
honest and fair bill, I shall vote for it.
Mr. WINDOM. How will the Senator vote
for it after having given away one half of the
public lands to these colleges?
Mr. FLANAGAN. If one half of the pub-
lic land is given away, to whom is it given ?
If you vote half of the public domain for
this purpose, as is alleged here, it will be di-
rectly voting it to the soldier, and not only to
the soldier, but to his children and his poster-
ity. I am obliged to the Senator for that in-
terrogatory, for it enables me to answer fully,
and to carry out the idea of this bill as briefly
as I have an opportunity to do now.
Sir, if that bounty were granted to the sol-
diers, the sharpers to be found at every corner
in Washington and in all the little towns
throughout the United States would rob the
soldiers and defraud them of it for a quart of
•whisky, perhaps, or something of that kind,
and it would never really inure to the benefit
of their children ; but if the public lands are
devoted to these colleges, the benefits will
inure to their children for all time to come.
My distinguished friend from New York
says that we should certainly look to what we
are d©ing; that this bill at one sweep takes
from the United States thirty-eight millions of
the public domain. I should have been glad
if my friend bad gone further, aud submitted
to us where it is to be located when it is swept
away? Where is it to be swept from? Out
of existence ? Oh, no, by no means. What
is to be the disposition of it? The money
arising from the sale is to be devoted to the
education of untold generations, not only the
millions that exist to-day, but the millions
that will arise for hundreds and thousands of
years, I hope. Then where is it to be swept.
The map of the country will not be changed ;
it will interfere with no State lines.
But my friend from Nebraska makes an
appeal to us in behalf of the homestead set-
tlers." Let them come. There is ample land
for them all. Let them come from all the
civilized portions of the globe, if you please,
and occupy and enjoy the public lands ; and
when they have done so, it will only thereby
make us the more able to aid in this great
work of education. The coffers of our Treas-
ury will thereby be replenished, because they
will have to plant out their orchards, they
will have to build up farm-houses, they will
put up mills, they will erect manufactories,
and they will be citizens of the American
nation in every sense of the word ; taxes will
be paid, and the nation, instead of being
ruined, will be far richer ; and whenever we
may need soldiers again, if that hour should
ever arrive, as we know that such dark Hours
do make their appearance once in a while in
the history of all nations, we shall have them
educated and able to perform their duty to
the country. We are only proposing in this
bill to do that which has been done to a par-
tial extent by the nation for many years pre-
viously ; and we propose to carry it out suc-
cessfully. We propose to cultivate the minds
of the young, to raise up accomplished soldiers
who may go forth and take charge of the
armies that we shall raise to repel the enemies
of the country, to put down rebellion, and do
everything that tends to perpetuate this great
and glorious natifln. The design is to open
schools of that character in every State, to
enlighten the minds of the young, so that they
will be the better prepared to stand torth in
the defense of their country, and be better
soldiers than they would be in the absence ol
education. No Senator will undertake to raise
an issue upon that branch of the subject, I
apprehend. In my opinion good only will
arise from this measure, and no evil that 1
can possibly conceive of.
Sir, this is no project to fritter away the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, thereby
rendering the lands of the United States less
valuable in a pecuniary point, of view than at
present. It will enhance their value m every
sense of the word. It will tend to cultivate
the minds of the children of untold geuera-
But Senators tell us that it will take
$38,000,000. Sir, when is that money to be
paid 1 The bonds are to be issued at long dates.
You speak about the abundance of money ,:i
the United States. Our credit is good; our
bonds will raise this money. It will teud^ tu
benefit the nation, not only m the present, out
substantially iu the future, if tins bill is enacted
into a law, and I think it is the spirit of tiie
Senate to pass it. Certainly, no measure coulu
be more advantageous in bringing about a
