1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
able to say; but I think it is somewhere aboot
two weeks ago.
Mr. CONKLING. I am toid, if She Sen-
ator will pardon me, that it is not two weeks
ago, nor anything like so long.
Mr. MOIiBILL, of Vermont. My impres-
sion is that it is about two weeks since I first
saw it in priot.
Mr. President, the Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Windom] has given us some figures and
tacts in relation to the amount that will be
taken out of the Treasury by this bill. I have
very great respect for the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, but it seems to me that
the Senator is the last one to complain about
the liberality ot Congress m relation to the pub-
lic lands. W e have donated to thatState .which
h° so honorably represents the largest amount
of public lands for railroad purposes ever given
to any State in the Union, having given seven
million seven hundred and eighty-three thou-
sand acres of land to the State of Minnesota,
which at §>2 £>0 an acre (and that is the price such
lands are sold at, and when they get into the
hands of railroads much higher than that,)
would amount to $19,000,000 and over, or more
than half of all we propose to give to the whole
United States for the endowment of agricultural
colleges. I do not complain of this; but 1 think
the Senator from Minnesota ought to be wili
ing to allow this bill to pass without any oppo
sition.
Now, Mr. President, as I see that a com-
mittee of conference would be no more accept
able than the House bill, I trust that tae
friends of the measure will vote down the
proposition to refer this subject to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and adhere to the
bill, and vote for it as it came from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I regret
that, other duties calling me ont of the Senate,
I shall not have an opportunity of expressing
my views at large as I should like to do with
reference to this bill; but I cannot allow it to
be brought to a vote without saying something
on the subject.
It is very strange that this bill in the present
condition of the public business should be
urged upon the Senate as it has been this
morning. It is very singular that a bill giving
away, as has been said m this debate, more
than half of the public lands, should be so
much more important than the appropriation
bills and the question of privilege before the
Senate. It is very singular that this bill when
it went from the Senate was unintelligible to
many lawyers in the Senate, and very singular
that when it comes back it is still more unin-
telligible and very much altered, and that a
request made by the Senator from New York
and by other Senators, that some little oppor-
tunity be afforded for us to look into the bill
before we are called to vote away the public
lands, should be refused.
Mr. President, the bill to which this is a
supplement, in my humble judgment, was un-
constitutional and beyond ttie powers of Con-
gress. Who made the Congress ot the United
States the educators ot' the people of the United
States ? Are they to be ti.e parens patriot f Is
it their duty to go about educatingthe people?
If so, had they not better establish poor laws
and take the work of the townships away as
they are taking the work of the States away ? it
might well be questioned whether it is the duty
of the States to educate their people. Vt ho gave
the power to the Congress of the United btates
to interfere with religion and support, sectarian
schools and give hundreds ot thousands ot dol-
lars for one college in one State of a sectarian
character? That is not only uot within the
powers enumerated, but it is expressly pro-
hibited in the Constitution itself. I have un-
derstood that one institution in the btate oi
New York has already received $900,000 of
the public money, and here is a bill to go on
with this system, and to what colleges us the
money to be given ? Which are your favor-
ites ? What sect of religion do they belong
to, for nearly all of them belong to some ?
But, Mr. Pref-ident, my attention was called
to a clause in the first section in the bill, a
clause telling us the object of the bill, a clause
to do the main work of the bill, a clause by
which our judgments were to be guided, a
clause from which we were to get our impres-
sion of the bill, of its objects, and what it
meant:
There is hereby appropriated, to each State in
which such colleges hare been or may be within
five years from the passage of this act, put into
actual operation, &c.
My opinion was asked by gentlemen con-
nected with education, who have devoted their
lives to that subject, and who, as the Senator
from New York so well said, are not liable,
as I am, to the charge of opposing education,
because their lives have been devoted to noth-
ing else, what that clause meant; whether it
gave the power to the States to distribute this
money to such colleges as they saw fit; and I
replied, ''Most certainly it does, to any col-
lege that establishes within five years an agri-
cultural department." But, sir, to my aston-
ishment and mortification, I fonnd out after-
ward a proviso at the end of the bill. Whether
it was in the original bill or not, I am not in-
formed ; possibly it was; but the direct clause
" established within five years" in the com-
jfie,ncement of the bill certainly misled my
judgment, if this proviso was in the bill all the
time. Hear it, sir, in connection with the
first clause of the bill:
Provided further. That the fund created under
this act and the act heretofore mentioned shall be
appropriated to such college or colleges as has or
have been already established in any State; and
where no such college has yet been established, said
funds shall be appropriated to the endowment and
support of one college only in any State.
There were two clauses, the proviso and the
first enacting clause of the bill, utterly incon-
sistent with one another, conveying a different
meaning, so different to my mind and the
minds of other and better lawyers who sat
around me at the time when 1 gave thiR opin-
ion, that I gave an opinion utterly inconsistent
with that proviso.
When this bill came from the House, I looked
to see how these matters stood in the new bill,
or this amendment that the House have sent
us. It is called an amendment, but it is really
a new bill. It reads:
That for the more complete endowment and sup-
port of colleges established under the provisions ot
an act of Congress approved July 2, 1S62, entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges tor the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts, there
is hereby appropriated to each State m which such
colleges hare been, or, within five, years from the
passage of this act, may he, put into actual operation,
and to the District of Columbia, &c.
Now I turn to the proviso in this so-called
amendment, and if there was any doubt at all
of the meaning of it in the original bill, it is
made clear beyond all question :
Provided further, That the fund created under this
act and the act heretofore mentionedsnall be appro-
priated to such college or colleges as has or nave
been already established in any State; and where
no such oollege has yet been established, said
funds, &e.
Now, Mr. President, I ask why should you
give this appropriation to colleges that may
be established within live years, and then in a
proviso at the end of the bill declare that it
shall only be given to colleges which have
been established, and are now in existence?
Why should not all the colleges have a fair
chance? Why should you limit this appro-
priation to a college on account of its beloug-
in<* to any one sect or another? Why should
you limit it to a college already in operation, it
vou can encourage other colleges to go into
operation?
Mr. President, let me say one other thing, it
; this bill does not part wuh the public lands
which the people will need for homes hereafter,
j if the lands are not sold faster and the Grovern-
' ment does not part with its interest m those
! lands to any greater degree, it at least does
this: it takes the proceeds for years, twenty-
five years I think gome one,said in hisealeula-
tion, and devotes them to this purpose ; and
the experience of those whohave devoted their
whole lives and their whole hearts and souls
to this subject is that the- vast appropriation
already expended has be6n wasted ahd produced
no useful results. It is impracticable that the
United States should be the educator of the
people. It is much better that such matters
should be left at least in the hands of the States,
if not in the hands of the people where the
Constitution of the country left them.
Mr. President, I receive many letters on
this subject, and I feel it my duty to those who
take so much interest in it, and who have been
kind enough to think I could help them, to
express the views which I entertain after get-
ting their information. The proposition is to
establish thirty-seven agricultural colleges in
this country; and as the Senator from New
York has said, for more than sixty million
people in Germany, and for more than thirty
million people in France, eight colleges
suffice in the one case and six I believe in
the other. And here you come, to what?
You come to a virgin soil, and you propose
absolutely to give away the great public lands
of the conatry, virgin soil yet untilled, and
where there is no man yet to till it—you pro-
pose to sell that for the purpose of' educating
the people to know how, scientifically, to man-
ufacture manures which will take a worn-out
soil and bring it to such relations with this
virgin soil all over our country as chemistry
is competent to do. That is the proposition.
Our country is in no such position. The
lands of the West, the uncultivated lands all
over our country need the pioneer and the
hatchet much more than they need a scientific
agricultural college.
Again, sir, for the whole thirty-seven col-
leges you cannot get one professor competent
to teach in each one. These men do not now
exist iu this country. The whole thing is
unsound from beginning to end. It is unsound
in the principle that the country oughttodo it.
It is unsound in the assertion that the public
lands should be devoted to this purpose. It
is unsound iu the assumption that there is a
necessity for it. The whole idea is simply that
the agriculturists, who are the bone and sinew
of this land, it is presumed, in reading about
the establishment of agricultural colleges will
be led to think that something is being done
for them. Sir, they want nothing done for
them by this Congress. They own this coun-
try and they make this Congress, and when
they want to educate their children, they are
able to do it and to teach them agriculture or
anything else, and you are not their guardians,
and were not sent here for that purpose.
The facts that I refer to of course are not
within my own knowledge, but they come to
me from such a source that no person will
dispute them:
"The schools established by the act of July 2,
1862, I said had done nothing to justify the expendi-
ture of any moie public money upon them^ la&e
Connecticut, for example: The Sheffield scientific
school got the grant and never has had a student in
agriculture. The case is substantially the same m
Rhode Island. In Massachusetts a general poly-
technic t-chool has been built up at Amherst; but
the effectupon agriculture is imperceptible. At the
West and South it is notorious that the grant ot
18<H has brought very little to pass.
Those are the facts and statistics 8£ they are
sent to me by men who are interested in this
subject.
You will remember, sir, that in opening my
remarks I called your attention to the way this
bill was pressed in the front of all the public
business, in frontof questions of privilege. It
is kept before the Senate by ten majority, not-
withstanding all this business is pressing, not-
withstanding we spent an hour on Saturday
morning in debating how we could arrange not
to have an extra session. Although time is
asked si m ply to 1 ook at this measure, simply that
I may be enabled myself to see whether these
