1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
and developing other sources of supply having
forced itself upon public attention, the work was at
once zealously undertaken by the council and exec-
utive committee, to whom the task was intrusted,
and who have now for fourteen years earnestly
endeavored to promote the object desired."
"The attempt to open up other sources of
cotton supply in competition with the United
States was," says the Secretary, "in perfect
harmony with the traditional policy of Eng-
land, and was justly regarded as an important
means of suppressing the slave trade"—or if I
may make a free translation of the gentle-
man's language, a means of breaking down
the labor system on which the supremacy of
America in raw cotton rested.
At the twelfth annual meeting of the Cotton-
Supply Association, Colonel Gray, a Member
of Parliament,"gave a further insight into the
objects of that organization in the remark :
"If we could only send the millions of money to
India for the purchase of cotton instead of to Amer-
ica, it would be very much to the advantage of this
country." '
These extracts will show that the organiza-
tion of the Cotton Supply Association was, in
fact, a formal reopening of the cotton war
in which we had vanquished in the past all
opponents.
The World's Fair of London was held five
years after the creation of the Cotton Supply
Association. Whether or not a strategic move-
ment of the cotton conflict, it was certainly
turned to good account in its promotion.
Thirty-five countries sent specimens of raw
cotton to that Exhibition. The representa-
tives of those fields of the production met in
the rooms of the Royal Horticultural Society
of England, in consultation with the council
of the Cotton Supply Association. The report
of that interesting meeting enables me to
bring under the attention of the Senate some
illustrations of the views of our opponents in
that well-planned movement against our lead-
ing export.
Mr. Hugh Mason, a member of the Supply
Association, said:
"I firmly believethattheindustrial arrangements
of the United States as regards the production of
cotton are completely thrown outof joat, and that
all other countries prepared to enter into cotton cul-
tivation may do so with a decided certainty that
they will be rewarded for their investment."
Mr. Wanklyn, another member of the Asso-
ciation, said:
" There is an entire disruption of the commercial
system of the United States; it is altogether dis-
oiganized. I rather think we may believe that for
some time to eome they will be merely a tributary
source of supply."
"In those countries," said the Vice Presi-
dent, of the Association, " where arrangements
are made for the protection of labor and the
protection of property, this start will, I believe,
give them a secure hold of the industry in cot-
ton growing. As your countries," he said to
the foreign exhibitors, "can produce cheaply,
you may gain the start in time of adverse cir-
cumstances to America." " I believe," he
added, speaking of America, " that it is putting
it at a very low estimate to say that she will be
shackled one third in her productive powers
hereafter."
The President of the Association said:
"The question of slave labor will ultimately have
to be settled, and that set tlementwill necessarily de-
crease the quantity of eoiton which they had been in
the hnbit of producing. I estimate asa guide for us,
then, m the discussion of this subject, that, of the
lorty millions sterling hitherto the prize and pos-
session of American planters, you, the exhibitors of
cotton from other countries of the world, ought to
strive to obtain at least twenty millions; so that
there is now in prospect for every country which
puts forth its energies in the cultivation of cotton a,
portion of the twenty millions which I assume to be
lost by America."
The British public gives the objects of the
Cotton Supply Association hearty cooperation.
The Baronness Coutts has contributed irotn
her ample fortune sums of money as prizes
for the production of cottou. Mr. Sauford,
an English gentleman unconnected with trade
or r minH'ri'C, has devoted much time and
energy as a volunteer promoter of cotton plant-
ing in the countries of the Levant. Two '
Englishmen have obtained position as cotton ;
commissioners, one under the Government of I
the Saltan and the other under that of the !
Khedive, charged with the duty of promoting i
the objects of the cotton war. Mr. Wanklyn, ;
of Manchester, has done such good service to j
the cause in Italy as to have won from King i
Victor Emanuel an Italian Decoration. Mr. j
Aubertin, an Englishman in Brazil, has by his ,
personal influence added to the movement [
against us the large masses and fine staples ,
of the cotton of Sao Paolo. In short, indi- j
vidual Englishmen in Europe, Asia, Africa, !
America, and the islands of even the southern j
Pacific, show a concurrent zeal in aid of the ,
determination of their country to break down j
our supremacy in cotton. j
Previously to 1857 the British Government j
had, as already shown, expended in silent j
preparation for this cotton war nearly a million j
of dollars. Mr. Clegg, of Manchester, tells !
us that in his pilgrimage from State to State
on the shores of the Mediterranean as a preacher
of the cotton crusade, he found himself an-
ticipated at every point of promise by gins,
seeds, and representations from the thenEng
lisli Secretary for Foreign Affairs, Viscount
Paimerston.
Hassoun Bey bore testimony, at the cotton
conference of 1862, that Sir Henry Bulwer,
her Britannic Majesty's Minister at Constan-
tinople, "had always shown great interest in
the question of cotton, and had been worthily
met by the Grand Vizier.'' English diplomacy
has gone ou for fiftee'n years in quiet promotion
of the war upon our great industry at all the
courts holding possessions in cotton latitudes.
In France, in Austria, in Greece, in Italy, in
Portugal, the cultivation of cotton has been a
subject of frequent representations by the rep-
resentatives of British policy. All English
consuls within the field of the cotton war were
instructed ten or twelve years ago by Earl
Russell to forward to the Foreign Office regu-
lar reports of the facts of cotton culture within
their jurisdictions. And these reports have been
referred by the Government, as they have come
in, to the Cotton Supply Association. In the
conflict waged upon the unaided and prostrate
industry which gives strength to our finance
and volume to our commerce, we see thus
arrayed against us in a solid mass the miil !
owners, the people, and the Government of J
England. j
The British is not the only Government that '
has taken the field against us. Actuated by
some of the motives of England in the case,
our ancient ally, France, took part long ago in
the movement against our position iu the cot- '
ton market. And the activity of the late
Emperor in this struggle, may be supposed
fairly to have received new energies from his
humiliation in Mexico. Under consultation
with Lord Cowley, he left nothing undone to
stimulate the growth of the fiber in the French
colonies. In Algeria, for example, he ex-
empted that branch of agriculture from taxa-
tion, made the quality of the growth a subject
of prizes, and assisting the fiber and yield
by irrigation, offered liberal grants of land to ,
farmers ready to enter on its cultivation.
Italy holds a high place m the ranks of our
opponents. She has opened up her cotton
lauds by railroads, mapped thera, measured
their volume of labor, invited home and for-
eign capital to enter on their cultivation by
> liberal conveyances of the soil. By means of
Royal Commissions, Cotton Fairs, Gin Trials,
and other agencies of forcing the production,
that country is attempting to erect on her
three millions of acres of available surface, a
triumphant rivalry to American cotton within
a few days' steam of Manchester.
Greece—Greece the land of song—disputes
II wi,th us the production that might be sup-
jl posed to have been spun, iu the most sonorous
|i of nil heroics, into the web of Penelope ! The
|! cabinet of King George stands like the Moira, i
attempting to bring under the clip of its shears
the thread of our industrial life! The bowl
of Theocritus is, ala3! forgotten in those days
of Romaic for the boll of long-stapled cot-
ton ! And the Argonauts haviug eschewed the
sea, seize their golden fleece short of Colchis,
by the unheroic process of " picking." For
the fine fibers that are said to require the nur-
ture of salt air may be grown on the plains of
Marathon, seeing that—
The mountains look oa Marathon,
And Marathon looks on the sea.
Austria has taken place in this concurrent
movement of the nations against our pros-
perity. In evidence of this it will be sufficient
to point out that, inadispatch to Earl Russel,
Mr. Consul Patton gives us to understand that
one of the means employed by his Majesty,
Francis Joseph, for participation in this indus-
trial war, is the offer for good qualities of cot-
toji produced on the Adriatic, of prizes of
twenty-five ducats.
Morocco is cooperating against ns. The
Turkish Sultan is even still more active in this
universal attempt upon our prosperity. He
has opened new roads into the interior for the
conveyance of cotton to the sea, has given free
grants of land for its production, has exempted
| those lands from taxation for five years, has
admitted machinery for their cultivation duty-
! free, and has imported from this country and
| others, large quantities of cotton seeds for dis-
! tribution to the planters at the cost of the
j national Treasury.
I His Highness the Khedive of Egypt, in ad-
' dition to his exercise of absolute power in
increasing the breadth of his cotton fields
' until it had overrun even the food-limit, has
S sought still further to stimulate the industry
by free grants of lands to natives and foreign-
i ers in upper Egypt. Backed by British eap-
i ital, he has opened up those lands by a rail-
' way extending one hundred and fifty miles
i from the Mediterranean—through cotton soils
unequaled on the face of the earth outside
! those which, we are told by General Hum-
I phreys, may be converted under the bill before
: the Senate to the extent of seven millions of
! acres for service in this cotton war.
By agricultural societies, by the importation
of seeds and machinery, by consultations of
her legation in London with the Cotton Supply
Association, and by circular instructions issued
j to her planters, the Empire of Brazil bears her
part among the nations engaged m wresting
from us the hundred millions of dollars iu gold
per annum which England has declared "lost,
to America."
Spam has entered into the general move-
ment to break down our importance iu the
markets and councils of the world. She has
at present breadths of cotton-planting even
i side by side with lier figs and olives on the
i shores of the Mediterranean.
• Portugal has never freed herself from the
■ influence of England since the time when S>ir
1 Arthur Weliesley stood covering her capital
behind the lines of Torres Vedras. As might
have been expected, that country has been
. most zealous in the attempt to pluck from our
annual balance-sheet the Manchester prize of
a hundred millions in gold. Her efforts have
been directed mainly to Angola. In a royal
decree of 1801, and in another of 1864, his
Portuguese Majesty has offered munificent
bounties lor the extension and improvement
of cotton culture in that African province.
Accoiding to a translation made from the
Diario de Lisbon in a communication of her
Britannic Majesty's Privy Council for Trade,
the latter decree says :
" AH land proprietors who shall own the thickest
and bo<t cotton plantations in tho province ol An-
gola. shall have the right to claim and to receive
inchii,u,-vm,I from the eoffer-of the State,one
ot the following bounties," viz: $1,110. #4,4401
British colonies have not been behind Euro-
pean nations in this concurrent attempt to
break down our industry by aid from their
Treasuries. An act oi the Legislature of ^iew
