1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
satisfied be wili say with me that his estimate
is too low. He understood me in making my
calculations to allude to interest. I did not
include interest in my calculations at all.
Taking the average of the sales of the public
lands during the history of the Government
or during the last five years, (it amounts to
about the same thing,) and it is $2,600,000
per annum. We propose by this bill to set
aside one fourth of all the proceeds of the
public lands hereafter to be invested in five
per cent, bonds of the Government, the inter-
est to be paid over to these institutions, and
we provide no limitation whatever upon this
grant, except that no college shall receive
more than $60,000 per annum. In addition
to this, the bill gives to each of these insti-
tutions one fourth of the proceeds each and
every year in cash. Mr. President, that
amounts to about $720,000 per annum in
Mr. CQNKLING. Will my friend pardon
me there? Is he right in saying that the bill
gives not only $50,000 a year of income de-
rived from five per cent, bonds, but in addition
to that oie fourth of the public lands in cash ?
Mr. WINDOM. If I can read the bill I
am right. It not. only provides for setting
aside an endowment fund in bonds at five per
cent., which shall be made up out of one fourth
of the sales of the public lands, but, in addi-
tion to that, if the Senator will allow me to
call his attention to the bill, it provides:
''It shall farther be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay overeach year, to the trustees or
board of managers hereinbefore described, an addi-
tional quarter of the proceeds of the sales of public
lands for the preceding fiscal year, apportioning to
each State and to the said District ail equal share."
In addition to the amount invested in bonds,
one fourth is to be paid over in cash, and to
this point I want the attention of the Senate.
This fourth, amounting to $700,000 a year, is
not to be paid as an endowment fund to these
institutions, but it is to be handed over to the
trustees and boards of colleges, of whom we
know nothing, for their current expenses.
Now look this question squarely in the
face, and I appeal to my honorable friend
from Vermont himself to look at it, a gentle-
man than whom there is not a member of this
Senate usually more careful of the expend-
itures of the public money, a gentleman in
whose judgment I have the utmost confidence;
butl must say of him that he has in thisthing I
think demonstrated the old saying that every
man has his hour of weakness; and on this
subject of agricultural colleges we have found
his weak point. Look this thing, then,
squarely in the face. What is it that you pro-
pose to pay out of the public Treasury ? Some
$700,000 a year to be expended in the cur-
rent maintenance of these institutions. To
whom are you to pay it Mr. President? The
bill provides that it shall be paid over to
trustees and boards of colleges. Who are
those trustees; who are those boards of col-
leges? They may now be composed of very
respectable gentlemen for aught I know, but
this is a permanent appropriation; the faith
of this Government is to be pledged for all
time, or at least until their income amounts
to $50,000 a year, to give this quarter of the
entire proceeds of the public lands in cash.
Do you know, Mr. President, who will consti-
tute the trustees and managers of these insti-
tutions ten or twenty or thirty years hence?
May not men seek those places for the very pur-
pose of misappropriating these public moneys?
it is well when Congress proposes to appro-
priate money out of the Treasury to know who
is to expend that money, who is to control it.
But by the time the bonds amount to one mil-
lion, so as to yield an income of $50,000 a
year, the cash proceeds will also amount to the
same sum, or $1,000,000 more to each college,
and hence we are to hand over $1,000,000 in
cash to each one of these institutions, to be
managed by men who shall be appointed fif-
teen, twenty, thirty, or fifty years hence, of
whom you know nothing.
I ask the Senate to pause and consider this
question before thus squandering the public
money and placing it under the control of men
who may be dishonest or irresponsible. I have
not overstated the amount. Any Senator who
will look at it will see that I am right in the
estimate that it will amount in the end to
$94,000,000, because I suppose, as a matter
of coarse, that we shall do justice to the Ter-
ritories when they become States. It is hardly
to be imagined that we shall grant this large
amount of money in the existing States, and
when the Territories shall hereafter become
States refuse to grant the same to them. Add-
ing, then, the nine Territories to the present
number of States, and with the District of
Columbia included, you will have forty-seven
of these colleges, which are to have $2,000,000
each.
Mr. President, I do think this is the most
remarkable proposition I have ever seen urged
before Congress in the manner in which this
is urged to-day. An attempt is made to over-
ride everything, to override the appropriation
bills, when we are within only seven days of
the close of the session, and four of the prin-
cipal appropriation bills are yet undisposed
of; and when the Senator from Indiana
brings in a question of the highest privilege
and asks the Senate to act upon it, such is the
power of these institutions over the Senate
that they lay aside the privileged question,
and seeing the approaching end of the session,
within seven days of its termination, with all
this unfinished business, we lay aside every
question that interferes with it, and in hot
haste propose to appropriate $94,000,000 of
the public money for the purpose of sustain-
ing institutions about the management of
which we know nothing whatever.
And what is the proposition now before the
Senate? Simply to refer this question to a
committee for further examination. That is
all. We are told by the honorable Senator
from Vermont, and by my honorable friend
from Texas, that this question has already
been fully and carefully considered. By
whom has it been fujly and carefully consid-
ered? The bill itself was not printed until
the 18th day of February, and I believe this
is the 24th. Six days ago this bill was laid
upon our tables—an entirely different bill
from the one on which the Senate acted.
Men of prominence in the country who have,
studied this question come in here and tell us
that they are taken by surprise. The honor-
able Senator from Vermont expressed his
astonishment that men should be taken by
surprise when the bill has been a year or
more before the Senate. This bill has been
but six days before the Senate, and it has not
been considered by any committee of this
body.
I appeal to you, Mr. President, if you have
ever known in your congressional experience
of a bill appropriating ninety-odd million dol-
lars being rustled through the Senate of the
United States without reference to a commit-
tee, without any consideration, forced through
as it is sought to force this bill through, with-
out giving time for anybody either inside or
outside of Congress to consider it? Let us
pause, I say, before we are guilty of this rash
squandering of the public money.
I moved to refer this bill to the Committee
on Public Lands with instructions. I would
have preferred that the instructions should be
sent to the committee. There seems to be a
determination on the part of the Senate to give
away some ninety-odd millions of the public
money, and yielding to the better judgment of
the Senate on that subject, I cannot but con-
clude that there is a surplus of money on hand
somewhere. If that be true, we can no longer
stand up against the appeals made to us by the
defenders of their country who ask the equal- I
ization of their bounties. I believe that if this
money is to be given away at all it should be
appropriated for that purpose. Let us give it
to the men who have fought for and saved the
nation rather than squander it on these insti-
tutions, which have already received over
$300,000 in gifts from the Government.
But I know some of our friends here have
been very anxious for the passage of the sol-
diers' bounty land bill. Without expressing
any opinion upon that bill one way or the other,
I want to say that every vote given for this
measure is a vote given against that bill, for it
will be utterly impossible ever to pass anv
soldiers' bounty-land bill if this is passed, for
the lobby, the influences which have secured
thus far the strength that has been given to
this measure, will come back here and demand
additional legislation in their behalf. In
speaking of it as a lobby I do not mean any
disrespect whatever. I do not imagine that
any improper influence has been exercised in
this matter. I am satisfied there has not been.
The men who have been here advocating this
measure are among the best men of the nation.
They are the presidents of these colleges. I
have myself been urged over and over again
to give it my support by these gentlemen. I
have the highest respect for them, and that is
greater to-day than ever before, when I see
that they are able to override the public busi-
ness and override privileged questions, and
lay aside everything else in order to give away
ninety-odd millions of the public money. I
say these men are entitled to the highest
respect. If I could be assured they would
continue to manage these institutions in the
future I should think the money would prob-
ably be safe.
My friend from Vermont says this does not
interfere in any way with the homestead meas-
ure. Perhaps not so far as this bill is con-
cerned ; but the very same influences which
have been able to accomplish the result to
which I have referred will come back under
the lead of my honorable friend from Ver-
mont or some other Senator, and hereafter
ask that the preemption and homestead laws
shall be set aside in order that these $2,000,-
000 given to them shall be the sooner realized.
Mr. President, I do not desire to occupy the
time of the Senate further. I do ask the Sen-
ate to consider well this proposition before
voting away nearly $100,000,000 without con-
sideration, and without even a reference to a
eommittee of this body.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we have an
agricultural college in Indiana that I should
be very glad to help to build up, and some of
the particular friends of it are very anxious
that I should vote for this bill; but I cannot
bring my mind to the conclusion that I can do
it properly.
I took an objection to this bill when it was
here before, a radical objection, because of
its injustice. I hold that in voting away the
public money for educational purposes some
regard ought to be paid to the distribution of
population, and I think that nobody ought to
complain of it as a hardship that the money
should go to the several States, if it goes at
all, in something like their proportion of pop-
ulation. Who can object to that proposition
as a matter of justice? Three hundred thou-
sand people ought not to ask that they should
have as much for educational purposes as three
million people. When this agricultural col-
lege system was first started out it was upon
the principle of representation in Congress.
The States were to have land scrip according
to the number of their Representatives and
Senators in Congress. That was not exactly
according to population, but it approximated
to it. Now this bill departs from that prin-
ciple. It gives this money in equal portions
to all the States without regard to population,
just as if as much money was required for
agricultural education in the State of Vermont
