1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
as ia required for agricultural education in the
' State of New York. If the people are to
have agricultural colleges to meet their wants,
those colleges ought to be strong according to
the number of those who are to be educated,
and it is unreasonable to.say that the wants in
the State of Vermont would be, equal to the
wanta in the State of New York.
This money, therefore, ought to be- divided
among ihe States according to the number of
their people, according to the probable num-
ber of those who are to be entitled; to the bene-
fit of it; and it is unjust, it is simply rank in-
justice to divide this money out equally among
the States, and to give to the State of Nevada,
with 42,000 people, the same amount that is
given to Kentucky, to Indiana, or to the State
of New York; and our friends from all the
States ought to be satisfied to have this money
divided according to population. Indiana is
not entitled to as much as New York or Penn-
sylvania, because she has not got the popula-
tion. I should say it would be rank injustice
to give to Indiana as much as to New York,
because she has not got much more than half
the population; and I say it would be rank in-
justice to give to Nevada as much as to Indi-
ana, because she has but a small fraction of
the population. I therefore object to this bill
on the ground of its gross injustice.
Now, Mr. President, I come to one or two
other considerations in connection with this
bill. First, this bill is not guarded; it does not
preserve this fund and protect it when it is
once created. If this money is to be given
for agricultural colleges, there should be such
safeguards thrown around it that it cannot be
squandered. The States themselves ought to
be charged as trustees with tbe keeping of this
money. But how is it to be disposed of? In
the first place, bonds for one quarter of the
annual proceeds of the public lands ate to be
given to the trustees of these colleges. Who
are they? How many of them are there?
Do they give bond 1 Are they responsible?
I believe I know who they ate in my State,
and they are good men: but I do not know
that they give a bond. They may be super-
seded by the next Legislature and mere ad-
venturers put upon the board as a reward for
political services, men that cannot get any
other office; and they are made the custo-
dians of this enormous fund. How long will
it last? How much of it will be preserved at
the end of ten years ? If this is to be a per-
manent endowment, let there be a permanent
security, let the funds be so placed that there
will be some assurance that they shall be on
hand ten, twenty, or thirty years hence.
And. now in regard to tbe money. One
fourth of the proceeds of the public lands in
money is to be paid out every year to the trus-
tees. There will be a scramble for these trus-
teeships because they will be the custodians of
the public money. They will have the custody
of the bonds also, and the bill'provides :
It shall further be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay over each year, totho trustees or
boards of managers hereinbefore described an ad-
ditional quarter of the proceeds of the sales of pub-
lic lands for the preceding fiscal year, apportion-
ing to ea«h State and t,o the said disirict an euual
share.
I think a mere statement of that ought to
be sufficient. If it is designed to create a per-
manent endowment for these institutions, let
this money be so disposed of that it will be
kept and not placed in the bands of irresponsi-
ble boards. As I said before, the board in In-
diana is a good board, it is a responsible board,
although I do not know that they give any
bond. But what will be the condition of that
board or who will compose it two years, four
years, or six years hence, it is impossible now
to say ; and men who want the control of funds,
who want to be custodians of large sums, will
seek to have themselves placed on the board
that they may have the management of that
money from year to year.
Mr. President, while the people of Indiana
would be glad to have our agricultural college
sustained, I do not believe that they would
themselves justify the passage of this bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the Hous§ of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a concurrent reso-
lution for the printing of five thousand copies
of the medical statistics of the Provost Mar-
shal general's Bureau, authorized to be printed
by joint resolution of Congress approved
Ma,rch §, 1869.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 4049) authorizing the
transfer of safes from the War Department to
the Post Office Department for use in the
transportation of registered mails ; and
A bill (H. E. No. 4050) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of the steamer New England to City of Port-
land.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
1 Ordered, That leave bei granted to withdraw the
papers of D. B. Allen & Co. from the files of the
.seuau.
REPOBT OF A COMMITTEE. .
Mr. PRATT, from the Gommittee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 8516)
for the relief of Jesse E. Peyton, reported it
with amendment, and submitted a report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June -30, 1874, and
for ot,her purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
CUANOE OF NAME OF A VESSEL.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to take up a bill which
has just come from the House, changing sim-
ply the name of a vessel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator from
Maine asks unanimous consent that a bill just
received from the House of Representatives
be now considered, being a bill (H. K. No.
4050) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the name of the steamer New
England to City of Portland. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill.
The Chair hears none.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will simply say that the
Committee on Commerce understand all about
the bill, and I move to put it on its passage
with the concurrence of that committee.
The bill was read three times, and passed.
TELKGRAPII CABLE TO ASIA.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted amendments
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(S. No. 947) to encourage and promote tel-
egraphic communication between America
and Asia ; which were ordered to be printed.
ARKANSAS HOT SPRINGS.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be requested
to report to the Senate the condition of the cases
authorized to be brousrht or that are pending in the
United States Court of Claims to settle the title to
the lands included in the Hot Springs reservation in
Arkansas, and whether any party claiming title is
guilty of negligence in prosecuting his suit or pre-
paring the same for trial.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the amendment of the House of .Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 693) to provide for
the further endowment and support of col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and tbe
mechanic arts, and the liberal and practical
education of the industrial classes in the sev-
eral pursuits and professions in life, arid
established under an act of Congress' ap-
proved July 2, 1862. . t.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana who last addtfes^ed the Seriate
[Mr. Morton] in opposition tothe bill, made
a point that I desire to call attention to.-I
perceive he is not now in his %eat, but I Will
state it, nevertheless, to the Senate. I under-
stood him to say that there was no guarantee
under the provisions of this bill for the faithful
application of the fund, and that this consti-
tuted his main objection tothe bill; at least
this was one of the main objections to the Bill.
One was in regard to the inequality of the dis-
tribution and another was in regard to the
want of guarantee given under the provisions
of the bill.
Now, sir, this is an amendment of the act
of 1862, and the same guarantee I submit is
here given for the faithful application of this
fund that was given under the act of 1862
making the original agricultural college land
grant. There the States were made respon&i-
ble for the fund, and they were'required tinder
the act to invest the proceeds' of the sales of
the college land scrip ia su<stt way as to guar-
anty at least five per cent;; of interest upon
the proceeds, which formed' the principal of
the fund thus donated, add the Very same
guarantee attaches to this bill that attaches to
the act of 1862. This is simply an amend-
ment to that act, and the guarantee follows it.
I shall support-this bill. If I were disposed
to find fault With it I would- say that it' Was
not exactly as- it should be. Thd Government
has gone through a revolution. - We Stand not
now as we stood ten years ago. The wants of
this country with regard to education ate differ-
ent; they are above any want'that w^e appre-
hended in 1862 could possibly e'xist. There
are four million citizens who were ten years
ago slaves under this Government, without
the advantages of education. These slaves
have been made free, and thfese freemen' have
been made citizens, and these citisseng have
been given the franchise, and into their hands
is committed the care and keeping of'the
government of several of the southern States;
and I ask now whether there is not an
obligation resting upon this Government that
has not heretofore existed to extend the ad-
vantages of education to this class of people ?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir;
Mr. MORTON. 'I will say to the Senator
that if there was a proposition herfefor a con-
tribution either out of the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands or directly out of the Treasury of the
United Stales for the purpose of aiding in per-
fecting the common school system of the South,
I am sure it would receive a favorable con-
sideration. I for one feel that there is a national
necessity as well as a national obligation to do
something towiard educating that class of peo-
ple who have just been brought to the exercise
of civil and political rights, and of sustaining
the educational system of the South generally.
Mr. ALCORN. I am glad to hear the Sen-
ator express himself as he has just done. I
had apprehended that such were his feelings
and such his opinion. But I wish to bring to
the attention of the Senate some action on the
part of some of the southern States in regard
to the education of this class of people in "the
southern States, to show the ^ necessity that
forces itself upon the people of the -South of
turning their attention especially now to the
subject of education.
During the war ther& were1 ilo schools in'the
Sonth. The white people were denied the ad-
vantages of education. And' for that long
period of time the white youth of the country
