1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cooper, i'untou, Berry of Connecticut, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Machen, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sherman, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Windom—17.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Clayton, Davis, Edmunds, Berry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ransom, Bice,
Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, and Stewart—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Corbett, Cragin,
Gilbert, Kelly, Morrill, of Maine, Norwood, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sohurz,
Scott, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Trumbull, Viekers, and Wright—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I move to amend the amendment of the
House of Representatives on the seventh page
by striking out the portion from the word
" dollars" in the twenty-fifth line to the word
" same " in the thirty-first line. The passage
which I move to strike oat reads as follows:
It is further provided that for every $500 of
annual inoome reoeived by the college or colleges
of each State under this aot, one scholarship shall
be establisned in which tuition shall be free; and
whenever the annual income accruing under this
act shall amount to the sum of $50,000, their tuition
shall be free to all students entering the same.
I will state the difficulty that I have with
this clause. There are several colleges which
have received the benefit of the act of
1862 and which,"therefore, by the limitations
of the present bill must receive the benefits of
this act. They have established more or less
a school of agriculture among the other de-
partments of the college. But the phrase-
ology of the clause that I move to strike out
is such that I think it must be construed so as
to compel those colleges to give free tuition to
all students in any of their departments when-
ever, under this act, the annual income shall
amount to the sum of $50,000. I do not
know that that was the intention ; but such, it
seems to me, will be the result to colleges of
this class.
Then, again, I am opposed to the principle
of supporting the professors and teachers in
the institutions to be establishd under this act
entirely from the Treasury of the United States,
for that is what this amounts to precisely.
Under this clause institutions established in
accordance with this act and receiving an an-
nual income of $50,000 a year will receive no
compensation for tuition of students, the or-
dinary source of revenue out of which teach-
ers, professors, and the like receive their an-
nual salaries, and we shall have this state of
things exhibited that in every State of the
Union there will be an institution of learning
whose professors will be looking to the Treas-
ury of the United States year after year for
the means of their annual support, and receiv-
ing from the Treasury of the United States that
support, without reference to the value of their
services or to their efficacy as such teachers
or instructors. And moreover upon the stu-
dents themselves in these institutions and upon
their parents and guardians who send them
there the fact that no obligation of providing
for their tuition exists is one which always
tends to detract from the interest in the insti-
tution and the interest in the subjects which
are there studied or the sciences which are
there taught.
In every point of view, I believe that this
clause is prejudicial to the real interests of the
institutions sought to be established by this
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It would be
very singular if the minds of all Senators were
to coincide precisely as to the terms to be used
in an act of this kind, and still more singular
if a mind as acute as that of the Senator from
Connecticut could not find somethingto object
to in this bill.
As the bill passed the Senate, this provision
was not in. The House did regard it of im-
portance that we should make some advance
toward free tuition for such colleges as should
be established by the Government. Now, is
it a matter of regret that college education
shall be cheapened so as to be within the reach
of all classes of the country? Many of these
institutions that are called classical and literary
have endowments annually from private sources
to the full amount of all the endowment that
will be obtained by this bill, and yet they make
no provision that tuition shall be free.
Are not these colleges always anxious to
obtain an endowment for a scholarship; and
the usual sum appropriated for a scholarship
is $1,000. The sum here is limited to $500.
Now, it seems to me that there should be no
objection to the idea of cheapening the tuition
of all our colleges. I hope that the time may
come when not only these institutions but all
our higher class institutions will be free, open
to admit the children of the poor as well as
the rich. At the present time, in most of our
literary and classical institutions, it is impos-
sible for any but the son of a rich man to enter
and obtain an education in consequence of the
great price of board, the price of tuition, and
other incidentals attending a college course
of education.
But this question of entire freedom from
any tuition fees will not arise until twenty-five
years from now at least, probably more, and
when that time does come, if there is a union
existing between any literary colleges and the
colleges established by this act to which any
injustice shall be done, it can be remedied by
legislation at that time. There is no necessity
therefore, now for the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, I do not rise
to address the Senate on the subject of this
bill, but it must be manifest to every member
of the Senate that the debate will be still
further prolonged, and 1 must remind Sena-
tors in pressing the Army appropriation bill,
which 1 shall now do upon a motion to lay this
bill on the table, that there are other appro-
priation bills which will crowd upon us to-
morrow. We have, I think, four others behind
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from Louisiana that I think the
debate is closed, or nearly so on this bill.
Mr. WEST. No, sir; I am apprised by seve-
ral Senators that they have remarks to make.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let them
make them.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now is the time.
Mr. WEST. Thatmay be, but it ismy duty
as a member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions having a bill in charge, to press it upon
the consideration of the Senate, and with that
view I move to lay the pending bill on the
table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iaskforthe
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
t.hwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Machen, Morton,
Pratt, Sherman, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Clayton, Davis, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. Frelinghuysen, Ham-
lin, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Kansom, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Sprague, and
Stewart—30.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Corbett, Cragin, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Harlan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine,
Norwood, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sohurz,
Scott, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—26.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Alcorn
in the Chair.) The question recurs on the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I said all
that I wished to say in support of the amend-
ment which I have offered at the time I offered
it. I rise only to make one remark in reply
to the exceedingly remarkable argument of the
Senator from Vermont, who seems to think it
no harm to accomplish unjust legislation if the
injustice does not become practical for twenty-
five years from now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
admit that there is any injustice ; but I say if
there is it can be remedied whenever it arises.
I trust that this amendment will be voted
down, and that we shall not consume more
time, for I know the anxiety on the part 'of
the Senate to reach a vote, and I therefore
hope the friends of the hill will vote down all
amendments and adhere to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the House amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a bill dealing with
a vast amount of public moneys. The Senator
from Minnesota, who has considered the bill
?[uite thoroughly, puts that amount as high as
rom seventy-five to ninety million dollars. It
deals not only with that amount of money,
but it deals with it irrevocably, and for a
long if not a very indefinite period of time.
It is quite clear from the discussion already
had, that during the discussion had upon
the bill of the Senator from Vermont when
it was in the Senate awhile ago, this is a
bill which fairly and candidly considered is
open to serious objection ; at least it is consid-
ered as open to serious objection by Senators
in this body whose judgment stands as high
as the judgment of any, whose fairness and
whose good faith in discussing a subject such
as that involved in this bill cannot be ques-
tioned by any one.
Now, sir, considering the fallibility of all
human judgments, ana considering espe-
cially the fair presumptions that lie against
human judgment when employed in preparing
a system such as that now presented to us, I
was greatly surprised, indeed filled with regret,
when I heard the Senator from Vermont who
has charge of this bill, who is usually disposed
to take a practicable and reasonable view,
call upon the friends of the bill to vote down
all amendments. Why, Mr. President, what
is the use of a Senate here if such a declara-
tion as that is an admissible one? We hear it
sometimes during party heats upon party
measures; but I confess I was not prepared to
hear from the Senator from Vermonta declara-
tion of that sort.
Mr. President, unless I greatly err, we are
here to consider a bill, to propose amendments,
to discuss them, and to adopt them if they are
necessary. The more I consider this bill the
more alarming it is to me. It is a bill which
deals with the whole subject of the public lands,
which commits Congress irrevocably to a cer-
tain system in regard to them, at least to the
extent of one half. I shall reserve for a future
stage of this debate nearly everything that I
have to say upon the dangers of disturbing so
radically such a system as the American sys-
tem of the public lands. I refer to it now
merely as illustrating the declaration of the
Senator from Vermont. Why, sir, there never
was a bill introduced into this Senate more
serious in its character than the present bill,
and there never was one that required more
thoroughness in the discussion ana more good
care in the presentation of amendment to it
in many particulars. I hope, sir, indeed I am
sure, that the Senator from Vermont did not
speak from his deliberate judgment, but rather
from the haBte of debate prompted by his desire
to get the bill passed, when called upon
the friends of this bill to vote down all amend-
ments.
Why, Mr. President, I never saw the day in
