1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
wheat, and of that food of industrial life—
cotton.
On the bed of the lost ocean there He to the
south of its coal fields, the alluviums of the
Mississippi. The Ohio offers to bear the
millions of bales of cotton which may be
obtained on those flats after their reclama-
tion, to the coal fields of Pennsylvania, of
West Virginia, of Ohio, of Kentucky. The
Wabash presents an avenue for the deposit of
these supplies on coal outcrops of Indiana.
The Mississippi and the Illinois will give to
these fibers cheap access to the resources
of motive power in Illinois. The Missouri,
the Mississippi, the Des Moines, the Iowa,
offer to deliver at the low charges of inland
navigation, the masses of cotton that may be
obtained under the operation of this bill, for
conversion on the coal measures of Iowa and
Missouri.
The economical system I have glanced at
does not send cotton across the Atlantic in
fiber to bring it back to America in cloth.
Depositing the lint at the first point in each
instance where the river system washes the
coal fields, it makes the distribution of cloth
from that point a continuous movement in the
direction of the demand. And thus the cotton
of the Mississippi will, as illustrated in the
case of that index of the future, the factory at
Cannalton, follow the economic line to the
factory on the Alleghany, on the Ohio, on the
Wabash, on the Illinois, on the Mississippi, on
the Missouri, on the Iowa, on the Des Moines,
for distribution in the form of cloth among the
millions of consumers throughout onr great
central basin.
Considering the cheap labor of India and
the progress that country has made recently
in the quality of her staples, I cannot escape
the conclusion that, as the case now stands,
her displacement of American cotton in Eu-
rope is a simple question of time. Coming on
us unprepared, this would be ruin. But seven
millions of bales of cotton gathered here at the
low cost obtainable in the production on the
alluviums of the Mississippi, that superced-
ure would not only be checked, but would be
met by positive aggression. Mill after mill
would spring up in the mean time at every coal
outcrop on the western rivers, and absorbing
as they arose, increasing volumes of our raw
material, would open to us an expansive home
demand, while the residue of our raw surplus
would find demand abroad. And the transi-
tion progressing thus on the basis of an exact
economy, it would give us a complete circle
of cotton industry, agricultural and mechan-
ical, that, despite the cheap labor of India
and England, would place us in the end in the
position of the chief cotton manufacturers of
the world.
The report of your Committee on Levees,
made at the last session of this Congress, goes
into the importance of the reclamation of the
alluviums of the Mississippi river as a stroke
of national finance. "In making the sugar
lands of Louisiana convertible," says that re-
port "the levees of the Mississippi promise to
save us an annual expenditure to the amount
of fifty millions in treasure. lu giving to our
cotton area an addition of seven millions of
acres of the finest soils in the world, they
promise to add to our income to the amount of
hundreds of millions in silver and gold. And
thus in giving us a healthy and independent
means of increasing and maintaining our sup-
plies of coin, in giving us a basis for an unlim-
ited expansion of our Asiatic commerce, in
giving us a basis for a safe return to a con-
vertible currency, and, in short, in giving every
class of our people the prosperity of a country
into which "money begins to flow in greater
abundance than formerly,"' the policy which
has declared the levees of the Mississippi to
be public works of the nation rests on coiibid-
erations of thoughtful statesmanship."
1 do not propose, however, to go over the
grouudstoiiehed on in the report of your Levee
Committee in showing the good policy of the
reclamation contemplated by the measure pro-
posed, as an agency of finance. The demands
j on the time of the Seriate make it improper
that I should dwell on that highly important
head of the subject now. I shall therefore
dispose of it by repeating the declaration of
the commissioners of the United States to the
Paris exposition—
"That the importance of a large production of
cotton as the chief export ofthe country in adjusting
balances of trade and exchanges, and especially in
its bearing upon the future position of the public
debt, so largely held and to be held abroad, cannot
well be overstated."
While cotton-planting in all other parts of
the world is assisted by National Treasuries,
shall it be allowed to wage its unequal war here
without the aid of this Nation ? Crippled in
its resources, shall it be permitted at this mo-
ment of transition in its system of land and
labor, to struggle without the helping hand of
Congress against the wealth and the skill
ar.d the energy of one half of Christendom?
While the Anglo-Indian Empire labors to blot
out an annuity of $250,000,000 in gold from
our national accounts by an expenditure of
$550,000,000 on her railways, an expenditure
on her rivers of $12,500 per mile, an expend-
iture on her works of irrigation at such a rate
as $3 50 per acre benefited, shall this Republic
stand indifferently by until that vast annuity
shall have been expunged from our agriculture,
our commerce, our finance?
Acknowledging the indulgenceof the Senate,
I conclude in the words of the report of your
Committee on the Levees of the Mississippi:
"Thirty-six millions of dollars will, according to
the estimates of thechief engineer of the Army, give
the country the immense results flowing from a per-
fect system of levees. If these results but enable us
to realize existing opportunities of expanding our
commerce with the Bast, unembarrassed by its heavy
; drafts on our supplies of the precious metals, this
h outlay of $36,000,000 would prove, on that con=ider-
!j ation alone, a highly profitable investment. If the
i expenditure proposed for the reclamation ot the
j: alluviums of the Mississippi but place ourmanufac-
:l turc of cotton fabrics in Xew England under a eon-
II dition to work back to the expansive health indi-
!! cated in its increase of breadth in our exports up to
j1 I860, that expenditure will have been made to yield
j' a great national profit. If it but save the States of
I the West the enormous tax on their products, of
transportation over railroads to the seaboard, by
throwing open to them a demand of over 6150,000,000
in an adjoining territory accessible by water-car-
riage on the Mississippi and its tributaries, it will
have proved one ofthe most productive outlays that
can be made by the nation. If these $36,000,000,
instead of appreciating the national paper—as their
outlay will—to par by arresting a great outflow of
specie for sugar, and by inducing a great influx of
I specie for cotton, but appreciate the national papipr
evenoneand a quarter per cent., their investment in
, the reclamationoftheagricultural wealth that awaits
■' but that investment for conversion in the fiats of
the Mississippi* will turn out to be the most profit-
able application that can be made of the public
credit. Our imports in excess of our exports, our
production of treasure absorbed in the payment of
interest to foreigners, even our present scanty basis
for a convertible currency dependent on foreign
sufferance, and a struggle of interest among the
nations threatening to make this gold famine here
permanent—this expenditure on the levees of the
Mississippi, if it increase our^ production of cotton
to even one half of the promise which it gives on
the faith of the chief engineer of the Army, will, by
adding to our income an equivalent of one hundred
and fifty millions of gold, have yielded the nation
a profit incalculably great. And. surely, if it be
worth to England an outlay of S45Q.U00.000 on rail-
roads in India to crush the supremacy of the uni-
ted States m the cotton market of the world, it is
eminently wise on the part ofthe United States to
make good a reassertion of that supremacy at the
cost of an expenditure on the Mississippi levees of
$36,000,000."
The bill was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Levees of the Mississippi River,
and ordered to be printed.
vbsskls of war.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. _Stew-
art in the chair.) The regular order is now
before the Senate, being House bill No. 3010.
! The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
j resumed the consideration of the bill t,II. R.
j No. 3010) to authorize the construction of six
h steam vessels of war, and for other purposes,
li the pending question being upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayard to the substitute reported
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs was to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and substitute in lieu thereof
the following:
That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to
construct ten steam vessels of war with auxiliary
sail-power, and of such class or classes as, in his
judgment, will best subserve the demands of the
service, each carrying six or more guns of large
caliber; the hulls to be built of iron or wood, as the
Secretary may determine; Provided, Thajt a portion
of said vessels shall be built, in whole or in part, in
private yards, upon contract with the lowest re-
sponsible bidder therefor, upon public competition
and proposals, due notice thereof being given by
advertisement, upon plans and specifications fur-
nished by the Navy Department, and under its
direction and supervision, if, upon full examination
and consideration, the same shall be deemed prac-
ticable by the Secretary of the Navy; or the hulls
of any portion of said vessels may be built upon
private contract in the Government yards upon like
proposals, plans, specifications, and supervision, and
upon like examination and considei ation, the Gov-
ernment furnishing materials therefor.
The amendment to the amendment was to
insert after the word "power," in line thirty-
seven, the words "iiot to exceed niue hun-
dred tons each," and also to strike out the
words "and of such class or classes as in his
judgment will best subserve the demands of
the service."
Mr. CRAG IN. After consultation with the
Department, I propose to offer a substitute
for the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard.] If he were present I
would ask him to accept it It is to come
in after the word " determine" in the fortieth
line. I think the Senator from Delaware will
have no objection to it.
,1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
!! ment of the Senator from New Hampshire
<1 would not be in order unless it were accepted
by the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is in order to move an
amendment to the amendment, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment that the Senator proposes is an amend-
ment in the third degree.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What is
the amendment? Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pro-
posed amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to insert after "determine," in line
forty:
Provided. That the aggregate tonnage ofthe whole
number shall not exceed ten thousand tons, and that
the cost of building the same shall not exceed
84,000,000,
Mr. CRAGIN. Then, Mr. President,
hoping that the Senator from Delaware will be
in the Chamber in a moment, I will submit a
remark or two upon his amendment. That
amendment proposes to limit the tonnage of
the vessels to nine hundred tons, by providing
that they shall not exceed nine hundred tons.
The amendment which I propose limits the
aggregate tonnage to ten thousand tons, and
provides that all these vessels shall not cost
exceeding §4,000,000.
I remarked yesterday that the object of this
bill was not to build up a large navy, but
simply to preserve a small one. 1 did not
state what was the fact, that the object of this
bill is not to increase t.he Navy, but to add to
it some ten vessels. There are now in com-
mission forty-five vessels on the cruising sta-
tions, and among those are eleven which have
already been, or will within the coming year,
be condemned as unfit for repairs. Those
I vessels are the Congress, with a tonnage of two
! thousand tons, carrying sixteen guns; tho
! California, twenty-five hundred tons, carrv-
! ing twenty-five gutis; the Idaho, eighteen
! hundred and thirty-six tons, carrying seven
i guns; the Kansas, four hundred and ten
! tons, carrying two guns; the Mohican, fix
: hundred and seventy-one tons, carrying six
t guns ; the Nantaskef, five hundred and twensy-
I three tons, carrying seven guns j the Nipsic,
i four hundred and ten tons, carrying threw
