736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
guns; the Resaca, five hundred and twenty-
three tons, carrying seven guns; the Shaw-
mut, four hundred and ten tons, carrying
three guns; the St. Mary's, seven hundred
and sixty-six tons, carrying sixteen guns; and
the Worcester, two thousand tons, carrying
fifteen guns, making twelve thousand and fifty
tons of naval marine which have been con-
demned or will be condemned within the com-
ing year; so that when these ten ships are
built, if they aggregate ten thousand tons,
they will not make good the number of tons
which will pass away from the Navy within
the next year.
Beyond that, Mr. President, since the com-
mencement of the administration of General
Grant, within four yeara, twenty-seven vessels,
aside from (hose that I have just named, have
disappeared from the Navy, being about twenty-
five thousand tons. Among those are the
Oneida ; the Saginaw which was destroyed in
the Pacific, as my friend from California
knows 
Mr. COLE. She must have been a very old
vessel.
Mr. CRAGIN. Not very old ; she was built
in California at the Mare Island yard some-
where in 1857 or 1858. Some six or seven of
those twenty-seven vessels were sold on for-
eign stations, being so unseaworthy that they
could not be returned to the United States.
Others have been sold in the United States
after having been condemned ; so that we have
not only lost these twenty-seven vessels prior
to this time, but the eleven others 1 have named
will go out of existence during the present
year, and we only propose to add ten more to
the Navy to partially supply t.he loss which has
already taken place or will shortly take place.
I stated yesterday that the number of avail-
able vessels at the present time was less than in
1860just before the breaking out of the war. By
the Secretary's report for this year it appears
that on the North Atlantic station we have
eleven vessels ; on the South Atlantic, three ;
on the European station, six ; on the Asiatic
station, eleven ; on the North Pacific station,
five; on the South Pacific station, five; and on
special service, four; making forty-five vessels
now in commission on cruising stations, and
eleven of these, as I have stated, will be con-
demned and pass away during the present
year.
Now I wish to call attention for a moment
to the report of Secretary Toucey in 1800, to
prove my statement. The home squadron
was then what is now known as the North
Atlantic, and the Brazil squadron what is now
known as the South Atlantic. There were
then seventeen vessels in the home squadron;
six vessels in the Brazil squadron; in the
Mediterranean squadron, five; in the African
squadron, eleven ; in -the Pacific squadron,
eleven ; and in the Bast Indian squadron, six;
making fifty-six_ vessels that were on the dif-
ferent stations in 1860 where we have now
only fifty-five, with eleven of those condemned
as unfit for service.
As I am on my feet, I wish to read a few lines
from Secretary Toucey's report of 1859 as a
complete argument in favor of this bill. He
says on page 4 of that report:
"Although our naval force has been increased by
tbo addition of twenty steam vessels
that, was during Mr. Buchanan's administra-
tion up to .that time—
"yet I beg loavo most respectfully to renew the
recommendation which I had the honor to make a
year ago-of a still further increase of the Navy."
■" "Instead of perpetuating old ves-
sels"—
just what we have been doing for the last
eight or ten years—
" which never can be made effective in naval war-
fare, or expending millions in constructing a few
largo ships which arc likely to perish or be super-
seded before they will be wanted, it is earnestly
recommended to prosecute with vigor tho line of
policy which has been adopted by Congress, and to
add to the Navy a much larger number of steam-
ships, which can be maintained at comparatively
small cost, are a constant and pressing necessity at
home and abroad, can go wherever they may bo
needed, and can insure protection and security to
our widely extended coast, our rapidly increasing
commerce, and to American citizens and interests
wherever they may be found. It is a source of ex-
treme regret and mortification that we are now at
times obliged to sit by passively and see in some
foreign countries citizens of the United States
imprisoned, plundered, and murdered, because the
Executive has not the means to protect or redress
them. I beg leave to refer to the views expressed
in my last annual report, and without repeating
them now, to urge them again with renewed earnest-
ness."
As the Senator from Delaware is now in his
seat, I ask his attention. Before the Senator
from Delaware resumed his seat I submitted
an amendment which I ask him to accept as a
substitute for the one he offered yesterday,
and I ask the Clerk to read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to insert after the word " determine,"
in the fortieth line of the committee's amend
ment, the following proviso :
Provided, That the aggregate tonnage of the
whole number shall not exceed ten thousand tons,
and that the cost of building the same shall not
exceed $4,000,000.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer that after consult-
ation with the Secretary of the Navy and the
chief of the Bureau of Construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order at this time, unless the Senator, from
Delaware accepts it.
Mr. BAYA.RD. I believe that the substi-
tute suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs will in a great degree
meet the ends I had in view in offering my
amendment, which was that we should know
something of the claita of vesselo to be built,
and that there should be some limit upon their
size and their cost. I considered that the bill
should have limitations expressed on its face
in both those particulars. Now that we know
the number of tons to be added to the Navy, I
am willing to leave the question of the subdi-
vision of those tons into vessels ten in number
to the discretion of the Department. As they
are to have the responsibility, 1 am willing to
leave this discretion to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion, then, will be on the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware, as modified at the
suggestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to ths amendment of the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAY ARD. I understand that here are
ten vessels to be built. If they were of equal
size, of course under this amendment they
would be of a thousand tons each ; but it is
understood that they are not to be of equal
size. A large proportion, probably seven out
of the ten, will be of the class recommended
in the report of the Secretary of the Navy
coming within the class known as small swift
cruisers of about seven hundred tons each.
Then the three other vessels will probably
comprise two vessels of an increased rate, and
one of an exceptionally larger size.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I have another amendment
to offer. I propose, on the thirty-ninth line
of the Senate committee's amendment, after
the word "hulls," to insert "of at least three
of the said vessels;" so as to read: " the hulls
of at least three of the said vessels to be built
of iron, and the remainder of wood."
This amendment is intended to provide that
there shall be a test in this series of vessels
of these two materials. The Secretary may
increase that number, I suppose; but I desire
that at least three of these vessels shall be
built of iron, in order that the relative efficiency
of the two materials, both as to endurance and
other marine purposes, shall be fairly tested.
I also propose that there shall be an experi-
ment to test the efficiency and cheapness of
building at least three of these vessels in pri-
vate yards. It is a very important thing for
the country to know what- our capacities are
in- this respect. Iron vesiJek must be built at
private yards,, for the Government has no
yards where they can be built; and as to the
other vessels, it is a question of doubt; We
have seen in England vessels, which would be
a credit to any navy, built at private yards;
and, if I am not mistaken, it is preferred now
that they should be so constructed, and that
the Government yards be used entirely and
solely for the repair of vessels out of commis-
sion.
I propose, therefore, in order to fix the num-
ber and insure that there shall be a full experi-
ment, so that by a comparison of the results
the country will be able to know, not only in
regard to men-of-war, but other vessels, the
comparative value of wooden or iron ships,
that this bill shall provide that at least three
of these vessels shall be built of iron. The
bill, as I said before, is indefinite in that re-
spect, and I propose to remedy that defect, as
I esteem it to be. I therefore ask that the
amendment I have suggested be acted upon by
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. After the word " hulls,"
in line thirty-nine, it. is proposed to insert the
words " of at least three of said vessels; " so
as to read:
Thehulls of at least three of said vesselsto be built
of iron or wood, as the Secretary may determine.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is not the way the
Senator desires to offer his amendment. I
call his attention to the fact that the Secretary
has not reported it correctly.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Secretary bo kind
enough to report it again.
The Chief Clerk. After the word "hulls,"
in line thirt.y-nine, it is proposed to insert "of
at least three of said vessels;" so that the
amendment of the committee will read :
The hulls of at least three of said vessels to be
built of iron or wood, as the Secretary may determ-
ine.
Mr. BAYARD. No; I propose to strike
out after the word "iron," the words "or
wood, as the Secretary may determine;" so as
to read:
The hulls of at least three of said vessels to be
built of iron.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will now report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert in line thirty-nine, after the word
"hulls," the words "of at least three of said
vessels," and to strike out the words "or
wood, as the Secretary may determine;" so
that the clause will read, "the hulls of at
least three of said vessels to be built of iron."
Mr. NYE. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware will not prevail. I
think that matter had better be left entirely
disoretionary. The furor for iron ships, cer-
tainly as fighting ships, is fast passing away. I
speak npw of ships constructed as these will
be, Dot of armored ships. They have been
and will always continue to be a failure. With
the heavy metal Which is now used in fighting
at sea,_ if an iron ship is hit she must inevit-
ably sink, while a wooden ship can be punc-
tured with great impunity, such vessels always
carrying the means by which they can plug
them up as fast as holes are made in thorn.
That cannot be done with an iron ship. I
think if the Senator from Delaware will
observe closely he will notice that the furor
for iron ships is about passing away. They
were born of necessity; born because England
had not timber with which she could build her
ships. But here in this country that excuse
does not exist at all. In the vicinity of
Puget sound and upon the shores of the
Pacific stands to-day the best ship timber that
