169$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr, EDMUNDS. ■ Oh, no ; I -was asking
what fact you. relied upon for your statement.
Mr.-SHERMAN. I refer the Senator to
this bill, and let me tell Senators that this .bill
itself js, an indication of this injustice. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Ohio permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not interrupt my
friend,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. This hill itself is an evi-
dence of this injustice. I£ we are tp distribute
these colleges in this country for the good of
the country alone, why not take the New
England States, place them together and treat
them as one community for this purpose; es-
tablish a college in the Renter of them or where
ever it would be most convenient for their peo-
ple, and give them one sixth of this whole fund
or whatever would be theirproportion accord-
ing to population. The proportion of New
England to the whole country in population is
about one to twelve, I believe. Then why not
give to New England one twelfth of this whole
fund aud let her establish a college convenient
and accessible to all her people to which any
youth in all New England may go? And yet
you only give to the State of New York, which
contains one third more population than all New
England, the sum that you give to each one of
the six New England States. Is it right'?
There will be this feeling of injustice, and
my friend from Indiana very properly states
it. It is an unequal distribution.
Now, sir, if you were about to levy taxes,
would you raise them in this way? This is
public money drawn from common sources,
the money of all the people. It is money
just the same as if it was_ collected in the
form of taxes. Suppose, this money was col-
lected in the form of taxes and paid into your
Treasury, suppose it was collected in the form
of direct taxes, would it not be levied accord-
ing to population? Certainly it would be un-
constitutional and unequal if it was levied iu
any other way, and yet here you do not dis-
tribute this money according to population.
You collect it accordiug to population. Your
taxes are now maiuly upon consumption, and
the taxes are distributed according to popula-
tion from the very nature of things because it
is according to consumption, and a popula-
tion in one community consume on the whole
about as much as the same population in an-
other. But you distribute this money not
according to population. I say therefore it
is unjust j ana although perhaps it does not
violate any provision of the Constitution, be-
cause there is uo provision iu the Constitutiou
that can define exaptly the purpose, the mode,
and manner of distributing the money collected
in the form of taxes, yet the general idea is
that the money of the nation shall be dis-
tributed according to the same rules and
equities that govern you in levying the taxes
upon the nation. That is a necessary corollary
from the first proposition. Youcannotassume
that taxes should be levied in one way and ex-
penditure made in another.
But, sir, this is a palpable discrimination
against existing colleges in the United States.
I have here several letters, which I will not take
time to read ; one from the president of a col-
lege in my own State ; one handed to me here
giving quotations from several eminent men
connected with existing colleges—some of your
greatest colleges. President Eliot, of Harvard
College, ia quoted ; Professor Barnard, of Co-
lumbia College. I read from the letter of the
president of the New Jersey college that it is
a discrimination against them to establish col-
leges in their midst to compete with them.
Why is that? Can it be said that these agri-
cultural colleges will be.more useful, more
popular, more beneficial than the great insti-
tutions which have been established by State
bounty; by private bounty ; by the long lapse
of time aud ages? Is it to be presumed that
these new colleges will rival those in the New
England State?—Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth,
and others? Not at all. And yet this is a
discrimination against them, and they naturally
complain. They never have been consulted.
Here is a brief extract from ,a letter of the
presi4ent of one of our Ohio colleges:
"The original groat ten years ago was made
because existing institutions did not furnish the
special training farmers needed. It was doubtful
whether the Government had any right to appro-
priate money for a particular class; but has that
olass received any benefit from it? Do any two
States agree what an agricultural college'should be?
Bo any students that finish a course become farmers?
I have no doabt that ayoung man who expected to
become a farmer will receivc just as much good at
the existing colleges as at the new agricultural one.
To make this enormous grant to special favorites is
a most unjust discrimination. The agricultural col-
lege of Ohio is better endowed now than any other
iu the State. It has ample funds to carry out the
original purpose, which was to give some educational
help to young men who expected to become farmers.
Every additional dollar that Congress votes to agri-
cultural colleges is taking so much from the good
that farmers will get from them."
Now, Mr. President, why this discrimina-
tion ? If you are to build up colleges instead
of schools, why not make the distribution of
this large sum of public money among exist-
ing colleges, who are already strengthened by
a firm foundation, who have large funds
accumulated by the gift of charitable people,
or who are supported by their States? These
are not national institutions that you are
founding; they are State institutions, not dif-
ferent in that respect from other institutions
founded by the different States.
But, Mr. President, there is another objec-
tion, and it is only an objection in the line of
what we have so many examples of, and
that is that this bill establishes too many col-
leges, Thirty-eight at least are provided for
by the bill. The bill contemplates that in
some of the States there will be one or more
colleges, aud when the 'Territories come in
they will be added. Iu some States there are
already more than one agricultural college it
seems. _ Iu your owu State, [Mr. Alcorn in
the chair,] with a population probably of six
or seven hundred thousand, you have two
agricultural colleges. Prom the nature of
things they can be but high schools. Why,
sir, the. Germans, who I believe have carried
common education, yes, and advanced edu-
cation to its greatest end of all the peoples
of the world, with sixty million people iu
Austria and Prussia, have but six agricultural
colleges. They have a few universities also.
They concentrate and build institutions of that
kind in aid of their common schools, and I
believe their common-school system, which is
not only permissive, but mandatory, requiring
children to be sent to school, is as good as any
in the world; at least I have heard persons who
are much better informed on the subject than
I am say that in Prussia the schools are good.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And for that very reason,
that the system is coercive.
Mr. SHERMAN. No doubt that is one
reason. The parents are required .to seud
their.children to school. In Germany, with
a population of sixty million souls, they have
but six agricultural colleges. They are good.
They have attained the highest perfection
known ; and colleges of this class have pro-
duced some very great and distinguished men.
But, sir, you establish here in a country of
forty million population thirty-eight colleges,
scattered all over the country in every State
of the Union, without any common organiza-
tion, without any common design, without any
common government, President Barnard rul-
ing like a lord in one place, president some-
body else in another, with no commuuity of
intercourse, no common mode of conducting
their operations, not agreeing at all, even upon
what an agricultural college is. luNew York
they have an endowment founded by private
citizens. In Ohio we have an endowment to
which the State has contributed as much as
the national Government, and yet they are at
sea about their plan of operations, aud have
only recently commenced to establish and
proceeded to erect their building. There is
no common design, no common plan for these
national colleges.. v
I say, therefore, that this bill, while it di-
verts large sums of money in the public Treas-
ury, does it without any plan, and continues
the old plan of having diverse organizations iu
the States, State institutions without any com-
mon design,, and instead of making six or
seven great agricultural college? in sections
of the country, you make thirty-eight to com-
mence with, ana as many more as the exigen-
cies of the times and the States in their di-
vision of this fund may see fit to provide for.
But, sir, there is another objection, which
was very well put by the Senator from Ne-
braska first, and afterward by the Senator
from Minnesota, that this will lead to the
practical abandonment of the preemption and
homestead laws. It is true this hill does not
repeal the preemption and homestead laws; it
says nothing about them ; but suppose these
revenues should fall off, aud the public lauds
are gradually absorbed by homestead settlers
who have to pay only twelve or fourteen dol-
lars for a quarter section of land ? Suppose
the homestead law,-which is the most benefi-
cent system for the western States, should be
carried out over the western country so as to
absorb the lands, do you not think that the
same power which puts this bill through against
all opposition, against appropriation bills,
would come here and demand a change, a
modification of the preemption and homestead
laws; and how could we resist them? We
could not do it. They would secure the rev-
enue for the colleges and sacrifice the settlers.
That will be the effect of it.
Now, sir, the policy advocated thirty years
ago, first by General Jackson, was that bo pub-
lic land ought to be sold to anybody, that it
ought to be set aside for settlement. It is the
growing feeling of this country, the intelligent
people of the country, the people of the East
as well as of the West, that the best disposi-
tion of the public lands is to allow any man
who will go aud develop a farm to have it free
gratis for nothing. In a year or two he adds
to the wealth of the country, and thus does
more good than the value of the land can be
to the nation. That is the feeling of the coun-
try, and that system of settlement will at once
be met with this competitor. These colleges
will insist upon money to carry out this law.
Your preemption and homestead system will
be constantly eaten upon, cramped, and
modified.
Suppose now—and I appeal to the Senators
from Vermont—it should be deemed wise in
the advance of intelligence to repeal your pre-
emption laws, to allow the lands solely to be
settled under the homestead act, so that no-
body should get land from the United States
except a person who is willing to go upon it
and improve it; suppose the Government
should retire from its position as a seller of
land and simply hold the public domain in
trust for anybody who desires to settle upon
it, how could that proposition be carried
now against the friends of this bill? Will
not every one of the eastern States be author-
ized to resist such a policy? Unquestionably.
Yet, strange to say, many of the Senators
here representing land States, where they are
in favor of the homestead policy, are voting
for this bill because it gives them for the pres-
ent a sum of money to aid colleges. In their
desire to promote a present, good they will
suffer greater evil in the future.
There is another point. This bill has never
been considered by the people; it "has never
been discussed before the people. They gen-
erally acquiesced in the agricultural college
land bill of 1862 ; but they have taken com-
paratively little interest in it. But this par-
ticular proposition of diverting the whole pro-
ceeds of the public lands has .never been dis-
cussed, never putin any platform, never made
