1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737
the world has ever seen, and it is there in
great abundance. The difference in buoyancy
between an iron ship and a wooden one is
equal to more than one fourth of her power.
Mr. BAYARD. Why, Mr. President, I am
astonished to hear the honorable Senator speak
of the relative buoyancy of iron and wooden
ships. That an iron ship is more buoyant than
a wooden one is as notorious a fact as can
well be stated. So far as the " furor for iron
ships" is concerned, that phrase is scarcely
applicable. All that X can say to the honor-
able Senator is that I do not to day know of
a single merchant who, building a vessel in the
United. States, certainly for ordinary Atlantic
commerce, would hesitate an instant to choose
iron as the material. Let the honorable Sen-
ator look at the record of the construction of
vessels during the last five years.
Mr. NYE. I have looked at the record, and
by that record it will be seen that twenty-eight
iron ships have gone this year. It is a sub-
ject that I have thought of considerably and
have had some occasion to examine into. No
nation will ever build ships of iron as long as
she can get wood, and no nation will ever
build any other kind of a war ship of iron but
an armored ship. The plates of an ordinary
iron ship are very thin. A square shot at her
is as sure to go through her as it is made, and
she will sink. A wooden ship may be punc-
tured through and through, and by the means
which they carry for stopping the water on the
inside, she will float amid a squadron of ships,
while an iron one will go down.
Sir, I think this matter had better be left
discretionary with the Secretary of the Navy.
He has all the facilities for acquiring knowl-
edge on this point that my friend from Dela-
ware and I have. I want these to be good war
ships. And now, to bring the Senator from
Delaware to the test, let me ask him what ship
led the van in that terrible fight on the Missis-
sippi river? It was the old Hartford, a wooden
ship. It was the Hartford that took the post of
danger, and though punctured with balls, she
floated when others sank. So it will always
be with wooden ships. Buoyancy and strength
are the elements of a good war ship ; and I
need not say to you, Mr. President, [Mr. Stew-
art in the chair,! that the timber existing on
the Pacific coast, which has all the strength
of oak, with a little more thau two thirds its
weight, will make the best war ships that
float.
1 am not tenacious about this matter, but I
notice that in other countries the subject is
discussed of whether iron ships are the best
for war ships after all. For my own part, I
do not believe they are. The tendency of iron
is always downward. The tendency of wood
is always buoyant, and it will float even when
it is shattered with balls. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. BAYARD. I have some hesitancy
about offering my views on a subject which
I do not feel that I am as competent to discuss
as I should like to be. Nevertheless, being
called upon to vote on this bill, I felt it my
duly to offer such criticisms on itas would tend
to the benefit of the public service. I have
no other object in view.
In the first place, I do not propose to speak
with authority in reply to the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada, who affirms the superiority
of wood as a material over iron upon the score
of buoyancy, or safety, or superiority in resist-
ing shot. There is one thing certain, as I
have ascertained, that an iron ship is infinitely
more buoyant than a wooden ship. That, I
bi lieve, is a proposition which is undoubted.
I never heard the fact questioned till it was
questioned here by the Senator from Nevada.
In regard to the effect of shot upon the two
materials, one of the most disastrous results
of shot upon wooden sailing vessels of war is
the injury to the crew from splinters. ^ The
shot itself does not bill or injure one fourth
the men that spliutera of the wood driven by
42p Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 47.
it do. Iron would be free from, that defect at
least.
In the next place, we have seen in the con-
stant use of iron upon the transatlantic steam-
ers—so that there is scarcely a wooden ship
left in. transit between Europe and this coun-
try, all being of iron—that there is peculiar
safety growing out of their being built on the
compartment system, so that one portion of
the ship may be water-logged or suffering from
an injury from a shot or from any other cause,
and the rest be able to progress with entire
safety. Constantly vessels have made nearly
the whole of their trip across the Atlantic with
one compartment quite filled with water, and
yet with safety to the rest.
But, Mr. President, leaving out of the dis-
cussion questions arising from difference of
opinion aud difference of information between
the honorable Senator and myself, it is cer-
tainly plain that the Senator himself, joining
in this recommendation from his committee,
did contemplate the building of a portion of
these vessels of iron, and he has said so. The
only difference between me and the committee
of which he is a member is that I propose to
define the number, to say that there shall be
so many built of iron, so that if the experiment
be made it shall be made in such proportions
as to make it useful. Therefore, I think that
the Senator is rather estopped from objecting
to the construction of vessels of iron, because
his own measure, introduced with his vote
and approval, contains that proposition. The
effect of my amendment is simply that the
number of vessels to be built of the material
that I have spoken of shall be defined, that
we shall know how many ; and I did that for
the purpose of allowing this material of iron
to have a fair experiment in comparison with
vessels constructed ot wood. If only one was
built of iron, there might be defects arising
from various causes not touching a defect in
material; but if three be built we shall know
whether the Senator's views as expressed now
be correct or not; we shall have an oppor-
tunity to compare results, aud at a time when
the country can well afford comparison, and
when it strictly needs it.
The mercantile community in this country
are exhibiting every day their confidence in
iron as a material for ship-building by building
almost all their ships of that material. If the
Senator were a merchant to-morrow engaged
in shipping, he would necessarily, as a matter
of economy and following the common judg-
ment of those engaged in trade, build his ships
of iron, and not of wood. I cannot see why it
is that a portion of our war vessels could not
be wisely and safely constructed of the same
material. If, however, after the skill of our
naval architecture shall have been bestowed
upon these three proposed ships as is on their
sister ships, and if by experience it shall turn
out that the iron is deficient in any respect as
a material and it is not wise so to construct
vessels, no one will be more prompt to admit
it than I, and no one will more readily vote
against a proposition to continue a costly and
foolish experiment. But I desire to see our
Navy test this question as I think they best
can, and I think it will be a great service to the
country that they should test it in the present
measure; alid as the committee has proposed
that a portion of these vessels shall be built of
iron, I propose to define that portion by put-
ting in the word " three."
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I prefer that it
should be left entirely to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Navy with such lights as he
can bring to bear on the subject. There is a
great difference between the perils of a ship
that sails all the time in smooth water and
one that is in rough seas, and a great differ-
ence in her construction and in the dangers
arising whether she is brought iuto contact
with war or whether she sails on the smooth
ocean of commerce having none of these
dangers to apprehend.
My judgment is that there will never be
another man-of-war, unless it is an armored
ship, built of iron. If she is so armored that
she cannot be punctured, that is very well; if
she is to have weight enough of iron to pro-
tect her against any missile that can be hurled,
that is very well; but with the simple thin
plates of iron of which merchant ships must
be constructed in order to be buoyant, they
are not ships for war. I would as soon be in.
glass as in such an iron vessel with the heavy
metal which is thrown at them now and there
never has been one built in this way for a ship
of war.
If you are going to make iron clads of these,
say so in the bill ; but if they are to be roving
ships, ships for patroling the ocean, then
construct them of that material which we
know will last. All iron ships are weakened
by the countless bolts that are put into them,
and on the Clyde I saw one of them broken ia
launching, tipping up at each end. They are not
exempt from all these weaknesses, and a little
want of mechanical skill will spoil all of them.
While I am on the subject of wooden and
iron vessels let me present to the Senate a
communication which I find in a recent Chicago
paper relative to disasters on the lakes last
season:
Iron Propellers—Wear and Tear for, 1872.
To the Editor:
Sir : From your interesting " exhibit of the disas-
ters to shipping oa the lakes for 1872," I make out
the following statistics of the "wear and tear" of
iron propellers. You have enlargedupon the theory
of the superiority of these boats. Will you please
allow me, as a practical ship-builder, to draw atten-
tion to the practice of iron propeller navigation ?
It may be premised that ten iron boats have been
engaged in trading between Buffalo and Chicago
and Buffalo and Duiuth the past season. Not all
of the ten ran the entire season. The wear and
tear of this fleet was as follows:
In the month of May—1. Propellor Merchant
struck on Bar point and sunk; cargo, merchandise,
damaged more or less ; steamer raised and repaired.
2, Propeller Philadelphia damaged her rudder at
Buffalo; repaired.
In July—-3. Iron steamer Java struck stone pier at
Cleveland and cut a hole in her bows.
In August—4. Propeller Merchant disabled in
machinery near Milwaukee; repaired there.
October—5. Propeller Alaska, general cargo, on
the rocks near Maiden, and badly damaged in hull
and cargo.
November—6. Steamer Java struck a rock near
the Lime Kilns, causing a bad leak and requiring a
steam pump.
7. Propeller China, cargo grain, (nearly all wet,)
sunk near Sault canal,' released.
8. Propeller India, disabled in machinery enroute
from Lake Superior,
9. Propeller Russia, cargo wheat, struck on Bar
point, and cargo more or less damaged.
The above list shows nine disasters to ten boats—
almost one apiece; ratio of disasters to number of
the fleet, ninety per cent.
The instances of striking rocks and tearing dan-
gerous holes in the plating were six; ratio of dan-
gerous collisions with rocks, sixty per cent.
The cases of striking obstructions at the bottom
and sinking the boats, and damaging the greater
portion or the entire cargo, were four; ratio of sink*
ing disasters requiring aid of steam-pumps and
wrecking operations to save vessel and cargo, forty
per cent. And the ratio of cases requiring the aid
of steam-pumps is fifty per cent.; a ratio abnormal
and unprecedented.
The break-downs of machinery and rudder were
three in number; ratio of dangerous accidents oi
this kind, thirty per cent.
It is worthy of note that every time a rock was
struck, or, more strictly speaking, every time the
bottom was stmck, except in the clay of the rivers,
a boat was sprang aleak and sunk.
In your exhibit of disasters for 13*2 I count thir-
teen cases in which wooden propellers have struck
the bottom, or gone ashore, and got off with safety
to vessel and cargo, and with no damages or only
very slight injuries. If these thirteen boats had
been iron, their " wear and tear" would have been
more striiiug, and, perhaps, ruinous to their owners
and the underwriters. It takes a force of only ten
to twenty tons to destroy the plating of an iron
boat's bottom and admit the water to the hold,
sinking the vessel and destroying the car^o. It is
not strange that ten iron boats should give more
employment to wreckers and steam-pump operators
thau fifty wooden ones. These points of failure in
iron boats are becoming known to whom it may con-
cern. There is no use in writers for the press decry-
ins wooden vessels. They are cheaper, safer, and
better than iron, and the notion that they are not
so isa mere whim, unworthy of countenance by prac-
tical men who observe and think. A trial of iron
boats in placeof wood will, in the end, convince tbe
most enthusiastic believer in them that they are not
what their inventors represent them to be.
