1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24
approval of every man in this body. What
does it propose? It proposes simply that Con-
gress shall nofcabdicate all its powers over the
public lands of the United States or the dis-
position of their proceeds, but that it shall
reserve to itself in the future the fullest con-
trol over the whole subject in every branch of it.
Now, sir, what is the objection to that? Is
there anything-wrong in that?. Why should
Congress divest itself of its authority, of its
jurisdiction over any leading subject of legis-
lation ? That this is a leading subject of legis-
lation no fair-minded man can deny.
What was the answer of the Senator from
Vermont to the unanswerable reasons of the
Senator from Ohio ? It was this, neither more
nor less: that Congress can amend or repeal
this act without reserving any such power.
Why, sir, I do not know about that. I am
not prepared to accept the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont as being quite so clear
as he seems to regard it. - The leadiug case in
this country under the provision of the Con-
stitution against the power of a State to impair
the obligation of contracts, was a case that
arose out of a grant by a State to a college in
New England. It was decided in that case
by the highest tribunal we have that a State
had,no power to impair that grant. It never has
been settled y«t by the Supreme Court, so far as
I can remember—I maybe mistaken,however—
that Congress has any more power to impair
its grants than a State has to impair its grants,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I as!
the Senator a question ?
Mr. CASSEliLY. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. At the la,st
session we refused to ingraft upon a mere rail-
road bill, that allowed a railroad to come into
this city, and have its depot here near Penn-
sylvania avenue, the same provision that is
now offered by the Senator from Ohio. Does
the Senator believe that, notwithstanding our
vote not to put that amendment on that bill,
we cannot repeal the right of that railroad to
come into the city at that point, and change
its location?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 do not know whether
we can or not, consistently with the obliga-
tions of the Constitution. But, sir, if the
Senate did commit an error in regard to the
provision of which the Senator from Vermont
has just spoken, surely that furnishes no rea-
son why it should repeat that error on an
infinitely larger scale, and in a matter of in
finitely more importance. But whether Con
gress has the constitutional power to impair
its own grant made directly to these col-
leges, grants not in the lands themselves, but
in the proceeds of the lands, there is still a
difficulty to be overaome. If we put in the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, we are
acting then in entire good faith with these col-
leges and with this army of professors which—
1 do not say it in any derogatory spirit toward
them—sword in hand stormed the intrench-
ments of Congress in both Houses and swept
such a Bill as this through by majorities not
known within my experience.^
If we do not give them fair notice of the
right reserved in Congress to amend or repeal
or change this bill in any respect, and we
should undertake to do it, they will come here
again, and then they will stand upon the
ground of plighted faith, which it will be much
harder to resist than their importunities were
to pass the bill. It would scarcely be possible
for any member of the Senate to resist a.body
of professors from any one of these colleges
who should come here to assure us that on the
faith of this law, which they believed was to
stand for all time, they gave up occupations
to take professorships; they and their friends
invested money in building these colleges, in
furnishing them with suitable apparatus and
with chairs for professors. What answer could
we give to that? We should not be able to
give any.
There are two cases in which a Government
is inhibited from acting: one is where there is
a constitutional prohibition of it, andthe^other
is where there is plighted faith between it and
its citizens, which it does not become a civil-
ized Governmentto violate. The object of the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is to
cover either of those alternatives, to provide
either against a denial of the power in Con-
gress to impair the grant in this act or to meet
any appeal to us hereafter to be made on the
ground of plighted faith. What is the objec-
tion to it? It seems to me—I say it with the
greatest respect—that there can be no reason-
able objection to putting a proposition of that
kind into a bill so important as this is.
Why, sir, this bill is an entirely new depart-
ure in the policy of the Government. You
are embarking on a new system, at the very
threshold of which, if you do not entirely sub-
vert the public land system of the united
States, you make a change in it that is almost
revolutionary. Can any man lay his hand
upon his heart and say that after this bill has
passed Congress will retain its control over the
public lands of the United States unimpaired?
I put that question to the Senator from West
Virginia [Mr. Boreman] a while ago—a candid
man, a clear man, a friend of this bill—and
he was not able to answer it; at all events, he
did not answer it. He could not have answered
it without confessing an objection to this bill
which is fatal.
The Senator from Minnesota was entirely
right, more right than I supposed him when
he first made his motion, when he moved to
refer this bill to the Committee on Public
Lands. The bill ought to have gone in some
st^ge of it at least, before it came back to the
Senate to be acted upon, to that committee.
The whole subject of the public lands is in-
volved in this bill. Thatsubject has been com-
mitted by a vote of the Senate for a long series
of years to the Committee on Public Lands as
the proper committee to deal with it. And
now we are undertaking in this bill to tie the
hands of Congress for all time to come in re-
gard to a subject so interesting and so import-
ant in every respect as is the public domain
of the United States. At least, if I am not
right, it is a fair case of doubt, and in a fair
case of doubt among intelligent and candid
men the true way is to be upon the safe side,
and the only safe side is either by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio or by some
similar amendment—-and I shall offer a simi-
lar amendment if his should be rejected by
the Senate, not, of course, the same, but in-
volving the principle presented in a little differ-
ent way—I say the safe way is either by
his amendment or by an amendment like it to
reserve to Congress its full power over the
whole subject, and to give notice to all and
singular of these colleges, their trustees, their
professors, and their friends—and I trust they
have many friends and a large support—that
such is the intention of Congress. 1 trust that
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio will
be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question, I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am paired on this
question with the Senator from New Jersey,
who is necessarily absent from the Chamber,
[Mr. Fremnghuxseu.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am paired with the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.]
Were he here he would vote for the amend-
ment, and I should vote against it.
Mr. RAMSEY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan.] He is in favor of the bill, and I am
" to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I am
paired with thd Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Tbumbull,] who is absent.
The question being taken by-yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard,Casserly.Conkling,Cooper,
Davis, Benton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hitchcock, Kelly,Machen, Morton, Pratt,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,.Sherman, Ste-
venson, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Wmdom—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Borcman, Car-
penter, Clayton, Flanagan, Hamilton ofTexas, Ham-
lin, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Lewis. Logan, Morrill
of Vermont, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Ransom, Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Stewart, and
\y jigjj t—24
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Corbett, Cragin. Edmunds. Eerry of Michigan, Ere-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Goidthwaite, Harlan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner,Thurman, Trumbull, and vickers 2b.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now have some hope
of carrying an amendment that I think every
one would vote for if it were not that my friend
• from Vermont thinks" it necessary to put this
bill through without amendment. I move to
strike out the last part of section three, begin-
ning in line thirty-three with the words ' 'Smith-
sonian Institution" to the end of the section,
and to insert the words u support of common
schools in said District." The bill as it now
reads provides that the funds belonging to the
District of Columbia, $50,000 a year—
Shall be appropriated to the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, to be expended, under the direction of the
Board of Regents of said institution, for the sup-
port of the national museum, and in distributing
specimens and publications to the colleges named in
this act and to other institutions.
I move that those words be stricken out,
and the words "support of common schools
in said District'' inserted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should
have no objection at all to that change, except
that to send the bill back to the House now is
fatal to the bill. I shall be perfectly willing at
the next session, if the judgment of Congress
is in favor of changing this from the Smith-
sonian institution, to change it. The proposi-
tion as incorporated in the bill was put in there
by the House, and as I understand it, the sug-
gestion came from the very sources where we
now meet with opposition ; that is, from some
of the highest literary institutions of the coun-
try. They thought that it was important that
here at the capital of the nation the Smith-
sonian Institution should be able to publish
and distribute its most important scientific
documents to all these colleges. Those pub-
lications are expensive ; they are very import-
ant ; they are very creditable to the country ;
but at the same time it was an open question,
and if it were not to imperil the bill I should
have no objection to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. It pains me greatly to
find that the Senator from Vermont is one of
those great reformers who violate their own
rules. Only a few minutes ago the Senator, in
laying down to the Senate rules of debate, ad-
monished the Senator from Ohio to make one
part of his speech always coincide with the
other j and now my honorable friend has vio-
lated that injunction in this way '■ he told us
a short time ago that in the House, where
everybody was represented according to num-
bers, this bill had immense enthusiasm—be
did not say that, but that was the idea—
everybody was for it there ; and now he tells
us that if an amendment is put upon it, which
improves the bill, and to which no objection
whatever can be made in the Senate, except
that it sends the bill back to the House, it is
perfectly fatal to the whole thing. If he is
consistent in those two statements I do not
see it. If the Sill goes back to the House it
goes to the Speaker's table, and we are in the
last days of the session, and it is in order
every minute of every day to move to suspend
the rules so as to take up anything.
It is in order all the time after the morning
hour to move to go to business on the Speaker s
table; and yet the honorable Senator from
Vermont tells us that with everybody holding
up both hands for this bill in the House,
