738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
I hope the matter will be left to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy. If he is
convinced from all the lights he cati obtain—and
he certainly stands in a position to know more
about the subject than any of us—that iron
ships are best, build them all of iron; if he is
convinced they are not, build none of them so,
for we have tried experiments enough.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I know
very little about the question whether wood or
iron is the best material of which to build
ships. I do not know personally whether iron
sh ips or wooden ships are the best; neither do I
suppose that the Secretary of the Navy is an
infallible authority on that question. One of
the very objections which I have to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Naval Affairs is
that it leaves too much already to the discre
tion of the Secretary of the Navy. The House
bill is guarded in that respect. The House
bill provides that the models, the plans, the
Specifications, and the estimates shall be made
by naval or civil engineers, that they shall be
approved by a board of naval officers before
anything can be done, and I think th^t is the
right way for us to proceed in this matter. I
have no question that the Secretary of the
Navy, if the amendment so directed, would
summon to his aid naval officers who will
understand much better whether we should
have iron or wooden ships than the Secretary
himself does; but the amendment of the Senate
committee invests the Secretary of the Navy
with entire discretion over the whole subject
as to the class of vessels to be built, as to their
size, as to their tonnage, and as to their cost;
and notwithstanding the amendment offered
this morning by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, limiting the cost of these vessels to
$4,000,000, they will cost a much larger sum ;
if the vessels are once commenced, Congress
will not fail to supply whatever deficiency may
be required to complete them.
Now, in reference to the necessity for this
increase of the naval force of the country, I
confess I do not see where the necessity exists.
We have, says my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Hamilton,] a very large number of vessels
now on the different stations. The Senator
from New Hampshire says that we have only
forty-five, and that some of them will soon go
out of service. The Senator from New Jersey
yesterday said wo had not a single ship. In
this discrepancy of opinion about the charac-
ter of our Navy I am at loss to know whether
there is any necessity at all for an increase.
The Senator from Nevada yesterday placed
his advocacy of this measure upon his desire
to"keep abreast with the improvements in the
navies of liurope. Why, tii-, wo cannot do
that,'and there is no necessity that we should
do it. We are not in such close proximity to
foreign Powers as is the British Government
that wo need have the same kind of navy that
England has. We are an isolated people. We
have commerce, it is true; but there is no
threatening to our commerce, there is no
prospect of hostility between this country and
any other Government,, and I therefore can-
not see that there is any necessity for 1 he pur-
pose of protecting the commerce of this coun-
try that we should increase the naval power
of the country one iota; and unless that neces-
sity is demonstrated, unless I am convinced
that there is such a necessity to protect, our
commerce and to defend our honor, I appre-
hend it is not my duty to go for a measure of
this kind.
I do not want to appropriate money for mere
experiment, and I believe this proposition yes-
terday was acknowledged to be an experiment.
If we had an abundant Treasury and no debts
to^ pay we might afford to experiment, we
might afford to expend a few million dollars
for the purpose of ascertaining what class and
character of war vessels would be the best;
but our condition to day is very different from
that. We have a large, an enormous debt
already existing upon us, and I think that it is
time that there was some limitation put to the
expenditures of this Government. We go on
as if the people of this country could pay all
the demands we might make upon them. We
have already drafted upon them to the amount
of near $400,000,000 a year for several years
past. Why, sir, think of it, the expenditures
of this Governmentin 1871 were $383,000,000.
That was paid by thirty-eight million peo-
ple—ten dollars per head for every man,
woman, and child, white and black, in this
whole land. That is a measure of taxation
which the people of this country ought not
long to be expected quietly to submit to. I
think it our duty to watch and guard the in-
terests of the whole country, and unless there
is absolute necessity for the expenditure of
money to decline to appropriate it. As I am
not satisfied that this expenditure of money is
a wise expenditure, I deem it my duty to vote
against this entire proposition.
Mr. President, We need not suppose that the
people of this country, because they pay their
taxes by indirect taxation, are quietly paying
them. There is an under current of feeling
in opposition to this extravagance on the part
of the Government, and the people feel that
they are being oppressed beyond what is right
and reasonable. Why, sir, the very mode of
indirect taxation itself, which carries into the
Treasury $216,000,000, becomes the basis and
is the means of extorting double that amount
from the people, not for the purpose of revenue
to the Government, but for the purpose of
protection to the manufacturing interests of
the country. The people are beginning to
understand this; and unless there is a stop put
to it, in my opinion the people will demand
that the revenues of this Government be
derived from some other source than duties on
foreign importations. I have always believed
myself tbat it would be proper to derive a
portion at least of the revenues of this coun-
try from duties paid under our tariff laws;
but when those tariff laws are male the
means of oppressing the people for the benefit
of the manufacturing interests, then I am
willing for one to take my destiny with the
friends of "free trade."
Mr. President, I did not expect until a few
minutes ago to utter a single word on this bill,
and in anything I have said I have not been
actuated- by any feeling of hostility to the
Navy. As an American citizen I feel proud
of the past history and record of our Navy. I
am proud of the memory of such men as
Perry, and Jones, and Decatur, and Law-
rence, and McDonough, and a host of other
men who feared no foe upon the deep. Sir,
as bright pages of American history as have
been written have been written upon the sea,
and I would say naught to disparage the value
of the Navy of the country.
The Senator from New Jersey yesterday re-
ferred to the early origin of that Navy, and he
called up to my mind an incident connected
somewhat with the history of my own State. He
spoke of the first war vfessels of this country ;
but there was a class of war vessels used for
coast defense to which they did not belong—the
row-galleys, long galleys, propelled in part by
human hands, but shotted by guns that could
do proper execution in case of necessity, and
perhaps the very first naval engagement that
was ever fought in this country was fought
within the limits of my own State, upon the
waters of the river that bears her name.
In the month of May, 1776, as a portion of
our shore defenses, some of these galleys lay
in the mouth of the Christiana, when news was
brought to them that two English men-of-war
had entered the capes of the Delaware and
were proceeding up that bay. They pulled
quietly out from their moorings and bore down
upon the enemy. Just below the ancient and
honorable town of Newcastle they came up
with the enemy and continued to cannonade
him for two days, until taking counsel from
his prudence, if not his fears, he retired down
the bay. I remember these incidents con-
nected with our naval history, and I feel proud
of that naval history, and I should do naught
to disparage it in any respect. I would extend
it' all the proper aid that I was satisfied it
needed.
Mr. President, these measures spring par-
tially from the fact that our thoughts have
been turned recently to war. We have been
engaged in a great civil strife, and men's
thoughts have been turned on war, and hence
it is to-day that your Army is twice or thrice
as large as it ought to be, and hence it is that
these propositions come in to increase your
naval force. It is because men's minds have
been turned to war, and are still upon war.
The young men of the country are seeking
positions in your Army, as the confirma-
tions made almost daily in this body testify.
I heard the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
a few days ago, in advocating the bill donating
public lands to agricultural colleges, base his
argument in part upon the fact that the stu-
dents in those colleges under the original law
were instructed in military tactics and science.
I was not surprised that the Senator from Illi-
nois favored that view, for he was himself a
distinguished officer in the late war. His mind
has been turned upon war. But, sir, I acknowl-
edge that that idea in the original law of instruct-
ing the youth in the colleges of the country in
military tactics does not commend it to me.
My thoughts, my wishes, my hopes, are of
peace. Sir, I would teach the youth of the
country, instead of military tactics, to read
upon the shield of Achilles the desolating
power of war and the happiness and blessings
that follow in the train of peace. I would
take them to the battle-fields of earth, and
point them, not to the crowns that deck the
victor's brow, but to the emaciated forms of
the wounded; I would bid them listen to their
groans ; I would bid them look on the pallid
faces of the dead. I might point them to our
own war, to a desolated South, homes and
firesides made desolate and sad by the ravages
of war ; to our own public debt, the monument
of that war, and to the burdens which it en-
tails ; and, sir, "these," 1 would say to them,
"are the fruits of war." I would rather teach
them peace: I would take them to another
scene—to the Mount where sat the multitude
and listened to the language Of the Prince of
Peace while he pronounced in words that
earth till then never heard and man never
spake, "Blessed is the peacemaker," and
predicted for him the highest encomiums of
earth. To that appellation I would bid the
youth of my country aspire, and not to dis-
tinctions conferred by war or purchased with
blood.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I regret
that my friend, the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] should have offered this amend-
ment, mainly because I regret the delay that
its discussion will occasion, being anxious to
dispose of this bill as soon as possible. He
will see, as will every other Senator, that this
bill as it now stands leaves it to the discretion
of the Secretary of the Navy to build a portion
ot the hulls of these ten vessels of iron, and it
seems to me that is as far as it is wise for us
to go. It may have been already established
that iron ships of commerce, merchant ves-
sels, are the best. I will not discuss that
question with the Senator from Delaware ; but
when we come to build war vessels it is a
serious question whether they should be built
of iron ; I mean iron frames and not iron clad.
Iron merchant vessels are made of plates from
a half to three quarters of an inch in thickness,
according to the size of the vessel, and made
of angle T-iron. For war shios built under
this bill such vessels in battle w'ould not stand
any considerable chance. What is generally
understood by iron vessels of war are armored
vessels or iron-clads, iron plates bolted upon
wood. I am not aware that there is a single
