1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
iron vessel of war, such as would be built
under the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, in any foreign service. England has
hundreds almost of iron-elad vessels, armored
vessels. 5jo has France, so has Russia, and so
have other Governments. But building vessels
simply of iron and iron frames as war vessels
is certainly something that is to be tried here-
after.
But, as I said, I am quite reluctant to con-
sume any time on this amendment, almost
being willing that it should be adopted rather
than that time should be consumed.
These vessels, Mr. President, if they are
built, are to go into all latitudes, mainly per-
haps on the Pacific, where it is well known
that the climate is warmer than in our northern
latitudes, and where iron ships are more liable
to foul and to become in a condition unfit for
service. I would express the hope that the
Senator from Delaware would withdraw this
amendment, and ieave the matter as it stands,
allowing the Secretary of the Navy, if he
deems it wise, to build one or two or three
even of these vessels of iron. My own judg-
ment is that the vessels contemplated by this
bill should be built of wood, but I am willing
to leave it discretionary with the Secretary of
the Navy, with all the information that he has
or can obtain, to build them of iron or wood,
as shall be thought best. I hope the Senator
will see that he will gain all he desires by leav-
ing the bill as it stands and not pressing this
amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. It is admitted that a por-
tion of these vessels are to be built of iron.
The bill evidently contemplates that. It has
certainly provided for that. The simple ques-
tion of difference between the honorable Sen-
ator who has just taken his seat and myself
is whether we shall define the number or not.
I am willing to fix a number that will allow
the experiment to be fairly tested. There
never has been a time when the experiment
was so necessary to be made. There never
has been a time when it could be made so
properly as now. The bill proposes to make
it. The Senate Naval Committee have sug-
gested that it be made, and the question is
simply whether the Senate will make the prop-
osition a definite or an indefinite one. It is
plain that some "portion" of these ships
(whatever "portion" means) are to be built
of iron. It must be one, and there might be
a construction of the language that it must be
more than one. I propose to make the very-
moderate proportion of three, that they may
be built in order that this difference of opin-
ion may be settled by the result. I think it
reasonable, and I hope the Seuate will agree
with me on that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice yesterday
of an amendment that I intended to offer. I
have submitted it, in the first place, to the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and he does not object to it. I ask that the
first of the printed amendments be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Sec. —. That neither of said vessels shall be com-
menced until full and complete plans and speeihea-
tionsshall be made for its construction m all its parts.
And after such plans are approved by the proper
i iithority, they shall not be changed in any respect,
i-'xcept upon the recommendation ol a board ot sur-
vey composed of not less than five officers of tlic
X tvy, and approved by the Secretary of the A.vvy ;
•md if changes are thus made, the actual cost ot
and damage caused by tuch change snail be esti-
mated by such board of survey.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to the Senator
that he ehatige the word " plans ■' into "mod-
els." ''Plans" is not professional.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I used the
wrong word.
Mr. HAMLIN. Where the Senator uses
the word " plans" it should be " models."
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be so. I am
more familiar with architecture on land than
on water.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. The intention of the
amendment is obvious from its reading. We
have had a great deal of difficulty with claims
growing out of changes made by naval con-
structors in charge of the construction of ves
sels. Sometimes changes have been made
that involved very large sums, and in some
cases we have voted appropriations of from
$50,000 up to $200,000 for changes made in
vessels. During the war we had claims made
against us of millions of dollars growing out
of changes made in this way, and sometimes
made even without the authority of the Secre-
tary, and this amendment is for the purpose
of guarding against anything of that kind.
The plans, or the models, to use the nautical
phrase, ought to be carefully studied in detail
before they are sent to the constructing officer,
and then they ought to be pursued, or if they
are changed^ they ought to be changed only on
proper examination. This is the only object
I have in offering the amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suggest that the word "mod-
els " be added, and let the word " plans " re-
main also ; so as to read, " until full and com-
plete plans, models, and specifications shall
be made." Some plans, I think, are usually
made 
Mr. HAMLIN. Drawings.
Mr. CRAGIN. Drawings, that it might be
necessary to have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is that
modification accepted ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to it.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I suggest to the Sen-
ator to add in the fourth line of his amend-
ment " when the cost will exceed §100." If
the changes are very slight it would seem to
be foolish to call a board of survey to exam-
ine them and then wait for the approval of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
agree to that.
Mr. CRAGIN. For instance, if a small
change is to be made in a window it would
not be necessary to have a board of survey to
examine that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have no objec-
tion even to a limitation of a sum a little larger
than that.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am satisfied with that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to cut off
small changes, but the large changes.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
know whether I understand the proposition of
the Senator from Ohio. Is it an amendment
to the original bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir, to the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. As an
amendment to the original bill I think it
would be altogether proper, because the ori-
ginal bill provides that these models shall be
approved by a board of naval officers. The
amendment reported by the committee _ on
Naval Affairs does not provide any such thing.
That amendment contains no requirement of
a submission to a board of naval officers.
Everything is left to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. It is not so in the House
bill. Therefore, the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Ohio would be perfectly pertinent to
the House bill, and a very good one, provid-
ing that after this board has determined upon
the models they shall not be changed except
also in the approval of the board. If it is
offered as an amendment to the amendment
of the committee it will be found that that
proposition omits that one thing, that these
models shall be approved by a board of officers
before the construction of the vessels, and the
amendment of the Committee on Naval Affairs
ought to be amended in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment that I
offer is an amendment to the substitute of the
committee, the only proposition that is open
to amendment if I understand the rules. It
it drawn with a view to make the very guard
that the Senator proposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
the amendment as now amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That neither of said vessels shall be com-
menced until full and complete plans, models, and
specifications shall be made for its construction in
all its parts. And after such plans are approved by
the proper authority they shall not be changed in
any respect when the cost will exceed $100, except
upon the recommendation of a board of survey,
composed of not less than five officers of the Navy,
and approved by the Secretary of-(he ?Javy; and if
changes are thus made, the actual cost of, and dam-
age caused by, such change shall be estimated by
such board of survey.
Mr. OORBBTT. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio whether a provision ought- not to be
inserted in addition, that the cost of such
change shall be agreed upon when the con-
tract is made with private parties.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; that might make
the consent of the contractor necessary for
those changes. All these contracts are made
with a reservation of the right of the Govern-
ment to make changes, and what the Senator
suggests would put the Government at the
mercy of the contractor, if his consent was
required to any change. I do not propose to
do that. A change may be found necessary in
the progress of the work, and we ought not to
require the consent of the contractor to make
that change.
Mr. CORBETT. Suppose the contractor
refuses to make the changes unless he can fix
his own price?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know enough about naval
contracts to know that all contracts always
reserve the right of the Uuited States to change
the plans.
Mr. CORBETT. And fix the price ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; not necessarily.
Mr. CORBETT. Then the contractor can
make such charges for these changes as he sees
fit. There is no guard against that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we have the report of
five naval officers, snowing that the change only
involves an additional expense of $1,000, it is
very certain that Congress would not appro-
priate more than $1,000 when the contractors
■■ come before us for $100,000.
I Mr. CORBETT. Does the amendment pro-
vide for an estimate of the cost of the changes?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; an estimate of
the cost. The last clause of the amendment
covers it, as the Senator will see if it ia read
again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And if changes are thus made, the actual cost
of, and damage caused by, such chango shall be
estimated by such board of survey.
Mr. CORBETT. Probably ihat is sufficient.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe the amendment
has still got in it the word " models." Now,
if my friend from Ohio were to call upon an
architect and ask him to diaw a model for a
house, I suppose the architect would know
what he meaut, and I suppose he would draw
him a plan of a house. If he were to call
upon a naval constructor and ask him to draw
a plan of a ship, I suppose he would know
what he meant, but he would tell him that he
never heard it called by that name before.
Mr, SHERMAN. I leave that question
between the Senator from Maine and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HAMLIN. It should read " models,
specifications, and drawings." That will
