1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
The foundation of these agricultural schools
was accompanied by a provision that there
should be military education in them. They
were not simply agricultural schools and
colleges; they had the object in view of de-
veloping the military spirit and encouraging
and promoting military education, and also
education in other mechanic arts. They are ,
no narrow, restricted institutions devoted to a I
single specific pursuit, but they are intended !
for the general cultivation of these arts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from South Carolina to yield to
me that I may make a motion to extend the
morning session for about fifteen minates in
order that we may come to a vote. I think
there will be unanimous consent to have this
bill disposed of before the recess, in order that
after the recess the time may be used for
some other purpose.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall be done in a min-
ute ; but I will yield if the Senator desires for
that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. The motion is not in
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for |
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think the Sena-
tor ought to ask it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I supposed
there would not be any objection in any
quarter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Carpen-
ter in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont asks unanimous consent that the session
be continued until fifteen minutes after five
o'clock. |
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. SAWYER. I will not detain the Sen- ;
ate longer than to say that all the arguments
of the Senator from New York and the Sen- j
ator from Ohio for delay on this question, in i
my opinion, are urged simply on the same
ground that a minority always urges objec- i
tions, and that is that they fear the bill is
going to pass. There would be no special
objection to its consideration if those gentle-
men were on the other side of this question.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend be
kind enough to tell us what is the point in re-
gard to the passage of the bill now, rather
than at the next session?
Mr. SAWYER. Simply because the best time
to do a right thing is now; and the country haa
determined not only in the popular branch of
Congress, but the country has determined on
the general policy of passing this bill, and I
believe the country has also determined upon
passing some measure for the promotion of
public-school education in the various States;
and it rests upon the Senate to-day to say
whether we shall at this session mature a meas-
ure which shall compass that great end. I
myself, could I have the choice, would be
here advocating at this moment the passage of
a measure for the promotion of common
school education ; but because I cannot get
that at this moment, I ain not going to oppose
a measure which I conceive is fraught with
very great benefits to the country at large.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from South Carolina is in favor of common
schools; and does he not know that he gives a
fatal stab to any effort to aid common schools
by the passage of this bill ? But, sir, the Sen-
ator from Ohio has called our attention to a
part of this bill which adds to its enormous
injustice. There are one hundred and seveuty-
five thousand people in this District who are
needing education as badly as any one hundred
and seventy-five thousand people in the United
States ; and yet they are excluded from the
benefits of this bill. This District has four
times the population of one State that gets a
full share ; it has more than twice the popula-
tion of two other States tha1. get a fall share;
and yet the people of this District are excluded
from the benefits of this bill. This is a gross
injustice added to the other, which needs only
to be stated to be understood by everybody;
and when it is pointed out, we are told that
we need not correct it now, but it may be done 1
at some future time. We know very well that
what the Smithsonian Institution gets it holds
on to; and if this donation is made to that
institution it will never be taken from it, and
so far as the people of this District are con-
cerned it is of no more benefit to give it to
the Smithsonian than it is to give it to Yale
College. Here is a palpable, wanton, and un-
mitigated injustice ; andyet we are told it must
not be stricken out of this bill because that
will endanger its passage.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am going to
vote for this amendment. It is the first one
that has been moved which I have been willing
to vote for. I am going to vote for this, and I
want to say in two or three words why I do not
think I ought to be set down as an enemy to
the bill because I vote for this amendment.
I have stood by the bill from the beginning.
I voted for the bill as it passed the Senate.
There was one feature in that bill which I
deprecated—this matter of an equal distribu-
tion of the fund among all the States, large
and small. I do not think that is an honest,
fair feature of the bill; but in spite of that I
voted for it and would vote for it again to-day,
but I cannot vote against the amendment now
proposed. I once heard of a man in the State
where I was raised—I never heard of such a
man in the State where I live—who was so
fond of new rum that he drank up a bottle
of his wife's picra in order to get it. Now, my
appetites are not quite that voracious. I am
willing to take the bill as it passed the Senate,
but I do not want any more aloes in it than
there was when it passed.
There are two reasons assigned why we
should not agree to this amendment: one is
that it will send the bill back to the House
and it will be defeated there. Mr. President,
I do not believe that. I think that prediction
is held up in the way of terror.
The other objection is the one urged by the
Senator from Maine, that it changes the whole
scope of the bill. Sir, I think the Senator is
mistaken. It does not change the scope of
the bill one whit more thau these words do
which the pending motion proposes to strike
out. This was a bill to add to the endowment
of agricultural colleges, when it passed the
Senate. It comes back to us with a propo-
sition to take a certain sum of money out of
the fund to be raised, and do what? No one
has the assurance to intimate that the money
which is to be expended in this Distriot is to
support agricultural colleges. It is to be given
to a purpose just as foreign to what is con-
templated in every other clause of the bill,
much more strange to that purpose, than
would be an endowment of the public schools
in this City.
Sir, there is a sum of monev to be given to
this District out of the fund to be raised.
You do not propose that it shall be given to
agricultural colleges. If you stand by this
clause which the Senator from Ohio moves to
strike out it will go to the Smithsonian Insti-
tute. If you strike that out and put in the
words he moves as a substitute it will go to
public schools, and every Senator must vote
upon that question, it seems to me, just as he
thinks, whether one or the other be the object
most to be preferred. As I believe the public
schools of this city should be endowed before
the Smithsonian Institute, I shall vote for this
proposition. I shall then want to move my-
self two other amendments before I can agree
to take the House bill as a substitute for the
Senate bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of five o'clock having arrived, the Senate
takes a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
P* m* PETITION.
Mr. HAMLIN asked and obtained leave
to present the petition of A. M. Gangewer
and others, praying for aid to support an
industrial home for girls in the District of
Columbia ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. HAMLIN. I also ask leave to offer a
resolution for reference to the Committee on
Printing, to which I am sure there will be no
objection.
Retolved. That two thousand copies of the
memorial of Gardiner S. Hubbard on postal tele-
graphing be printed for the use of the Seo&te.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. WEST. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont to withdraw his call to enable me to
make some reports from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Cannot the Senator make
them to-morrow?
Mr. WEST. Possibly so; but as there are
no Senators here hardly to act on the regular
order, I thought we might consume a little
time in presenting these reports.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must assume that there
is a quorum here. However, I do not object,
as there is a quorum present, no doubt.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 4019) authorizing the Secretary of War to
deliver condemned ordnance to certain organ-
izations for monumental purposes, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
1 was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3999) to amend
an act entitled "An act making appropriations
I for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870," approved March 3, 1869,
reported it without amendment.
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 4008) to con-
firm the purchase by the executive department
! on the 8th of September, 1868, of a certain
| tract of land at Omaha, Nebraska, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. N o. 3279) to amend
an act entitled '"An act to authorize the sale
of certain public property," approved June
10,1872, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3302) to aid
in the erection of a monument to the memory
; of Major General George H. Thomas, reported
t it without amendment.
| He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 8434) to pro-
I vide for the establishment of a large arsenal
: of construction and repair, a powder depot
and a proving ground at suitable points east of
, the Allegheny mountains, and for the discon-
tinuance and disposal of some of the smaller
arsenals, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
i was referred the bill (S. No. 1607) donating
condemned cannon and cannon balls to the
Gettysburg Battle-Field Memorial Associa-
tion, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 4026) for the
relief of the States and Territories for issues
of arms and ordnance stores made them for
the maintenance and preservation of the U nion,
reported adversely thereon, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIIS.
Mr. RANSOM. I ask leave of the gentle-
