740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tanuary 21,
cover the whole thing and put it in language
that a naval architect will understand, as a
«vil architect would understand what you
want if you ask for a plan of a house.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maine suggest that modification ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do, and I understand the
Senator from Ohio to agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. The chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs says
that besides the model, which relates rather
to the form of the outside of the ship, there
are always plans inside.
Mr. CRAGIN. The word " drawings" will
cover those.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. CRAGIN. The correction should be
made in two places.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I wish to
say a very few words upon this bill.
I prefer the House bill to the Senate bill, as
a whole and in every part of it. Though the
effect of one of the provisions in the House
bill, which I regard as a valuable provision,
should be to delay the completion of these
vessels I' do not regard that as a conclusive
objection. I refer to the provision requiring
the plans and estimates to be reported to Con-
gress for approval. I know of no existing
or probable contingency to render any very
great haste necessary in the construction of
these vessels. It is true that from some of the
best informed and most judicious Senators
here we have heard intimations, very vague
in their language, however, of something in
the future; which something is of such a
character as to render it highly essential that
these ten vessels should be built with the least
possible delay. It strikes me, if there is any
such danger impending in the near future, it
cannot be a very serious danger. If it were
a serious danger, it is very clear that these ten
vessels of war would amount to little or noth-
ing one way or the other.
Without any vainglory, but accepting what
is the common consent of mankind nowadays,
I suppose the United States may be considered
one of the great Powers of the earth. To say
that a great Power of the earth is to find safety
from any danger, present or prospective, in the
building of ten small vessels of war, is to say
something that strikes me as an exceeding
inconsistency, to say tlio least of it. Therefore
I dismiss altogether the idea that there is any
state of things now existing, or reasonably to
be apprehonded, to render any special haste
necessary for the construction of these vessels.
I adhere, therefore, to the provision of the
House bill requiring a report to Congress of
the plans and estimates before anything else is
done.
On still another gronnd I prefer the House
bill, because of a provision which seems to
have mel no favorable consideration fiom our
Naval Committee. 1 speak now of the pro-
vision requiring that "the models, plans,
specifications, and estimates for the vessels
shall be procured from naval or civil marine
architects, subject to public competition and
for suitable stipulated rewards, upon adver-
tisement and that they shall then "be sub-
mitted to and passed upon by a competent
board of naval officers" under the direction
of the Secretary of the Navy.
I know of no reason why such a provision
should not be in this bill. It, is not in any
degree reflecting on the Secretary of the Navy
to say that he can be greatly aided in this
whole matter of the construction of these
ships of war by the advice and assistance of a
competent board of naval officers. We have
heard much of the confidence of Senators in
the Secretary of the Navy. What, has this to
do with it? If anything is clear this is clear,
that it is not a matter of confidence or the
want of confidence in the Secretary of the
Navy. He, I think, was not brought up to
the sea from his youth. Like a good many
of us here, whatever he knows of the sea he
learned doubtless in the courts of admiralty.
Most certainly, if I were the Secretary of the
Navy, I should not resent it at all though Con-
gress required me to have at my side in the
construction of these vessels a competent
board of naval officers. I should rather
regard it as relieving me from a great part of
a responsibility which must be onerous if con-
centrated on me alone.
I confess I have been very often during this
debate surprised to hear gentlemen say, " Let
us leave everything to the Secretary of the
Navy." Why not then pass your bill in ten
lines and say, that the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized to build ten vessels of any
material, size, or class, either as to tonnage or
armament, at any cost, and within any time
that he sees fit? In that way, if it is a ques-
tion of the utmost confidence in the Secretary
of the Navy, you can express a degree of con-
fidence that is pretty nearly unlimited. But
as this Government of ours is, at least by the
uninitiated many, supposed to be a respons-
ible Government, it seems to me that the bill
as it came from the House, being a bill careful
in its provisions and thoroughly guarded, is in
every respect preferable to the bill reported
here from the Naval Committee, especially in
the provision for a naval board. If there be
anything in the experience of other nations
upon the point, this provision is essential. Un-
less I am misinformed, they have in Great
Britain, in France, and in some others of the
maritime countries of Europe, their war ships
always built under the general supervision
of a naval board. If the system is a good
thing there, why is it not a good thing here?
Why must we reject the experience of all the
world besides?
I do not wish to go into the utterly dis-
heartening and dreary history of our Navy for
some years past. I do not speak, of course,
of the Navy or its exploits in the war. No
man with any regard for the truth of history
can undervalue them. So long as valor, skill,
and devotion in the most trying scenes in
which men are ever called upon to exhibit
them are honored among men, the exploits of
the Navy in the war can never be forgotten.
I speak now of the civil administration of
our Navy Department. I say I do not choose
to go into it. The general summing up of the
whole appears to be that the more money
we have spent upon our Navy the less we
have got for it. The whole service has been
steadily declining in efficiency for the past four
or five years. So Hue is this, that the great
appeal made to us by the friends of this bill
is that, practically, to-day we are "without a
navy." ^ "Without a navy," sir, after an
expenditure of from nineteen to twenty two
or twenty-three million dollars every year for
the last four years! "Without a navy!"
For what have we spent more than $20,000,000
a year for four years, if at the end we are
"without a Navy?" " Our Navy is without a
single ship," exclaimed one Senator in advo-
cating this bill. "No navy not a single
ship "—at the end of nearly four years and an
expenditure of almost $85,000,000! Surely
this is a result which demonstrates an utter
want of good administration somewhere ; and
precisely in that quarter where we ought to
have it. Yet, in the face of all this, Senators
reject the well-considered and guarded pro-
visions of the House bill, and present here
and urge a bill which practically continues the
same administration—which amounts, in their
own language, to " leaving everything to the
Secretary of the Navy." We have "left
everything to the Secretary of the Navy" for
about four years past. We have given him
many millions of money, whether always up
to his estimates or not I am not able to say,
but I imagine generally pretty near to them.
Yet the result of the whole, the humiliating
result, is, at the end of nearly four years and
of almost $85,000,000 spent, that to-day, in
the language of the friends of this bill on this
floor, the country is " without a navy."
We are further told that by reason of some
state of facts, not now existing perhaps, but
which may exist at any day in the future—an
intimation which we all understand—it is abso-
lutely essential to have these ten sloops of
war built without delay; so essential, that we
are to reject the provision of the House re-
quiring the plans, specifications, and estimates
for these ten war vessels to be presented to
Congress before they are finally adopted.
Upon one ground all the advocates of the
bill were entirely agreed. That ground was
the necessities of our foreign commerce. The
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] to whom
I listened with pleasure, as I always do, and
to whom I nearly always listen with much in-
struction, spoke of the necessity of this num-
ber of vessels as " a police of the seas." That
comes practically to the same thing—a police
for the security of our foreign commerce.
Now, sir, what foreign commerce have we
got? So far as American bottoms are con-
cerned, we have next to no foreign commerce.
So far as foreign commerce under the Ameri-
can flag is concerned, the United States to-
day are almost an inland Power. That plea
for these new war vessels is void of merit or
substance. I heard and approve what my
colleague [Mr. Cole] suggested, that instead
of spending so much money for which a Navy
where all the time we get so very little in
return—instead of spending millions in the
attempt to keep up a Navy where the result
is at the end of four years that " we have no
Navy," as we are told, we had a great deal
better take some of our money proposed to
be expended in this bill and invest it in the
development of a foreign commerce in a
merchant marine of our own.
Whether wood or iron is the best material
for the building of ships of war I suppose is
still a very serious question. The Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] urged that point
yesterday with much force. 1 think the ex-
perience of our own Navy is that the best ships
we have to-day are not iron ships, by whieh,
of course, I do not speak of armored ships,
but wooden ships; while the ships which dis-
tinguished themselves in the war were most of
them wooden ships, the keels of which were
laid and the ships themselves launched before
the first breath of civil war. The Hartford,
the Brooklyn, the Wabash, and others of their
sisters, are names honorable in the civil con-
flicts, happily ended, nearly eight years ago.
To that extent I rather agree to the memor-
able words of our great sea captain, Farragut,
" Iron hearts in wooden ships."
That the nations of Europe have in their
merchant marine s,o largely resorted to iron as
a material for ships, I am not willing to con-
cede settles the case in favor of iron. With
England, for instance, timber was scarce ; iron
was plentiful. By the employment of iron in
her merchant marine, she gave an immense
impulse to her great iron interest. It was
natural and wise that she should have so acted ;
that she should have preferred a material of
her own manufacture, which she could have
cheaper than she could have timber, in the
construction of her merchant marine. But I
do not understand that it ever yet has been
conclusively decided that for the ship of war,
not the armored ship, but for the ordinary
ship of war, iron is a better material than
wood.
I observe as another specimen of the want
of just consideration of this bill in the commit-
tee that, though it is proposed to build some
of these ships of wood, no provision is made
in regard to the white-oak which necessarily
enters into their construction to a large extent.
It is, I believe, pretty well known that the
