1873.
the congressional globe.
1?01
man who hag charge of the regular order, to
make a report from a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Chair will receive
it if there be no objection.
Mr. RANSOM. The select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 16S0) to remove
the political disabilities of David Coleman, of
Buncombe county, North Carolina, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment. Jt is unanimously reported from the
committee, and I ask for its present consid-
eration. It will cause no discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are two or three
bills upon this Calendar which, if we could go
to the Calendar as we ought to, would be dis-
posed of at once. They do not interept ray
constituents but interest the puhlic service,
but they never will be reached unless we go on
with the Calendar. I do not want to object, to
my friend.
Mr. RANSOM. This bill •will is\p. but a
minute to pass. It is approved by everybody.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So are the bills which
have been reported for days, to which I refer.
Nobody objects to them ; but if we take up all
the time in considering bills that are reported
now, the people of whom I am speaking are
really put in the wrong and are never reached,
for the reason that they were reported too
early; they ought to have been kept back and
reported now. I submit that to my friend
from North Carolina, but I do not object to
his bill.
Mr. RANSOM. I am very much obliged
to my friend.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it say "political
disabilities?"
Mr. RANSOM. Yes, sir; "political dis-
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is foe buncombe,
I think I will not object. [Laughter.]
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting therefor.
order of business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to find out whether
a bill reported some days ago, stands the
same chance with one reported now. There-
fore, I ask unanimous consent to take up the
bill (S. No. 1321) for the relief of officers at
Chicago, Illinois.
Mr. COLE. TheSenatorfromVermontpre-
sents such a strong argument for going to the
Calendar, and as that bill is a little ways on
the Calendar, I think we had better approach
it in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California object?
Mr. COLE. I must unless we go to the
Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly right,
and I do not complain of it. I hope the Sen-
ator from California will get his wisdom a little
earlier next* time, and go to the Calendar in
the first instance.
Mr. COLE. Better late than not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So it is. I forgive my
friend from California, and hope he will do
better next time.
agricultural colleges.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The agri-
cultural college bill is before the Senate, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio to the amendment of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there is no quorum,
3 suggest to the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
wkktj that the Army appropriation bill had
.better be read through to save time.
Mr. EDMUNDS, No, sir, 1 object to that
after what the Senator from California has
said. Let us have the regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. All right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
(S. No. 693) to provide for the further endow-
ment and support of colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts, and the
liberal and practical education of the industrial
classes in the several pursuits and professions
in life, as established under an act of Congress
approved July 2, 1862, is before the Senate,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division; but
I lo not desire to force a division now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After what the Senator
from California has said, I must insist on the
regular order.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from California
said nothing against going to the Calendar.
Mr. EDilUNDS. Certainly not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A division
is called for on the amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to
have the amendment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is:
commencing in line thirty-three, of section
three of the House amendment, to strike out the
wor: s " Smithsonian Institute, to be expended
under the direction of the Board of Regents
of said institution for the support of the na-
tional museum and in distributing specimens
and publications to the colleges named in this
act, and to other institutions," and in lieu
thereof to insert " support of common schools
iu said District."
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I should not
object to a fair judgment of the Senate upon
this amendment, if it were not fatal to the bill
to send it back to the House. I am perfectly
aware that if we make any amendment to the
bill it will be lost in the other House.
Mr. THURMAN. The proposition, then, of
the Senator from Vermont is that this bill,
however imperfect it may be, or however
erroneous it may be, must be passed precisely
as it comes from the House; that we must not
amend it in any particular whatsoever, because
if we do it may not get through the House at
this session. I submit that there is no such
pressing necessity for the consideration of this
bill, that the Senate should pass it in an imper-
fect or erroneous shape. It is no bill upon
which the, fate of the Republic depends. It
is no bill for which there is any pressing neces-
sity whatsoever; and it is a strange thing, it
seems to me, to urge upon the Senate to reject
an amendment, which no Senator I venture to
say can calmly consider and not approve, be-
cause forsooth the bill, if amended, may be
lost in the other House!
Why, sir, what is this amendment of my
colleague? The bill, as I understand it, pro-
vides that the share of these funds which would
fairly belong to the District of Columbia shall
all be appropriated to the use of the Smith-
sonian Institution, not one dollar of it to any
school in this District; and it is to be expended
for a museum in the Smithsonian Institute,
not one dollar to teach any youth iu this Dis-
trict, the very place of all others in which the
Government of the United States if it intends
to spend money for education ought to expend
it. Why, sir, what is the fact ? Who are the
children that go to school in this District?
Perhaps twenty-five per cent, of them are the
children of officers and employes of the Gov-
ernment, who pay not one single dollar of
taxes to this District; and jet their children
are entitled to the privileges of the common
schools, although the parents contribute not
one dollar to the support of those schools.
Every child of a clerk in one of your Depart-
ments, every child of the head of a bureau,
every child of any public officer living here,
although that officer or clerk may own not one
dollar of property in this District, and pay not
one cent of taxes, is entitled to the benefit of
the public schools.
Then, perhaps twenty-five per cent, more
of the children are the children of colored
people who have flocked to this District; my
friend from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] says more
than that, and I think with him that it is more
than that, perhaps one third are the children
of colored people who have flocked into this
District, who have been iu fact invited into this
District by you, who have been invited here
by your laws and by your benevolent contri-
butions from year to year, and the children of
whom go to the public schools, while not one
of a hundred of the parents pays one dollar of
public taxes.
So I venture to assert that of the children
educated in the public schools in this Dis-
trict more than half of them are children of
parents who do not contribute one dollar to
the support of those schools ; many of them,
as I said, the children of public officers and
employ6s here, and the others the children of
colored people whose parents are unable to
contribute by taxation to their support. Now,
sir, if there is a place on the face of this
Republic in which the Government of the
United States should contribute to support
the schools, it is precisely in this District
which is under the exclusive jurisdiction of
Congress, over which Congress has exclusive
powers of legislation ; and it is in the condi-
tion I have mentioned in respect to its schools,
that is to say, half the children being children
of parents who pay no taxes to support those
schools.
And yet, sir, this bill proposes to take this
money, the proceeds of the public lands, and
devote it to doing what ? To setting up a show
over here at the Smithsonian Institution. That
is about the amount of it. There is more
museum there now than anybody makes any
use of. What is to be the end of this, I should
like to know, if we are to go on in the way that
this bill proposes and in the way that some
of our appropriations have been made in times
past in regard to this institution ? Sir, I do
not know. I was in the other House when
the bill passed for the creation of the Smith-
sonian Institution; and I remember very well
that then a Senator from my own State eon-
tended very strenuously that that should be
made the nucleus of a great institution similar
to the Garden of Plants in Paris, and that the
plan was one which would not do at all; but
I remember that the Congress of that day
would not listen to any such thing as that,
but that they undertook to devote that fund
which had been bequeathed by Smithson, in
such a way that the interest upon it might sus-
tain a modest institution in the city of Wash-
ington. Now we propose to enlarge it. You
will not have any garden of plants here, if
you give the ground all away to a railroad, and
you have given one part of it, and I do not
know how soon it will be before you give away
the rest of it to some other railroad. You
leave no room for a garden of plants there
any more; but we can have a museum, for-
sooth I Mr. President, I will not argue it.
Give the money, if you will give it to this Dis-
trict, to educate these poor children who are
running around the streets; but do not give it
for any such purpose as is contemplated by
this bill, and do not be deterred from doing
what is right for fear of losing this bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I do not agree with the Senator from Ohio
that the interests, I will not say the fate of
the Republic, are not wrapped up and involved
in this bill. I believe that the interests of this
country are involved in having these institu-
tions established.
As to the amendment now pending, if this
were the first day of the session, 1 should be
opposed to it. There is no provision in this
bill, as I understand it, to make any endow-
