1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
Senator supposes there is not a quorum, he
can test it by a motion to adjourn very readily ;
and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Tbe question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 1, noes 40; so the Senate
refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the amendment
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, erf Vermont. Upon that I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am paired with the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. COOPER. Upon this vote the Senator
from California [Mr. Casserly] ispairedwith
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.] '
Mr. EDMUNDS. Upon all questions con-
nected with this bill I am paired with the
Senator from'New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.] I
should vote against all amendments that have
been suggested as intended to defeat the bill,
and he would vote for them.
Mr. LOGAN. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Fenton.] He would vote "yea" if present—at
least I presume so—and I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 21 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Coop-
er, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Sdichigan, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Machen, Morton, Pratt. Ramsey, Bice,
Robertson, Sherman, Thuman, Tipton, West, Wil-
son, and Windom—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham. Clayton, Cragin, Davis, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hamlin, Harlan, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Patterson, Pool, Ransom, Scott,
Spencer. Spragao, Stewart, and Viokers—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Blair, Caldwell. Cameron, Casserly, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ponton, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Saywers, Schurx, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wright—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. PRATT. I propose the following
amendment to come in 011 page 7, line twenty-
five, after the word "dollars:"
Provided further, That before receiving the mon-
eys herein provided for apportionment, the trustees
or boards of managers of said colleges to whom the
same shall be payable shall execute a bond with
security to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury for the safe-keeping and due application
of said moneys aceordiug to the true intent of this
act.
Mr. President, this amendment explains
itself. The bill contemplates that one fourth
of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands for each fiscal year shall be apportioned
among the States and the District of Colum-
bia in equal shares, and shall be paid over to
the trustees or boards of managers of these
institutions. Now, assuming that the sales of
the public lands in any single year would
amount to $3,000,000, one fourth part of that
would be $7o0,000, which apportioned among
the different States and the District of Colum-
bia. thirty-eight in number, would amount to
within a fraction of $20,000 to each State or
to each institution entitled to this money m a
State. For this there is 110 security, as I
understand it, provided for in this bill, and
the purpose of this amendment is to secure the
safe-keeping and proper application of these
moneys according to the true intent of this act.
That is the whole of it. The amendment is so
reasonable in itself that it, ought to be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER; The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the House of
Representatives. ,11
Mr. BOREMAN. It will be seen by look-
ing at the last line in the first section that this
monev is to bo received and appropriated on
such conditions as to the application and man-
agement of the sum hereby appropriated as
are prescribed in the act hereinbefore men-
UOriua l the act of 3SG2. Tbe act of 1862,
my recollection is, provided for the safe-keep-
ing and use of this fund. At all events it is
guarded precisely as the fund distributed under
the act of 1862, whatever that may be. Ac
cording to that act it is under the supervision
of the State authorities. These managers or
trustees are appointed by State authority.
The States can require of the trustees or man-
agers such security as may be necessary for
the preservation of this fund and its proper
application.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator allow me
to ask for information in what part of this bill,
he finds the provision applying any of the safe-
guards of the other bill to this money ?
Mr. BOREMAN. I find in the first section
of the substitute these words: " on such con-
ditions as to the application and management
of the sum hereby appropriated as are pre-
scribed in the act hereinbefore mentioned."
Mr. WINDOM. On such conditions as to
the application and management, but there
is nothing in it requiring any bond or refer-
ring to any law that does require a bond.
Mr. BOREMAN. As I remarked, the
trustees or managers are appointed by State
authority. The States for their own security,
no doubt, require of them all that is necessary
for the preservation and proper administration
of this fund; and this is precisely according
to the act of 1862. I will look it up in a
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the House of
Representatives. '
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section :
That the different colleges and institutions which
may receive the benefits of the provisionsof this act
shall, in the reception, instruction, and graduation
of pupils, make no distinction on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
Mr. BOREMAN, I wish to say that so far
as I am concerned, and I apprehend so far as
the friends of this bill are concerned, they
would have no objection whatsoever to that
amendment were it not for the fact that it
would result in the defeat of this bill, and
therefore I vote against it.
Mr. MORTON. I regard this amendment
as a very important one.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. May I ask my
friend one question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Iaskmyfriend
whether he will vote for the bill if we put the
amendment in?
Mr. MORTON. I certainly will not vote
for it without.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is not my
question.
Mr. MORTON. I am not bound to answer
the Senator's question. I have a right to
offer an amendment to a bill I am not for. It
is my privilege to attempt to improve the bill
as much as possible.
Here we are appropriating, it is said by the
Senator from Minnesota, not less than seventy
or eighty million dollars for the building up
of institutions. There can be no harm and
there may be much good in putting a provision
of this kind into that great gift. We know
not what may happeu in some of the States ot
this Union in four, eight, or twelve years; we
know not what revolutions may take place.
This Government ought never to vote a dollar
of money for this purpose without putting into
the bill a condition and a guarantee that the
institutions that are to be built up and sus-
taiued by it shall be opeu to men of all races
and colors without regard to their previous
condition.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I have been informed, since the adjourn-
ment this afternoon, that in the State of West
Virginia there is an institution founded under
the act of 1862, from which persons of color
are excluded. I doubted the information, and
I would inquire of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia who spoke a moment ago whether such
be the fact ?
Mr. BOREMAN. I think it is not. I do
not recollect the provision of the act of the
Legislature, but so far as I am advised it is
not the case.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. My inform-
ant is a citizen of West Virginia. I know
nothing about it myself.
Mr. BOREMAN. The question has never
been raised there. So far as- I know, no col-
ored person has ever made application for ad-
mission to that institution. I know, however,
that it is in a very flourishing condition, with
some one hundred and sixty or ODe hundred
and seventy students attending it regularly,
and it is in successful operation and one of the
most flourishing institutions in the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. Are there any colored
persons there?
Mr. BOREMAN. Not a colored person in
it, so far as I know. If I were to give an
opinion, which it would not be proper for me
to do, I would say that I feel confident there
was nothing said on that subject in the act of
Assembly organizing that institution. I have
read it frequently, and I have no recollection
of it.
Mr. ALCORN. I for one have certainly no
objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, and I would vote'for it if it did
not come in the questionable shape of antag-
onism to the bill. The State from which I
come already provides by an afct of the Legis-
lature of the State that there shall be no dis-
tinction in the schools, or in hotels, or upon
public highways, or elsewhere where the law
of the State extends itself. We have there
that equality before the law which we should
be glad to see extended everywhere, and I ap-
prehend that the legislation which the Senator
from Indiana proposes is not necessary to the.
legal admission of any such citizens of this
Union info any of the colleges that are founded
under this bill. By legal right under the civil
rights bill, under the enforcement act, under
all the laws that have been passed by Congress
relating to this particular subject, the colored
children of the country would have a right to
demand admission into any of these schools.
It is true that the Legislatures of the States
have the right, it seems to me, to adjust this
matter of color to suit themselves. We have
adjusted it in Mississippi, and the colored peo-
ple, and the white people, in one accord, have
seen proper to adjust it in the State of Missis-
sippi to suit themselves.
Mr. MORTON. How?
Mr. ALCORN. By establishing different
colleges and different institutions.
Mr. MORTON. But suppose you only have
one agricultural college.
Mr. ALCORN. If we have but one, we
will admit all; and when the colored people
desire to come and mix with the white people
in schools, our laws say that they shall come.
They desire no such thing. They are as much
wedded to their own color as are the white
people in the country, and they prefer to go
with their own color. We have a pride of
race and pride of people; and I am glad to
say that it exists among the colored people as
well as among the white people. ....
As I said to-day, the people of Mississippi
and of the southern States, so far as I am able
to judge, are in accord in support of tnis bill.
When the war ended, allow me to repeat, the
people of the South had only their land and
their muscle. The Government turned loose,
and made free, and made citizens of four mil-
lion of people clothed in rags and without a
syllable of education. _
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask my friend
a question.
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask my friend from Mis-
