744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
January 21,
panies in the several Territories, and that the
same be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I object.
sioux reservation.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the
Public Lands the bill (H. R. No. 3326) for
the relief of settlers on the late Sioux Indian
reservation in the State of Minnesota.
Mr. COX. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
admission of colorado.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
begins at twelve o'clock and forty-seven min-
utes p.m., and the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 148) to enable
the people of Colorado to form a constitution
and State Government for the admission of
said State into the Union on an equal footing
with original States.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
on the Territories propose to occupy only one
morning hour upon this bill, for the reason
that the Committee on Appropriations seem
to be nervous about their business, and would
call the previous question to-day, but a num-
ber of gentlemen who desire to speak have
asked what direction the discussion would
take, and I have told them that a reasonable
time would be allowed for discussion before
the previous question was called. The friends
of the bill are willing that a vote shall be
taken at any time, at the close of this morning
hour. At the same time I should prefer that
the morning hour of to-day should be taken
up in discussion, and that some time should
be fixed for taking a vote upon the bill. It is
not the intention of the Committee on the
Territories to occupy in the morning hour an
unreasonable time in the consideration of this
bill; but in view of the position taken by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potteb,]
which would forever exclude any new State
from admission, the question seems of suffi-
cient importance to occupy the attention of
the House for some reasonable time.
Mr. SHANKS. In what position does this
bill stand in relation to amendments?
The SPEAKER. The bill is pending with
such amendments as the rules permit.
Mr. SHANKS. I offered some amendments
myself.
The SPEAKER. They came in by unani-
mous consent, and will be voted upon in their
order.
Mr. TAFFE. I am willing to incorporate
the gentleman's amendments in the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. Very well.
Mr. TAFFE. I would suggest that the morn-
ing hour of to-day be taken up in discussion
and that at two o'clock to-morrow a vote be
taken on the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Suppose the morning
hour does not embrace all the time up to two
o'clock to morrow ?
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will go
over.
Mr. TAFFE. I expect to yield a great por-
tion of my hour to other gentlemen; but I
would like to have some understanding as to
the time when a vote shall be taken on the
bill.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter within
the gentleman's control.
Mr. TAFFB. I ask, then, that a vote be
taken at two o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. At two o'clock to-mor-
roiv the Committee on Commerce are entitled
to the floor.
Mr. TAFFE. Then I will say half past
one.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman de-
mands the regular order after the reading
of the Journal, he will get a vote by that
hour.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask a vote on the merits
of the bill, that it shall be either passed or
recommitted.
Mr. CONGER. At the close of the morn-
ing hour to-morrow the Committee on Com-
merce have the floor.
The SPEAKER. Precisely; but this will
not interfere with the assignment of the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from
Nebraska yields to me to offer an amend-
ment in the nature of an additional section,
which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in ady
State formed under the provisions of this bill the
right of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by reason of sex.
Mr. TAFFE. That is admitted on the same
conditions as the other amendments.
Mr. SARGENT. It is to be considered as
pending.
Mr. TAFFE. It is not my intention to
occupy much of the time of the House, nor
should I have occupied any of it but for the
extraordinary positions which have been as-
sumed by the gentlemen from New York,
[Mr. E. H. Roberts and Mr. Potter.] The
point they make, when their arguments are
boiled down and stripped of all verbiage, is
this: that a Territory must have a population
equal to New York before it can be admitted,
on account of the senatorial representation.
I will ask the gentleman from the Utica
district [Mr. E. H. Roberts] if he would now
vote for the admission of Colorado if it had
two hundred thousand population, several
thousand more than that required by the last
apportionment act? And I will give the gen-
tleman time to reply if he will give me a cate-
gorical answer. [After a short pause.] I
know the gentleman is not on the witness
stand, but 1 really desire an answer.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. In answer to the
question addressed to me by the gentleman
from Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe,] I say very dis-
tinctly that I will not vote for the admission
of any State that does not have such a popu-
lation as would entitle it under the present
apportionment law to one Representative. If
I myself were to fix the standard, I would re-
quire that any new State coming into the Union
should have at least a population that would
entitle it to two Representatives in Congress.
That is my personal opinion, and I am ready to
vote accordingly and to take the responsibility
of such a vote. The gentleman will excuse
me il' I say for myself that I do not ask and
do not expect that any new State shall have a
population equal to that of New York. But I
do ask that the greatest State shall not have
new badges of inferiority set upon it.
Mr. TAFFE. I will read from the gentle-
man's own remarks:
"By the ratio of one to sixteen, that assumed in
1787 to exist botween Delaware and Virginia, no
State should now bo admitted with less than two
hundred and forty-eight thousand inhabitants while
New York stands unchanged. As the nation grows
the Federal unit increases. That unit now ought
indeed to he greater than at the forming of the Con-
stitution by the whole ratio of increase in popula-
tion. The spirit of the Constitution requires that
any new State asking' for admission should have
attained to the stature of the Federal unit so estab-
lished."
He says " no State should now be admitted
with less than two hundred and forty-eight
thousand inhabitantsthat is his minimum.
But the gentleman does not say that he would
vote for the admission of any new State, even
with a population of two hundred and forty-
eight thousand.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will say that the point I made
is that the compromise of the Constitution is
simply that the ratio of population between
States ought not to be worse for the large
States than it was in 1787 ; and that ratio is,
as I stated the other day, or as it was assumed
in the debates of the Convention in 1787, as
one to sixteen between the States of Virginia
and Delaware. The compromises of the Con-
stitution go no further than that. The ratio
of the smallest State to that of the largest
State should be that which existed in 1787
between Delaware and Virginia. Colorado,
therefore, instead of being to New York as
one to one hundred and nine, should be as
one to sixteen, before it asks for admission
under the compromises of the Constitution.
Mr. TAFFE. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; he has stated a little too much. I will
admit what he says about the original com-
promises of the Constitution. But they did
not provide or imply, and no debate upon the
Constitution indicated, that that_ same rule
should obtain after the Constitution was
adopted. The gentleman chooses to say:
"Colorado comes like a mailed knight and de-
mands a seat at the round table of the nation. The
Committee oil the Territories is not a stern guar-
dian, and is content to let him work his will. It
will be far better if Congress shall, like the mother
of (iareth, impose at least some service, some period
of probation."
Now, I think the Territories ought to feel
obliged for the compliment; and I thinfe the
country ought to congratulate itself that there
is at least one man on this floor who is willing
to stand at the portal and repel any imperti-
nent intrusion of this aggressive mailed knight
who seeks admission to the round table of the
nation, and to assume a protectorate at the same
time over a weak committee, a part of which
is from his own State. I think the country
ought to feel rejoiced that there is one valiant
and patriotic member who has the courage
and ability to do that in a proper manner, and
to keep out this mailed knight, not referring to
his happy allusion to the gender of this meek
Territory seeking admission into the Union.
I will not dwell further upon the objections
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
E. H. Roberts,] except to say that he claims
to represent one of the ''body" States, as he
chooses to call them—Pennsylvania and New
York are the body of the Union. The wings
are also described by the gentleman. It is, to
say the least, a sorry bird which the gentleman
has given us, one with a body and wings, leav-
ing us to conjecture what are the rest of the
members and usual appendages. New York
and Pennsylvania are the body; the gentle-
man represents the New York hemisphere,
and somebody else here I suppose represents
the Pennsylvania hemisphere of the ponder-
ous body of that bird, one of whose wings is in
New England and the other in the West. The
rest of the bird, the useful as well as the
ornamental, is left to conjecture.
Now, I am surprised that the gentleman
quotes the population of Colorado in 1860.
fhere was no such Territory in existence iu
1860. He sets up a man of straw to knock it
down, in saying that in population there was
but thirty-four thousand, in order to show that
the Territory has not increased for a decade.
Colorado was not then in existence; there
was at that time no such territorial organiza-
tion. I do not know where the gentleman
gets his statistics upon that point, perhaps
from Samuel Bowles, the author of "Across
the Continent;" but at any rate, as there was
no such Territory at that time, the gentleman's
argument upon that point goes for naught.
Mr. Bowles, I believe, went through that
country in a closed coach at a two-forty rate,
the Indians shooting arrows at the stage as he
went through; and it was in that journey, I
suppose, that he collected the statistics unou
which the gentleman from New York relies,
which would be good enough of course if
there had been any such Territory or any such
population there.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The gentleman will
nnd in the census of the United States for 1870
the population of Colorado given for 18fi0 as
well as 1870.
Mr. TAFFE. I cannot help thai. There
