1873.
■ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T45
was no such Territory then; and how could
they take the census when there was nothing
to take arid no place to take it in?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Of course the gen-
tleman cannot get rid of the facts of the cen-
sus ; that is precisely the difficulty with the
gentleman.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to hare the gen-
tleman explain how he gets the census of Col-
orado for 1860.
Mr. E. EL ROBERTS. From the official
publication made by the authority of the Census
Bureau.
Mr. TAFFE. There was no such Territory
then, as I hare said; and I wish to ask the
gentleman distinctly how he gets the census
of Colorado for a period when there was no
Colorado 1 How can he tell the age of a child
five years before it was born ? [Laughter. J
I know that some fellow went out there—from
Atchison, I believe—and took the census of
the miners, who went there from all portions
of the country, who declared that there was
no gold there, who mobbed newspaper offices
and levied contributions on Omaha and Ne-
braska City because of representations which
had been made as to the mineral wealth of
that country. There was a stampede from the
eastern States. Loafers and " bummers '' from
New York city and other large cities went out
there, and because they could not pick np a
fortune in a day came back and mobbed re-
spectable people, levied contributions upon
them, and said there was no gold or silver or
other mineral wealth in the region now em-
braced within the Territory of Colorado. It
may have been from such sources that Mr.
Samuel Bowles collected his information when
he was flying through that country in a closed
stage with the Indians after him, but I never
knew that Samuel Bowles was authority for
census statistics in this country; and I still
wish the gentleman to understand that there
was no such Territory at the period to which
these figures refer.
Mr. Speaker, admitting all that, however,
the census of 1870 is no criterion as to the
present population of the Territory. Upon
the general subject I ask the Clerk to read
what I have marked in the paper which I
setisi to the desk—the Federalist, a journal
recently published in New York city, which I
think discloses the real objection in this case.
The Clerk read as follows.:
"It must be by this time evident to all thinking
men that the State rights theory of our Constitu-
tion, however well adapted to the condition of this
country a century ago, is utterly inconsistent with
its good government to-day. The notion that the
Federal Government shall create States such as
Nevada, Nebraska, &c„ outof any little community
it chooses, and clothe these States with a sovereignty
that may contravene and set at defiance the laws
and policy of their creator, was absurd enough to
condemn itself, did it not possess a sort of historical
apology for its existence." * * * * *
"In a word, we want but one Government for all
affairs of national interest, not forty; we want one
set of rulers, not forty sets; we want one code of
laws, not forty codes; we want one fountain of jus-
tice, notforty sluices of infamous corruption, as now.
We can then afford to pay the officers of our Gov-
ernment and our national legislators respectable
salaries, and so render their places inviting to men
of intellect and probity. With the wretched and
ruinous farce of State sovereignty abolished, and
five hundred of the bestmen in the land filling Con-
gress and the chief executive offices, this coun-
try can be so governed as to insure both freedom and
happiness to its people; with a continuance of the
present system it must inevitably fall a prey to
demagogues and usurpers, to civil war, to anarchy
and to tjrauny."
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Tf the gentleman
from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] will allow me, I
will tell him where 1 got the population of
Colorado for 1860. I hold in my hand the first
eight tables of the census of 1S70, and the
population of Colorado for 1860 is given at
34,277, while that for 1870 is given at 89.864.
Thegentloman, perhaps, takes exception to the
tables (or 1870; therefore I beg to cite to him
the preliminary report of the census f.T 1860,
which gives the population of Colorado at
3-4,"J77. .lust what the gentleman's technical
point may be when he maintains that there was
no Colorado in 18601 do not pretend to know.
That there was a Colorado recognized by the
law is shown by official documents. If it is
true the Territory was yery much greater in
1860 than now, it only emphasizes the state-
ment that Colorado is going behind and is not
keeping up with the average of the country in
growth ; that is all.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
says that is all. I think that is enough. I
hold there was no such Territory, nobody
authorized to take a census, no population
there, and I do not believe there was any
boundary at that time. I hold to-day that
tilery are not one hundred people in Colorado
who have been continuously residing there
since 1860. Colorado was organized in 1861,
on the 28th of February of that year. How
could they have a census, then, of Colorado in
1860, when there was no such organization,
no such name, no such territorial existence?
It is something which has been hatched up for
the occasion ; not by the gentleman from New
York, of course.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Was it hatched up
by the Superintendent of the Census ?
Mr. TAFFE. What authority had the Super-
intendent of the Census to take a census of a
Territory which had no existence? I should
like to have the gentleman explain that. There
were no boundaries, no Territory, no name
of this sort at all. While there was a sort of
stampede of loafers and bummers and vaga-
bonds from eastern cities, who expected to go
out there and pick up a fortune in 1859 and
1860, nevertheless, I do not believe there are
at present in Colorado one hundred people
who have had a continuous residence there
since those dates. How then did they take
the census ? That the census of any so called
State, or any Territory which has no boundary
and without name, can be taken, is something
I cannot comprehend. And what I state is
the fact. The record shows when Colorado
was organized; it was organized after the
taking of the census of 1860. It shows there
was no Territory at that time. There was no
change of boundaries, no name, nothing of
the kind; and of course there could have been
no proper census taken. Indeed it is only a
man of straw put up in this House to be
knocked down.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say this as to
my own State, which is not on trial now, but
has been brought in by way of illustration
as it were, in reference to the admission of
Colorado, almost in every paper in the old
States. I wish to remark, in reference to my
own State of Nebraska, that we have forty-five
thousand registered voters. We cast about
twenty-eight thousand votes. There was no
real contest there. We gave eleven thousand
Republican majority, which shows there could
be no interest to bring out the vote. We haye
to-day fifty thousand voters. We have doubled
since the census. We have eleven railroads
and twelve hundred miles of railroad in actual
operation. We raised last year the best average
crop of any State or Territory, in the opinion
of the Commissioner of Agriculture. There-
fore I say there is no hazard in admitting this
State, with similar resources. Colorado is
simply alluded to as a mining Territory. It
is not only a mining Territory, but it has vast
resources besides. It is also a great agricul-
tural and stock raising country.
Gentlemen seem to forget that a great deal
of the resources of one of these new Terri-
tories is not available until they are admitted
as States. The school lands are not available;
the lands set apart for internal improvements,
before referred to, are not available prior to
admission. Taxes in Nebraska are lower than
ever before, and Colorado is so well off that it
does not have to make a levy of taxes at all,
which cannot be said of any of the old States
i will say. Mr. Speaker, that as a general
thins lenitonal governments are nnsatislac-
tory, and the debates in the Convention to
frame the Constitution clearly indicate that it
was never intended we should have such a
territorial system as is now established. We
have nominal citizens of the United States,
with all the obligations of citizens, yet denied
the privileges incident to citizenship. Colo-
rado has paid more than $1,000,000 into the
Treasury of the United States. She responded
nobly daring the late war to the call for troops.
She furnished more troops than any other State
or Territory, as is shown by the records of the
War Department.
A Member. Yon mean according to popu-
lation.
Mr. TAFFE. Of course; I say according
to population Colorado furnished more troops
than any other State or Territory in the Union.
It is an anomaly in our Government that half
a million of people should remain without
representation on this floor and on the floor of
the other House, and yet according to the
doctrine of the gentleman they should forever
remain without representation. It is an
alarming proposition that men are to go West
and help build up and add to the material
resources of the country, without having any
representation whatever here or in the other
branch of Congress.
They cannot choose their own rulers. They
cannot vote for President; they cannot vote
for their judges. You have men out there
without responsibility or interest, and not
amenable to public sentiment; judges, for in-
stance, with regard to whom gentlemen said a
few days ago—a gentleman from Maine, a gen-
tleman from Indiana, and a gentleman from
Illinois—that the reports of the supreme
courts of those Territories were not worth
publishing; and those gentlemen know, of
course, the characters of the men they send
out there.
But you must remember that there are con-
tests about mines involving hundreds of thou-
sands and millions of dollars. In a New
England State or any other State, the people
have control, and a fair hearing and the law
administered, even in cases where no more
than the title to a hen and chickens is involved.
But out there the judges are imported. The
Territories are made a sort of Botany Bay or
political hospital for political convicts and
cripples transported from the East. It is not
a condition of their appointment that they are
learned in the law. It has been asserted that
some of the gentlemen sent out there do not
know a verdict from a venire : but they are to
guf-ss at the law, and they do guess at it, and
judgments are entered and executions issued
on the hazard. Therefore it is of importance
that those reports should be published.
But these gentlemen say that those reports
are not worth being published so long as
the decisions are given by judges sent out
there that they may be rid of their importun-
ities. We know some of them are incompe-
tent, totally and wholly, and therefore the
reports are not intrinsically worth publica-
tion. But I tell those gentlemen that they
do not appreciate the extent of the inteiests
involved—the Emma, Cottonwood, and other
mines involving millions of dollars ; and yet
the class of superannuated cripples to which I
have alluded is commissioned to adjudicate
cases of such vast importance.
Mr. Speaker, if round numbers alone are
to be considered and to obtain hereafter, -if
we are to have no representation for the Ter-
ritories, let us at once wipe out all fractional
representation. A gentleman from New York
city introduced a bill, or an amendment, pro-
viding that no State should be admitted here-
after without the full population required by
the ratio established under the recent appor-
tionment bill. Now, I would like to inquire
if the fractional representation allowed by
Congress to Pennsylvania, Vermont, and other
Statrs did not repeal, pro innln, the statute
fixing that ratio? 1 would like to know if it
