1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
this amendment does not commend itself to
ine. It is a most skillful effort to defeat this
bill, for my friend from Indiana, with his
usual frankness, does not deny that if this
amendment should be adopted he would still
vote agaiust the bill. I am opposed to this
amendment in principle. You might as well
put in the bill that these colleges should admit
men of white complexion as men of dark com-
plexion. We have come to that period in our
history when the distinction between white
and black has been abolished, so far at any rate
as the Federal Goverment is concerned. It
is written in our Constitution, and that Con-
stitution is a part of every law ; and if we un-
dertake to adopt the theory of the amendment
of my friend from Indiana, and insert in this
bill that it shall apply to those who are of a
light complexion, you must put it in every other
law that you pass in Congress. Why put it
into this law more than any other? Why shall
we not reenact the fourteenth amendment in
every statute that we pass as well as in this ?
We have passed from those dark ages when,
if you read a law, you read it with the word
" white" in it. Every law now reads without
discrimination of race or color, and this bill
in terms carefully provides for the very diffi-
culty that my friend suggests. It enacts that
if at any time it shall be made to appear to the
Secretary of the Interior that the provisions of
this act are not in good faith substantially com-
plied with he is to withhold the payment of
the interest on these bonds. Where is the
Senator who will say that it would be in good
faith, substantially complying with the pur-
poses of this act, for one of these institutions
to exclude all excepting whites?
There may be difficulties existing in the
State institutions to which my friend has
directed his attention, but that has nothing to
do with this question. These are Federal in-
stitutions ; they are under our power ; the law
is a part of the Constitution ; and the act itself
provides that unless that fund is in good faith
and substantially applied according to our
purpose, the interest is to be withheld. We
want no other provision than that in this bill.
Mr. TIPTON. The honorable Senator
from New Jersey cannot be permitted so art-
fully to dodge this question. I hold in my
hand a petition addressed to the honorable
Senator from New Jersey and myself and some
other gentlemen. This document is on the
question of the rights of our colored fellow-
citizens in the schools, and it is signed by
Robert Purvis, John M. Langston, W. H. A.
Wormley, George T. Downing, Frederick
Douglass, and a host of our colored fellow-
citizens who sustained us at the polls, and
expect us to sustain them in legislating on the
subject of education. They are becoming a
little shy of gentlemen who have all these
honeyed commendations for them and their
services to the country, but who teed them on
husks and stones when they ask for bread.
They shall speak for themselves.
Mr. FLANAGAN. If the Senator will
&llow me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nebraska yield?
Mr. TIP ION. I do not yield to anybody
but theauthority ofthe Chairman. [Laughter.]
The honorable Senator from New Jersey
must not think 1 am bringing authorities here-
that are not high and are not perfectly legit-
imate in the case. He is a lawyer, Langston
is a lawyer, second perhaps to very few men
who have the same identical requirements that
be has. [Laughter.] As for Frederick Doug-
lass, he is par excellence the popular orator
of this country at the. present time. In the
palmy days of American eloquence 011 the
stump, when Tom Corwin ot Ohio was the
impersonifieation of all that had ever been
exhibited in wit, in irony, in logic, and in dis-
coursive eloquence, Douglass was scarcely a
whit behind him. Therefore the honorable
Senator will not feel sensitive when I bring to
bear upon him the artillery of these his co-
laborers in the cause of God and humanity.
They say in a document addressed to us:
"The Philadelphia convention said in substance
to Congress, then on the eve of adjournment,4 do
not adjourn until all citizens are secured by appro-
priate legislation in their civil rights.' In-the face
of these pledges are we to be outraged much
longer ? Shall we distrust ?"
There begins to be a trembling in the camp
of the allies of the Senator, and they say shall
we distrust? Have promises been made to us
to be broken in the hour in which we expect
the consummation of all our past demands?
And then they come to the specific question
of education in the schools. Here it is:
"The public schools, supported in common by
funds taken alike from our and other citizens' pock-
ets, are made instruments of our degradation. Oar
tender children are taught by separate schools that
they are not so good as other children. White chil-
dren are taught by white schools that colored chil-
dren are inferior and arc to be despised."
And the appeal is to the Senator from New
Jersey and myself that this thing must stop
now and forever.
" Such are the debasing results of the separate
sebool system."
These colored citizens therefore demand of
the Senator and of those who are associated
with him that they do to them that justice
which has been promised them by the Phila-
delphia convention ; that they shall no longer
be outraged by the intimation that their chil-
dren are not as good as yours, and that your
children shall not have their original vanity
and the old Adam developed and fostered by
telling them that they are better than any
other children. Such is the admonition that
comes to us to-night.
" When we fought to save the nation, and subse-
quently, when we deposited ballots, laying aside
bullets, it was not to perpetuate this disgrace; there-
fore we beg you to relieve us from it. Let this Con-
gress do so before it shall adjourn."
Hear ye..
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, if I had
known before I had committed myself so far
as I have in the support of this bill that my
distinguished friend was armed with a letter
absolutely written to himself, I do not know
that 1 would have proceeded so far.
Mr. TIPTON. It is addressed " to the
honorable members of the Forty-Second Con-
gress of all parties." [Laughter.]
Mr. FLAN AGAN. Yes, sir, that suits you
exactly—"of all parties." I belong to but
one party, [laughter,] and one party is all
that I desire to belong to. I think my friend
is probably laboring under a misapprehension.
Some half an hour since, it is true, there was
a bill up from the good old county of Bun-
combe in North Carolina ; but that is disposed
of, and I do not know that there is any neces-
sity now to Buncombize further on this subject.
But, sir, I asked my friend in the course
of his remarks if he would permit me to
propound an interrogatory to him. "By no
means," he replied. Well, in that I think he
was very correct, particularly if we had felt
disposed to pass him by so kindly, as I have
no doubt he would desire to be passed. But
now, sir, I wish to ask him the question,
whether, if this amendment which he eulo-
gizes so powerfully and so eloquently be
adopted, he will become a supporter of the
bill?
Mr. TIPTON. If that amendment be
adopted by the majority of the Senate, I will
vote for the bill.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am glad to hear it.
It will strengthen it if you do. It is very
gratifying to me.
Now, sir, so far as I am concerned, there is
nothing in that amendment that I dislike. I
advocate the principle of it to the very utmost
extent; but it is ampiy provided for already,
as has been well said by the distinguished
Senator from New Jersey, and there is no
necessity on the part of the friends of that
bill thus from time to time to spring it upon
the intelligence of the Senate of the United
States. It might do for a demagogue at a
cross-roads meeting or something of that kind,
but we are towering above anything pertaining
to that idea in this enlightened day. It is
numbered with the things that were, and I
have no idea that it will be placed upon us at
any other period. It is intelligence that we
are asking for now; it is intelligence that we
are advocating. It is to erect light-houses, as
has been well said, as beacon lights on the
hill-tops as they were in the days of Bruce and
Wallace. We will not degenerate; we will
not fall back under any circumstances to the
old ideas of slavery.
I am gratified that my friend has at last com-
mitted himself. He is caught in his own net,
and if the amendment is adopted the bill will
be strengthened so far as his vote is concerned.
I however oppose the amendment. I shall
vote against it, as I propose to vote against all
other amendments. Why? Because we have
not time to risk amendments. These amend-
ments that have been urged from time to time,
in my humble opinion, have been presented
simply with a view to defeat the measure. I
charge not bad faith to any Senator; but their
ingenuity and great anxiety now seem to me
to be very strange. Months have intervened
since this great question came before Congress,
and what have they proposed in that time?
They never have had time to consider the bill.
Senators say, "Oh, I am for this doctrine,
only give us a proper bill; this one will not
do." They have not proposed to give us one
at any period, and now they offer amendment
after amendment, and in my opinion they are
offered simply with a view to kill the bill; there
is nothing else in them. I hope this amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regret that
this system of tactics is adopted after so long
and patient a hearing on the whole subject—
this system of continuous amendments ob-
viously intended, or, if not intended, which
have the effect of procrastinating the time
when this bill shall be finally considered, and
mainly for the purpose of wearying the Sen-
ate so that the bill may be disposed of with-
out being passed. I do not suppose that this
amendment embarrasses anybody. Clearly it
is not necessary. I trust therefore it will be
voted down, as other amendments have been,
and as I trust others hereafter will be. As
for the vote of the Senator from Nebraska, I
am very certain he will vote for the bill whether
this amendment is adopted or not.
Mr. CONKLING. Although it seems that
the merits of amendments have nothing to do
with the propriety of the votes, I ask that this
amendment may be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to insert as an additional section
the following:
That the different colleges and institutions which
may receive the benefits of the provisions of this
act shall, in the reception, instruction, and gradua-
tion of pupils, make no difference on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I am
sorry that the friends of this bill disagree among
themselves as to what its true literal intent and
meaning is. In a measure of so much import-
ance as the one now proposed, involving the
distribution of twenty-six or twenty-seven mil-
lions of the public money, it seems to me the
Senate of the United States ought at least to
be perfectly informed as to what the legal in-
tendment of this particular enactment should
be. I understand the Senator from New Jersey
to say that this bill already provides for mixed
colleges in the repective States even against
their consent. I heard that statement contro-
verted on the other hand ; and, assuming that
there is great doubt as to what the true mean-
ing and legal construction of the bill is, I pre-
sume that the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] has offered his amendment expressly
