1T06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
providing against the exclusion of any on ac-
count of color, condition, or previous servitude.
That Senator, with his usual frankness, has
determined that no Senator shall labor under
any mistake as to what the proposed enactment
contemplates. :
Mr. President, the State of Kentucky has
an agricultural college; and usually it would
have been expected that her Senators should
cordially vote for a measure which puts into her
coffers $650,000 for such institutions. Neither
my colleague nor myself, however, felt himself
at liberty to do so. We both believed then, as
we believe now, that the measure was but the
entering-wedge to take from the States the
whole subject of education, and put it under
the exclusive and absolute control of the Fed-
eral Government. Such a measure would be
but another step in the centralizing tendencies
of the day which threaten to subvert our entire
federative system. I believe that such a meas-
ure as that now proposed is fatal to the sub-
ject 6f education itself. My political faith
teaches me that the States themselves can
manage education much better than the Fed-
eral Government, and that the Constitution of
the United States has confided that whole sub-
ject exclusively to the State governments. If
it be the desire of Congress really to aid the
cause of education in the States, why not give
the amount to the States themselves, to be
distributed as their legislative and other con-
stituted State authorities shall determine?
There would have been no constitutional ob-
jection to such a measure, and I am sure it
would have received"-much stronger support
than the present measure now before the
Senate.
I feared when the former agricultural col-
lege bill was before us that there was a lurk-
ing power by which Congress proposed to take
exclusive control of education in the States,
and I voted against it. Such a purpose was
then denied. But we now hear the claim
boldly and earnestly insisted upon by the
friends of this pending bill, especially by the
distinguished Senator from New Jersey, that
its true meaning is to put this whole subject
of agricultural colleges under the exclusive
control of the Federal Government; that such
is its objcct, and such its legal intendment!
1 can only repeat, that I believe the Consti-
tution of the United States never contemplated
to invest Congress with such a power, and if
the sums were ten times as great as $650,000,
and that amount was proposed as a dou-
ce&r to the State of Kentucky, I am sure that
her free and generous people would never
justify me in giving any vote which should
take from her sovereign, exclusive, con-
stitutional control of her schools and other
domestic institutions, and place that proud
old Commonwealth as a feeble mendicant
under a foreign Government—foreign, at least,
so far as all those delicate internal subjects
of local self-government are concerned which
the Constitution of the United States confided
exclusively to her regulation and manage-
ment.
I do not wish it to be understood, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I am unfavorable to the colored race,
still less that I am unfavorable to the subject
of education. I stand here to repel the insin-
uation that Kentucky ever has or will ever
desire t.o deal unjustly with the colored race;
she will provide for their education and-pro-
tect them in their rights; but she claims the
sovereign right to determine for herself the mode
and manner in which it shall be done. She
resis's the power of Congress to determine for
tier how Kentucky schools shall be conducted.
No amount of money can seduce her to surren-
der to Congress the power to establish in-her
territorial hunts, against State consent, mixed
schools. Kentucky believes that the two classes
of her people will be better educated by pro-
viding the proper means and keeping the
schools of white and colored separate and dis-
tinct. She will always proudly resist by all
constitutional means any Federal exercise of
power which shall attempt to control and de-
prive her of that sovereignty and discretion
to control her own institutions in which her
people are most deeply interested, and in the
preservation of whieh the whites and blacks
are alike most vitally interested.
It was under such impressions of my duty
as a Senator on this floor that, when the bill
for which this is a substitute was originally
before this body, I felt myself constrained to
vote against it, and the new light which has
this evening been shed upon its dangerous pro-
visions, and the extraordinary claim which its
friends insist it confers upon the Federal Gov-
ernment to establish mixed schools and mixed
colleges against the constituted authorities of
any sovereign State, only tends to show me
that I did right in my former opposition to it.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that after
the very frank speech of the Senator from
Kentucky, every Senator on this floor who be-
lieves that the colored people of the South
should have equal rights in the enjoyment of
educational privileges and in enjoying the ben-
efits of the fund given by the Government of
the United States ought to vote for my amend-
ment. The Senator avows frankly and sin-
cerely that Kentucky would be against and is
against mixed schools, mixed colleges, and
academies; and if there is but one agricultural
college in the State of Kentucky, the Senator
will say frankly that that should be occupied
and enjoyed by the white people of Kentucky ;
that the two races should not be mingled in
that institution: and if the Senators from
North Carolina, and Virginia, and Kentucky,
and Georgia were to state their convictions
truly on this floor, they would say that if these
agricultural colleges are open to both races in
their States, if the colored people go into them,
the white people will not go into them. Sen-
ators from those States will not deny that; I
take it from the statements made here to-night.
Practically, we know that the colored men
are to-day excluded from the colleges and
academic institutions of the South; that the
prejudices against race are such in those States
yet', and will be for perhaps twenty years to
come, that they will be excluded.
Why, sir, the papers of Texas are full of
articles in regard to the conduct of the Texas
Legislature. Steps have been taken in that
Legislature within the last two weeks looking
to the destruction of the common-school sys-
tem of that State. Why? Because the laws
of Texas provide that those schools shall be
open equally to all races, and does not pro-
vide for separate schools; and my friend from
Texas will not say to-night that that Legisla-
ture has not given unmistakable evidence of
its intention to destroy the common-school
system of Texas on that account, and that a
bill looking to that end is now pending before
that Legislature. My friend from New Jer-
sey say's that this is already provided for in
the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And the bill.
Mr. MORTON. The bill provides nothing.
The spirit of the fourteenth amendment does
require the adoption of this amendment here
to-night. Nobody knows better than my
friend from New Jersey that practically the
fourteenth amendment has been a dead letter
in a number of the States of this Union,
especially in regard to matters of education.
He knows how impotent it has been to exclude
men from office, and how little regard has
been paid to its principle or its letter in certain
States of this Union. But now my friend
comes forward to-night full of belief that all
is well and will be well, that no legislation is
necessary. 1 think my friend voted with me
only at the last session for a civil rights bill
requiring that the common schools in this
country should be thrown open to men of all
races and color without distinction. I think
he did so a number of times. He voted for
that amendment, I think, even in regard to
common schools established by the States
with funds raised by the States under State
laws; but now he is not willing to vote for an
amendment to the same effect with regard to
colleges which are to be built up by appropri-
ations from the national Government, to the
amount of seventy or eighty million dollars.
He was willing to make that the law in regard
to the common schools of every State in this
Union, established by the funds of the State,
and to which the Federal Government had not
contributed a dollar, and now when it is pro-
posed to establish one college in every State
in this Union, and when he knows as well as
I do what is the feeling in a number of these
States growing out of the institution of slavery
in other days, my friend is not willing to put
that into the bill, and falls back sweetly and
confidingly uj on the fourteenth amendment.
Now, Mr. President, I insist that this
amendment is not offered for the mere pur-
pose of defeating the bill. I am opposed to
the bill. I am opposed to it because of its
enormous injustice, its gross inequality. I
am opposed to it because it has not been, and
it cannot be, successfully defended. I will
admit it has the requisite votes to' pass it, and
we understand why it has the votes; but it
has not been successfully defended upon its
merits in this Chamber, in my judgment.
My friend frorh Vermont says he is sorry to
see the tactics that are resorted to. What
tactics? Of amending the bill, and amending
it, too, in particulars in which my friend con-
fesses the amendments were just. He could
not deny the justice of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio- to a clause of the
bill by which the people of this District to
the number of one hundred and seventy-five
thousand are excluded from the benefits of the
bill, while States that have scarcely a third
of the population of this District get an equal
share.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
does not mean to misstate what I said. • I said
1 was willing to submit it to the judgment
of Congress; that I regarded it, so-far as I
was concerned, as immaterial. It was not put
on the bill in the House. -
Mr. MORTON. I understood my friend
as not opposing, the justice of that amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, no.
Mr. MORTON. But simply opposing it on
the ground that it would endanger the final
passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
also.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is not
often that that argument commends itself to
the favorable consideration of the Senate.
Here are one hundred and seventy-five thou-
sand people expressly excluded from the bene-
fits of this bill, and the money which, accord-
ing to the views of the Senator from Min-
nesota, may amount to $2,000,000 in time to
come, is to be given to an institution that
already has endowment large enough, and that
has nothing to do with the education of the
people of the District of Columbia.
One word more, sir. Ifthis bill must pass,
let it be so guarded and so provided that men
of all races and colors shall be entitled to its
benefits. As the matter now stands, in some
six or seven States of this Union this very.day
agricultural colleges organized under the pro-
visions of this bill, and endowed by the-ipro-
visions of this bill, will be for the benefit only
of one race of people. That whieh takes place
in William and Mary College, in Virginia, in
the University of Virginia, unrestrained by
law, will take place in the agricultural college
of Virgina, beyond all .question.
Mr. HILL. As the distinguished Senator
from Indiana has referred to most of the south-
ern States by name and has rather catechised
their Senators in regard to the condition of
things in them, and particularly as to whether
this prejudice of race to which he alludes does
