1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
not exist, I wish to make a little explanation
in regard to the State of Georgia. Doubtless
it is true, aa the Senator states, that this preju-
dice is still alive, and from all appearances it
is a sentiment that is likely to survive for a
good while; how long I cannot tell. It may
be in the laws of nature that it will last forever.
I cannot undertake to say; nor do I speculate
upon the subject.
But in justice to the State of Georgia I will
say this much : I know that in anticipation of
the action of Congress on this measure it has
been discussed in that State by the politicians
of the dominant party there aa to the use that
would be made of the fund derived from the
passage of this act; and by common consent
there will be, if it is permitted by the bill, and
I hope it may be permitted, a school endowed
for the colored people in the State of Georgia
as well as one for whites. At present the
land scrip received by the State under the old
legislation of 1862 has been in the main appro-
priated to the State university, and a profes-
sorship of agriculture has been endowed by it.
I cannot undertake to say, because I do not
know that there has been an application there,
what would be the result of a colored youth's
seeking admission. I have not heard of any
one being rejected. I presume I should have
heard of it if there had been an application
and a refusal to admit; but it is in contem-
plation in the State of Georgia, if this fund is
obtained, to establish a school for colored
people.
Now comes the practical question as to the
good that should be done. Is it better that
the whole fund should be applied to one insti-
tution in Georgia, or that it should be divided
and support two? I propose, after this amend-
ment is disposed of, and before the bill is
voted upon, to offer an amendment myself
■which will come in in line twenty-two of sec-
tion four of the amendment and will make
the paragraph read:
Provided, That the fond created under this act
and the act heretofore mentioned shall be appro-
priated to such college or colleges as has or have
been already established in any State; and where
no such college, or only one such—
The words, "or only one such," being the
amendment—
has yet been established, said fund shall be appro-
priated to the endowment and support of not more
than two colleges in any State.
The words " not more than two colleges"
is also an interpolation, and will be offered by
way of amendment.
I am very frank to state that the objects of
these two amendments ia to meet the very ob-
jection which is urged here._ It is to provide
two of these institutions in the State of
Georgia. At present the fund that we have
in use goes to the State university, as I have
stated, and with this fund we will endow two
schools. I am frank to say that I think one
will be for the use of colored studeuts and the
other for whites. I think it is practical in
view of the sentiment that we have alluded to
existing among the people and the impossi-
bility of harmonizing at present these institu-
tions with mixed pupils that, this thing should
be done.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator one question with his permission.
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. To what institution has
the present agricultural fund given by the
Government gone?
Mr. HILL. It has gone to what is known as
the State university, located at Athens, and
a separate branch with professors and tutors,
(fee., has been organized. As I have stated,
1 do not know whether there has been an
application by any colored person to be
admitted to its benefits. I have not heard ot it-
Mr. MOIlfON. Do you know of any
colored person who has been?
Mi. HILL. 1 do not. i do not know ol
an application being made. I know it any
one had applied and been rejected I should
have heard of it, for I live within twenty-seven
miles of the institution and I should be very
likely to have known it. My desire is, and I
know that is in contemplation in the State,
to establish two institutions of this sort, and
public opinion has gone so far as to designate
the particular building, now vacant, that should
be used for the colored college; and I under-
take to say that the idea is popular with the
colored people of Georgia, with the leaders
and with the masses) so far as they are informed
of the project.
With these amendments, which will extend
the benefits of thi3 bill to two colleges, I think
a great deal of the objection to it might be
overcome. At present you might as well
attempt to stem the tide of the Mississippi
river and make it flow upward as to arrest
this prejudice in the public mind that now
exists. It is better to yield to it, and pass
the bill without, such qualification, than to
attach terms that would be disregarded, or
perhaps the whole benefits of the bill be
rejected rather than accede to them.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret that I feel it to
be my duty to respond to the remarks of my
distinguished friend from Indiana, inasmuch
as he has called in question the State of Texas,
which I have the honor in part to represent
h ire. I wish to disabuse the mind of the Sen-
ate and the country upon that subject. It is
bad enough to realize the facts as they are. It
is clear, as was stated by my friend, that the
newspapers are speculating much upon the
subject of the action of the Texas Legislature
at this day; but my friend being perhaps un-
informed as to all the circumstances, did not
go as far as it was necessary to do, to arrive
at the true state of facts pertaining to that
State. Let it be remembered that we have a
State constitution there that knows no differ-
ence as between colors, precisely as this bill
knows none. The one race has equal rights
with the other, and are amply protected by
the laws that have been solemenly enacted by
Congress. But aside from that, notwithstand-
ing there is a large majority in the popular
branch of the Texas Legislature in favor of
some such legislation as the Senator refers
to, we fortunately have a senate there, as we
have here, and we likewise have an Executive
in that State, as we have of the United States,
and the Executive of the State of Texas and
the senate of Texas are able to cheek any
action on the part of the majority in the house.
Therefore the colored people, and the children
at large, the beneficiaries of the common-
school system there, are protected, and they
will continue to be protected. I hope, in the
next political struggle we have down there, to
have my friend come down to help us to get
the popular branch of the Legislature all right
too, and then we shall have no trouble on the
subject in any way, manner, or shape.
I advocate his doctrine as contemplated in
this amendment. I do not want to antago-
nize or to jeopardize this bill, however, under
any circumstances at this moment. 1 wiil vote
for his bill at midnight, if he will introduce it
isolated and alone, or place it upon any other
bill where we shall in all iikelihood be able to
carry it; but there being no legitimate neces-
sity for it here, and as it endangers this bill to
such a degree, I am compelled to oppose it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I have
always admired the ability of my friend from
Indiana; and this last adroit specimen ot
tactics increases my admiration ; but 1 say to
him that I think this Hank movement of his,
which at first blush 1 thought placed some of
us in a tight place, will be understood even by
the colored people of ttiis country. I have
stood by him in the past in the advocacy ot
what is known as the end rights bill; I 8t0°"
by him as long as any other man stood by
him; and ip he will bring in to-morrow a bill
of that character, i wili stand by him as long
as he stands by the measure. The colored
people of this country, even if this amend-
ment is intended to accomplish results, will
not be satisfied with patch-work; they will
not be satisfied to have these things tacked
on to bills of this character. You must go
down to the bottom of the evil. Bring this
up as an original proposition, and we will
stand by you; but as an amendment to this
bill, we cannot, as has been said here to-day.
If Senators do not know what the provisions
of this bill are or what it contains, the people
away down in the swamps of Arkansas know
more than they do, because they know of it,
and through their representatives in the Legis-
lature assembled they have instructed the
Senators and requested the Representatives
from my State to vote for this measure. Let
us attend to one thing at a time; let us get
this grant first; let us put these institutions
upon a solid foundation ; and the time will
come, I think, when this other question wiil
be settled, and settled in such a manner as
will go down to the root of the whole thing.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, in con-
sidering this bill, I cannot help changing my
mood about every five minutes, for in some
aspects it is so utterly ludicrous, and in others
it is so very serious, that one hardly knows
whether to laugh or to cry over it.
Let us look at it as a practical measure for
a few minutes. Suppose there were no objec-
tion to it on constitutional grounds, no objec-
tion to it upon educational grounds, no objec-
tion to it upon political grounds, but simply as
a practical measure, let us see what it is, and
whether there should be such a fight made for
it, especially by these gentlemen from the
South, who seem to think that all the bless-
ings to be possessed by human institutions are
contained in this little bill. It proposes that,
one half of the net proceeds of the public
lands shall be distributed to the States, the
District of Columbia included. It makes no
provision, I beg my friend from the far Wesr,
to observe, for any State that may hereafter
come into the Union, unless she comes in
within five years from this date. It makes
no provision for any Territory that may here-
after be created, unless it be created within
five years from this date, or colleges organized
within it. But taking the number of States
and Territories as they now exist, we have
thirty-seven States and nine Territories and
the District of Columbia. That makes forty-
seven distributees of this half of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands.
Now, sir, the proceeds of the sales of public
lands have amounted in the last three years
to about three million dollars a year ; _ but
everybody knows that they will decrease Srom
year to year. They will decrease because of
the sales made of the public lands, because the
good lands belonging to the Government are
diminished by sales and by grants of one kind
and another year by year.
Mr. STEWART. By the homestead law
more than anything else.
Mr. THURMAN. The homestead law is
continually diminishing them.
Mr. STEWART. That diminishes the
sales.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; so that no-
body can expect that the sales of the public
lands will continue to foe three millions a year.
But suppose it should remain for ten years
to come three millions a year. \ ou propose
to distribute about one half of it not one
half of it, for you are to deduct the expenses
of the sale, but say one-half of it—a million
and a half of dollars among forty-seven ben-
eficiaries, How much will that give to each
one? It will give to each one, in round num-
bers, $32,000 a year. Here is the mighty en-
dowment, an- endowment of $32,000 a yearf
which is to disseminate knowledge through the
whole length and breadth of this land ! Why ,
sir, the single county in which I live bestowed
