1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747.
Mr. TAFFE. I beg pardon of the Chair;
but he told me two o'clock.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair was under that
impression.
Mr. TAFFE. I have been acting, then, un-
der a misapprehension, because I intended to
yield to other gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
same impression; but the bill does not lose
its place ; it is still in the morning hour.
LETTERS OF A. G. BROWNK ANDG. B. LAMAB.
The SPEAKER. Before calling for reports
from the Committee on Commerce the Chair
will direct the Clerk to read a communication
which he has just received.
The Clerk read as follows :
Congressional Globe Office,
Washington, D. C., January 21,18(3.
Sir: We desire to state very briefly, for the in-
formation of the House of Representatives, the
obstacles to the execution of the request of Hon.
II. Boa rdjian Smith, ofNew York, made yesterday,
and acceded toby the House, that certain letters of
Mr. A. G. Browne and Mr. G. B. Lamar, ordered to
be printed in the Globe on the 14th and 18th days of
January, instant, be excluded from the book edition
of the Globe.
Since the printing of the letters in the Daily Globe
of the 15th instant, the proceedings of Congress have
filled one hundred and eighty-eight columns of that
paper, about one hundred and thirty-five columns of
which matter have been made up and stereotyped
for the book edition, and the type distributed.
Moreover, about three thousand copies of the sheet
containing the proceedings of the 14th instant have
already been printed, and as many copies upon
sheets subsequent to this. Hence, to fulfill the re-
quest will involve the resetting of type equal to
about one hundred and thirty-five columns of the
Daily Globe; the cancellation of upward of a hun-
dred stereotyped pages of thequarto Globe, and the
making of new plates for the same ; also, the loss of
sueh sheets of the work as have been printed. The
cost of these changes thus briefly, and, we hope,
clearly explained, would probably reach twenty-
five hunJred to three thousaud dollars.
But this is not the most important feature of the
case. To go back to the proceedings of the 14th
instant, and reset the type and remake the pages of
so much of the proceedings intervening between
that date and to-day as may be found necessary to
meet the request, would, in all probability, interfere
with that prompt publication of the debates of the
two Houses of Congress which we are bound by eon-
tract to make. And any delinquency in this regard,
at this stage of the final session of a Congress, we
are sure could not fail to cause great inconvenience
and dissatisfaction atnong members.
We are, very respectfully,
F. & J. RIVES k GKO. A. BAILEY,
Qjulruetorsfor Reporting and Printing
the Debateft of Congress.
Hon. James G. Blaine, Speaker of the Home of
Representatives of the United States.
Mr. WOOD. If in order, I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the order of yesterday
was made relative to those letters.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to refer this
communication to the Committee on Printing.
They can consider the matter and report to the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair infers from the
communication just read that if no action be
taken by the House the letter of Mr. Lamar
published within a day or two will also be
stereotyped.
Mr. WOOD. I think the object of my col-
league [Mr. Smith] has been attained by his
remarks made yesterday and by the publicity
given to his statement. I am sure it is not the
desire of the House to put the publishers of
the Globe, and also ourselves, to the incon-
veniences stated in the letter just read. I hope
therefore the House will reconsider and re-
scind the arrangement made yesterday.
The question being put on the motion to re-
consider, it was agreed to; and the question
recurring on making the order moved by Mr.
Smith, of New York, it was decided in the
negative.
piuntino ok AMKNDJIBSTS.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that the amend-
ment which I offered to-day to the Colorado
bill be ordered to be printed with the other
amendments.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask that the amendment
which 1 offered a few days ago be also printed.
Thi'i-e being no objection, the order for
printing was unule.
encouragement of forbign commjstice.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on Commerce; and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargee,]
the chairman of the committee, is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3617) for the encouragement of the foreign
commerce of the United States; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This bill is a sub-
stitute for the bill (H. R. No. 1743) referred
to-the committee some time ago. Before pro-
ceeding with my remarks, I desire to ask con-
sent of the House that half past two o'clock
to-morrow be fixed as the time at which we
shall vote on the bill and such amendments as
shall be offered.
Mr. COX. I object to any arrangement of
that kind at present.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope that my
friend from New York [Mr. Cox] will aid us
in this direction, so that a time may be fixed
for taking a vote. There will be ample oppor-
tunity for debate. There is no disposition to
prevent debate or amendment except so far
as may be necessary to protect the general
purposes of the bill. I hope there will be no
objection of that kind.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will allow
this debate to exhaust itself, and then, if we
choose to make any arrangement, it can be
done.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will then ask
to have entered a motion to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. That cuts off amendment.
The first section of the bill provides that the
Secretary of W ar, the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Postmaster General be con-
stituted ex officio a board of commissioners of
commerce, to be known by the name of the
" board of commissioners of commerce," any
three of whom shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of any business of the board; and
any person for the time being acting in the place
of either of such officers shall have, as a mem-
ber of such board, the same powers as the
principal officer in whose place he may be act-
ing. There shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, a secretary of said board, to be known and
designated as " the secretary of the board of
commissioners of commerce," whose annual
salary shall be $4,000. The powers and duties
of the board, subject to the constitutional con-
trol of the President in the premises, shall be
to prepare and execute, and to cause to be
enforced, aH contracts in which the Govern-
ment of the United States is interested, and
which may be authorized by law to be made
in aid of the foreign or domestic commerce of
the United States ; to see to the due execution
and enforcement of all contracts made for the
promotion of commerce, and to the faithful
performance of their duties by all officers
having duties to discharge in aid of commerce,
including officers having charge of the inter-
ests of immigrants and American seamen,
except officers connected with the diplomatic
and consular service, which diplomatic and
consular officers shall, in the discharge of
their duties, be unaffected by the provisions
of this act: to diligently collect, arrange, and
report, from time to time, and at least once
in each year, to the President of the United
States, to be by him presented with bis recom-
mendations to' Congress, ail such information
and statistics concerning the commerce of the
United States and of other nations calculated
to show the wants of American commerce,
together with any recommendations they may
deem proper in aid of such commerce ; to dis-
charge all other duties which may be by law
devolved upon the said board in relation to
the commerce of the United States.
Till' second section provides that in making
provisions for ami entering into any contract
for the payment of any bounty by the United
States which is authorized by thia act, the
board of commissioners of commeree shall
provide that one or more lines of iron steam-
ships, of the quality and description provided
for by the fifth section of this act, shall be es-
tablished between such ports of the United
States as said board may select and one or more
of the principal ports of Great Britain, and
also of one or more of the principal ports of
the continent of Europe. The board shall also
provide that at least one line of vessels, of the
description authorized by this act, as the board
shall decide, but to be of first class of their
kind, shall be established between New York
city and some principal port or ports in the
West India islands and in the republic of Mex-
ico ; and also for a line of similar description
of vessels with that last named between New
Orleans and some principal port or ports in
the West India islands and in the empire of
Brazil; and also a line of vessels of similar
description between New Orleans and some
principal port or ports in the republic of Mex-
ico ; and also for a line of vessels of similar
description between San Francisco and some
principal port or.ports of Australia and New
Zealand, and in other of the islands of the Pa-
cific ; provided that any first-class vessel now
owned by any citizen of the United States and
employed under American registry, and which
shall be found by the board to be amply suffi-
cient and fit for any service authorized by the
provisions of this act to receive bounties, may
be admitted by the board to be employed on
any line authorized to be established and to
receive bounty under the provisions of this act.
The third section provides that all of the
lines named in this act, and also all other lines
which may be established or aided by means
of bounties or other pecuniary aid from the
United States, shall connect with such other
foreign ports and places as the board may by
contract stipulate ; and 'the number, descrip-
tion, and tonnage of each vessel of each of the
lines, the times of their departure as near as
practicable, and all other necessary details in
regard to the said service which arc not defined
by law, shall be such as the board shall decide
and provide for by contract. Bat no contract
whatever by the board shall be lawful nor
binding on the United States which is not in
writing, duly executed by the parties thereto,
and recorded.
The fourth section provides that in making
any contract for the payment of bounty to any
person or company under the authority of this
act, it shall be lawful for the board to stipulate
for the payment of not exceeding fifty per cent,
of the entire amount authorized by this act to
be paid to any such line, in cash, at the com-
mencement of the construction of any vessel
entitled to a bounty under this act: provided
that no such payment shall be made in ad-
vance, except upon and after a deposit with
the Secretary of the Treasury of bonds of the
United States toan amount equal to the amount
so advanced, together with six percent, interest
on such advance, until the lime for the repay-
ment thereof, which bonds sball be held as
collateral security for refunding the advance
and interest, in the event that such person or
company receiving the same shall not fully
perform" all the terms of the contract on which
such advance was made.
The fifth section provides that the board of
commissioners of commerce be authorized
to offer a bounty of not more than fifteen dol-
lars per ton, to be paid each year for a period
of five years, for ihe construction in the Uni-
ted States of iron steamships, and twelve dol-
lars pt-r ton for other steamships, of not less
than one thousand tons each, nor exceeding
five hundred thousand tons in the aggregate,
and not more than one hundred thousand tons
shall be authorized in any one year, the ships
to be employed exclusively in the foreigu trade;
provided that there shall be a <ieHiietion from
such bounty in all chs^.-, <>t the amount of any
