1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
as a gift upon the agricultural college of Ohio
$300,000, which, at the ordinary rate of interest
among men in business now, would produce an
income equal to that which that college would
receive under this bill. The idea of making
an agricultural college by an endowment of
$32,000 a year as a practical measure is sim-
ply absurd. If the bill should become a law,
it will help to pay a few teachers ; it will help
to buy a few books, or some apparatus, or the
like; but the idea that we can establish an
agricultural college or a great university, as
some Senators seem to think, upon an endow-
ment of $32,000 a year is, with due respect to
them, simply absurd.
But again, sir, as a practical measure, and
in regard to all these agricultural colleges, I
should like some Senator to get up and tell me
what he understands by an "agricultural col-
lege." I should like him now to try his hand
at delineating to the Senate what he considers
to bean "agricultural college." Whatistobe
done in the agricultural college, I should like
to know? What is to be taught? Is it to be
a college or an institution of learning with a
farm attached to it, in which the students are
to go out and plow and hoe and till and
ditch, and the like ? Is that to be the kind
of institution—a sort of manual labor school?
If it is not to be a place in which practical
agriculture ia taught by manual labor, but
simply theoretic agriculture is taught, I should
like to know wherein it differs from any good
college there is now in the United States in
which applied chemistry, applied mathematics,
and applied mechanics are taugh,and botany,
and all. Is there a good institution in all the
length and breadth of the United States that is
entitled to be called a college of the first class,
in which this very same theoretical knowledge
is not taught? Is there one? Are the insti-
tutions of this country in their instruction
simply confined to theoretical knowledge?
No, sir; we know they are not.
I happen to know a board of trustees of an
agriculturalcollege, and they have been ponder-
ing ever since they were appointed, and I
think it is about two years, aud they have never
been able to this day to decide wiiat an agri-
cultural college is; and it is my opinion they
will every one of them die, although the most
of them are young men, before they will be
able to decide what an agricultural college is.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Ill Lb. That is something " no fellah
can find out." [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; that is one of
the things, ai Lord Dundreary says, "that no
fellah can find out." [Laughter.] That is
the real truth about it.
I will tell you what may be done. If you
stop at this, if you stop at your little paltry
endowment of $32,000 a year, yau will get up
some miserable, sickly bantling in each one
of the Stales and Territories that will die of
inanition unless you come to its aid and give
11 some more help. That is the truth about
it. As has been said by my friend from
Kentucky, this is simply the entering-wedge.
When these children of yours shall be sickly
and ricketty and in danger of dying from in-
anition, then the General Government will be
called upon to help them and to aid them still
further, and to make them great universities,
and then your bill might be properly called
the first step for the destruction of the collegiate
institutions in the United States. That is the
truth about it. Tins is the first step for the
destruction of the existing colleges in the
United States. It is a very poor step. It is
a very slight blow that will be stricken now ;
but it is intended to be, and will be, if you
ever make it effectual, the destruction of hun-
dreds and hundreds of colleges that now exist
in this land.
Let nobody say that I am opposed to agri-
culture. How could I be? Why, sir, it is
the great industry of my State, and my State
is one of the most remarkable in the whole
Union for her agricultural resources ; but this
is not the way to assist agriculture.^ _ If you
want to assist agriculture, quit subsidizing and
protecting every other industry in the country,
while you do not subsidize or protect agricul-
ture at all. That is the way to assist agricul-
ture. Take off that heavy hand of taxation
that you put upon every agriculturist in this
country for the benefit of other industries.
Do that; take off that whip that you have upon
the industry of every agriculturist in this coun-
try, for the benefit of other people ; quit main-
taining other industries, or making them pro-
fitable by the public money or protective law,
and let every industry stand upon an equal
foundation in this land, and you will do more
for agriculture in one single year than all these
institutions will do in a century, or ten cen-
turies. No, sir, this is not the way by which
you are to benefit agriculture. I know it is
only necessary to get up some bill before Con-
gress and say it is in the interest of education,
or in the interest of some great industry of the
country, to procure for it prodigious support
all at once; but I say to the agriculturists of
the country, this is a mere tub thrown to the
whale.
My friend from Mississippi talked about
this as a measure to bring education home to
the doors of the poor. Why, this very bill
discourages the establishment of more than
one college in a State. I should like to know
how a. poor man can any more support his
qhild in one of these agricultural colleges than
he can in any one of the institutions of learn-
ing that now exist? What is it that makes it
difficult for a poor man to send his child to
college? The tuition fees? No, sir; they
are a mere trifle. The tuition fees at the best
university in the United States are a mere
trifle compared to the expense of maintaining
your son at that institution. It is not the
tuition fees, it is the expense of boarding him
there ; the expense of taking bim there, and
of keeping him there ; that is the great burden
that falls upon the parent; that is the great
item of expense. It is his support and not
the tuition fees, for they are, I was going to
say, almost contemptibly small, even in the
costliest colleges in the United States. No,
sir, it is not that.
Well, sir, what will you do here? Suppose
you provide that in these agricultural colleges
tuition shall be free; I think there is some-
thing like that in one clause of this bill. You
have not enabled the poor men to send their
children there at all. You establish one great
college in the center of a State like Ohio. Are
the poor men to send their children there, for
a hundred or nearly two hundred miles some
of them, and support them there any more
than they can support them at the Ohio Uni-
versity, the Miami University, or Kenyon
College? No, sir ; there will not be one child
more sent there because this is called an agri-
cultural college. It does not bring education
to the doors of the poor. So much for that.
But, sir, there are other reasons why this
bill ought not to pass and why I cannot vote
for it. This talk about the public lands in this
bill, as I said when the original bill was before
the Senate, is a mere delusion. It is money
out of the Treasury that this bill proposes to
appropriate, and it is only a misnomer to call
it the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands. It does not devote thelands at all, but
it devotes certain proceeds that have gone
into the Treasury, and been covered into the
Treasury, and are part of the moneys of the
Treasury just as much as those that are de-
rived from customs or from internal taxation,
and fixing it as one half of the proceeds of
the public lands is simply a limitation upon
the amount of the appropriation.
Then, sir, comes the question, is it right, is
it consistent with the spirit of the Constitu-
tion, that the public taxes should be dis-
tributed in the unequal manner that this bill
proposes? Your Constitution provides that
representation and direct taxes shall go hand
in hand. Let me turn to that, for it seems
that we are forgetting it:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may bo
included within this Union, according to their re-
spective numbers."
That is the provision in regard to direct
taxes. That same principle should as far as
possible guide us in regard to other taxes.
But now it is proposed that the taxes which
are thus to be raised, and are raised off the
whole people of the United States, shall be
divided in such manner that the State of
Nevada, with forty-two thousand people, shall
have as much as the State of New York with
four and a half millions. The State of Ne-
vada, with just about the population of the
little city in which I live, is to have precisely
the same as the State of New York, with four
and a half million people. Sir, is it right to
take the taxes of the people and distribute
them in that way? Is there any justice in it,
and do you get rid of the injustice of it by
simply calling these taxes the proceeds of the
sales of public lands? No, sir; you do not
do it.
But, sir, it may be said, and was said by the
Senator from Mississippi in answer to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, that Congress had en-
dowed some of the new States largely with
public lands for purposes of schools. Sir,
let me say that there never was a much greater
mistake than that. I say to the Senate that
the Government has received full value for
every section sixteen that it has given to
schools. When was it that the policy of devot-
ing section sixteen to the support of schools
began? It began before this Government was
created. It began under the Articles of Con-
federation. I hold in my hand the ordinance
of 1785, "An ordinance for ascertaining the
mode of disposing of the lands in the western
territory," and which provided for how all the
land then owned by the confederation should
be disposed of, and there we find the first pro-
vision in regard to the section sixteen, and it
is in these words:
" There shall be reserved the lot sixteen of every
township for the maintenance of public schools
within the said township."
Now, sir, how comes that provision there in
that first ordinance, the ordinance of 1785;
and how comes it to be continued afte~rward ;
and how came it to be put in the first contracts
that the General Government made for the
sale of a large portion of the Northwestern
Territory to the Ohio Company; for the sale
of another large portion of it to the New Jer-
sey Company, John Cleve Symmes and his
associates, and the like? How comes it that
that provision in regard to section sixteen was
pui in? It was one of the inducements to pur-
chasers to buy the lands of the Government,
and one of the considerations that they received
for the money they gave. The purchaser there
did not receive simply his one hundred and sixty
acres of land that he bought; that was not the
whole consideration he was to receive for his
money. He was to receive, in addition to the
land which should be patented to him, the
benefit of a section in his township for the
purpose of educating his children. That was
part of the consideration for which he paid his
two dollars per acre for his land. That was part
of the consideration that the Government would
give him, not only an acre of land for every
two dollars he paid, but also would give sec-
tion sixteen in his township for the purpose of
educating his children, and section twenty-nine
for religious purposes, according to that original
ordinance. The truth therefore is, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the purchasers of the public lands
have paid for the section sixteen in the purchase
of the other sections in the township ; the Gov-
ernment has sold them the land, with the right
to section sixteen as the common property of
