750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
ness as that empire is, it holds over its old
colony and vassal, New York, more of com-
mercial power and profit than is held by the
Government of the united Slates!
But perhaps by far the most marvelous ex-
ample in human history of what are the results
of a nation's owniug the lines of international
commerce is furnished by England.
"When, at the first of the sixteenth cen-
tury, she began her commercial career, men
caught woodcock in marshes where are now
Begent street and West End; the commerce
of the city was dragged on trucks by dogs;
canoes, cut from a single log, crept with a
single cartload of British goods along the shores
of the Dwina on the way to Persia. She,
according to Edward Coke, had a population
under a million. The first ship ever in her
navy was yet not forty years old. The largest
revenue of Elizabeth's reign, collected from
the commerce of the kingdom, was under
$250,000. The entire coinage for a hundred
years prior to Elizabeth's accession was leas
than $1,000,000 per year. After the end of
her reign the exports and imports of the king-
dom are given (1622) at $24,698,755. The
whole number of seamen employed in 1582
was 14,295. Ships of all sorts num bered 1,232,
of an aggregate tonnage of 61,600. Iron man-
ufactures were once prohibited daring Eliza-
beth's reign. Deer roamed wild in flocks of
thousands through native and vast forests in
sight-of London. The wild bull and boar in-
fested the kingdom. There was not a navi-
gable canal or a turnpike in the kingdom, and
the strongest teams could not drag the travel-
ers through the bogs of Essex and Kent. The
first carriage was brought to England in 1680.
Teams for travel were generally oxen. High-
way robbers constituted an estate of the realm.
London was made of wood and the houses of
the people of willows.
This glance shows what England was when
she laid the foundations of her commercial
empire. The charter of the " East India
Company," on the 81st December, A. D.
1600, is usually deemed the origin and organ-
ization of her commercial power. Hurtful as
that organization was, by reason of the monop-
oly and other defects it involved, to the rapid
development of the commerce of England, yet
when you see its results attained by the sheer
potency of trade, as a wealth and power-pro-
ducing engine, its very defects make the les-
sons it teaches all the mora impressive. In
this company you have a mere fragment of the
growth and power of commercial England ;
and yet you have in it the most marvelous
commercial phenomenon of which history has
preserved any account. Throughout a period
of two hundred and fifty-eight years, during
which revolution succeeded revolution at
home, and dynasty after dynasty passed away;
during which empire after empire crumbled
into decay and passed from memory ; during
which the political map of the world was
formed and reformed ; during which the pop-
ulations of the civilized States had augmented
in the aggregate perhaps tenfold; during
which all the physical forces and the channels
of the world's exchange had been transformed,
and the moral, social, and political elements
of society were created—throughout all these
his wondrous commercial empire remained, re-
mained for centuries, augmenting, encircling,
and dominating the oceans and continents.
At the end of the second century of its
strange life a historian describes it as having
fut under its control nearly the whole of the
ndian continent, and as holding unlimited
control of the trade of China, Japan, Siam,
and other countries of Asia, containing nearly
one third of the human race ; and, after tri-
umphing over her great rivals, France, Hoi
land, and Portugal, as having secured a British
empire the most splendid and sumptuous which
human ambition could ever aspire to possess,
and whose profits had reached $80,000,000 per
year.
Such being the magnitude of a mere frag-
ment of the commercial wealth and power of
England, and this too at the beginning of the
present century, gives hint of what we may
expect the mighty aggregate to be to-day.
I make no attempt at indicating what that
aggregate is of wealth and power which has
come to England from being the world's car-
riers and merchants. Indeed that power has
become so prodigious and world-menacing
that it has become the great economic prob-
lem of patriotic statesmanship in every other
country to find out how England's commercial
mastery shall be prevented from being fatal
to the trade of all other States. It is enough
for my present purpose to declare that less
than two hundred years of England's sway
over the channels and markets of ocean-com-
merce hath sufficed to make that little land
of mists, fens, sea-storms, and long nights to
hold the unchallenged commercial and mar-
itime rule throughout the entire globe—a sway
of whose circumference and menacing force
we get some bint from those startling figures
which her parliamentary reports force upon
our reluctant attention year by year, figures
like these: the total annual tonnage of ships
entering and leaving her home ports exceeds
now thirty-three million tons.
She maintains constantly on the sea twenty-
two thousand ships of commerce, excluding
those of her colonies, manned by two hundred
thousand seamen, making a merchant navy
owned at home of five and three quarter mil-
lion tons. She does one half of the entire
transportation of the sea commerce of the
globe, the gross annual receipts from which
do not fall short of $400,000,000 per year.
She receives from the United States citizens
every year, for freights of American commerce,
$50,000,000. She exports of home produc-
tions every year $900,500,000, these exports
being the annual results of the labor of five
hundred million workers, counting the work-
ing capacity of her machinery. Her home
population has reached thirty millions, and
iier colonies one "hundred and fifty-four mil-
lions. Her navy, the guardian of her vast
ocean commerce, coutains four hundred and
seventy-four ships of war and employs sixty
thousand men, and her annual home revenues
exceed $350,000,000.
Such, dimly, is this prodigy of the centuries,
climax of wonders, crown of civilization, mir-
icle of commerce. I make it the end of my
historic demonstration that the dominion over
the instrumentalities and marts of the world's
trade is of the first rank among the vital affairs
of civilized States; and a nation without it
either is, or is to be, a nation extinct—speedily
extinct.
Once for all I remind you, Mr. Speaker, I
am not alleging that this historic demonstra-
tration is that the creation and government of
the instruments of commerce have been the
sole cause of the wealth, power, and civiliza-
tion of the great commercial States. I do not
state even whether theso States were chiefly
results of commercial agencies. But precisely
what the historic demonstration is, I now pray
to be permitted to carefully repeat; and 1
would cut it in ineft'acable letters on the very
mountains, and grave it with fire over the
doors to your cities and capitals. It is this:
dominion by a nation over its own instruments
of trade is so far essential to national well-
being, and is so much the cause of it, that
retaining that dominion no State ever failed
to be great, and no one permanently surren-
dering it ever failed to perish !
WHY MARITIME POWER IS ESSENTIAL TO NATIONAL
PROSPERITY.
Pardon me now, Mr. Speaker, since I debate
to you things which touch the sacred life of the
I .Republic, while I appeal to a second demon-
stration of this truth, reached by other pro-
cesses. What history attests by ten thousand
tongues is equally told by plainest principles.
I shall but name over what compels us to know,
reasoning a priori, that no member of the
family of civilized States can long survive the
surrender of the vehicles and. marts of her
own commerce.
The first I name is perhaps the^least im-
portant of which I shall speak. The com-
modities which this nation, in the year pre-
ceding 30th June, 1872, sent off to other
nations, added to what others sent back to us,
that is, the sum of our exports and imports,
reached within a fraction of $1,071,000,000, ex-
cluding gold and silver. What was paid out
for the mere freight of this enormous shipment
in and out was about $100,000,000, including
American passengers. Now let the United
States surrender its right or lose its ability
to earn this hundred million a year, which
must belaid by us to somebody, simply for
carrying our own freights and passengers in
and out, and the transaction is exactly the
same as payment by the United States of an
annual tax of $100,000,000 to such nations
as we hire to do this, our own carrying work.
The labor, or the cost of the labor, of carry-
an ax to its market is as much part of the
cost of the ax as is the making of it. That
man and that nation is simply mad that makes
$1,000,000,000 worth of products a year,
makes them nine tenths done, then stops,
stands idle, and pays another nation $100,-
000,000 per year for completing the manu-
factures. Precisely this we do to-day. We
pay England and other nations seventy-one
and a half millions a year for carrying our own
goods in and out of our own ports, and this
when millions of our children stand idle for
want of work and bread! Take such a fact
as this alone, and in the light of your common
mother wit tell me how long will it be before
this libation of seventy-one and a half millions
a year, drawn from the blood of the people,
will make us poor indeed, and those who feed
upon us rich indeed. Take this fact alone,
and do you wonder that history should tell yon t
that they of Babylon, of Tyre, of Venice, of**
Lisbon, of Antwerp, and of London, who
drew this seventy-one and a half millions each
year, got rich, and that they of India who paid
it, poor?
By the appalling significations of this initial
fact of my second demonstration I implore you,
Representatives of the people, comprehend it.
The next consequence of this nation surrend-
ering the ownership of the vehicles of com-
merce to its rival is that the surrender, by
necessity, involves the surrender of all mate-
rial control over both the channels, the mar-
kets, and the celerity of that commerce. I
need not prove this, for I am talking to a peo-
ple who have not hitherto shown deficiency in
comprehending the laws of trade. Your very
instincts show you that should you consign
the carrying in and out of your ten hundred
millions a year of precious freights to the ships
of England, your traditional adversary and
industrial rival, who has her own twice ten
hundred millions of competing wares for sale
in the same markets with yonr own, your
goods must take the channels marked out by
the Government and men who own the ship
they are in; must pay tribute at the commis-
sion and distributing houses appointed by the
masters of the ships ; must reach their markets
at the pleasure of those who control the com-
ing and going of the ships ; must be put into
and taken out of the markets in the order
which suits the pleasure or the interest of the
owner of the ship and of rival cargoes.
Now, I aver that the putting each year under
the dominion of rival nations $1,000,000,000
worth of the earnings of American people, so
that the stupendous product of this labor shall
be taxed $100,000,000 a year for being car-
ried by their rivals, then be taxed at our rivals'
commission and distributing houses; then be
shipped for their destinations at times and by
routes dictated by the interests of those having
rival commodities to ship to the same destina-
tions, and then put upon the market when it
