1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
under the act of 1862, of which this is amend-
atory ; and if that be so there ought to be a
provision whereby the benefits of the act would
inure to all the mode by which such benefits
are to be applied, to be prescribed by the States.
Mr. MACHEN. 1 should like to ask a
question of the chairman of the committee.
Provided this amendment were adopted under
the bill now before us, could there be an addi-
tional college established in any State wjiere
there is already existing an agricultural col-
lege?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
hear, the question of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask whether—provided
this amendment be adopted—there would un-
der the provisions of the bill be power in the
States to adopt an additional agricultural col-,
lege?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the bill
now stands, this additional sum will go to any
college that is already established, but there
is no power to establish an additional college.
Mr. MACHEN. So that there can be but
one college in a State where there is one
already to which the fund can be applied.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Unless there
be additional legislation.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont if one may not be established within five
years?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Where there
is none already.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-'
tion is on the amendment, of the Senator irom
Louisiana to the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. THURMAN. On this bill and all
amendments that may be offered I am paired
with the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. COOPER. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott.] He would vote "nay," and I should
vote " yea."
Mr. LOGAN. I am paired with the Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Fenton.] I cannot
say how he would vote on this particular ques-
tion, [laughter,] but we agreed to pair on all
questions connected with the bill. I presume
he would vote " yea," and I certainly should
vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Ferry ot' Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Harlan,
Morton. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sherman,
Spencer, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Wimlom—18.
NAYb—Messrs. Alcorn. Buremnn, iirownlovv,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Cragin, Davis,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghuyson, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, [I'll, Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, IieUy, Maohon, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norwood, Patterson, Ransom, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Vickers, and
Wright—31.
AliSlilWT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Cam-
eron, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Fen ton,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Lewis,Logan, Morrill
ot Maine, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sumner, Thurman, and Trumbull—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment, to
.add two sections:
Sec. —. That there be and hereby is appropriated
one half of the proceeds of tho sales of the publio
lands to be distributed among the States of Dela-
ware, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Blorida, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas,
Kentucky, Tennessee, and the District of Columbia,
in the ratio of the population of said States and Dis-
trict as exhibited in the reports of tho census of 1870,
and to be expended by the proper authorities of the-
said States and District; to promote the education of
all tho children of said States and District between
the ages of six and sixteen years.
Seo. — That whenever it shall be shown to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Interior that any
one of said States or said District has by its Legis-
lature provided by law for the free education of all
its children between the ages of six and sixteen years,
and has made provision by law for tho application
of all moneys which it shall receive under this act to
promote the education of said children, irrespective
■®f race, color, or previous condition of servitude, it
shall be the duty of the said Secretary of the Interior
to certify the fact of such provisions to the Secretary
of the Treasury, who shall thereupon cause to be
paid the amount due under the provisions of this
act to such officer or officers of the said States or
District as shall be designated to receive the same
by the LegisJatures of said States and District re-
spectively.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this amendment. I am very
sorry the Senator from Massachusetts offers it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. If this were an independ-
ent proposition, I should vote for it with
pleasure, but as an amendment or substitute
for this bill I shall vote against it.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote for this bill
whether it is amended or not, but I shall not do
so with any great degree of enthusiasm. It
does not make a very strong appeal to me. If
we were about to establish some six or seven
great institutions, properly located over the
country, institutions that would be strong and
powerful, I should cheerfully vote for a meas-
ure of that kind, and feel that we were doing
a good work. As it is I fear, to use a mild
term, that we are to found a large number of
weak and sickly institutions that will confer
very little benefit upon any portion of the
country. As this bill is in the direction of
education, I do not like to put my name on
record against even weak and feeble institu-
tions, and I shall therefore vote for it.
But, sir, I should vote with a great deal
clearer conscience and a clearer nead, and
with more earnestness of heart, for devoting
the whole proceeds of the sales of the public
lands for the next few years in educating the
people of the country in the primary schools.
The last census shows that we have nearly
six million uneducated people, and I think
that all that the States, people, and the Fed-
eral Government can do should be done to
give a common-school education to the whole
body of our children.
But, sir, there is one portion of the country
that above all others needs the aid of the Gov-
ernment, needs the aid of the charitable, the
friends of education, and the friends of the
country. We all know that one of the great
evil 8 of slavery was that it discouraged edu-
cation by forbidding the education of the
slaves and of all the colored people, and that
the tendency of the system was to prevent a
large number of the poor white children from
being educated. The results of the late cen-
sus show in a remarkable degree the want of
common-school education in the late slave-
holding States. Now that section of the
country needs in every way the aid of the
Federal Government, the support of the
people of the country.
To aid in building up the slave-cursed and
war-smitten South I propose in this amend-
ment that we shall set apart one half of the
proceeds of the 'sales of the public lands for
the benefit of the primary schools. These
States are poor ; the people are poor. It is
not, disrespectful to them to say they are poor.
They suffered almost beyond the power of ex-
pression by the slave system and the results
of the war. I want to reach to them the.
strengthening support and aid of this nation
and of the charitable and benevolent friends
of education and culture throughout the
country. I believe we ought to unite these
measures, and I want at least the privilege,
once, whether I can ever have it again or not,
of giving my vote to set apart a portion of the
proceeds of the public domain to aid those
States in establishing their struggling school
system, and to build it up for the benefit of
the whole people.
I have offered this amendment in good faith.
I believe, if it is'adopted and this bill goes
back to the House, it will be concurred in. I
believe half the proceeds of the public lands
devoted for a few years to aid these sections of
the country cursed once by an institution that
we deemed hostile to human progress, and
smitten by four years of war, will do great
good to the cause of education, and.will be of
vast advantage to that section of the country.
If it is adopted 1 shall vote more cheerfully
for the bill, but if it is not adopted I propose
to give my vote for the bill as it stands.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
the Senator from Massachusetts is in favor of
the bill without this amendment, and he is
also in favor of the amendment. Therefore,
let him keep the two measures distinct, not
swamp them both by tying them together. I
hope that the amendment will not be adopted,
and if that measure meets the favor of the
Senate it can be taken up as an independent
measure.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, we have
heard a great many times since this discussion
commenced, that to add any sort of amend-
ment, no matter what it is, no matter how
much the bill might need safeguards, how
much it might be improved by amendment,
would defeat the bill; that the House of Repre-
sentatives would not pass it. I do not under-
stand fully what is meant by this statement so
often repeated. I think, however, since the
reading from the public prints by my friend
from New York, I can somewhat better appre-
ciate the feeling of the gentleman in charge of
this bill than 1 could before. When I find a
bill appropriating this vast amount of money
that has never so far as the record shows been
considered by any committee of either House
of Congress, that has been forced through one
House of Congress without amendment, and
without debate, and is now by the same rule 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels bound to remind the Senator that he
thinks the allusion to the proceedings of the
House of Representatives is out of order.
Mr. WINDOM. Perhaps it was out of
order. It is a fact, however. [Laughter.] I
do not propose to allude to it further. I think
we can better appreciate, without any refer-
ence to the action of the other House if it is
out of order, (and I do not wish to be out of
order,) the extreme nervousness of my honor-
able friend from Vermont in permitting this
bill to be further considered by any other body
anywhere, for I am satisfied that no body of
men, unless they have been instructed by Legis-
latures or pledged by those having this bill
at heart who have an interest in it, would be
willing to pass it without some amendment. I
believe there are Senators present who, with
me, conceive that this bill should be amended,
that it is monstrous in some of its provisions;
but they feel themselves bound by_ some sort
of obligation, instructions from their States or
otherwise, to vote against every amendment.
Now, sir, if my State had instructed me to vote
for an agricultural college bill, I would not un-
derstand by that instruction that I was to vote
for any kind of agricultural college bill that any
single individual in either House of Congress
chose to present to me for my vote. I believe
that Ishould have the righttoamend an agricul-
tural college bill. I believe I should have the
right to consider the proposition as we con-
sider other subjects of legislation. I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. 1 am not certain that I should if
it stood alone; but in this connection I shall
certainly vote for it, and I shall not, as a friend
suggests, vote for the bill even if the amend-
ment be put upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the amendment
of the House of Representatives, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ALCORN. On this bill I was con-
strained to pair with the honorable Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who was obliged
to leave the- Hall. If he were here he would
vote for the amendment, and I should vote
against it.
Mr. COOPER. On this amendment I am
