1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
paired with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scott.] He, would vote " nay," and I
should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
retulted —yeas 16, naye 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, ferry of Michigan. Pool, Ramsey, Ran-
som, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Tipton, West,
Wilson, and Windom—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cragm, Uavis, Edmunds, Flanagan,
Frelinehny^en, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Kelly, Miction, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Sherman, Sprague,, Stevenson,
Stewart, and Viekers—-24.
ABSENT — Me-isrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Bl.iir, Cameron. Casse-rly, Chandler, Cooper, Cor-
be:t, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Gold-
ihwaite. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston. Lewis. Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Xye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbnry,
Scburz, Seott, Stockton, Sumner, Tburman, Trum-
bull, and Wright—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I have voted for a few amend-
ments, and I now want to move one myself.
I move to amend the bill in the sixth line of
the third section by striking out "fourth" and
inserting "half" after the word " one," and
by striking out the words after the period in
the sixteenth line down to "share" in the
twenty-first line, as follows:
It-shall further be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay over each year, to the trustees or
boards of managers hereinbefore described, an ad-
ditional quarter of the proceeds of the salesof pub-
lic lands for the preceding fiscal year, apportioning
to each State and to the said Distriot an equal
share.
So that the section will then read:
Sec. 3. That on the 1st day of July, 1873, and in
each year thereafter, itsha.ll be theduty of theSee-
ret.;ry of the Treasury to ascertain the amount of
sales of tile public lands for the preceding fiscal year,
and. after deducting the expenses incurred by such
sales, to invest one half of the Same in outstanding
United States registered bonds having the longest
time to run, bearing five per cent, interest per
annum, payable semi-annually; or at his discretion
he may issuesueh bonds, retaining the money there-
lor in the Treasury, to such college or colleges, giv-
ing to'each State and to' said District from time to
time the equal share to which it may be justly enti-
tled, excluding fractions of less than SI,000; and all
such bonds shall be kept in the custody of the
Treasurer of the United States, who shall semi-
annually pay to the trustees or board of managers,
as hereinbefore detcribed, the interest thereupon
due.
The effect of the amendment, it will be seen,
is simply to require that; the whole of the pro-
ceeds appropriated by the bill shall be funded
instead of funding one half and distributing
one half annually. And the reason why I
move it is that the grant is a national one,
and I think the nation ought to hold the prin-
cipal of it and allow only the annual interest
to be appropriated to constitute a permanent
fund, and to prevent the possibility of any
portion of the principal.being squandered.
Mr. WINDOM. I had intended to move
the same amendment just moved by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin ; and I want to say in ad-
dition to the reasons which he has given for
it, that it will save $47,000,000 to the Treas-
ury, which I think I can demonstrate. As
the bill now stands, one fourth of the net
proceeds of the public lands is to be funded
in live per cent, bonds, and one fourth to be
paid over in cash to these colleges for current
expenditures. This appropriation of money
is to continue until the colleges shall have from
this live per cent, interest on bonds incomes
of $50,000 a year. You will continue, as the
bill stands, lo pay over the one fourth in cash
until each college has one million bonds on
which to draw five per cent, interest.
Now, sir. by the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, if you appropriate one half
of these proceeds to be funded in bonds, you
will save just one half of the amount given by
this bill, which, in other words, is $47,000,000.
I know that, the saving of $47,000,000 is not
an item to be considered, and I have no ex-
pectation that the amendment will be adopted,
but stiil it may be worth a few moments' talk;
it may be worth occupying the Senate for two
or three minutes to say, and I think it cannot
be disproven by the friends of the bill, that
this will be the effect of it. One million to
each of these colleges I think is an ample
appropriation. Let us try to save forty-seven
millions if we can.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. .-J do not
think that I shall propose to answer all the
amendments that may be offered. I will
merely ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. I said to-day in the
short time I was in the Senate Chamber what
I thought of this bill. I said that if it were
passed in the shape proposed it would be a
violation of the Constitution of the United
States, because there are none of the enumer-
ated powers in the Constitution that permit a
bill of this character to be passed. I have
listened to-night, .since I have been here, with
much interest to what has been said on both
sides of the question, and my convictions are
so clear and I feel so decided in my mind that
gentlemen who are voting for this bill, without
a proper examination possibly, will regret it,
that I desire, before this bill shall be passed
and before this amendment shall be voted
upon, simply to offer my protest. That is all
I have the power of doing.
Mr. President, this is simply a subsidy bill,
nothing more or less. It is a subsidy to cer-
tain colleges or institutions in this country.
I want you, sir, to know, and I want the Sen-
ate to know before you vote on this bill, that
it is nothing more than a subsidy bill. Prac-
tically reduced to the elements which the
argument has reduced it by other gentlemen
here, it is nothing but a bill to vote to certain
institutions for certain purposes a large amount
of Government money taken out of the pock-
ets of the people. Gentlemen in the Senate
have their indignation aroused when a sug-
gestion is made to subsidize a line which we
are told will promote American commerce,
will raise up ship-building, will promote trade,
and be of great advantage to this country ; but
now we are called upon to sit all day, and I
presume all night, to discuss the question
whether we will subsidize certain particular
colleges in certain particular States.
Mr. President, 1 have asked over and over
heretofore, and I ask again, for some explana-
tion of this. • Why is it that all the other sub-
sidy bills are laid aside and that this bill comes
up in this way? Why is it that the public
business is thrown aside and that night and
day we are to sit to discuss the question of
whetheritis constitutional, or whetherit is not,
to vote these large sums of money and sell the
territory of the nation that we may appropriate
the proceeds to certain particular colleges?
It is for no other purpose whatever, judging
by its practical result, than to subsidize cert
tain particular institutions; and I say now
to you, sir, and in the presence of the Ameri;
can Senate, that a more mischievous bill than
that which is proposed to be put through to-
night never has been introduced into the
American Congress. It is a bill that strikes
at the very root of our institutions. It is a
bill, as I said this morning, that takes charge
of the education of the people, that makes the
Government of the United States the educators
of the people; a bill which cannot be ex-
ecuted without introducing into our laws what
is prohibited by the Constitution of the United
States—a sectarian question. It is a bill that
interferes with, those local institutions which,
being the foundation of the common law in
England, our superstructure was builtupon by
our forefathers.
Sir, when worn out with poverty and dis-
ease I seek some place to die, 1 can go to that
spot at home where my poor-rates are paid,
and there they take care of me by the lawsof the
land. When the road that runs through my
town is to be repaired, my friends and con-
stituents meet and vote upon the necessary
amount to repair that road. When the ehil- i
dren of my State are to be educated, the peo-
ple of my neighborhood, my fellow-citizens,
meet in town meeting and vote the amount
•necessary to do it. . We brought that liberty
from another country, which may be freer
to-day practically in many respects than we
are now. We brought that liberty with us;
and rising step by step, the county judges
where its bridges are to be made, where its
roads are to be made, and it judges what is
necessary for the education of its people. The
State that I represent has never been behind-
hand in educating its people. It knows as
well as any Senator in this body the import-
ance of popular education. It knows as well
as any Senator in this Senate, or any man in
the United States, that the foundation of lib-
erty is built in this country upon popular intel-
ligence. But it knows enough also to know
that personal liberty and the exercise of per-
sonal rights is at the foundation of popular
education.
Mr. President, what is the meaning of the
word " education ?" Ob, there are a great
many things that a man may learn, and a child
may learn that it does not. It is for us in our
townships, and our counties, and our States to
determine for ourselves what we think due to
our people. They are our governors. They
send us to the Senate, and they send their
Representatives to the other House; and we
have a right to say something about how they
shall be educated. There is many and many
a system of education advocated by gentlemen
on this floor which I should rather see far
from my people—what they call education.
The first principle of education, the first
foundation of education is built, in my hum-
ble judgment, on honesty, on truthfulness,
and on courage. From that you may start;
but to start on a false foundation and cram
the minds of the children with false notions
and with false figures may possibly be found
out before this generation is over to do no
good. But right or wrong on that question, I
have a right to judge; my constituents have
the right to judge; and I do protest against
subsidizing certain particular schools, certain
particular colleges in different States to carry
out any particular views. I protest, more-
over, against the doctrine at the foundation of
this bill, that the Government of the United
States has the right and the power to interfere
with the education of the people. No such
power is enumerated in the Constitution as
among the powers d'elegated. No such power
is given to the Federal Government from any
source that I know of. It holds no such power
by the will of t.he people. When this question
comes to be understood, as it will be, and
when the manner in which this bili was put
through the House comes to be understood,
when the whole question about this bill comes
to be known and appreciated, I make the pro-
diction now that gentlemen who are advocat-
ing it to-night will regret that they have advo-
cated it.
The bill is not one that presses. It is not a
bill that will not bear investigation if it be right.
It is not a bill that cannot be put before a
committee. And yet every amendment and
every motion to refer to a committee has been
overruled. Why should this bill be put through
without a chance to examine it or a chance
lo amend it? Do gentlemen say that it is
opposed by those who are opposed to educa-
tion ? Mr. President, they will not. maintain
that position : they cannot maintain that posi-
tion. The opponents of this bill are the friends
of education in this country and throughout
this country.
As I said before, when these subsidy ques-'
tions were up, the honest searcher of truth
is told "if you do not give a subsidy to this,
line the lme will break down ; the English
Government or some other government will
do this business," and the argument is so
strong that it absolutely carries away the honest
judgment of a man; and so it comes on the
