1873.
THE CONGKESSIONALr GLOBE.
753
materials. (Executive Document No. Ill,
second session Forty First Congress, page 32.)
2. The capital required to build i na run the
ship costs bat two to three per cent, interest in
England, while in the United States it costs
from six to seven per cent. (Executive Doc-
ument No. 76, third session Forty-First Con-
gress, page 25.)
3. The cost of ship supplies in the United
States, in absence of rebate of duties, is about
twenty per cent., in the aggregate, in excess
of foreign supplies. (Executive Document
No. Ill, second session Forty-First Congress,
page 51.)
4. The cost of the labor for officering and
manning the ship is with us, as contrasted with
England, about as seventy-two is to one hun-
dred and one; this as estimated in 1870.
(Executive Document No. 11, second session
Forty- First Congress, page 51.)
5. The taxes, State ana national, levied upon
whit enters into the creation and maintaining
of an American line did heretofore exceed the
tax on British lines about as fifteen to one.
(Executive Document No. 76, third session
Forty-First Congress, page 25.)
6. England grants a rebate of duties upon
imports used on shipboard amounting to an
annual subsidy to her ships of $2,328,762 in
gold. (Executive Document No. 76, third ses-
sion Forty-First Congress, page26.) Wehave
allowed none.
7. England pays in direct annual subsidies
to nine lines $4,201,866 in gold; and France
pays $4,732,267. (Executive Document No.
76, third session Forty-First Congress, pages
24 and 63.) We allow none to any line with
Europe.
These differences against us, added to the
enormous wealth and power acquired by oar
commercial adversaries by our payment to
them of the seventy-one and a half millions a
year for doing the carrying of the United
States, and other like causes, will be confessed
to furnish reasons not only adequate for the
explanation why the American flag is becoming
a stranger on the ocean, but enough to show
that it must soon totally disappear unless these
causes are speedily removed or counteracted
by the action of the Government.
Great as we are compelled to confess these
differences against us now seem, I tnow there
is not an American heart so cowardly or lost
to the impulses of patriotism, or of mere self-
preservation, as to sink beneath this danger
of our commercial extinction,- or which does
not prompt the instant exclamation: " These
obstructions shall be overcome and the nation
rescued." The question you ask is not whether
the obstacles to our commercial greatness shall
be overcome, but is how surest, quickest, and
best shall we remove them.
FAVORABLE FACTS.
Most glad am I, Mr. Speaker, to assure the
House and country that some of these differ-
ences against us are rather' adventitious and
temporary than real or enduring, and are
already either disappearing or removable by
agencies not involving the voting of any direct
subsidies. Others hate already been removed,
in whole or part, and the residue are such
as can be removed without the infliction of
unbearable taxation.
Those taxes on commerce which have not
already been removed by the abolishment
of taxes upon shipping interests by the law
of June 9, 1872, granting rebate on ship
materials, &c., and by abolition of interna!
revenue taxes, should be speedily removed.
The advance, within a year, of the cost of
iron, labor, and supplies for ships in England
has materially reduced their advantages over
us in iron ship-building, and the boundless
and easy supplies we hold of both iron, coal,
and wood, added to the ten per cent of supe-
riority in the tensile quality of American iron
for ships, together with our either attained or
attainable progress iu the application of
machinery in producing ships, has or soon
4"2d Gong. 3d Sess.—Nu. 48.
will nearly abolish the advantages hitherto
held by England over (is m the production of
the iron ship. The differences which remain,
and which must be met, are m'ainlyin the cost
of our labor and Capital, added to the direct
subsidies annually voted by other nations.
How best to overcome these is the momentous
practical problem submitted now to the
American people and to their Congress.
THE TWO RIVAL PLANS FOR REVIVAL OF COMMERCE.
Bat two policies have been materially
pressed for adoption. These two rival plans
may be stated thus: one proposes to procure
for American ships from foreign countries,
at their prices, whatever ie required to make-
and maintain those lines under our flag. The
other plan, and that on which the bill of the
committee is founded, is to permit ship sup-
plies a.nd materials for ships to have tbe bene-
fit of rebate of duties, or equivalent bounties,
but to insist that the buildi ng of the ships and
procurement of the officers and men thereof,
and the controlling ownership, shall be Ameri-
can and not alien, and that the differences
now against us in cost resulting from insisting
that these shall be American shall be over-
come by direct Government aid.
My time precludes an attempt at giving even
an epitome of the argument on which the com-
mittee rests its adoption of this policy. Some
of my own reasons I condense thus:
First of all, any policy wholly refusing all
Government aid, and trusting for the creation
of SHi American marine to the procurement of
the things, even should these be everything
required to create and maintain it, in cheap
foreign markets will never give as any lines
or ships under our flag, simply because such
lines would still have to compete with lines
subsidized enormously by their Governments,
as in ease of England, at the rate of $4,201,866,
and France at the rate of $4,732,267 per year
in gold.
Mr. SARGENT. Will my friendfrom Ohio
inform me whether under the English system
subsidies are granted to lines running between
particular points, or by system of general dis-
tribution, as proposed by bill of the committee?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In reply to the
inquiry of my friend from California, I will
state that England has a board of trade ex-
actly in substance like this reported by the
committee in the first section of the bill. The
English board of trade makes recommenda-
tion and has control over the question of sub-
sidizing these lines, just as this bill gives it,
A recommendation of the board of trade of
England in the budget is equivalentpiractically
to law, and it is a matter of form in putting
the budget through the British Parliament. I
thank the gentleman for his question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, since 1 have prepared
these remarks I have received from General
Schenck, United States minister at the Court
of St. James, a more recent statement of the
subsidies paid by England, and, according to
that statement, received day before yesterday,
tbe amount England now pays is a little more
than what I have stated in my remarks. It is
$4,966,701 52 in gold.
This advantage added to others, such as the
enormously augmented wealth of our rivals,
the increase of subsidy we may expect our
rivals to receive when our Government dis-
closes a fixed policy of leaving our lines
unaided, to that fierce hostility of England
which puts, at enormous loss, competing lines
against each one started by us till ours is
crushed, will certainly suffice to destroy ours,
if uncared for by tbe United States. •• (See Ex-
Doc. 76, Forty-First Congress, p. 26.)
S81F LIXKS HAYING NOTHING IN THEit AMERICA*.' ABE
NOT AMBEIOAS.
Next, a policy which involves our making
an American merchant marine out of nothing
American except what can be procured at as
low prices as our rivals would be willing to
supply us at, so long as we are rivals, would
be marvelously un-American. The iron ship
would be foreign; its supplies would be
foreign; the capital in it would be foreign;
insurance risks upon it would be foreign; the
labor which created it would be foreign; the
profits of its building would be foreign; the
profits of its running would be foreign; the
sailors and officers upon it would be foreign ;
its shapes and capacities would be foreign;
its movements and control would be foreign ;
the docks for its repair would be foreign; and
the bunting for its flag and the dyes for the col-
ors thereof would be foreign; and the residue
thereof would be American! What that res-
idue is and the services it would render the Re-
public as the "American" part of our marine
after we had created it they will tell you who
think American lines can be created, officered,
manned, and dominated and owned by our
alien rivals. I have no arithmetic adequate
to detect what that remainder is.
ENGLAND PROTECTS AN8 SUBSIDIZES HBR SHIPS.
Again, political economy is preeminently
the science taught by expriment—is tentative.
Here a statesman is surely insane who follows
mere theory and rejects what is taught by the
experience of all other nations. Looking to
this source of learning I pray to be informed
what commercial State has ever gone abroad
for all ber ships, seamen, and the capital
which creates and guides them 1 Passing by,
however, the teachings on this point furnished
by all otiier States, let us take the example
of England. Let us take this one, not only
because of this being the highest example in
history of commercial success, and because it
is the power we must now combat, but also
because this is tbe example we are all pointed
to as the one exhibiting the benefits of free
trade in ships. From the date of the commer-
cial code of Cromwell she not an hone ceased
to enforce a policy which is summed up in.a
single sentence. I quote from an able report
from one of your Departments:
It seems as if British statesmen wero for two
hundred years haunted by a dread lest ia all the
wide world a loop-hole of advantage might be left
to tbe ships of other nations, which, by any possi-
bility, a-n act of Parliament could secure to the
British flag."
Aiid when, in 1849, she relaxed this ex-
clusion of every other nation from every part
in her commerce, it was thirty years after we
had tendered reciprocity to her, and when this
two hundred years of such Government nursing
had made her so secure in the monopoly of
ship-buiiding and ship-running, that to tender
to other nations the building ot her ships and
carrying of her freights was but the merest
mockery of hospitality, tendered by the fox
to the stork, under conditions rendering the
guest's participation in the proffered feast Im-
possible.
So true was it that no other natiou could
wrest from her any part of her ship-building
or ship-running that the result of her tender to
other nations of the building of her ships did
not secure to the entire foreign, world "the
building of two per cent, of whatshe registered
in 1869, in which year she registered three
hundred and fifty-four thousand two hundred
and eighty-seven tons) Tbe exact truth is
that this mockery of freedom and reciprocity
in ships was only resorted to by England when
she knew her power had become so supreme
that this show of free and reciprocal trade
would give her, as it has, the carrying of our
commerce and secure to us nothing in retnrq,
But to make it wholly impossible for you to
reap anything from ber tender, she couples it
with the payment to her ships of such annual
subsidies as renders her monopoly in her own
as well as in your ship-building and running
complete. • '
Thus I show you that, so far from England's
being an example of the wisdom of an infant
nation's leaving its commerce uncared for to
the mercies of its merciless, powerful, century-
grown and Government-fed rivals, she has been
for centuries, and is to-day, its tender, sleep-
