1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY, (at eleven o'clock and
three minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
llie Senator from Delaware moves that the
Senate now adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays i£t order that we may see what Senators
are here. [''No!" "No!"] I withdraw the
call in order that we taay finish thife bill and
proceed with business. We will take a division
first, to see whether there is a quorum present.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to;
there being on tt division—ayes 12, noes 26.
The PRESIDING "OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs dh the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to iusert the following:
That the amount of money and bonds provided for
in this act shall be paid over to tho States and Terri-
tories respectively; and to be distributed by tbe
Jjegislatur.es of all of said States and Territories for
education#! and collegiate purposes in such mode
as they may deem best.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend tho
amendment by striking out " educational and
collegiate purposes " and inserting "common
schools."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on .the amendment of the 'Senator from
South Carolina to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Tho amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on (ny amendment.
. The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am paired with the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] I
presume he would vote for this amendment,
and 1 should vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Kelly, Maohen, Ramsey, Ransom, Sauls-
bury, Soharz, Stevonson, Tipton, Vickers, and Win-
dom—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghnysen, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howo, Johnston, Morrill
of Vermont, Patcrson, Pool, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spraguo, Stewart, West, Wilson, and Wriffht—27.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Ba-
yard, Blair, Camoron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan. Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas,
Lewis, Logan. Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood,
Wye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and Trum-
bull-33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WINDOM. I have three or four
amendments which I have been trying for the
last five hours to offer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Offer them all together.
Mr. WINDOM. No, sir, I will offer them,
one at a time. After the word "dollars"
iu line twenty-five, on page 1, I move to insert
" or in the aggregate the sum of $1,000,000."
The effect of this amendment will be simply
to limit the amount that each college may
receive. Under the present bill, as I have
several times stated to day, each of these col-
leges may receive $2,000,000. The Senator
from South Carolina stated to-day that the
Seudte bill as originally passed appropriated
twic.e the amount of money that this does. I
think it can be very clearly demonstrated, but
I shall not go into it again, that this appro-
priates the amount of two millions, on which
1 want some limitation eomewhere in this bill.
It does not propose to take bonds from any-
body, but proposes to hand over millions of
dollars to irresponsible parties whom we do
not know anything about. I want at least
some limitation. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLY. I am paired with the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton.]
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. WILSON. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.]
The call of the roll having been concluded,
Mr. WILSON. ' If it is necessary to make a
quorum, I vote "yea."
Mr. ANTHONY., I refrained from voting
because I was paired; but I will now vote in
the way that I suppose the Senator with whom
I am paired would vote, to make a quorum.
Mr. LOGAN. I am paired with the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fenton ;] but I shall
vote, to make a quorum, in the way that I pre-
sume he would vote if here. He would vote
"yea," I presume, and I so vote.
The result was announced—yeas 9, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Conkling, Logan,
Ramsey, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Windom—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Clayton, Cragin, Edmunds, Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan,'Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howo, Johnston. Morrill of Vermont, Patter-
son, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stewart, and Wright—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cald-
well, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Colo, Cooper,
Corbett, Davis, Fen ton, Ferry of Connecticut. Ferry
of Michigan Gilbort, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Lewis, Ma-
chcn, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury. Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickors—40.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the absentees be requested to attend.
Mr. HAMLIN. The roll should be called
first to see who are present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest that the proper motion is for a
call of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the
motion. I move a call of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary called the roll; and the fol-
lowing Senators answered to their names:
Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling; Cragin.
Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Howo, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Ran-
som, Robertson, Sehurz.Sprague, Stewart,Thurman,
Tipton, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—34.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thirty-four
Senators answer to their names, disclosing
the fact that no quorum is present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
suppose any Senator here to-day has consumed
any time that he has not felt it his duty to
consume ; but certainly the majority are not
responsible for the large consumption of time
that we have witnessed during the day and
evening. I nt>w ask as a compromise that th'e
bill may bo considered as engrossed and that
we take the vote on its passage to-morrow,
without further debate or amendment, at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not vote on the
amendment for the reason that I was paired
with the Senator from Nevada; but had it been
necessary to make a quorum, I would have
voted. My vote would not have made a quo-
rum. As he was in favor of the bill, I would
have voted so as to make a quorum, knowing
that he would desire me to do so rather than
that the Senate should break up for want of a
quorum ; but I understand that my vote would
not make a quorum. I make this statement
because it would not be a violation of the
spirit of my pair with the Senator from Nevada.
He wants the bill to pass, and of course does
not want it to fail for want of a quorum; but
as my vote will not make a quorum, I shall
refrain from voting until it will.
Mr. TIPTON. Is a motion to adjourn in
order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It, is.
Mr. TIPTON, (at eleven o'clock and twenty-
five minutes p. m.) I move, then, .that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; let us see if we can-
not attend to business this session.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 12, noes 19.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the absentees be invited to attend the session
of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. That, is a debatable
question, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not when there is no
quorum. j
Mr. CONKLING. We shall see about that. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair k
will be very happy to hear the Senator from '
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. . Mr. President, it is not
my way either to go out to break up a quorum,
because I have sometimes ventured to com-
plain of it when I have thought it was done,
or to speak or act with a view to the mere
hinderance of the body. I hope ,jio Senator
will suppose that I. mean to do that, even for
the moment which I ask to occupy. We are
going to meet at eleven o'clock iu the morn-
ing, and we are going, as I anticipated when
this order was made, to sit here at times to an
inconveniently late hour. There are many
things which do not appertain to the ordinary
business of the Senate which every Senator is
compelled at this stage of the session to see
to. Now I am willing, if that is the judg-
ment of the Senate, to stay here, as we have
done several times before, and engage in what
at this hour_ of the evening will be a vain at-
tempt to invite or compel the attendance of a
quorum, and I admit that I am quite as able
to undergo the hardship as many Senators
around me and more so than several Senators
■fthom I see.
I venture, however, to suggest to the Senate,
that as we are to be here late at night and early in
the morning during every day from now till the
adjournment, it is an unwise application of
time. We shall remain here, those who do,
and become greatly wearied and jaded, and
then go home at an unusual hour with work
yet to be done to-night. I imagine I speak
for most of the members of the Senate when I
say that after we go from here, although it
may be an hour or two hours hence, there is
considerable work to be done before we go to
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. WilltheSen-
ator fromNew York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was with
a view to consult the ease and pleasure of the
Senate that I made the suggestion that there
should be a general understanding that we
should take this vote, without debate, to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. So it was, and I gave
the Senator credit for that; but if he will par-
don me, it is unnecessary for any Senator to
object to that, if Senators should be so dis-
posed, because the rule stands " a lion in the
path," as my friend beside me, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] who is among the best parliamentarians
there is, has reminded us; and the rule says
that no business whatever can be done, and it
has been said even when a quorum was present
that Senators here could not bind those away
by one of these agreements. I do not ac-
knowledge the force of that argument at all,
but I have heard Senators say that they did
not feel that they were bound, having been
absent themselves, by an agreement made by
other Senators in their absence. ' I do not
embrace that theory. I do, idwevei:, submit,
arid I think my friend from Maine frill bear
me out in that, that if, in violation'of the, rule
which says that no business at all Shall be done
in our present condition, we proceed to that
business which consists of coming to a unani-
mous consent, although it is not put in the
form of an order, that at a certain hour the
Senate shall do certain things without debate,
