1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers in the case of William J. Black-
istone, now before the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
papers in the cases of Charles Marklein and
General A. S. Webb.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the
files of the House papers in the case of Major
Willhoite, of Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Mrs. Jeffries, of Ken-
tucky.
naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous coDseat,
appointed the following as members on the
part of the House of the committte of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Navy appropriation bill: Mr. Hale of
Maine, Mr. Scofield of Pennsylvania, .and
Mr. Archer of Maryland.
ladies upon the floor.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is a
most unpleasant act when we have the most
disagreeable legislative duty to' perform 
The SPEAKER. What point of order does
the gentleman raise ?
Mr. HALDEMAN. That the floor should
he cleared.
The SPEAKER. The House has granted,
by unanimous consent, this morning that ladies
should be admitted to the floor. Had the
gentleman then objected it would have been
sufficient, but it is now too late.
ordkr of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
■will submit the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union in
order to finish up the legislative appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am ready to
go on with the bill now.
The SPEAKER. The special order this
morning after the reading of the Journal is
the consideration of the report made from the
select committee to investigate in relation to
to the Credit Mobilier.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move that the rules of the House be sus-
pended for the purpose of going into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to finish the legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will permit the
committee to manage their own bills.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will if
you make objection.
Mr. BANKS. I object to any suspension
of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not en-
tertain the motion if objected to by the gen-
tleman having charge of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw it if the gentleman has any objecton.
credit mobilikr.
TheSPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the resolutions reported from the select com-
mittee of which the gentleman irom Vermont
[Mr. Poland] is chairman.
The Clerk read as follows:
1. Whereas Mr. Oakek Ames, a Representative in
this House from the State of Massachusetts, has
been guilty of selling to mombers of Congress snares
oi stock in the Credit Mobilier of America, for pnecs
much beiosv the true value of such stock, with intent
thereby to inflenco the votes and decisions oi suen
member;- in matters to be brought bolore Congress
lor action: Therefore,
Jhiolvti, Tbat Mr. Oakes Ames he. and lie is
hereby, expelled from his seat as a member ol ttas
Whereas Mr. James Bkooks, a Representative
in thi- House from (lie State of ]New York, did
procure the Credit Mobilier Company to issue and
ikiive; toOhaii.-s II.XeiNon.fortbo use and beneht
ol .ilid Biiooks, lilty Minros ot tno stock of saw
enmnanv, at a price much below its real value. Well
knowing that the same was so issued and delivered
with intent to influence the votes and decisions of
said Brooks as a member of the House in matters
to bo brought before Congress for action, and also
to influence the action of said Brooks as a Govern-
ment director in the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany: Therefore,
lleaolved, That Mr. James Brooks be, and he is
hereby, expelled from his seat as a member of this
House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move as a substitute for those resolutions
the following, in order that all matters may be
brought before the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas a select committee of this House has,
after investigation, reported to the House testimony
which is deemed by them sufficient to show criminal
action in one or more members of this House; and
whereas the testimony shows that similar acts have
been done by other persons not now members of
this House; and whereas it clearly appears what-
ever acts were done or offenses committed by mem-
bers of this House, or by any civil officer of the
United States now in office, or others, were done
and committed more than five years ago, within the
jurisdiction of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia; ^nd whereasin thejudgment ofthis House
the House of Representatives has no legal or con-
stitutional right to use its power of expulsion of its
members as punishments for crimes done and com-
mitted by a member before his election thereto, and
that the punishment of all crimes and offenses
against the laws should be after trial by jury and
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction:
Therefore, , , Tr
Resolved, That in the judgment of the House, as it
appears there is probable cause to believe, from the
report of the testimony submitted by the select
committee of investigation of the matter of the
Credit Mobilier. that grave offenses, punishable by
the statutes of the United States as well as at com-
mon law, such as giving or receiving bribes, or false
swearing, may have been committed, as shown in
said testimony, within the District of Columbia,
that therefore the Clerk of the House be, ana is
hereby, ordered to cause a copy of the testimony so
taken to be forwarded to the District attorney, the
prosecuting officer of the United States for said Dis-
trict, with the recommendation of this House that
the same and other testimony which lie may deem
material heshall cause to be presented to the grand
jury sitting in and for said District at the next ses-
sion thereof; that he may take such action in the
premises as to law and justice shall appertain.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. My point is this: the
special committee having reported resolutions
relating only to two members of this House,
who are named therein, no resolution what-
ever extending to any other members of this
House, pending the report of the special com-
mittee, save what relates to the persons named
therein, to wit, the two persons named in the
report, is in order.
The SPEAKER. The resolution now pend-
ing before the House for action 
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say before the Chair proceeds to rule that I do
not consent at, the present time to the intro-
duction of the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to object to it.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to consult my
associates on the committee, and to get their
consent before I shall feel inclined to admit
that resolution.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont being entitled to the floor, the Chair pre-
sumed he had yielded to the gentleman from
i Massachusetts. Since he has not done so, the
! resolution ofthegeutlemanfrom Massachusetts
! is not before the House, and the Chair reserves
i his ruling till it be before the House.
! Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
' pose, whenever I can get the floor in the course
i of the discussion, to offer in substance the
[ resolution which I have sent to the Chair.
Mr. POLAND. I do not mean to say that
the committee will not consent tfaat the gen-
tleman may offer it; bur until I have an oppor-
tunity to consult with my associates, I do not
choose to consent to its admission at the pres-
ent, time. „ TT
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poiaxp] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Before the gentleman from
Vermont proceeds, 1 think it would be very
desirable that we should have some under-
standing as to the duration of this debate, as
to the number of speakers who may partici-
pate in it, and as to when the gentleman from
Vermont proposes to call for a vote of the
House. As I understand it, the members of
this special committee have the right to occupy
the attention of the House in preference to
other members of the House in case they
desire to do so. There are five of them. I
understand, moreover, that many, if not all
the gentlemen who have been referred to in
this repdrt, desire also to address the House
upon the question. If that be so, sir, there
are twelve speeches to be made, seven by the
gentlemen implicated, five by members of the
special committee, to the exclusion of any
other members of the House on either side
who also may desire to be heard upon the
question.
Now, sir, in view of these circumstances, I
would like the chairman of the committee who
have charge of this report and the resolutions
to indicate to the House what is his intention
with reference not only to the admission of the
amendment, but also with reference to the
time at which he proposes to call the previous
question upon the resolutions.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, the commit-
tee did not consider that it was any part of
their duty to attempt to fix any limitation
upon this debate. The committee understand
very well the pressure of public business, and
how near we are to the close of the session;
and they do not desire to prolong this debate
unnecessarily. And whenever the House shall
indicate they desire to have the debate
stopped, the committee will be entirely content.
But at the same time they do not deem it their
province to undertake in advance to fix any
limitation upon the debate whatever; nor have
the members of the committee any desire to
occupy so much time themselves as.the gen-
tleman from New York intimates that we have
the right to do. They propose to be governed
very much by the temper and the judgment
of the House as to the length of the debate
that may be allowed, and to allow one half of
all the time that is taken to those who desire
to contest the positions assumed in the report.
Mr. WOOD. I think, with this explanation
of the chairman of the special committee, the
House will be quite content.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Vermont is entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. POLAND. In rising to support the
resolutions which have been reported by the
special committee of which I have the honor
to be the chairman, I do not design to go very
elaborately into a discussion of the facts that
have been reported by the committee to the
House, or into a very extensive exposition of
the law upon which the committee claim their
report to be supported.
I am aware that we are very near the end ot
the session and of this Congress, and that there
is a very great pressure of public business that
ought to be done.
Another reason that induces me not to go so
extensively into this matter as otherwise I might
do is that the report of the committee discusses
the questions tff fact and law involved in this
case to a considerable extent, and that report
has for several days been in the possession ot
the members of the House, and has been dis-
cussed in the public press. _
Another reason, sir, why I do not design to
discuss this matter at very_ great length is in
consequence of the peculiar position of our
report, because we do not as yet and in ad-
vance precisely know all the questions that we
may be called upon to discuss.
And just here I may be allowed to say a
word in explanation of this report, which I
think will absolve it somewhat from some of
the criticisms that have been made updn it.
I The resolution of the House under which the
I committee was constituted and by which it was
' directed in the performance of its duties
