1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
that is the beautiful and benignant principle of
tiiis measure. The gentleman has no answer
to that. Perhaps the agricultural implement
business does not need " reviving." [Laugh-
ter.] Perhaps they are protected in various
ways already. But I will not go into that
The farmers pay for that when they buy the
machines. Some day they will find out what
I mean. Perhaps the gentleman from Ohio
has nothing to say on that point, yet that is
his business. I ask every man. who represents
farming or commerce to analyze on plain
principles this bill of cruel, uneconomical,
and flagrant injustice. I do not wish to use
harsh words, but a bill of subsidies like this is
piracy. It takes from the many to give to the
tew. It takes it by the hand of the selfish and
strong.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. COX With the greatest delight. I
have not seen my friend since his immigration
bill failed. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. The enjoyment of meeting
is mutual.
Mr. COX. The gentleman, as I believe,
has immigration in this bill. Ha? But go on
with your question.
Mr. CONGER. I should like to- inquire
why the gentleman in his argument asks that
importers alone, of all the people of the Uuited
States, shall have the privilege of buying ships
and bringing in their imports free of duty when
everything else is required to pay its proper
duty ? Heasks for the protection of the import-
ers, and not for the protection of every other
interest in this land. Why is it that he is in
favor of giving thisprivilege to only one class,
and that the importers, which class he repre-
sents upon (his floor?
Mr. COX. The gentleman is arguing with
his heels and standing on his head. [Laugh-
ter.] I wish to convince him he is wrong in
attributing to me any such idea. I represent
no special class. If my remarks seem to free
the importer^ from undeserved burdens, and
thus free others, I ask why should they not
have the privileges of fair government as well
as other people? They do not ask bounties
or tariffs. Why not let them have free regis-
try ? If you choose to tax by way of tariff the
ships they would buy and import and register,
very well. Fix your tax. But do not make
it prohibitory. Now the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] can see how he has
mistaken my point, when he attributes to me
a desire for special legislation.
Mr. CONGER. I do not think I under-
stand the gentleman's point.
Mr. COX. I cannot help the gentleman to
see, but if he will take my spectacles I think
he will be able to see it. The gentleman from
Michigan is like other gentlemen in this
House who urge and obtain protection for
their respective local industries. He has his
lumber to take care of, aud ship-building
enhances the home market for lumber. Why
not, on principles of equal justice, allow the
importer to bay his ship or medium of trans-
portation abroad? Why not allow him to go
for lumber to Canada ? Why not allow this
without paying tax or tariff? Oh! I wish that
I could make an enlarged liberal, say a cos-
mopolitan emphasis, on the gentleman. But
he is a Michigander. He is a man who stands
by his constituents and their timber. He is
limited by the interests of his own State. Well,
some of the best men in this House are thus
bound. Yet they know the general interest.
When I present a large, far-reaching amend-
ment becoming the Representative of the com-
mercial metropolis, the entrepot of the com-
merce of the country; when I speak in the
interest of the largest body of generous com-
mercial men from the source and center of
nearly the whole of ourimporting and export-
ing commerce ; when speaking for a city which
nature and enterprise have made, andinto which
three fourths of our commerce goes out and
comes in, the grand and proud gateway of a
people of forty millions; when 1 consciongly
represent the best intellect, industrial, mer-
cantile, economical, and liberal in our land,
and which does not ask protection or bounties,
or anything in the shape of taxes to be levied
on other localities or industries for their ag-
grandizement—a very genius of enterprise
which asks only to be let alone that it may go
with its ships on the free, common sea, free as
its wild waves and winds,. free to draw from
all the world to their own country the riches
of other lands, and free to send out our pro-
ducts in glad and golden interchanges—when
I propose these generous policies, lo! the
gentleman says he cannot see the propriety of
my representing a selfish class of importers
on a measure fraught with eommereial and
economical liberties.
If he will only rise to a higher plane he may
perceive the meaning of my thought. I would
speak for the best economy. Good economy
is the highest morality. Morality approaches
very near the Christian throne. If the gentle-
man will allow me to lead him gently along I
will bring him within the consecrated pale of
that fair, beautiful, and true religion which ex-
tended itself through the world and still extends
its benignities—on the wings of commerce,
even as in the early days on the blue Mediter-
ranean. Ah! if the gentleman had lived in
those simple and early days on one of those
islands in that blue sea which Paul traversed
for the evangelization of the heathen and
the barbarian, and if Paul had landed on his
island and had seen him, I have no doubt that
the first man whom Paul would have "'gone
for" would have been the gentleman from
Michigan. [Great laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I desire to say just one
word to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) Does the gentleman from New
York yield to the gentleman from Michigan?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. CONGER. I asked the gentleman a
plain, simple, unvarnished question, which
would have required only a word to answer.
But he has replied to me by bursts of elo-
quence tinged with wrath, by gnshings of
sympathy tempered with prudence, by sobs
of nature sanctified by grace. Cannot the
gentleman answer my plain, simple, homely
question?
Mr. GOX. Everybody knows that the gen-
tleman from Michigan is the least homely indi-
vidual in the House ; and his questions are
always pertinent, and, as a iriend behind me
says, very simple. While I do not wish to be
distracted just now from the point I was making
by irrelevant or gushing eloquence on the part
of my friend from Michigan, yet if he will pat
his question distinctly I will endeavor to an-
swer it. What is the gentleman's question ?
Mr. CONGER- My question was this:
why, if the gentleman opposed any special
privileges to any class of people tn the United
States, he should, as the special representative
of the importers, demand, as his amendment i
does, thai they shall be permitted to buy their
ships without paying duties which all others
are required to pay? That is m.v question.
Mr. COX. That will do. The gentleman
can take his seat now. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I do not specially represent
importers. I never have represented one class
here. I do not know how many importers live j
in my district. They are distributed all over i
New York city, in Jersey City, in Williams-
burg, in Brooklyn, everywhere. We who come
from New York city do not represent a class.
The great body of the men who voted for us
are workingmen. The men who did the most
voting that sent me here are the stevedores, j
the draymen, and the truckmen. They wait I
on the great steamers which ply the ocean J
between Europe and New York. There are !
in my district some five thousand such. They
live along the Hudson. They voted, it may
be, their interests, but they voted in favor of
having a free interchange of commodities with
all the world. By this craft they live, I-was
voted for by a majority'of the people of that
district simply for the reason that I was in the
interest of the laboring men; and true labor
is not set apart as a class to be contemned by
any one, East or West. Why, sir, the honest
importer is a laboring man; he labors in the
highest sense. What does he not do by his
work ? He brings the products of other climes
here. He asks no favor. He would bring
them cheap. He would buy ships in the
cheapest market. He thus makes transporta-
tions cheap. He thus makes all ihe neces-
sities and comforts of life cheap. He is a
benefactor, under God, to all! He would do
it best by getting rid of your odious tariffs
upon his business. He would do it beat, by
free trade with all. Perhaps now the gentle-
mau can see that the interest of the importer
is the interest of the whole people. Perhaps
he can see how I reconcile all the interests
of my city and district. But I do not speak
here, sir, for the importers only: I do not
speak for my own constituents only I speak
for yours, and for all the tax ridden people.
I speak as well for the consumers of carpets,
dry goods, and woolen cloths; for those who
use lumber, leather, and irou. I would have
everything that you tax by your tariffs relieved
of excessive burden by the cheapest freights.
If I do represent importers, I represent also
the honest and poor people of all parts of the
country. They deserve, as they desire, cheap
transportation which cheapens commodities.
I am opposed to scarcity; in favor of abun-
dance. I want competition by sailing ship or
steamer, by locomotive or stage. I am -against
subsidies. They injure and debauch. There-
fore I am against this bill, because it will drain
the Treasury to help a few at the expense of
the people, who are the many.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman has offered
a bill, as he has done a number of times be-
fore, in favor of the admission of foreign-built
ships free of duty to American registry. I
want to ask him if ever a proposition here
looking to the admission of the materials for
building ships, free of duty, has not had a
negative vote from him?
Mr. COX. No, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. The record shows just that
thing.
Mr. COX. No, sir; no such thing.
Mr. LYNCH. The point I make is, that
while the gentleman is in favor of allowing
materials to be worked up in foreign countries
into ships and admitted free of all doty, he
votes steadily against admitting materials to
be worked up into ships in this country by
American mechanics.
Mr. COX. I kuow very well what the
gentleman means. I have voted, every time a
tariff bill has been up, to cut down the duty
so as to make free every article that enters
into ship-building, so that the State of Maine
may build ships, if she chooses, as freely and
cheaply as those over her border. Does the
guntlfman remember when I went into the
.State of Maine in 1868?
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman remem-
ber how be came out of the State of Maine at
that time? [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I know ihat very well ; I had
with labor to impress upon your people the
duties they had to pay for the construction of
ships. The gentleman should know how I
labored; for my labors were appropriated
without credit. I was no political, only an
economical success in Maine ; yet I did show
what was their interests. May I he allowed to
quote from my remarks at Brunswick,-Maine,
