1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
Mr. Ames swears to the statement,) precisely
the perils that he feared might encompass
them. Says Mr. Ames ;
. "Ithaa bovine tolerably well known to all the
world that the road was likely to bo a success, and
j hose us who had risked the chance had wod a prize
-there appeared to bo a disposition then to complain
of the grant that had been offered without opposi-
wl'i Jfaere ?>{ flrs' a complaint made by Mr.
Washb 'ne of the value ot the land grants. In
View of ^his, I desired we should put it out of the
power 01 anyone to take from ns what we had in
my view paid the Government for. It was to get
the land grants as private property, I wanted them
sold; and the bonds divided. Mr. Alley thought we
was right •' and the event proved he
"It was also complained we were excessive in
our charges for freight and transportation—not that
wo exceeded our legal rights, but it was proposed to
trammel that right. Being a mere private right, I
had always found it difficult to induce any one to
take the trouble to look at the case. I did not want
any assistance or privilege that our legal vested
lights should not be taken from us. I thought we
had fairly bought or earned them, and I knew if
any one would examine he would see this. For this
reason I wanted more shares to be used, for I have
found there is no difficulty in inducing men to look
attcr their own property, but no one seemed to think
this was necessary, and it was never done."
That is, he refers to the fourteen thousand
extra shares he wanted issued. It was don'e
to a certain extent, as he himself admits.
But farther on in the testimony of Mr.
Ames he repeats in substance the assertion
made in this carefully-prepared statement.
Now, does any body doubt—is there any
possible doubt about the motive of Mr. Ames ;
that he designed to get this stock into the
hands of members not merely to rely on a
feeling of gratitude they may have had be-
cause he had given them something which
was worth twice as much as they paid for it,
or three or four times as much, but he relied
on something stronger than that? Mr. Ames
has lived long enough in this world to know
men sometimes forget kindnesses—that a
man's gratitude for a kindly act done him
does not last always; and it is supposed he
knew enough of Scripture to know that
"where a man's treasure is, there will his
heart be also." [Laughter.] He avows his
whole philosophy ou that subject. He says:
"The difficulty is you cannot get these men to look
into a tiling, to give attention to it, to understand
it, unless they have an interest to do so; and there-
fore 1 must contrive some means or other by which
1 can make the interest of these leading* men in
Congress identical with my own, that they shall be
as watchful in relation to all this matter as I uiyself
would be/'
I take it, Mr. Speaker, j,here is no occasion,
there could be no excuse even for dealing
longer in relation to the motive of Mr. Ames
doing this: that he let these men have stock
for one halt or one third or one quarter of
its value, and did it for the very purpose to
create an interest which would make them
watchful and attentive, and careful, and vigil-
ant in the defense of the rights which had been
given by Congress to this road.
But more than that, Mr. Speaker, they had
started on a voyage under this Oakes Ames
contract which sooner or later Mr. Ames
knew would be exposed, and that the time
would come when Congress and everybody
else in this nation would know the nation had
by that performance been defrauded out of
millions. He understood it would be a good
thing when that time came he should have, if
possible, some strong backers. He intended
by his course of conduct to provide himself
with them. That Mr. Ames practically made
a gift to each one ol' these men of the value
of that stock above what they paid, and he
did it for the very purpose—with intent, in the
language of the statute—to influence their
action as members of Congress on matters
which were to come before them.
Mr. Ames not only desired to influence
them generally, but he had in view a specific
measure, against which he wanted their aid.
On the 9th day of December, I think, during
the very first week of that Congress, Mr.
Washburne, of Wisconsin, introduced a bill
into Congress to have Congress provide bylaw
for a regulation of the fares and freights upon
the Union Pacific railroad. That is the only
measure Mr. Washburne had introduced on
that subject prior to the date of this letter,
when he refers to "the Washburne move."
" The Washburne move," Mr. Ames admits
himself, and when that came to a vote, Mr.
Ames and all his friends were found voting in
opposition to it. There was an express meas-
ure, there was a measure actually pending
before Congress where he wanted the aid and
defense of these men. But, as he says in his
statement, there were a variety of other mat-
ters that he wanted also.
Was this an offense? Was this conduct of
Mr. Ames a crime? Was it bribery in law?
If any gentleman will take the trouble to turn
to the act of 1853, which is quoted in our re-
port, he will see that this conduct of Mr. Ames
was bribery ; that it was au act of bribery for
which he might have been convicted and sent
to the penitentiary, although every one of the
men who received this stock from him re-
ceived it in eutire innocence and with no
knowledge but that it was an honest invest-
ment. The law does not require that the
intent shall be known to the person to whom
the present is made. It is the insidious attempt
to undertake to bind over by ties of gratitude
the man whose official action you wish to in-
fluence by it. It stands upon the same prin-
ciple of law as that which relates to making
presents to jurors or judges, or to treating a
juror. You shall not use any of those influ-
ences that ordinarily affect the human mind
and the human judgment. Although the man
you are practicing upon may be entirely ignor-
ant of your intent and your purpose, the law
declares that you are guilty.
I am not arguing now in reference to the
question as to whether these men were one
and all innocent, or whether they were guilty.
I merely say that it is utterly immaterial, so
far as Mr. Ames is concerned, whether they
received this money with perfect innocence
and with no knowledge of wrong intent on his
part, or whether they received it upon a cor-
rupt contract that they would do what he
wanted them to do. The crime is the same iu
Mr. Ames m either case. It may be said, I
have heard it said, and it may be said here,
that Mr. Ames did not know that this was a
criminal act, and I presume he did not. But,
Mr. Speaker, in all the tribunals of this land,
the meanest and most ignorant criminal is
never allowed to say " 1 did not know what
the law was, and did not know I was violat-
ing it." It is, I say, a rule or principle of law
that the vilest and most debased and ignor-
ant of men who is brought up tor the com-
mission of an offense, is never allowed to say
"I did not know that the law provided a pen-
alty against this." Are we to apply a more
liberal rule to a millionaire or a member of
Congress? Is he to stand up here in our
presence, or anybody for him, and say he did
not know what the law was, and did not know
he was violating it?
More than this, Mr. Speaker, I have heard
it argued that Mr. Ames, iu doing what he
did, had no sense that he was doing au im-
moral act, or that he was even doiug an indeli-
cate act; that he regarded it as the same thing
as going into a business community and inter-
esting the leading business meu, by giving them
shares j that he did not suppose that the act
he was doing was in any way different from
that. It may be,- Mr. Speaker—I do not
take it upon myself to say whether it is or is
not so—it may be that the moral sense of Mr.
Ames did not rise high enough to see that this
act. was itself immoral and wrong. I under-
stand that he claims now it was not. Mr.
Speaker and members of this House, who are
to judge of this matter, if a man's moral sense
sees no wrong in that which our predecessors
declared a penitentiary offense, and which
would by law forever disqualify a man from
holding the meanest office, I ask is he fit to
sit here as one of the law-makers of this great,
nation? I submit it to your judgment in the
most charitable view of Mr. Ames's conduct,
whether he be a man that ought to be tolerated
as a member of this Houae?
Mr. Speaker, I now desire to ask the
attention of the House for a few moments to
the facts in relation to the member from New
York, against whom we have also reported a
resolution of expulsion. There was no connec-
tion between Mr. Brooks and Mr. Ames. The
committee find that Mr. Brooks received the
stock and received it corruptly, with a knowl-
edge that he was receiving it because he was
a member of Congress and a Government
director, and that he received it knowing that it
wasgiven him to placate his official action. But
he did not receive it from Mr. Ames. Mr.
Brooks, aleading man in his profession, a lead-
ing man in Congress, a leading man in his
party, had also been a leading friend of the
Pacific railroad. And after the connection
between it and this company, the Credit Mobi-
lier of America, was established, after their
relations were formed, Mr. Brooks was the
friend and associate of Dr. Durant, who was
at that time a leading man in this enterprise
and was endeavoring to get stock in the Credit
Mobilier Company, taken for the purpose of
urging and carrying on the work of the Union
Pacific railroad. Mr. Brooks was employed,
as he himself testified before us, as an agent
of Dr. Durant to go about among the capital-
ists of New York and urge upon them to
become stockholders in the Credit Mobilier
Company, and he did so.
On the 1st of October, 1867, Mr. Brooks
was appointed by President Johnson a Gov-
ernment director of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company; and this was before the con-
tract with Oakes Ames was perfected. True,
a contract had been previously drawn ; but it
was discovered by some learned counselor
that it contained great frauds and could not
be successful unless covered by a further con-
tract, and that was made. I say that while
this thing was in progress, and before the
assignment of the contract to Mr. Oakes
Ames, Mr. Brooks took his position as a
Government director.
Mr. BROOKS. That is not correct; it is
not a true statement of the facts on record.
The record is that I was nominated for that
office of the 1st of October, 18GJ; that I ac-
cepted it on the 2d of January, 1808 ; that the
Oakes Ames contract was made on August 10,
1867, and that the transfer was made on Oc-
tober 5, 1867, long before Jauuary 2, 1868,
when I first acted as a Government director.
That is the record.
Mr. POLAND. I would not for my right
baud misrepresent the smallest fact in refer-
ence to the gentleman's ease. All he has said
is not in the slightest degree in conflict with
what I have stated. The Oakes Ames con-
tract was executed in August, but it was found
that that trap was not properly set, and the
new machinery necessary in order to rua it,
successfully so as to cheat the United States
and the Union Pacific railroad was not entirely
completed until about the middle of October.
Mr. Brooks had become on the 1st of Oc-
tober a Government director. There is not
the slightest evidence that,Mr. Brooks ever
considered himself anything but a full-fledged
Government director. We had no evidence
of any oliicial act of his in the meetings of
the company until the 2nd of Jauuary, 18G8.
But if you look into the evidence of Mr.
Brooks himself, and of Dr. Durant you will
see that in December when the first one hundred
shares were purchased from Durant, the rea-
son Mr. Brooks could not take them in his
own name was that he was a Government
director of the road, lie never on any occa-
sion signified to any body iu the slightest
