1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Our commerce is therefore not declining, or
in a condition to eatise usto inourn and grieve.
I know ilie fact that in the last four years we
have built over twenty-five thousand miles of
railroad, which is a material exteiistou of one
of the instruments of commerce. And I note
the farther fact that the earnings per mile
of all our railroads have increased steadily
with each passing year. Why is this? £t is
because of the enormous increase of our com
merce.
"Ah, but," says the gentleman, "thatis not
foreign commerce." Does the gentleman deny
that it is commerce? Does he deny that the
transfer of a cargo from Portland, Oregon, to
the city of New York, and its exchange there
for other productions of American industry
and skill, iseommerce? That the vessel wafted
around the continent from Portland, Oregon,
to Portland, Maine, is engaged in commerce?
If she is not, I will allow the gentleman the
time in which to name and define the pursuit
in which she is engaged.
Let us contemplate the absurdity of the
gentleman's postulate, which is that none of
our transactions are to be regarded as com-
mercial that do not take place between us aud
foreign nations. A hundred cargoes may
leave San Francisco for delivery at the several
ports upon the Atlaotic coast of our country,
and the transactions of this vast fleet are not,
according to his theory, commerce, because
they do not enter into the statistics of foreign
trade. But, sir, a vessel crosses the English
channel, carrying British productions to the
value of a thousand pounds from Liverpool or
any other British port, which are exchanged
for a thousand pounds worth of French pro-
ductions in a French port. There are two
thousand pounds of interchange; and they
appear four times in what the gentleman rec-
ognizes as the statistics of commerce. They
are stated as among the exports of France
and the imports of England, the exports of
England aud the imports of France. But I
repeat that a cargo coming from San Francisco
to New Orleans, accompanied round the Horn
by one for every seaport of the Atlantic coast,
finds no mention in what the gentleman re-
gards as the statistics of commerce. But let
one of the smallest of the vessels diverge and
enter oue of the ports of the Rhode Island of
Europe, little Belgium, and it appears four
times in what the gentleman regards as the
records of commerce : once as American ex-
ports, once as Belgian imports, once more as
Belgian exports, and again as American itn
ports. Thus we befog and delude ourselves
and those who follow our discussions, and
conceal from ourselves and the world the ex-
tent and value of our commerce and carrying
trade. I want no such belittling of my c< untry,
its industries and its trade, as that. I want to
know whatthe American people are producing,
and what is the measure of commerce amo.ig
themselves and between them and the world;
and when I shall have gol at these facts 1 shall
have maliotit-.- that may guide a statesman in
legislating for a young and rapidly expanding
country.
Look, sir, at t}ie city which the gentleman in
part represents—New York. I listened, fas-
cinated by the glowing statements of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Snt;i.l.ABAiu;knj as to
the greatness of succeeding cities ami nations
as commerce changed its currents and one
succeeded another: but not he nor the gentle
man from New York can cite a ease hi which
commerce has so instantly disclosed itspowor
in the sudden splendor of its metropolis as it
has in New lork.
Sir, no ancient, city ever did the trade m one
year that New York does in three months.
No system of canals and railroads and rivet
navigation moved by steam, and foreign trade
eominsc to hfr from nil the distant ports ol the
wotld, ever until within forty years secured 10
any eitvsueh a commerce as New \ork enjoys.
Win. ir, her historr is told in the ston of a
century. And yet she is the peer of Paris and ;
London in her commercial activity, wealth,
and magnificence, though generations have ■
toiled through more than a thousand years of
varying prosperity to build them up. And why I
has the development of her wealth and pros- \
perity been so marvelously rapid ? Because. \
air, her commerce is greater in its profit and |
in its beneficence to the country of which she
is the metropolis than theirs has ever been, !
She has enjoyed unrestricted free trade with
the people of the American States and Terri '
tories. She is in the enjoyment to-day of un- ^
restricted commerce with forty million people
who consume more than do four hundred mil- 1
lion European peasants and artisans; and she
handles a large part of the commerce between !
themselves, as well as of that between them
and the people of other nations. Her profits
on the enormous exchanges of American pro- '
ductions she handles in connection with local
and interstate trade far transcends those she
derives from foreign commerce. Rye and '
potatoes do not suffice for the chief diet of
the American farmer or laborer, as the official ;
papers of Germany tell us they do for her
laborers. Black bread and a litfle cheese '
feeds no part of the American people, as t!iey |
do satisfactorily those of Austria and the plains
of Hungary. Our working people live in ■
homes, homes in which families may gather [
around the hearthside and exult in the com- :
forts and increasing luxuries which surround .
them. No clay floors, no bare walls, no deal ;
tables, with blocks of unhewn wood for stools j
instead of chairs, satisfy the wants of the mil- [
lions of American working people. Their floors
are carpeted; their taste is exhibited in the
designs and colors of the papers that grace
their walls; chromos after the best masters,
aud engravings from the best masters in that art,
also grace their walls: the last improvtments
for warming and ventilating houses, and supply-
ing the kitchen and bath room with warm and
cold water, are found within the homes of the
skilled and temperate workingmen of our gieat
manufacturing cities Every one of them con-
sumes ten. ay, twenty-five times as much as
the average German, or Austrian, or Belgian
workingman, and so far as the agricultural
laborer is concerned, even of his British peer
on l)is native soil. The generous wages which
justify this mode of life has given volume to
the commerce of New York, that makes her at
the end of a century the peer and rival of the
most venerable of the commercial metropolises
of the world.
Now, sir, the gentleman says in Illinois
they ace burning corn. Yes, sir: and why?
Because there is no market for it: because
production is far in excess of the worid's
demand; because the completion of railroads
and the opening of tunnels and canals in
Europe have enabled the productions of their
plains and prairies and fields, produced by
the ill-paid people to whose condition I have
referred, to be put down at seaports at. greatly
reduced charges for transportation. \\ hat the
people of Illinois and the more remote western
States want is a market for their corn and
other agricultural productions, in which they
can be sold at remunerative prices.
Illinois is underlaid with coal. 1 he southern
tiers of counties, six deep, are underlaid with
iron: and within the last three years the State,
heretofore purely agricultural, has become ttiird
in rank among the iron-producing States. The
people of her cities and towns are learning the
lessons of social science in the hard school
of experience. J diet gave broad aeres m
the heart of the city upon which have been
erected the most magnificent iron woiko in the
United States. Forge and furnace and roll-
ing-mill are all there, and in successful oper-
ation. The agricultural people of the neigh-
borhood aided in dete'-mining the location of
these works by making the lands that bad hi on
presented totiieir proprietor and the improve-
ments thereon free from taxes for years. They
have thus created more of a market for Illinois
corn, vegetables, fruit, butter, and .eggs than
could be found among the ship-builders of all
the cities of Great Britain and the continent,
if we allowed them to build our ships. 1 The
town of Kankakee, the precise location of
which I do not know, but it is'also in Illinois,
is flooding Pennsylvania with offers of land
and exemption from taxation to any body of
coat miners and iron manufacturers who will
go into it and create a market for the corn
which is now being burned over her coal
fields.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. May_ I inremipt
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that
nobody in Illinois burns corn for fuel? That
is an old story, exploded many years ago.
Mr. KELLEY. It is an old story, but an
overtrue one. The gentleman's statement
confirms my argument. They did it until
they took to mining coal arid making iron.
Now I guess they import some corn from
other States
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There has no corn
been burned as fuel in Illinois for the last ten
year.,.
Mr. KELLEY. That is probably trae; but
between 1855 and 1860 it was a favorite fuel.
In Iowa, unless all her papers falsify thefacts,
they are burning corn in parts Of the State
under which lie boundless coal-fields, and
their free-trade economists are attempting to
prove that it is absolutely cheaper to burn
corn than dig coat and burn it. Ah, sir,their
children will detect the errors of their fathers.
When the corn lands of Iowa shall have ex-
hausted their strength, and her crop shall be
no heavier than those of the worn-out lauds
of the southern States, the children, wiser
than their fathers, will cry aloud, as those of
Illinois have done, to miners and manufac-
turers, " Come, give value to our lands,-and
: crea-e a market for its production." 1 "do
. c-oniegs the corn," as ih<r geni'emau from New
, Yoik [Mr. Cox] perceives.
The gentleman sa_-ss that we cannot build
' ships, and that we will not allow our mer-
chants to buy them. The allegation that we
cannot build ships is a mistake, as 1 shall show ;
but let us investigate the propriety of going
abroad to buy them. In this connection, let
me suggest to the gentleman from New York
and to the Representatives of western and
southern agricultural districts these facts,
I which I think they should bear in mind pend-
ing this discussion. To day, while corn and
oats are without market value in the valleys
of the Mississippi and the Missouri, while they
are absolutely not merchantable, the people
of those valleys, though they have abundant
stores ot all they have raised—wheat, oats,
corn, live stock—there is no money among
■ them ; and, measured by their eap&city to make
t-feh purchases or indulge in free trade even
among themselves, are among the most re-
, stricted and the poorest ot the poor. Why Is
this, sir? Because they have all produced the
same commodities, there is no diversity of
pursuits among them, and they hate ail raised
corn, wheat, oats, potatoes, and live stock,
and there is no opportunity for cotntnerce
among them.
And vet, while this is so, while they are ex-
hausting their lands by the production of com-
modities not. needed, or which cannot be got
to markets in which they arc needed, we are
1 as a nation offering the most sublime induce-
' meats ever presented to men to come and
dwell among us and increase the volume of
1 our agricultural productions. We say to dis-
: contented fiiui laborers ofEnglaud, to the poor
! peasants ot Hungary. Austria, Germany, and
ot' the over-peopled ur.d oppressed lands of the
, world, "Come aud be American farmers; you
shall have eighty acrcs of land without money
| and without price: you shall have near yoo
i uee schools lor jour chJdren, and t^e church
i of your own choice for your good wife ana
I aged parents : only cemt and swell the volume,
