1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
manner that he had not accepted that office,
and that all its duties were not incumbent upon
him. I would not insinuate that Mr. Brooks
said anything that was not true, but he first
said that he had never acted as a director
until the spring following, but it turned out
that a long time previous, in December, at
the time of this transaction between him and
Durant by whieh he became the owner of the
first one hundred shares, he said he could not
hold the stock because he was a Government
director.
Mr. BLDREDGE. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont to a ques-
tion on which I would like to hear his com-
ments. Whether he expects the House to act
differently in regard to Mr. Brooks's case
because he was a Government director?
Whether what hedid as a Government director
is a proper reason for his expulsion ? Whether
that is not a matter that is to be tried by
another tribunal than that of this House ? If
he did wrong, or if he obtained bribes in con-
sequence of being a Government director, is
not that a matter for impeachment rather than
for expulsion ?
Mr. POLAND. I have no doubt that it
"would be a matter entirely within the juris-
diction of the House, both in point of time
and in point of essence, as a proper subject
for his expulsion. In relation to the time
when it was done, if done at all, I shall have
something to say before I get through, Mr.
Speaker, I did not carefully observe the time
when I began my remarks. I would be glad
to know how much time I have occupied.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has eight-
een minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. POLAND. I say that Mr. Brooks
must have been perfectly familiar with the
value of this stock, in consequence of his con-
nection with Dr. Durant, and in consequence
of his official duty as a director of the Govern-
ment, set there to guard and watch and to look
after the interests of the Government in con-
nection with that railroad company. We can-
not suppose that when he was employed by Dr.
Durant as an agent to go out for the purpose
of promoting the sale of that stock among the
capitalists of New York he was not well in-
formed of the condition of it and of its value,
and of the reasons why it was valuable or not
valuable. And when he became a Government
director, set there for the purpose of watching
the interests of the Government, we cannot
suppose that he did not perform that duty at
least far enough to inform himself of the im-
portant and material facts in reference to it.
Mr. Brooks then knew of this Oakes Ames
contract, and when in November and Decem-
ber that stock, began to go up in value like a
kite, he knew the reason of it; he knew why
it was so. There had been some negotiations
between him and Mr. Durant in reference to
his taking some of this stock when it was not
so valuable. But Mr. Brooks did not choose
to take it then. The committee find from the
evidence, from his own evidence, that there
was no contract or agreement between him
and Durant that could have been enforced.
About the middle of December he applied to
Durant and claimed that he was entitled to
have two hundred shares, (the very maximum
that he ever had talked about taking,) and to
have it at par.
Dr. Durant said that he had parted with the
stock, and that it was then in such demand
that it was very difficult indeed for him to let
Mr. Brooks have that amount of stock, or to
let him have any. After a long negotiation
between them it finally resulted in Durant
agreeing to let Mr. Brooks have a hundred
shares of that stock at par. In reference to
the other hundred shares which he claimed,
Durant bought, him off by giving him $5,000
of Union Pacific railroad bonds, which were
then worth very nearly if not quite par, and
$20,000 of Union Pacific raihoad stock, the
value of which was probably somewhere in the
neighborhood of thirty dollars per share. The
committee have not reported, we did not feel
ourselves justified, or rather compelled, to find
that in this transaction between him and Du-
rant Mr. Brooks stood upon his official posi-
tion. The committee thought that it'possibly
might be that in consequence of the friendship
Brooks had manifested for him, in conse-
quence of the aid he attempted to render him,
although it never seemed to amount to any-
thing, yet Mr. Durant might entertain such
feelings of gratitude and friendship toward Mr.
Brooks as to give him those hundred shares.
But it was somewhat extraordinary that he
should have rewarded Mr. Brooks's friendship
and Mr. Brooks's services, which seemed to
have no value at all, with quite so munificent
a present as was made by the sale of that hun-
dred shares of this stock at par.
The son-in-law of Mr. Brooks, Mr. Charles
H. Neilson, first makes his appearance when
it became necessary to have that hundred
shares transferred. Mr. Brooks says, '' I am a
Government director, and the law forbids
Government directors from being stockholder
in the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and
although being a stockholder in the Credit
Mobilier Company, which is a stock corpora-
tion, does not come within the letter of the
law, yet from my relations with this company,
I know that being a stockholder in the Credit
Mobilier Company makes me equally inter-
ested in the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
and it will not look well for me, a Govern-
ment director, to hold this stock, and therefore
I transfer it to Mr. Charles H. Neilson, my
son-in-law." That was done. Charles H.
Neilson walks up to the office and takes the
certificate of transfer of those one hundred
shares.-
But there was a more important act to be
performed in that ceremony thail taking the
transfer of the shares ; and that was paying
the $10,000 that was to be paid for the stock.
That little act Mr. Brooks did himself. The
$10,000 that had to be advanced to pay for
those one hundred shares came out of Mr.
Brooks's pocket. It is now said that this
was a loan of that amount from Mr. Brooks
to his son-in-law, Mr. Neilson. But not the
slightest evidence ,was ever preserved by
either of them of any loan. No note or obli-
gation or security of any sort was given, ex-
cept that Mr. Brooks kept as security for the
$10,000 he had advanced the $5,000 in Union
Pacific bonds that came with the stock and
was thrown in as a bonus. If Mr. Brooks
required security at all, if he wanted security
from his son-in-law, why did he not have
security to the full extent of the loan ? He
took just what came ; whether greater or less
does not seem to have made any difference—
just what was the natural course of events.
What was brought to Mr. Brooks with the
stock he took ; but that was all he required.
In that way this one hundred shares of stock
were paid for.
I allude to this in view of its effect upon
what afterward took place, because the com-
mittee have not reported that they find there
was anything wrong in the reception of those
one hundred shares. There was something
exceedingly suspicious in it. It would be very
difficult for any man hearing the testimony of
Mr. Brooks, the testimony of his son-in-law,
the testimony of Dr. Durant, and looking at
the relative position of all those men, 10 believe
that Dr. Durant yielded to the demand of Mr.
Brooks except upon the ground that Mr.
Brooks held such a position that it would not
do to refuse what he asked.
At one time, as members who are familar
with the report doubtless know, there was an
increase of the stock of the Credit Mobilier of
fifty pet cent, ft was raided from two and a
half million dollars up to thiee and three
quarter millions; and the original holders of
the two and a half millions were entitled to
take this fifty per cent, themselves ; and with
it they were entitled to take an equal amount
of Union Pacific bonds. That is, a man
bought a Union Pacific bond at par, aud the
stock was given to him.
After those one hundred shares had been
thus obtained from Dr. Durant, Mr. Brooks
asserted that he was entitled to fifty per cent,
more, although he had forced Durant to give
him one hundred shares at par, when, accord-
ing to the statement of Durant himself, it was
worth, not $10,000, but $20,000; and with
those shares Durant had also given Mr. Brooks
Union Pacific securities which he called worth
$9,000. After that Mr. Brooks set up a claim
that he was entitled to fifty per cent, additional
on the ground of this old increase of stock.
Durant himself testified before us that this
additional stock had all been issued, this very
stock that Mr. Brooks received being a part
of that increase. The claim was utterly and
wholly unfounded; and from Mr. Brooks's
familiarity with the proceedings of that com-
pany, its business, and the connection between
the. two, Mr. Brooks must have known per-
fectly well that his claim was unfounded. But
he went to Mr. Sidney Dillion, who had re-
cently become president of that company, and
asserted to him this claim for fifty additional
shares. Mr. Dillion said: "I do not know
about that ; I am recently in this office; and
whether your claim is a good one I do not
know." Thereupon the stockholders had to
be consulted; and all the principal stock-
holders were required to sign a paper.
If Mr. Brooks had been entitled to his
shares, they would have been issued to him as
a matter of course; it would not have been
necessary to institute any of this machinery.
He would have gone to the proper officer of
the company, who would have transferred the
stock to him. But no, the consent of all the
principal shareholders in the company had to
be obtained to a written instrument author-
izing the issue of those fifty shares to Mr.
Brooks. That instrument in its terms author-
ized the issue of fifty additional shares to
Mr. James Brooks, not to Charles H. Neil-
son. The whole dealing, the whole inform-
ation to the whole body of stockholders was
that they were yielding to the demand, the
imperative demand of Mr. Brooks, and not
to any demand of Charles H. Neilson. So
far as they were concerned, (and I desire
to say nothing in disparagement of Charles
H. Neilson,) so far as related to the Credit
Mobilier and its stockholders, Mr. Charles
H. Neilson was an insignificant man. They
would not for any influence he had have
yielded a single farthing. It was the name,
and, as the committee believe, the official
position and strength and power of Mr. Brooks
which enabled him to force out of that com-
pany and its stockholders fifty shares of stock,
which at that time were worth four times the
amount he paid for them.
The whole evidence, Mr. Speaker, on this
subjectshows that Mr. Charles H. Neilson was
a mere figurehead; he never appeared any-
where. He appeared merely to receive the
transfer. After Mr. Brooks had carried this
whole business through, after the stockholders
had been procured to sign a paper to give these
additional fifty shares of stock to Mr. Brooks,
after it had all been brought about, then Mr.
Brooks informed Mr. Charles H. Neilson there
were fifty shares of stock in that company for
him, and to go and get his certificate. These fifty
shares of stock were not issued until the date
of the certificate, 29th of February, 1868, in
fact were not issued until the 3d of March 1868.
These shares went back and had an eighty per
cent, dividend paid on the 4th day of January
previously, eighty per cent, in bonds, and one
hundred per cent, in Union Pacific railroad
stock—all went with the subsequent sale and
transfer of the fifty shares made to Mr. Brooks
