1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
And where is it produced ? Not in Penn-
sylvania alone. I see the Representative from
Alabama [Mr. Turner] listening intently to
what I say. I ask him what is the history of
the town of Sheffield or Birmingham in his
State? Why, it is the creation of a Pennsyl-
vania iron master. Two years ago there was
neither hut nor hamlet there, when constit-
uents of my own went there and bought the
iron ore that lay in the earth and the forests
around. Aud now there is a town there, with
a population numbering more than three thou-
sand, and its_ leading stores present fronts of
stone and brick of an elegance unequaled in
any old southern town or city. Its people are
prosperous, and Alabama will this year stand
fairly among the great iron producing States
of the Union.
Gentlemen from Virginia, what can you say
on the subject? What is the most earnest
wish of your hearts and of your constituents ?
Is it not that your coal beds may be worked, and
that the furnace, the forge, the rolling mill, and
the locomotive factory shall bring from England
and the eastern States a prosperous and intel-
ligent people, to consume at the door of your
farmers the products which they cannot now
get to market, near as they are to the seaboard ?
You cannot, I assure you, tempt them by clos-
ingthe now busy and prosperous ship yards and
machine works of the country.
And gentlemen from Tennessee, especially
you who represent the Knoxville and Chatta-
nooga districts—but why go over the States?
Four gentlemen from North Carolina have
since the holidays been with me to know with
whom they might communicate in Pennsylva-
nia with a reasonable hope of quickening into
vitality the resources buried and still dormant
in the hills of that State. And how is this to
be done? Is it to be accomplished by send-
ing abroad for ships to carry your coal to mar-
ket? Is it to be done by sending abroad not
only for the material with which to construct
your railroads, your locomotives, your houses,
but for the ships themselves, even the steamers
to navigate the rivers of your States, for this
is within the scope of the amendment offered
by the gentlemen from New York, [Mr. Cox?]
Yes, gentlemen, this is the feast to which the
gentleman and other free-traders of the coun-
try invite you. This, Representatives of the
Mississippi and Missouri valley, is the feast to
which you are invited by these cosmopolitan
theorists, and which you and your constituents
are asked to enjoy, while you see the crops of
last year rot in your fields, and in your despair
are without faith to induce you to plant one
for the coming season.
Again I affirm whereof I know, for I have
been through those valleys and seen the rich
abundance of agricultural products accompa-
nied by want of the lnxuriesand refinement and
ease of life which are obtained by free local
commercial exchanges. I have now answered
as I could impromptu the suggestions of my
friend, the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man yield now to a motion to adjourn ? He
will have the floor in the morning.
Mr. KELLEY. I think I have about ex-
hausted my hour. At any rate, I think I have
answered my antagonist, aud that is all I cared
to do. I do not want any more time on this
subject now.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Fending the motion to adjourn,
BANKING AND CtJKRBNCY.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of Duff Green on
banking and currency ; which was referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency,
with authority to the committee to have the
same printed, if deemed desirable.
OKITL'AIIV ADDIIRSSKS SEN A TOR DAVIS.
The .SPEAKER. The Senate has sent to
the IUhu.u a concurrent resolution in relation
to printing the addresses delivered on the occa-
sion of the death of the late Senator Garrett
Davis, of Kentucky. If no objection is made, it
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
No objection was made, and the resolution
was referred accordingly.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Honse a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of December, 1872, in relation to the
Pox and Wisconsin rivers improvement; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
SWAMP LANDS IN POTOMAC RIVER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from the
Attorney General of the United States, in
answer to a resolution of the House, in rela-
tion to swamp lands in the Potomac river, and
eastern branch thereof, from Little falls to
Benning's bridge ; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Rogers, of New York, obtained in-
definite leave of absence on account of sick-
ness in his family.
HARBOR OF TOLEDO.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House a copy of the report of the
board of engineers recently convened to make an
examination of the harbor of Toledo.
CATTARAUGUS AND ALLEGHANY INDIANS.
Mr. SHANKS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to report back the
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 2264)
to authorize the Cattaraugus and Alleghany
Indians in New York to lease lands and con-
firm leases. On behalfofthe committee, I ask
that the amendments be non-concurred in and
a committee of conference appointed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
JUDGE S. H. DURM.L.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I am directed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to ask the
adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That in addition to the inquiries here-
tofore directed by the House to be made into the
official conduct of Judge E.H. Durell, the Judiciary
Committee be instruoted further to inquire whether
said Durell should be impeached for high crimes
and misdemeanors in office, and that said committee
have leave to report at any time.
The reason for introducing this resolution
is that there is some uncertainty in the phrase-
ology of the resolution under which the com-
mittee is now acting.
Mr. CONGER. I think it would be better
to have the facts reported to the House before
we order proceedings for impeachment.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. That is just
what tve propose.
Mr. CONGER. Does not this resolution
instruct the committee to bring in articles of
impeachment?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. No sir ; simply
to make an inquiry.
There being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, that the House now
adjourn, it was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, ic., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. EAMES: The memorial of the
Rhode lukirtd JuMHpeiMuce Uuiooj for a com-
mission of inquiry concerning tie results of
the traffic in intoxicating liquors; also, for
restrictive and prohibitory legislition for the
sappression of intemperance.
Also, resolutions of committees of the
Board of Trade of Providence, Rhode Island,
and the Rhode Island Society for Encourage-
ment of Domestic Industry, for an appropria-
tion of $300,000in aid of the Vienna exposition.
Also, the petition of the Temple of Honor
of Rhode Island, for the prohibition of the
manufacture, importation, and sale of intox-
icating liquors to be used as a beverage in the
Territories and in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of John Ander-
son, John C. Fremont, Chester A. Arthur, and
others, for a breakwater at Cuttyhunk, oppo-
fj am nMlIArn
By Mr. CRITCHER; The petition of Rosalie
P. Sampson, praying indemnity for property
destroyed daring the late civil war.
Also, the petition of Andrew M. Glassell,
praying relief or indemnity for French spolia-
tions.
By Mr. COTTON: The memorial of R. I.
Cleveland, of Walnut Fork, Iowa, asking
relief on account of French spoliations.
By Mr. DUNNELL : The remonstrance of
David Taylor and 106 others, citizens of Hous-
ton county, Minnesota, against the repeal
of the act of June 4, 1872, authorizing the
Secretary of War to locate bridges across the
Mississippi river.
By Mr. MONROE : The petition of Robert
C. Winthrop and others, asking Congress to
make an appropriation for the purchase of
certain documents relating to early discoveries
on the lakes and the Mississippi.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The memorial of Eliza
T. Phillips, of Philadelphia, granddaughter
and heir of Richard Tittermary, deceased, and
niece and heir of Robert Tittermary, deceased,
all of Philadelphia.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petitionof the
officers oftheRhode Island Temperance Union
of the State of Rhode Island, asking the pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage in theTerritoriesof the United States
and in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. TYNER: The petition of De Witt
C. Chipman, late collector of internal revenue
in the eleventh district of Indiana, asking the
passage of a bill for his relief, to cover the
amount of unpaid taxes charged against him,
and unjustly retained out of his compensation.
By Mr. WADDELL: The petition of Wil-
liam Alexander, of Beaufort, North Carolina,
for an invalid pension.
By Mr. WALDEN : The petition of Jo>ha J.
Bottger, of Keokuk county, Iowa, for relief.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
bankers and merchants of Louisville, asking
certain amendments of the bankrupt law.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. Susan D. Par-
mele, in relation to French spoliation claims.
IN SENATE.
Wedxesday, January 22, 1878.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORTON. If there is no Senator de-
siring to hear these minutes read, I suggest
that the farther reading be dispensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Air-,
THOXr in the chair.) The Senator from In-
diana asks unanimous consent that thefurther
reading of the Journal be dispensed with. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none, and
it is dispensed with.
HOUSE BItLS RBFBRRED.
The following bills from the Honse of Rep- •
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated belosv:
A bill (U. Li. No. ->101) for the relief of
