1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
contract for building one hundred miles west
from the Missouri river was let to H. M. Hoxie,
the only contractor offering to undertake so
hazardous a venture. Six months demon-
strated his inability to perform his contract,
and with the experience of the company in
dealing with individual contractors, no course
seemed open except to seek a consolidation of
personal means into a corporate body, whereby
the pecuniary ability of a large number of per-
sons might be made available to the task of
constructing the road, while at the same time
enjoying the shelter of corporate liability only.
Accordingly, by a contract made March 15,
1865, the Credit Mobilier of America, a cor-
poration created by and organized under the
laws of Pennsylvania, in substance, assumed
the obligations of the Hoxie contract and en-
tered upon its performance. It was soon man-
ifest that even this organization, as then con-
stituted, would be unable to accomplish the
work for which it was created. The state
of the country and the peculiar local condi-
tions surrounding the enterprise were exceed-
ingly unfavorable to a successful prosecution
of the work. Gold was 150; there was no
market for the first mortgage bonds; and
the Government bonds, payable in currency,
were of uncertain value, and of difficult sale.
No eastern railroad connection existed whereby
the vast amount of material essential to con-
struction could find reasonable and rapid
transportation to the line of the road; it
was compelled, instead, to follow the long
and tedious route of the Missouri river, at an
extraordinary cost for transportation, and
without insurance against the perils of the
hazardous navigation of that treacherous
stream. All materials were high, and all
classes of labor scarce, and only to be ob-
tained in limited quantities at extravagant
prices. Add to this the universal distrust in
financial circles of the ultimate completion of
the road, and the general conviction that when
completed it would fail to prove remunerative
or profitable, and it is easy to anticipate the
result which speedily followed, namely, the
practical failure of the new organization to
carry forward the work until reinforced by a
new class of capitalists, bringing with them
larger means and a more powerful influence in
the financial world.
Early in September, 1865, it became man-
ifest that the contract could not be performed,
and that the work must stop unless additional
strength could be imparted to the corporation.
Accordingly, after urgent solicitation and long
consideration, myself and others associated
with me for the first time took an interest in
the organization. Its capital stock was in-
creased, additional money was raised, and the
work went forward. Under this arrangement
two hundred and forty-seven miles of road
were built, when, on the 16th day of August,
1807, it was superseded by the Oakes Ames
contract, so called, and this contract was on
the 15th day of October, 1867, assigned to
seven persons as trustees, and under it six
hundred and sixty-seven miles of road were
built.
The alleged corrupt transactions imputed to
me are all charged to have been initiated in
December, 18G7. Glance for a moment at
the situation of the Union Pacific Company
and my connection with it at that time. After
a long and nearly ineffectual struggle, the
final construction of the road had been assured
by my intervention in its affairs. No one
doubted that it would be rapidly pushed to
completion. Congress had long before, and
not at my instance, enacted the laws tendering
inducements to the capitalists of the country
to embark in the construction of the road, and
I and my associates accepted its offers and
undertook the work. The company had no
reason to apprehend unfriendly or hostile legis-
lation, for every department of the Govern-
ment manifested a iriendly attitude, and the
whole country was loud in demonstrations of
approval of the energy and activity which we
had infused into the enterprise. Heads of
Departments and Government officials of every
grade whose duties brought them in contact with
the affairs of the company were clamorous for
increased speed of construction, and never lost
an opportunity of expressing approval of- the
work and urging it forward. It had never
entered my mind that the company would ask
for or need additional legislation, and it would
have been difficult to find a man so reckless
of popular opinion as to have lent himself to a
crusade against an organization whose praises
everywhere filled the press and were on the
lips of the people.
As a matter of history, no legislation at all
affecting the pecuniary interests of the com-
pany was asked for for three years and a half
after the date of the alleged sales by me of
Credit Mobilier stock, and then only in settle-
ment of a purely judicial question suddenly
and without warning sprung upon it in a crit-
ical period of its fortunes, ana in relation to
which no controversy had ever before been
made. Under no other state of affairs and in
no other attitude of the Government could I
for a moment have been induced to assume
the enormous responsibility entailed by a
contract involving a liability of $47,000,000.
To undertake the construction of a railroad
at any price for a distance of nearly seven
hundred miles, in a desert and unexplored
country, its line crossing three mountain
ranges at the highest elevations yet attempted
on this continent, extending through a
country swarming with hostile Indians, by
whom locating engineers and conductors of
construction trains were repeatedly killed" and
scalped at their work—upon a route des-
titute of water, except as supplied by water
trains hauled from one to one hundred and
fifty miles to thousands of men aud animals
engaged in construction—the immense mass
of material, iron, ties, lumber, timber, pro-
visions, and supplies necessary, to be trans-
ported from five hundred to fifteen hundred
miles—I admit might well, in the light of sub-
sequent history and the mutations of opinion,
be regarded as the freak of a madman, if it
did not challenge the recognition of a higher
motive, namely, the desire to conncct my
name conspicuously with the greatest public
work of the present century. It is by no
means strange that my credit with conservative
financiers like Governor Washburn should
have been shaken, and that he should have
hastened to call in loans which in his judg-
ment this contract proved to be in unsafe
hands.
Under these circumstances, with all legisla-
tion sought granted, and no future action of
Congress to be asked for or feared, it is charged
that I " have been guilty of selling to members
of Congress shares of stock in the Credit
Mobilier of America for prices below the true
value of such stock, with intent to influence
the votes and decisions of such members in
matters to be brought before Congress for
action."
If this charge is true, it is predicated upon
three facts, all of which should be shown to the
satisfaction of this body in order to justify
the extreme measures recommended by the
committee:
1. The shares must have been sold at prices
so manifestly and palpably below the true
value as to conclusively presume the expecta-
tion of some other pecuniary advantage in
addition to the price paid.
2. The shares must have been of such a
nature as that their ownership would create iu
the holder a corrupt purpose, to shape legisla-
tion in the interest of the seller.
8. Some distinct and specific matter or thing
to be brought before Congress, and on which
the votes and decisions of members are sought
to be influenced, should be alleged and proved.
It is by no means clear from the testimony
that the stock was sold at a price less than its
true value. It was not on the market; it had
no market value. Unlike an ordinary market-
able commodity, it had no current price, arid
the amount for which it could be sold de-
pended upon the temperament of the buyer,
and his inclination to assume extraordinary
risks on the one hand, or his tendency to con-
servative and strictly solid investments on the
other. It is in proof before a committee of
this House, by witnesses largely interested in
railroad construction and operation, and of
great financial ability and strength, that when
this stock was offered to them at par it was
instantly declined by reason of the enormous
risks involved in the enterprises on which its
value depended.
These capitalists believed that all the capi-
tal invested in the stock was jeopardized, and
the venture was declined on the rule that no
promise of profit justifies a prudent man in
embarking in any enterprise in which all the
capital invested is liable to be sunk. Apart
from some proof that a small amount of this
stock changed hands between persons addicted
to speculation at about one hundred and fifty,
nothing is shown in reference to its value
except that it was not on the market, and had
no ascertained price. To overturn the pre-
sumption of innocence and substitute the con-
clusive imputation of guilt from the simple
fact of such a transaction occurring between
men who had long maintained the most
friendly personal relations—of whom nothing
was asked, and by whom nothing was prom-
ised—is to overturn all the safeguards afforded
person and property by the common law, and
in lieu thereof establish an inquisitorial code,
under which no man's reputation is safe.
It has been assumed that the ownership of
Credit Mobilier stock necessarily created in
the holder a personal and pecuniary interest
in procuring congressional legislation favor-
able to the Union Pacific Eailroad Company,
or preventing legislation adverse to it. At
the date of the alleged distribution of Credit
Mobilier stock, the Oakes Ames contract had
been made and wafe in progress of execution.
It was completed, and the road covered by the
contract turned over to the company about
the close of the year 1868. Not until'two
years after was any' legislation asked for by
the company, and then it was such as arose
out of exigencies presented ^>y the action of
the Government in reversing a long-continued
and uniform previous policy, which could not,
by any possibility, have been foreseen or
anticipated.
The stock depended for its value upon the
connection of the Credit Mobilier with the
Oakes Ames contract, which was simply in
the capacity of a guarantor of its execution,
whereby a certain class of its stockholders
became entitled to participate in the profits
of that contract in money. There is no pro-
vision of the Oakes Ames contract, the assign-
ment thereof, or of the triplicate agreement,
whereby a stockholder became entitled to any
of the securities of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, or in any way interested in their
value. The profits derived, if any, were to
be, and were, in cash. When the Oakes Ames
contract was completed, and the consideration
thereof divided in cash to the several parties
entitled, in due proportion, the interest of a
holder of Credit Mobilier stock in the Union
Pacific Ilailroad Company, and everything
pertaining to it, was at an end. In other
words, tho stipulations of that contract and the
cash profits derivable therefrom were the end
and the beginning—the ceftter and circumfer-
ence—the absolute measure of the pecuniary
interest of a holder of Credit Mobilier stock
in 1868. To say that the Washburne bill,
which professed to deal exclusively with the
operation of the road in the hands of the com-
pany after it had been built and turned over by
the contractors, was a measure feared, and to
protect the railroad company against which the
stock in question was sold to members of Cod-
