1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
gress, seems to me to invoke the last extreme
of credulity.
It is impossible to impute to me the purpose
to corruptly influence members of Congress
by conferring upon them pecuniary benefit
without adequate consideration, unless the
benefit conferred is of such a character as to
necessarily create an inclination to aid the
donor to the detriment of the public. There
is but one escape from this position, and that
leads to a lower deep. It may be saidthatthe
giving by any person and the receiving by a
member of Congress of any gratuity whatever,
or, what is identical therewith, selling and
buying at an inadequate price, imports cor-
ruption in both the giver and receiver, the
buyer and seller. Whoever proclaims this
doctrine should instantly set on foot the in-
quiry how many railroad presidents and super-
intendents have presented to members of Con-
gress the value of transportation over their
respective railroad lines, and by.whom the
same have been received, to the end that jus-
tice may be done, and the one presented for
indictment and the other for expulsion. The
dimensions and value of the gratuity have
nothing to do with the question. There is no
middle ground on which to stand.
For the first time in the history of any tri-
bunal, this body has before it an alleged
offender without an offense. Any person ac-
cused in the courts of the country, under like
circumstances, might well, when called upon
to plead to the indictment, insist that it failed
to charge a crime. I am charged by the com-
mittee with the purpose of corrupting certain
members of Congress, while it, at the same
time, declares said members to have been
unconscious of my purpose, and fails 10 indi-
cate the subject of the corruption. In other
words, the purpose to corrupt is inferred,
where the effect of corrupting could not by
possibility be produced, and where no subject
for corruption existed.
No lawyer who values his reputation will
assert that an indictment for bribery could
stand for an instant in a common law court
without specifically alleging who was the
briber, who was bribed, and what precise
measure, matter, or thing was the subject of
bribery. There can be no attempt to bribe
without the hope and purpose of corruptly in-
fluencing some person or persons in respect to
some particular act. Until, therefore, it is
alleged and shown not only who tendered a
bribe, but who accepted or refused it, and
what was the specific subject-matter of the
bribery, any conviction which may follow the
alleged offense must rest upon the shifting and
unstable foundation of individual caprice, and
not upon the solid rock of justice administered
under the restraints of law.
I shall not enter upon a discussion of the
jurisdiction of this body over offenses alleged
to have been committed during a previous
Congress, leaving that question for such addi-
tional comment as the lawyers of the House
choose to make. The position, however, that
the fault—if such exists—is a continuing
offense, is so extraordinary and fruitful of
such fatal consequences that I cannot forbear
a reference to it. Since the Credit Mobilier
stock sold by me passed into the hands of the
several members of Congress referred to in the
report I have been in the judgment of the
committee a perpetual and chronic offender
against the dignity and honor of the House,
and so far as my own volition is concerned
must so continue to the end of the world.
So long as a single share of this stock shall
not be restored, but shall remain in the hands
of the several receivers, or either or any of
them, my offense goes on, and I am bereft of
the power to stop it. And yet, notwithstand
ing the world is now apprised of my alleged
corrupt intentions—and no member of Con-
gress can be ignoiantof tliein—the parties who
alone have the power but fail to release me
from the necessity of continuing my offenses
by return of the stock, are themselves without
blame, and in no way obnoxious to the sins
laid upon me. The committee declare that
want of knowledge alone of the corrupt inten-
tion of the seller excused the buyer while
holding and owning the proceeds of the sale.
Now that such knowledge is everywhere and
among all men, how can this, in the absence
of a restoration of the stock or its proceeds, be
a living, continuing, perpetual crime in the
seller and not in the-buyer?
, I beg to be correctly understood. I allege
nothing against those members of the House
who purchased Credit Mobilier stock. I am
simply following the reasoning of the com-
mittee to its logical results. I make no assault
upon any man or class of men, but I most
earnestly protest against being chosen the vic-
tim of a line of reasoning and assertion, in my
judgment, unjust, partial, unsound, incon-
sistent, and inconclusive, calculated, if in-
dorsed, to bring this body into disrepute, and
repugnant to the sense of justice and fair play
imbedded in the hearts of the American
people.
Reference is made by the committee to the
act of February 26, 1863, and after setting out
the same, the following language is used:
"In the judgment of the committee, the facts
reported in regard to Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks
would have justified their conviction under the
above recited statute, and subjected them to the pen-
alties therein provided)"
I beg gentlemen to note the entire section
carefully and critically, and verify the asser-
tion I now make that every penalty denounced
upon him who shall " promise, offer, or give,
or cause or procure to be promised, offered or
given" "any valuable thing" "to any mem-
ber of Congress" "with intent to influence
his vote on any matter pending or to be brought
before him," is alike launched with impartial
severity against any member, officer, or person
who shall in anywise accept or receive the
same, not knowingly, willfully, or feloniously
receive the same, but in anywise accept or
receive the same. Mark the language:
" And the member, officer, or person who shall in
anywise accept or receive the same, or any part
thereof, shall be liable to an indictment as for a
high crime and misdemeanor, and shall, upon con-
viction thereof, be fined not exceeding ten times
the amount so offered, promised, or given, and im-
prisoned in a penitentiary not exceeding ten years."
Again I protest against the conclusion of
the committee, which makes this unequal,
partial, and discriminating allotment of the
penalties of a statute designed by its framers
impartially to strike or shelter all to whom it
applies. Whatever result may be reached
here, none can doubt that in the courts of the
country there will be one law for all.
Aside, then, from the letters addressed to
Mr. McComb, it is impossible to infer the mo-
tives attributed to me by the committee. A per-
fect understanding of the circumstances under
which these letters were written, and a candid
consideration of their objectand purpose, must,
I think, carry to any unbiased mind the convic-
tion that my motives were very far from those
ascribed to me. Mr. Duraot, Mr. McComb,
and myself were each anxious to secure as
large a portion as possible of the shares of
Credit Mobilier stock, and professedly for the
same purpose, namely, for disposition to
those persons with whom, for past favors or
personal friendship, we were willing to share
opportunities of profitable investment. I had
no desire or expectation to further eurich my-
self, formy sole object was to getaud retain as
much of this stock as possible to be used in
redeeming obligations of the character named.
These obligations had been incurred not only
to members of Congress, but to many private
citizens in no way connected with official life;
they had been contracted early in the year
18G7, when the stook could not be sold above
par, und it was to meet these contracts that I
made special efforts to obtain the stock. In
doing so, I took it, not for my individual use,
but as trustee, for the sole purpose of convey-
ing it to the parties entitled, and it would have
been a breach of faith in me to have asked or
taken a price in excess of the par value, not-
withstanding it may have in the mean time
advanced. No distinction was made between
members of Congress and unofficial friends,
and in performing the obligations I had in-
curred I sold to both alike stock at its par
value, in accordance with my agreement.
When, therefore, Mr. McComb objected to
my receiving so large an amount, and entered
upon a struggle to prevent it, I naturally ad-
dressed to him such arguments and considera-
tions as in my judgment would make the
deepest impression upon his mind. It so
happened that in the prosperity and success
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company Mr.
McComb and myself had a common and iden-
tical interest, and I therefore urged upon him
that I had so disposed of the stock as to
enhance the general strength and influence of
the company, for whose welfare his solicitude
was not less than my own. It is no sufficient
answer to this to say that the statement con-
tained in the letters on which I most relied to
influence his mind I now concede contained
expressions liable to be construed against the
purity of my motives. Tried by the test of
casual and confidential letters, often written
hastily and under circumstances and sur-
roundings entirely different from those in the
light of which they are interpreted—framed
for a specific purpose, and to accomplish a
particular end—their collateral and incidental
bearings not reflected upon and deliberately
weighed, but flung off hastily in the instant
press of business and the freedom of that per-
sonal confidence ordinarily existing between
parties jointly concerned in financial schemes
or enterprises of public improvement, he would,
indeed, be a cautious, a prudent, a wise, and
almost pefect man, who could emerge from
such an ordeal completely free from the sus-
picion of fault.
I wish, therefore, to declare, in the broadest
sense of which language is capable, that in
writing the McComb letters I had alone in
view the objects above enumerated; that I
never for an instant imagined that from them
could be extracted proof of the motive and
purpose of corrupting members of CoDgreas—
motives and purposes which I solemnly declare
I never entertained. The insignifieantamounts
of stock sold to each member with whom I had
dealings, the proven fact that I never urged
its purchase, and the entire lack of secrecy— •
ordinarily the badge of evil purposes—in
these transactions, ought, in my judgment, to
stand as a conclusive refutation of the offenses
charged. And above and beyond this, I sub-
mit that a long and busy life spent in the prose-
cution of business pursuits, honorable to my-
self and useful to mankind, and a reputation
hitherto without stain, should of its own weight
overcome and outweigh charges solely upheld
by the unconsidered and unguarded utterances
af confidential business communications.
A vast amount of error has been dissemin-
ated aud prejudice aroused in the minds of
many by incorrect and extravagant statements
of the profits accruing from the different con-
tracts for the construction of the road, and
especially that commonly known as the Oakes
Ames contract. The risk, the state of the
country, the natural obstacles, the inflation
of the currency, and consequent exorbitant
prices of labor and material, the Indian perils,
the unparalleled speed of construction, and
the clamorous demands of the country for
speedy completion seem to be forgotten, and
the parties connected with the Credit Mobilier
and the construction of the road are now to be
tried by a standard foreign to the time and
circumstances under which the work was done.
It is said that when the failure to secure the
necessary amount of cash subscriptions to the
stock was proved, and it became manifest that
the only medium through which the work could
go on was by a constructing company, which
