m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Senator, from Illinois call for the reading of
the report?
Mr. LOOAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICE It. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished busi-
ness o'f yesterday, being the bill (II. R. No.
3010) to authorize the construction of six steam
vessels of war, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
senator from louisiana.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I present the credentials of
Hon. William L. McMillen, elected to the Uni-
ted States Senate to fill the unexpired term of
my late colleague, (Mr. Kellogg.)
The Chief Clerk read the credentials, as fol-
lows:
: State of Louisiana.
The following resolution was adopted by the sen-
ate and house of representatives of the State of
Louisiana, in joint session, on Wednesday, the 15th
day of January, 1873:
Whereas it appears by the journals of each house
of the General Assembly of the State of Louisiana
that Hon. W. L. MeMillen was, on the 14th day of
January, 1873, elected United States Senator to fill
the unexpired term of Hon. W. P. Kellogg: *
J$e it resolved bu the senate and home in joint se^
sion. That the said election of Hon. W. L. MeMil-
len be testified in accordance with the law.
I). B. PENN,
Lieutenant Governor and President of the Senate.
a , J. C. MONCURE,
speaker Home of Hepreaentatives.
Wecertify the above to bo atrue copy of the min-
utes of the senate and house of representatives,
adopted m joint session, January 15,1873.
GEORGE B. SHEPUARD,
Clerk of the House oj liepresentat ives.
E. A. BURKE,
Secretary of the Senate.
State of Louisiana,
^ Executivr Officio,
. New Orlkans, January 15, 1873.
# !*■ John McEnery, Governor of the State of Louis-
iana, do hereby certify that Davidson B. Penn, Lieu-
tenant Governor and president of the senate ; J. C.
Moneure, speaker of the houso of representatives*
A. Burke, secretary of the senate; and George B.
onephard, chief clerk of the house of representa-
tives, are the officers herein designated and do-
scribed,and tbo foregoing signatures- are genuine
and. entitled to credence as officors aforesaid.
Given under my hand and the soa! of tho Stato,
r 1 .loth day of January A. D. J87.'i, and of
Ll, S.j the independence of the United States the
moety-soveath.
,, t. . JOHN McENERY.
By the Governor:
Y..A. WOODWARD,
Assistant Heeretary of State.
Mr. WEST. As there is a contest in this
case, I move the reference of the credentials
to the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WlBST. I beg leave also to offer the
credentials of another Senator elect.
The Chief Clerk read the credentials, as
follows:
State of Louisiana,
ivtecutivr Department,
Nrw Orlkans, January 15,1873.
I, William Pitt Kellogg, Governor of the State of
Louisiana, do hereby certify that on the 15th day of
January, in the year of our Lord 1873, John Ray was
duly elected by the General Assembly of this State
ate in tbo Sen*te of the United
of HonilliamU o "gS ! 0 n by the reSigna-
GlTefv.iinii?u han,dTanJ the seal of this State,
r, o 1 'J"8, loth day ot January, A. D. 1873, and of
the mdependene the United States the ninety-
WILLIAM PITT KELLOGG.
By the Governor:
P. 9. BESLONDE,
Secretary of State.
Mr. WEST. I move the reference of the
credentials just read to the Committee on
.Privileges and Elections.
The motion was agreed to. ■
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, the Senate
being now informed, and I think I may say
under the circumstances fully informed, that
the seat occupied recently by Mr. Kellogg has
become vacant by his withdrawal, I move now
that the Senate proceed to fill the vacancies
on the various committees occasioned by the
supercedure of Mr. -Kellogg.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered. How shall the vacancies be
fined?
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
was authorized to fill the vacancies.
bills recommitted.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move that the bill (S.
No. 1279) to fix the compensation of the deputy
collector of customs at St. Paul be recommitted
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to have the bill
(S. No. 1067) to provide for the creation and
regulation of railroad companies in the Terri-
tories of the United States referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. It is a general
railroad bill for the Territories which has been
considered by the Pacific Railroad Committee
and reported favorably. Many bills of the
same character are pending before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and I desire them to
examine this general bill. I move that it be
referred to that committee for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave tointroducea bill(S. No.
1429) to provide for the care and preservation
of the cemetery near the city of Mexico, pur-
chased in accordance with the act of Septem-
ber 28, 1850; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1430) making retirement in the Army after a
certain age obligatory ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and_ by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1431) to provide for the establishment of a
large arsenal of construction and repair, a
powder depot and proving ground, at suitable
points east of the Allegheny mountains, and
for the discontinuance and disposal of some
of the smaller arsenals ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1432) to provide for quieting title to the sites
of military posts in'lexas ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a -bill (S. No.
1433) to limit the time for the presentation to,
and decision of claims by, the Commissary
General of Subsistence, under the act to re-
strict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1434) to authorize preemptors or
settlers upon homesteads on the public land
to alienate portions of their preemptions or
homesteads for certain public purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1436) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Grand Round and
Walla-Walla Railroad Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. bAWYLR asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1430) for the relief of the estate of Thomas
Hord, deceased, of Tennessee; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1437)-to complete a water highway from
tide-water on James river to the Ohio river,
at the mouth of the Kanawha; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I will state that I offer this
bill by request, and I do not consider myself
committed to the support of its provisions. I
move that it be printed, and referred to the
select Committee on Transportation Routes to
the Seaboard.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1438) to provide for the payment in gold
of certain wages to seamen in foreign coun-
tries ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
postal telegraph.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate one thousand extra copies of Senate report
No. 242.
vessels 0e war.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3010) to authorize the construction of six
steam vessels of war, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Sherman to the substitute reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs was to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and substitute in lieu thereof
the following :
That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to
construct ten steam vessels of war with auxiliary
sau-power, and of such utass or classes as, in his
judgment, will best subserve the demands.of the
service, each carrying six or more guns of large
caliber; the hulls to be built of iron or wood, as the
Secretary may determine: Provided, That a portion
of said vessels shall oe built, in whole or in part, in
private yards, upon contract with the lowest re-
sponsible bidder therefor, upon public competition
proposals, due notice thereof being given by
advertisement, upon plans and specifications fur-
nished by the Navy Department, and under its
direction andbupervision, if, upon full examination
?• i p0°slderation, the same snail bo ddemed prac-
ticable by the Secretary of the Navy; or the hulls
oi t any portion ol said vessels may be built upon
private contract in the Government yards upon like
proposals, plans, specifications, and supervision,
and upon like examination and consideration, the
Government furnishing materials therefor.
The amendment to the amendment was to
add to the following additional section :
Sec. -. That neither of said vessels shall be com-
menced until fall and complete models, specifica-
tions and drawings shall be made for its construc-
tion m all its parts. And after such models and
e1i ar°t ?ppi?Tecl by the proper authority
mi not J?  i™anged m any respeet when the
fini f hXOe* I ' exce',t uP°a the recommenda-
surrey, composed of not less than
five officers of the Navy, and approved by the Sec-
fhiar<.yn? ^ an<l 'f changes are thus made,
the actual cost of, and damage caused by such
change shall be estimated by such board of survey.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move further to amend
the amendment of the committee by adding as
a new section the following:
Sec.—. That the work done in the navy-vardq in
the construction of said vessels shall be pafdfor at
the same rate for wages and materials as is paid for
similar work and materials in private ship-yards
m the locality where the vessel is being built ^ trad
Sterpfrbour!geS ^ b° Paid for *    MSd
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Ohio in-
timated yesterday that he purposed to with-
draw that amendment. I hope that is his
purpose now.
^5' ®®^RMAN. j think this amendment
ought to be adopted. The view I take of it is
this: these vessels cannot be built at the
navy-yards of the Government without costing
