1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1727
am to be offered up a sacrifice to appease a
public clamor or expiate the sins of others?
Not until such an offering is made will I be-
lieve it possible. But if this body shall so
order that it -can best be pdrified by the choice
of a single victim, I shall accept its mandate,
appealing With unfaltering confidence to the
impartial verdict of history for that vindication
which it is proposed to deny me here.
Mr; FARNSWORTH obtained the floor,
and said: I yield a few moments to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I do not propose now to say
a word with regard to the merits of the cases
now before the House, or to intimate any
opinion thereon. But, as upon yesterday, in
the views I presented with regard to the im-
peachment of the Vice President, I declared
that there was no precedent in the action of
the English Parliament for the expulsion of a
member solely for offenses committed before
the session of Parliament at which he was ex-
pelled, and as the chairman of the committee
has presented- to the House two eases, that of
Ward, and that of Atkinson, I desire to say that
I have now before me those cases, and that they
are both exactly like the ease of Walsh, in
1812, which I have quoted in my report. Like
Walsh's case, they were both cases of expul-
sion for crime committed before the session of
Parliament at which the expulsion took place.
But they were also both cases of expulsion
upon a record of conviction against the parties
for crimes of which.they had been convicted
daring that same session of Parliament; and
since the suffering conviction of felony during
that session would be a want, of good behavior
during that session, I say, as I said yesterday,
after referring to Walsh's case, that there is
no precedent ever in (Parliament for expelling
a member solely for previous offenses. If any
of the gentlemen now charged with offenses
committed prior to this Congress had been
during this Congress convicted in the courts,
the cases cited would be exactly precedent for
the power claimed to have been exercised by
Parliament, while as it is they are not.
Mr. MERRICK obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH next addressed the
House. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
expenses op the investigating committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my friend
from 'Maryland [Mr. Merrick] to yield a
moment. I have just received a message from
Senators saying that the Senate desires to pay
off the witnesses before the investigating com-
mittee in regard to the senatorial, election in
Kansas. A bill for that purpose is now on our
table. I ask unanimous consent that it may
be considered and passed, so that these wit-
nesses may receive their money.
There being no objection, the bill (S.
No. 1602) to provide for the expenses of the
investigation of the recent Senatorial election
m Kansas was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
The bill appropriates $10,000 to defray the
expenses of the select committee appointed by
the Senate on the 10th of February last to
inquire into certain charges.of bribery and
corruption in connection with the recent sen-
atorial election in Kansas.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill of the following title; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S, No. 1636) to place at the dis-
posal of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue certain copies of the new compilation of
the internal revenue laws.'
credit mobilier.
Mr. MERRICK. Mr. Speaker, never before
did responsibility fail upon me like that which
was devolved upon me by the order of this
House. I had .hoped to pass the small remnant
of my official career in that same tranquillity
and obscurity through which it had glided
during the past two years. But I had to meet
the responsibility which devolved upon me by
the order of the House of Representatives.
Most of the men who have been subjected
to the inquiry of this Committee have been
almost total strangers to me. But one of
them could I venture to class among my per-
sonal friends, and sad, indeed, it is that this
man is one of those who, under the high sense
of responsibility which has been devolved on
me, I have been constrained to consider and
charge before this assemblage as a guilty man.
Mr. Speaker, before going into the consid-
eration of the particular question affecting
individual members, it is proper to consider
what is the true meaning and purpose of the
report which has been made by the committee
to this House. It has been misunderstood,
it has been misrepresented, it has been falsi-
fied ; nay, the committee have been held up
to the world rather as the criminal than those
who have been subjected by the orders of this
House to their jurisdiction.
What is the meaning of that report ? Have
we undertaken to say that the men who have
been arraigned before us are without fault?
Have we acquitted and justified them be-
fore the American people for all the things
they have done in this connectisn ? Those
who so read that- report misunderstand' totally
its scope and purpose. We were charged
with a specific duty to inquire whether or not
certain men were bribed by Oakes Ames or
others, and in the discussion of the precise
question as to whether men were or were not
bribed by Oakes Ames or others, certain ex-
pressions were used designed by the commit-
tee to reflect only the identical legal question
which was propounded to us, to wit: was
there such a state of mind and purpose at the
time and in the act of the reception of the
contract as made between them and him as
make them guilty ol receiving bribes. A nd it
was in that connection, with reference to that
precise question which we were discussing and
bound to discuss and determine, that we used
that language which has been the subject of so
much misconstruction and so much censure
upon the members of the committee.
The language to which I refer is to be found
especially on the ninth page of the report of
that committee. It is in these words :
"The committee do not find either of the above-
named gentlemen in his contracts with Mr. Ames
had any corrupt motive or purpose himself, or was
aware Mr. Ames had any; nor did either of them
suppose he was guilty of any impropriety or any in-
delicacy in becoming a purchaser of this stock.
That phrase has been strained into a white-
washing phrase, if I may be suffered to use
the expression, as a total exculpation of all
the parties concerned in this transaction with
reference to each and every stage of their
action in this regard. If men will read
calmly and dispassionately all that is said in
that report, that which follows this particular
language, they understand the import of Eng-
lish differently, far differently from what I do
if they consider the committee meant to excul-
pate all gentlemen from all blame by reason
of the transactions in which they _ had been
engaged; for we went on to say in the first
place that " had it appeared that these gen
tlemen were aware of the enormous dividends
upon this stock and how they were to be earned,
we could not thus acquit'them." Acquit them
of what? Acquit th> ra of the act of bribery
in the reception of the contract and the profits
of the contract as made between them and
Mr. Ames.
And the committee go on then and discuss
the general subject as connected with this mat-
ter of indiscreetly placing themselves in a posi-
tion unbecoming to members of a deliberative
law-making body. And we hold up to them,
by contrast with their acts and conduct, the
example of the venerable Senator from Del-
aware, (Mr. Bayard,) who felt he had not dis-
charged his official duties by closing his eyes
to the consequences of a contract into which
he might enter, and the committee say the
duty of each and every man is not to enter
into a contract without seeing when he does
enter into it that he is entering into one which
shall by no possibility affect his public conduct.
It was the object of this committee as far
as they could consistently do so within the
limits of the power which was delegated to
them, to strike a blow and to cast a censrfre
upon all who were so indiscreet and blind and
so grossly negligent as willfully to place
themselves in the line of temptation. The
committee were well aware that practices had
been indulged in and that scandals had come
upon the Legislatures of this nation, both na-
tional and State, by men crowding into places
of high trust filled to overflowing with a self-
interest which blinded and warped their judg-
ments and was prejudicial to the national in-
terests, because under its inducements they
were pandering to their own'private purposes
and gains and utterly disregarding the public
good. I am willing and anxious that this re-
port so understood shall go forth before this
country ; and then when it is conceived and
interpreted in the spirit in which it was written,
men will cease to say that this is a white-
washing report.
We see scandals before us greater perhaps,
and more enormous, Mr. Speaker, than the
scandal which we are called on to pass judg-
ment upon here. We see in the Halls of Con-
fress, and in the halls of the various State
legislatures, men rushing into them, men who
go there for the express purpose of subserving
their own personal interest, men seeking to be
placed upon committees where they shall have
an opportunity of crushing out and preventing
action upon those things in regard to whieh
they have the liveliest and deepest personal
interest to prevent legislation. The object of
the committee in the remarks they made in
that direction is to bring back the public
mind to a sound and wholesome estimate of
what are public morals and the duties of pub-
lic legislators. That was what we had in view
in this connection. That was the spirit and
purpose of the committee.
Further than that, Mr. Speaker, we have
been accused of making scape-goats of two indi-
viduals. Had we possessed jurisdiction over
other men whose names were presented to
the committee, and with regard to whom tes-
timony was taken, perhaps the result would
have been that there would not have been
an exact balance between political parties in
the judgment which was pronounced by the
committee. But we had not jurisdiction 'over
all the men with regard to whom, incident-
ally, it became our duty to make inquiries.
And if it be so that it has happened that there
is one of one great political party and another
of another great political party, I may be al-
lowed to say that partisan considerations did
not cross the threshold of that committee-
room. We had a grave judicial^ duty to per-
form. It was as solemn an obligation upon
us to acquit those men, with regard to whom
the evidence did not satisfy us of guilt in (
respect to the matter which was charged, as
it was to find a judgment of guilty against
those -with reference to whom the proof in our
judgment was complete. And it is one of the
proudest circumstances of my life to believe
that each and every member of that commit-
tee felt that it waB as solemn a duty to find a
