187B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7m
expense, you may go on in excess of that just
as much as you like?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not at-
tach any practical importance to it, except
that when a change is to be made and a
board of officers go and see what is to be
done, and estimate its cost, you have that esti-
mate as so much evidence as to the value of
the change. In the first place, it will be evi-
dence as to the propriety and reasonableness
of doing it ; and in the second place, as to the
value of the thing itself. That is all the im-
portance I attach to it, and I submit to the
Senator whether with that he would not think
the public interest pretty safe, and whether,
on the other hand, if he subjects the chapge to
the option of the contractor he does notdefeat
the power of the Government to make the
change.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My only
purpose in this amendment was to prevent
these contractors coming in ten years after-
ward for pay forchanges made in the contract,
and I cannot see, any more than my colleague,
the propriety of requiring that an estimate
shall be made as to the value of these changes
unless we provide at the same time that the
contractors bhall be bound thereby as well as
the Government. I do not desire to impede
the progress of this bill; I only wish to have
proper safeguards placed around it. But let
me ask my friend from Maine whether he
deems it practicable for the Secretary of the
Navy to make contracts with such a provision
as this, that the board shall estimate the cost
of these changes when made, and thatthe con-
tractors shall be bound thereby as well as the
Government ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly know.
As a practical question, of course I have no
information on the subject; but I can hardly
conceive that it would be a just and proper
thing to make a contract with a responsible
parly, and then for the Government arbitrarily
to make a change which might be against his
interest, and assess the damages by a board
of its own and make it conclusive on him.
But I do think it is reasonable that the Gov-
ernment making the change should take espe-
cial pains to protect itself by a proper board
of survey, first, to the end that changes should
not be made unless they were reasonable; and
in the second place, that they should not be
made at anybody's whim, and therefore it
should call a board for that purpose and take
the evidence, both for the contractor and for
itself, as to the reasonable expense of the
change. But to say that the Government
should have the power to make the contract
and to change the contract according to its
own notions, without consulting thecoatractor,
and then to say that it would assess the dam-
ages and he should have nothing beyond that,
I submit would be arbitrary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why, Mr.
President, the parties who are to assess the
damages or make an estimate are not parties
in interest; they are experts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But they are
arbitrators chosen bv one side.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They have
no interest except to do what is just and
proper. Is it not a.common practice for a
man who builds a house or a store to stipulate
with the contractor that alterations may be
made and that the architect, who is an expert,
shall say whether the alteration increases or
diminishes the cost? It strikes me this is
nothing more than what we do in our ordinary
private business, and we may as well say that
the architect is a party on the one side as to
say thai these naval officers, who are selected
on account of their experience, skill, and
knowledge of the subject, are parties on the
Mile ot the Government, ft seems tu me that
the amendment. would be practicable; but a*,
the same time I admit that the Senator irom
Maine is better versed in these matters than I
42l> (yonfl. 3l> Kr-s.—No. 4H.
am. I only throw it out as a suggestion to
the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will not abandon his idea, nor go back
on it, if I may use that expression. If he
means to effect the purpose which he says
he has in view—that is, to prevent contractors
from coming in here during the remainder of
the life of this Government to ask for addi-
tional compensation—my own experience and
observation lead me to the conclusion that
there is but one way to do it, and that is to
make it a capital offense for a Department to
alter a contract, or alter a plan upon which a
contract is to be executed, or for a contractor
to vary at all from the specifications in the
execution of a contract. I think every Sen-
ator will see that there is no sort of use in
making a contract, or rather in receiving bids
for a contract, it'the parties to it, any bureau
acting for the Government and the contractor
acting for himself, may at their pleasure alter
the contract after it is made. Why take bids
at all? Why submit to competition at all?
The only effect of making the contract under
such circumstances is to drive all competi-
tion out of the market. It is to give to the
successful bidder a right of preemption, so to
speak; that is to say, rather, an exclusive
right to do the work—not the work that he
bids for, but the work that the Government
shall afterward conclude they want to have
done.
After a pretty long service upon the Com-
mittee 011 Claims, I am led to the conclusion
that our usage has been for the Government
to contract for something and then get, under
that contract, whatever they afterward con-
clude they want. If they contract for a school-
house they may get a church, or vice versa.
If they contract for a gunboat they may get a
seventy-four. If they contract for a dock they
may get a custom-house. If they contract for
a basket of figs they may get thistles. There
is no certainty what the Government will get.
You cannot be led to any positive conclusion
by reading the contract.
I hope, Mr. President, for one, that the
present head of the Navy Department will
never undertake to build one of the vessels
provided for in this bill until he has brought
himself to agree upon a plan he is willing to
stand by until the vessels can be completed,
and if he postpones the building until that
time he will not want to make any changes, 1
take it, in the process of construction. I think
if you are going to authorize a contract at all,
and he is going to make a contract, it will be
better to require both parties to stand by the
contract, hit or miss. If we find that we can-
not run the vessel after it is built, then he had
better come and get another appropriation
and build another vessel. After a tew experi-
ments we shall get so that we can build a
vessel that will answer the purposes ot the
Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will modify
my amendment, by striking out the last words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
! mentis modified to read as follows ;
I And the terms of the contract shall provide that
i the contractors shall be bound by the estimate^ or
| said board as to tliu amount of compensation thej
; are to receive or not to receive in consequence of any
such changes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am quite
satisfied if the Secretary of the Navy cannot
! find one contractor to make a contract of that
i kind, he will find some other one who will.
l' .Mr. CRAGIN. I suggest that the words
1; or not to receive" in the amendment nii^lit
as well be left out. I take it, the coutiactor
' will receive some compensation if there are
, changes
Ml'. T11U11MAN. This amendment, as I
understand, is an amendment to the amend-
• ment which was offered by my colleague ves-
ii terday. Now, if the Senator from Vermont
will give me his attention for a moment, I
wish to call to his notice the fact that the
ij amendment already adopted provides that no
I; change shall be made unless it be recommended
by a naval board, and approved by the Secre-
tary of the Navy upon such recommendation,
and it is made the duty of that naval board to
make an estimate of the amount to be paid on
account of such change. The amendment of
the Senator from Vermont is that that esti-
!| mate thus made shall be the contract price
[] for making the change. In principle, there
!| is no objection in the world to that. There
i is scarcely a construction contract made in
i America in a year that does not contain pro-
,1 visions precisely like this in principle, gener-
/ ally, provisions that for extra work done, or
'! changes made in the plan or construction of
the road, there shall be such extra compensa-
tion made as the engineer of the company shall
determine. I have diawn scores of them my-
self, and seen five times as many as I have
ever drawn, containing that provision. Noth-
ing is more common than that. There the
mat ter of compensation is referred even to an
officer of the company, and the courts have
always sustained it, and said that where it is
declared that his decision shall be final in the
premises, it is binding on the parties, and can-
not be reviewed in any court in the absence
of proof of fraud.
There is nothing in principle wrong in this;
bat here is the practical question that I wish
to submit to my friend : he makes the estimate
the absolute price for doing the work, including
the damage to the contractor owing to the
changes that have been made. It may be that
the Secretary of the Navy might think that
estimate too high. It may be that the con-
tractor would be willing to do it for less than
that estimate, or it may be that the Secretary
would say, " If it cannot be done at less cost
| than that, I will not make the change at all;
I I will not order the change to be made and
! the contractor might be very willing to make
| the change and do it for less money than this
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor will allow me, does he not perceive that
the proposed change and estimate therefore
are made in one report, and it devolves upon
the Secretary of the Navy to say whether at
that price he will make the change or not?
Mr. THURMAN. But I understood the
Senator to strike out that clause in his amend-
ment which gave the Secretary that discretion.
Mr. MORKILL, ofVermout. Not at all,
Mr. TELURMAN. The amendment ought
to be distiuct so as to allow the Secretary of
the Navy not to make the change if he sees fit
not to make it at. the cost which this naval
board shall estimate. It ought to leave it in
his discretion. If it does, then I see no objec-
tion to it; but if it does not, that ought to be
inserted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It does not
change that part of the amendment in the
least.
, Mr. THURMAN. Le.it be read again in
i connection with the amendment of which it is
■ a part.
i; Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be neces-
sary to read the whole of the amendment
' adopted yesterday in connection with the mat-
I ter proposed to be inserted in order that tho
| Senator from Ohio may see precisely how it
i, stands.
'! The Chief Clerk read as follows :
■ i That neither oi said vessels shall be commenced
II until lull and complete models,specifications, ana
i, drawings shall he made for its construction in all its
.< par!.-. And alter Mich models and drawings are
i! approved by the proper authority, they shall not bo
enau^ed in any respect when the cost will exceed
S-kv. except upon the recommendation ot a boardoi
'■ Mir\composed o! not less than hve otheer.- <d the
■ \, anil approved by the ^eoiutary ot the J*av> ;
and U changes arc thus made, the actual J*.*t ot una
! damage cautou by such ctiange ,-hall be estimated
. by such board of survey; a-nd the term-' of the coa-
it tract shall pruvide that the contractors fehuil be
