1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1729
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I desire to ask pre-
cisely the same question which has just been
addressed to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Merrick,] with the addition that it ap-
pears in the report of the committee that Mr.
Ames, in answer to an inquiry made by Mr.
Dawes, communicated this fact; I will look
it up in a moment.
Mr. RITCHIE. I hope my colleague will
not yield to any further interruptions.
Mr. KERR. Before this goes on any fur-
ther I desire now, in the interest of this
investigation and of the whole House, to take
the responsibility of objecting to any other
interruptions.
" ' ~ The gentleman has no
The SPEAKER,
right to do that.
Mr. MERRICK,
think.
The SPEAKER.
I can protect myself, I
Any gentleman occupy-
ing the floor for one hour may consent to yield
any portion of it to another. It is for the
gentleman occupying the floor to determine
that.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. In answer to in-
quiries put to him, Mr. Ames said that "the
Credit Mobilier Company had the contract to
build the Union Pacific railroad, and thought
they would make money out of it, and that it
would be a good thing."
Mr. MERRICK. Yes, sir; that is precisely
what Mr. Ames stated. He represented to
these gentlemen that here was a company that
had a contract to build the Union Pacific rail-
road, and expected by means of their contract
to make reasonably good profits. That is all
he did state to them ; and he followed up that
statement by his own personal assuranee that
he would guaranty to them that they should
have at least ten per cent, profit upon their
money. He did not intimate anything more.
It does not appear that he explained to them
any further the relations between the Credit
Mobilier and the Union Pacific railroad. As
I have already endeavored to show, if the
committee had found that he did explain to
any or to all of these gentlemen the relations
between the Credit Mobilier and the Union
Pacific Railroad Company we would have felt
bound, under the obligations resting upon us,
to find each and all of those proved to have
had such knowledge guilty of the same crime
that we have characterized in respect to some
other individuals.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A single question:
Did not Mr. Ames inform these gentlemen that
he desired to interest prominent men in this
matter ?
Mr. MERRICK'. I am not aware of that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I find that in the
testimony.
Mr. MERRICK. But still he may have
professed a desire to interest prominent men
in a legitimate corporation with the view of
invoking legitimate influence in favor of that
corporation, while at the same time they might
not have been guilty in entering into such a
corporation with such limited information in
regard to it. All men know, it is common
sense to see, that where you getashrewd, intelli-
gent man or a large capitalist interested in any
corporation, the very fact that he is thus inter-
ested tends to give credit to the corporation
before the world, and offers an inducement
to oilier men to become identified in the same
way with the interests of that corporation.
Mr. PAIiNS WORTH. The gentleman from
Maryland has said to the House that Mr. Ames,
with ''satanic skill," deceived these people
who dealt with him. Now, I desire to call
the gentleman's attention to a line of the tes-
timony of Senator Logan, on page 343 :
" He and I wero good friends. H  said to me that
ho was seeking prominent, influential men in the
country to invest in this stock."
Was there any "satanic skill" about that?
Mr. MERRICK. Now, Mr. Speaker, as I
have said, the committee considered this case
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 109.
in the light of the facts and the knowledge
possessed by these gentlemen at the time they
made the contracts with Oakes ASies ; and
considering the ease in the light of those facts
and that knowledge, it was impossible for us
to bringf in against these gentlemen a verdict
of guilty of participation in the crime of bri-
bery. As I have already said, we do not ad-
vert in the report to what might or might not
have been the moral effect if, after becoming
advised of these inordinate profits, they con-
tinued to participate in the results of the con-
tract which they may originally have made
innocently. Upon the facts reported by us on
this subject, we leave the ease to the judg-
ment of the House to. say how far any or all
of these men may or may not have been
guilty of either moral or legal turpitude in
continuing to participate in the profits of a
concern with regard to which they became
aware that there was something rotten in its
constitution.
Now, Mr. Spe&ker, this brings me to the
consideration of the questions affecting the
gentleman with reference to whom the com-
mittee have made a specific report. With
regard to the case of James Brooks—and I
am pained to mention the name of one who
has heretofore been honored in the country
and in the party of which I am a member—
in reference to his case the committee could
not shut their eyes to the fact that he must
have known from the beginning all the relations
between these two corporations. He was from
the first an active agent in cooperation with
Durant and the other men in placing this
stock. He made efforts thereto for nearly a
year, as the evidence shows. He claims credit
and exculpation from the fact that he had
made diligent efforts to place that stock.
Four or five hundred thousand dollars of that
stock he was endeavoring to locate with
various men. He was on intimate relations
with Durant. He was in intimate relations
with all the operators of the Pacific rail-
road. He was in daily communication with
them. He could not have failed to know
the relations between the Credit Mobilier and
the Union Pacific railroad.
He claims to have had a sort of running,
floating contract with Durant, running from
the commencement of March, 1867, down to
the time when he consummated the arrange-
ment with iDurant by virtue of which he be-
came possessed of one hundred shares of
Credit Mobilier stock. How and when did
he become possessed of that stock? He had
been made a Government director of the
Union Pacific railroad in the month of Octo-
ber, 1867. He had all the time, by virtue of
this optional contract of which he speaks, the
right, as he says and claims, to become pos-
sessed of one hundred shares in that corpora-
tion. Why did he not take it under the con-
tract, if it were an innocent contract, when
the stock was not worth so large a profit in
the market as it afterward came to be worth ?
When do you find him raking from the dead
ashes this pretended right of his? On the
12th day of December, 1867. the Credit Mo-
bilier had declared a dividend of eighty per
cent, in Union Pacific railroad bonds, which
were worth in the markefe ninety-seven per
cent. In twelve days after that dividend was
declared you find him for the first time assert-
ing his claim to the possession of these hun-
dred shares of Credit Mobilier stock, insisting
on the possession of these shares, with the
commission of Government director in the
Union Pacific railroad in his pocket.
It is a very significant circumstance he
should have suffered this claim of his thus to
lie dormant until he had become a Govern-
ment director, and until the stock had become
enormously profitable, until it had come to
that point where it was worth one hundred and
sixty, two hundred, or three hundred per cent,
in the close market to which it was confined.
It was not on the common stock board, I agree;
but it was within the knowledge of a selected
few. He seems to have possessed that knowl-
edge, for he insisted upon his supposed rights
at the most propitious time for their~yieldmg
the largest pecuniary results. He claimed and
insisted on having this stock granted to him
then ; and when his claim was conceded, not
as aright, but when his claim was conceded,
then he revealed his guilty knowledge too
patently for any eye to fail to see it, because in
the very moment of its concession to him he
said, that he being a Government director,
could not take it in his own name ; and when,
and only when it is conceded to him as a right
does he transfer it to his son-in-law. Who
can say, what rational being can say by trans-
ferring this thing which he first claims and gets
possession of in his own right, to his son-in-
law, he thereby purged himself of the iniquity?
The iniquity attached at the time he demanded
and received the title to himself; and if it •
rested in him but an instant, how can it be said
he is guiltless of demauding and receiving in
the character of a Government director that
which he, by confessions of his own mouth,
admitted he was not entitled to receive, be-
cause he was disqualified by the official posi-
tion which he held from staining his hands
with it, and with reference to which he was
charged with the duty of being a disinterested
trustee for the public, the American people.
And will you tell me that a man can be held
guiltless because when he claims a thing as a
right and it is conceded to him as a right
he is discharged because he transfers it over
to his son-in-law, a man living in his owu
house, and charged secondarily with the pro-
tection and support of that daughter whom
he himself primarily, by the bonds of nature,
was bound to provide for? Why, sir, you might
as well say that a man is not corrupt who for
the sake of official influence insists with some
man who has patronage, " I demand that you
shall give to me in return for my services the
disposition of a profitable office; I cannot
receive it for myself, but I will transfer it to
my son or to my nephew or to my son-in-
law." Is he guiltless who thus claims it for
his family, any more than if he claimed it and
had the manliness to take it and to profess
to do so for himself?
Now, sir, so much for the guilty knowledge
of James Brooks at that time. He then acted
as Government director on the 2d day of Janu-
ary and on the 6th of February. He thereafter
soon claimed the accretion of fifty shares by
virtue of his ownership of the original one hun-
dred shares. In whose name did he make that
negotiation? By what right did he insist on
that additional amount? Still in the name
of James Brooks. Still the rights of James
Brooks were asserted. Still the rights and
the name of James Brooks were held promi-
nently before those who were concerned in the
disposition of this matter. Then at last, when
the right of James Brooks was conceded on
the 29th of February, 1868, he comes in again
and orders this to be transferred to his son-in-
law. The right is demanded in his own name ;
the concession is made to him in his own
name; and the transfer of the fruits of his
guilt is made to his son-in-law, and that, for-
sooth, is a matter of complete purgation I
Now, sir, if you desire proof with reference
to that, turn to the testimony of Dillon, to be
found on page 233 of the printed testimony:
" Question. I understand that in the negotiation
you had with Mr. Brooks in regard to the proposed
increase of stock which he churned that he was enti-
tled to, you do not remember whether Buqokh,
Neilson, or anybody else's name was mentioned?
The question in negotiation was whetner they
should have the stock?
" Aiurwer. When Mr. Brooks came to me he said
he was entitled to so much stock, but when he found
that it was going to be given to him by the majority
of the stockholders of the Credit Mobilier, he tnen
said directly in substance that it was to go to hit
son-in-law, and not to him."
And turn to the resolution of the board
