1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
making the allowance of that stock, to be
found on page 345 of the printed testimony:
<f We, the undersigned, stockholders in the Credit
Mobilierof America, consent to the sale of one hun-
dred shares of its stock at par to General G. M.
Bodge "—-j
Another man I am sorry the committee has
not jurisdiction over also—
*' chief engineer of the TJnion Pacific Railroad Cora
pany, and also to the sale to Hon. James Brooks
of the balance he is entitled to under his agreement
with T. C. Durant, the said Brooks to pay par value
for the same."
That was granted on the 29th of February,
1868, a few days after that agreement was
entered into. Then look at the stock ledger
and you will see an erasure of fifty shares in
somebody's name, and the name of Charles
H. Neilson inserted in lieu thereof.
But further than that, Mr. Speaker, what
does Mr. Brooks say himself with reference
to these matters at page 251 ?
"Question. Did you ever know that the persons who
• were entitled to take fifty per cent, additional stock
were entitled to have the same amount of Union
Pacific railroad bonds?"
"Answer. X did notknow the particulars. Iknew
it brought a large profit; in what form I did not
know, and I carefully avoided knowing."
Why did he so carefully avoid knowing? A
man who deliberately shuts his eyes to the
profits, the enormous profits which he insists
upon possessing, must have known at least that
there was something wrong in reference to it
or he would not have been so careful to ex-
clude the knowledge from his own mind. But
he did know it, because when you turn back to
see what his son-in-law did with the proceeds
of the one hundred shares of stock he got, the
son-in-law says Mr. Brooks advanced the
money for him, and in turn received the stock
dividends, and he would have us to presume
that he deposited with his. father in-law, Mr.
Brooks, as collateral security for this sura, a
large proportion of these Pacific railroad bonds
which he had received as first dividend on
these one hundred shares.
Now, again, sin, to show the guilty knowl-
edge in reference to this matter with regard to
the collaterals and tjhe distribution made of
the proceeds of this stock, Mr. Brooks says
that he knew nothing about it, that he does
not recollect that Neilson gave him any of
these collaterals, and never touched a cent of
the proceeds. You will find on page 249 of
the record the following:
"Anwr. I passed everything over to Mr. Neilson.
I never touched a cent of tho proceeds of the trans-
action.
"Quuntion. Do you rometu,bor whether theso bonds
were actually in your possession ?
"Answer. If they were.it would have been only
long enough tor him to go to ray place, or for me to
go to hi>s place.
"Question. Do you think these bonds could have
been placed with you as security for the payment of
the amount you advanced to Mr. Neilson?
"An*\oer. My impression is that they were not.
I never asked him for any collateral.
"Question. Do you believe you ever held them
at all ?
"AjwnwvNo; I believe I never held thom at all.
Question. And that you never had a certificate
for union Pacific railroad stock?
"Answer. I know 1 ndvor did. I speak confidently
in regard to that. I would not touch it. I was about
to accept the position of Governmeilt director, and
I would not touch a share of tho stock of the rail-
road company."
Then if you turn to the testimony of Mr.
Neilson, on pages 409 and 410, you will find
that Neilson testifies in this way:
" Question. Has it been your h,abit, whenever you
have paid him any money or received money from
him, to keep no record of it?
"Auvwci. Wnen I have paid him any money it
has been by check. *
"Question. Have you not kept any memorandum
or account of your dealings between yourself and
him ?
\\Amwer. No, sir; not formal memoranda.
" Question. 1 do not know what you mean by
formal. Have yon kept anything by which you
oould show the transactions between you?
"Answer. I have given Mr. Brooks a check for
&y,0lX) on account of a loan that was given in a check.
"Question,. Ho advanced $10,000 to pay for one
hundred shares; was it just$10,000?
'^Answer. Just $10,000.
" Question. Did you have any account of that, or
any memorandum of it; anything in writing ?
"Answer. I have nothing in writing to show.
" Question. Did you at any time make any mem-
orandum of it?
"Answers No.
"Question. Do you know whether Mr. Brooks
made any ?
"Answer. Not to my knowledge?
*' Question. Did you give him any note or any
obligation ?
"Answer. I gave him no note.
" Question. There was nothing in writing on his
part, or your part, as far as you know?
11 Answer. No, sir.
" Question. I have forgotton whether you stated
that you gave him any security for the $10,000 ?
"Answer. I gave him collateral security for it in
Union Pacific first-mortgage bonds.
" Question. The same bonds you received with the
stock?
"Answer. They were bonds I received from the
company.
" Question. At the time you received these one
hundred shares of stock, there went with it $5,000 in
bonds and $20,000 in stock of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, if I remember right. Did you have
that?
"Answer. That was given to me.
" Question. Was that the security that you gave to
Mr. Brooks?"
"An8ioer. 1 gave the bonds as apart of the security
to Mr. Brooks; I hypothecated them with him,* X
did njot give them to him; they were mine; I merely
hypothecated them.
" Question. Did he receive from you the same se-
curities, bonds, and stock, that you received at the
time you got the one hundred shares ?
"Answer. When I got the one hundred shares I
received at the same time two hundred shares Union
Pacific railroad stock and five first-mortgage bonds;
I gave him the fivo first-mortgage bonds.
" Question. Did you give him the stock?
"Answer. I do not think I did; the-shares were
made out in my name and X did not transfer them.
" Question. He did not roceive the two hundred
shares and never had that stock ?
Answer. I always retained the stock.
" Question. But the $5,000 in bonds were given over
to him as collateral security ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; as a part of the collateral se-
curity I gave him.
" Question. Did you give him other bonds than
theso?
"Answer. Not at the time I received the Credit
Mobilier stock.
"Question. Did you at any time to secure that
loan ?
"Answer. Afterward, as I received bonds from the
company as an allotment, Xgave him some bonds,
enough to cover the loan.
" Question. But these were bonds you subsequently
received as dividends upon the stock?
"Answer. Bonds that 1 received from the company,
ton first-mortgage bonds.
"Question. Did you receive them from the com-
pany as dividends upon the stock?
"Answer* I received them as dividends, or allot-
ments, whatever you may call it.
"Question. So that all the collateral security you
gave him were bonds which you received as divi-
dends or allotments on the one hundred shares of
Credit Mobilier stock?
"Annxoer. Not quite; I think the $5,000 I first
received were dividends upon that stock; those I
gave him subsequently Xreceivod from the company
by virtue of holding the one hundred shares.
"Question. Soon after receiving the one hundred
shares there was a bond dividend?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Qumtion, And you then delivered these bonds to
Mr. Brooks as security?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I delivered them to him as I
would do to any New York man from whom I
borrowed money." ******
"Question* Have you repaid any part of this loan
prior to the check of $9,000?
"Ansxoer. X had not repaid him anything."
With regard to the receipt of the fruits of
these bonds, Mr. Brooks says that he never
touched them. What does his son-in-law say.
On page 414 be testifies as follows:
"Question* Do these bonds draw interest?
"Answer. They do.
"Question. Who receives the interest upon them ?
"Answer. Mr. Brooks has given me, from time to
time, a portion of the interest coupons.
"Question. Does h^oharge you interest upon the
loan ?
"Answer. I expect to pay him interest upon it
when the account between us is settled.
"Question. You have not closed your account with
him during the last five years?
"Answer. No, sir; it was natural, I presume, that
1 snould obtain money from Mr. Brooks when X
needed money.
"Question. Yet you did not keep any formal books
with him?
"Answer. I do not keep any formal books with
him."
Again on page 416 he says :
" Question. Tho interest upon the bonds Mr. Brooks
holds is in part drawn by you ?
"Answer. He has given me some coupons. He has
given me the coupons from five of the bonds, as per
agreement. The coupons on the other ten bonds he
draws himself." * * * * * * *
Then he has had interest on eleven
thousand?
"Answer. Yes; Mr. Brooks from time to, time has
made me some presents of $500 about Christmas or
New Year's." * * * * * * *
" Question. Would he be any more likely to give it
at Christmas or New Year's than at any other por-
tion of the year ?
"Answer. No; he did not always give it at New
Year's."
And when pressed upon this point be made
this admission:
"Question. You got it, then, not because it was
New Year's, but because the interest was due ?
"Answer. Because the interest was then due."
Mr. Brooks never has been paid, and never
will be paid till the crack of doom. For four
long years Mr. Brooks has been in possession
of these bonds drawing interest. That is the
character of the case in regard to Mr. Brooks
and his son-in-law, Mr. Neilson. Was not the
committee justified with this recital of the
transaction in saying that the whole transac-
tion between Brooks and Neilson was a mere
sham, and that in point of fact Neilson was a
mere figurehead in the ownership while Mr.
Brooks derived the fruits of the contract, and
has continued to enjoy them, and enjoys them
at the present day. I am sorry, sir, sorry from
the depth of my heart, to be obliged to make
this statement and exposition of testimony in
this cause, but when duty calls me, neither
friend nor foe must expect me to depart from
the line of duty, let the consequences fall on
whom they may.
[Here the hammer fell.]
affairs in louisiana.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
States, which the Clerk read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
Your attention is respectfully invited to the con-
dition of affairs in the State of Louisiana.
Grave complications have grown out of the elec-
tion there on the 6th of November last, chiefly at-
tributable, it is believed, to an organized attempt
on the part o*f those controlling the election officers
and returns to defeat in that election the will of a
majority of the electors of the State. Different per-
sons are claiming the executive offices, two bodies
are claiming to be the Legislative Assembly of tho
State, and the confusion and uncertainty produced
in this way fall with paralyzing effect upon all its
interests.
Controversy arose as soon as the election occurred
over its proceedings and results, but X declined to
interfere until suit, involving this controvery to
some extent, was brought in the circuit court of the
United States under and by virtue of the act of May
31, 1870, entitled "An act to enfdtfce the right of
citizens of the United States to vote in the several
States of the Union, and for other purposes."
Finding that resistance was made to judicial pro-
cess in that suit, without any opportunity, ana-, in
my j udgment, without any right to review the judg-
ment of the court upon the jurisdictional or other
Questions arising in the case, I directed the United
tates marshal to enforce such process, and to use,
if necessary, troops for that purpose, in accordance
with the thirteenth section of said act, which pro-
vides that "it shall be lawful for the President of
the United States to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall benecessary to aid in the execution of judi-
cial process under this act,"
Two bodies of persons claimed to be the returning
board for the State, and the circuit court in that case
decoided that the one to which Lynch belonged,
usually designated by his name, was the lawful
returning board, and thra decision has been repeat-
edly affirmed by the district and the supreme courts of
the State. Having no opportunity or power to can-
vass the votes, and the exigencies of thecase demand-
ing an immediate decision, 1 conceived it to be my
duty to recognize those persons as elected who
received and held their credentials to office from
what then appeared to me to be, and has since been
decided by the supreme court of the State to be, tho
legal returning board.
Conformably to the decisions of this board a full
set of State officers has been installed and a Legis-
lative Assembly organized, constituting, if not a de
jure at least a de f<xeto government, which, since
some time in December last, has had possession of
the offices and been exercising the usual powers of
government. But opposed to this has been another
government claiming to control the affairs of the
State, and which has, to some extent, been pro forma
organized.
decent investigation into said election has de-
veloped so many frauds and forgeries as to make it
doubtful what candidates received a majority of the
votes actually cast, and in view of tuese facts a
variety of action has been proposed, I have no
specific recommendation to make upon the subject;
but, if there is any practical way of removing these
