1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
difficulties by legislation, then I earnestly request
tbat each action may be taken at the present session
of.Congress.
It seems advisable that I should state now what
course I shall feel bound to pursue in reference to
the matter in the event of no action by Congress at
this time. Subject to any satisfactory arrangement
that may be made by the parties to the controversy,
which, of all things, is the most desirable, it will be
my duty, so far as it may be necessary for me to act,
to adhere to that government heretofore recognized
by me. To judge of the election and qualification
of its members is the exclusive province of the Sen-
ate; as it is, also, the exclusive province of the
House to judge of the election and qualifications of
its members; but, as to State offices, filled and held
under State laws, the decisions of the State judicial
tribunals, it seems to me, ought to be respected.
I am extremely anxious to avoid any appearance
of undue interference in State affairs, and if Con-
gress differs from me as to what ought to be done, X
respectfully urge its immediate decision to that
effect. Otherwise, I shall feel obliged, as far as I can
by the exercise of legitimate authority, to put an end
to the unhappy controversy which disturbs the
peace and prostrates the business of Louisiana, by
the recognition and support of that government
which is recognized and upheld by the courts of the
State.
TT. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, February 26,1873. ■
Mr. MOREY, and Mr. BUTLER of Massa-
chusetts, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morey,]
as the message relates to his State.
Mr. MOREY. I move that the message be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. COX. I move to amend that mo-
tion so that the message may be laid on the
Speaker's table, where it can be taken up at
any time. The Committee on the Judiciary
will make no report on this subject, except to
perpetuate the usurpation in Louisiana.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the Committee on the Judiciary have leave
to report on this subject at any time, and to
sit during the sessions of this House.
The SPEAKER. That motion can be sub-
mitted after the pending motion to refer has
been disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yery
well.
Mr. POTTER. The Committee on the
Judiciary have before them now four cases
of impeachment, one of which relates to these
very transactions in Louisiana. At the rate
■we have been going on we will be unable to
dispose of all those cases. For myself, I trust
the House will not refer to the committee the
subject embraced in this message. If they do,
I assure the House that it is my conviction
that no action will result thereon on the part
of the committee.
Mr, RANDALL. If this communication
is laid on the table, it being a communica-
tion from the Executive, will it not be in the
power of the House to take it up at any time?
The SPEAKER. Ouly by a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. FARNSW0IiTII. I suppose we can
go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. COX. Is my motion entertained?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SHELDON. The Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections of the Senate have invest-
igated this whole subject and reported upon
it, and the Senate will or will not take action
upon their report. I would prefer that this
message should remain on the Speaker's table
until we know what action the Senate will take,
which I suppose will be determined soon ; and
then we can determine what action we will
take.
Mr. COX. I hope that will be done.
Mr. COGHLAN. 1 suggest to thegentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Morey] to include in
bis motion leave to the Committee on the
Judiciary to report at any time.
Mr. SHELDON. I have no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has indicated
his purpose to submit that motion after the
pending motion shall have been disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. While
my colleague on the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Potter,] is right in saying that we have not
made that progress which I wish we had in the
many cases of impeachment we have before
us, allow me to suggest that it has been because
we have not had the right to sit during the
sessions of the House. That gentleman and
I, as he very well knows, have sat of evenings
for the purpose of bringing up our business.
The question embraced in this message is
already complicated by the question of the
impeachment of Judge Durell, of New Orleans,
which is before the committee, and I think it
should also go before the Committee on the
Judiciary. I am not in favor of having any
more labor imposed upon that committee.
Mr. MOREY. I now insist upon my motion,
and upon, it call the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding
the previous question; and upon a division
there were—ayes 84, noes 59.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Morey, that the message of the President be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move
to lay this message on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would, and that is a
different motion from the one t|ie gentleman
proposed to make a short time since, which
was to lay the message on the Speaker's table.
Mr. COX. Well, I move to lay it on the
general table.
The SPEAKER. And beyond the reach
of the House.
Mr. COX. I make that motion because I
desire to await the action of the Senate on this
subject.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Morey to print the message and refer it
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHELDON. Does that include leave
to the committee to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
indicated his purpose to submit that motion.
The two motions are separated, because the
one can be decided by a majority vote, while
the other requires a suspension of the rules
and a two-thirds vote.
Mr. SHELDON. I am in favor of the
reference, if the committee can have leave to
report at any time.
The motion of Mr. Morey was then agreed
to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that on the subjects embraced in this
message the Committee on the Judiciary have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House,
and to report at any time.
Mr. POTTER. Will that order include the
other Louisiana case now before the commit-
tee ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I include
all matters relating to Louisiana.
Mr. MOREY. I object to that, and want to
hear some reason for it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object to it. It is a matter to be de-
termined by the vote of two thirds of the
House.
The motion of Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts, was then agreed to, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
message jkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bills of
the following titles:
An act (li. K. No. 3452) to provide for the
better care and protection of subsistence sup-
plies ;
An act (H. R. No. 3970) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of
War to release twenty-five acres of the lands
of the United States at Plattsburg, New York,
to the New York and Canada Railroad Com- .
pany, and for other purposes," passed June 8,
1872; and
An act (H. R. No. 3794) to sell a vacated
soldiers' burial ground near Cumberland,
Maryland, to the Hebrew congregation of that
city to enlarge their graveyard.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendment disagreed to by
the House to the bill (H. R. No. 3351) making
appropriations for the naval service of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1874,
and for other purposes, had disagreed to the
amendment of the House to the forty-eighth
amendment of the Senate, had agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed as conferees on the part of the
Senate Mr. Cole, Mr. Stevenson, and Mr.
Cragin.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 530) to provide for the dispo-
sition of that portion of the military reservation
at Port Ripley, Minnesota, which lies east of
the Mississippi river.
recess.
Mr. POLAND. I now move that the House
take a recess till half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. AMBLER. Let us have an under-
standing about business to-night. We were
here until two o'clock this morning, and have
been here in this crowd all day. If gentlemen
wish to be heard this evening all right; but I
think it is perfectly evident that there can be
no vote to-night.
Mr. POLAND. The debate will undoubt-
edly extend beyond this evening. I do not
propose to call for any vote to-night.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it
be understood then that the session of this
evening shall be for debate only.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope we shall dispose
of this matter to-night.
Mr. AMBLER. Oh, we cannot do that!
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being—
ayes twenty-nine ; noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont asks that a session be held this evening
for debate only upon the pending resolutions.
Several Members. Oh, no 1
Mr. POLAND. I should be very glad if we
might finish this matter to-night; but 1 have
no expectation that we shall be able to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Vermont asks then that the House may meet
to-night as in Committee of the Whole for
debate only, no business whatever to be
Mr. POTTER. That will exclude the call-
ing of the previous question to-night?
The SPEAKER. It will. The proposition
of the gentleman from Vermont requires tor
its adoption either a suspension of the rules
or unanimous conseut. Is there objection ?
Several Members objected.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Poland, it was agreed to ; there being—ayes
one hundred and ten, noes not counted.
The House accordingly (at four o'clock and
fifty minutes p. m.) took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p. m,
JEVBNING SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. m.
resumed its session, Mr. L. Myers in the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By the order
of the House, the session of this evening is for
