1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
ruption, that he had been bribed, or the like.
But the man who wishes to do justice should
not allow himself to be carried away by any
such consideration.
Mr. Speaker, I only desired in taking the
floor to say a very few words in stating the
reasons which induced me to vote as I expect
to vote. 1 do not wish to occupy the time of
the House any longer. I did not intend to
take up the time I have occupied. I was not
aware I was to have an opportunity of speak-
ing to-night; and having thrown out these
ideas, I now surrender the floor to others.
Mr. McCRARY addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. COMINGO. Mr. Speaker, the Repre-
sentatives of the people of the United States
have seldom been called to consider a graver
question than that which now engages our
attention.
It is, I presume, the desire of every one who
is called to share the resppnsibilities of this
occasion to act, not only impartially, but in
such manner as to do injustice to no one. If
we succeed in faithfully and fearlessly dis-
charging our duties to the people whom we
represent and also to those who stand accused
at the bar of the House, all will be well. Fail-
ing in our duty to either, we will be more than
unfortunate. The evil consequences of such
failure no one can measure. Should we, for
any reason, shrink from a full and faithful
administration of the law, we will justly iiicur
the displeasure of honest men, and receive the
maledictions of the vigilant arid censorious
public press; and should we, by the fear of
these, or from any other cause, be driven to
visit the accused with unjust or unwarranted
punishment, we will as certainly have to en-
counter the condemnation of an enlightened
and impartial future public sentiment, and
endure the goadings of the most painful as
well as fruitless self-reproach.
We cannot, therefore, deliberate with too
much care, nor examine the premises too
thorough^ before we determine the momen-
tous issues we are trying. Party issues, or
party interests, or party affiliations have noth-
ing whatever to do with our present duty and
service. We are unfit for the work before us,
and unworthy the-places we occupy, if we
cannot rise above their contaminating influ-
ences and yield a willing obedience to the
requirements of the law. Justice and party
are not in perfect accord. Perhaps they have
never been ; but be this as it may, it is certain
they are not now, and equally certain that
where the spirit of the latter prevails, that^of
the former is powerless.; the one will lead us
into errors and inextricable difficulties; the
other will guide us to safe conclusions and
secure us to the approbation of our own judg-
ments and consciences, if nothing more.
Without this, however earnest may be the
public indorsement of our verdict, we will be
exposed to that which is more terrible than
public scorn, and even more terrible than the
infamy it is possible for us to heap upon the
accused.
Speculation is rife as to the result of our de-
liberations. Although members of this body
are on trial charged with a high crime, their
guilt is in some quarters assumed as clearly
established, and expulsion is demanded. View-
ing the subject from different standpoints,
some there are who pronounce guilty all who
are implicated, others profess to believe apart
guilty and a part innocent; and others to be-
lieve all guilty, but in very different degrees,
varying from a mistake to a felony. Then
again the moral integrity of a part of the mem-
bers of this House is assailed, and the world
is told in effect, at least, that they are even more
debased than the accused; have already com-
mitted moral perjury aud will repeat this crime
when they come to vote on the resolutions
presented by the committee. _ The following
extract from one of the morning papers, pub-
lished in this city, contains the burning accusa-
tion to which I refer. Speculating with refer-
ence to "th6 final verdict" of this body, among
other things it said :
"The Democracy have, from the first, acted upon
the question from a party standpoint. Their solid
vote against Mr. Colfax shows where they stand.
We are prepared, therefore, to find them acting
together against the report of the committee, not-
withstanding the cooperation of the Democrats on
the committee with the majority."
This was pleasant Sunday morning reading,
and doubtless every Democrat after he had read
it uttered a short, prayer for the writer which
he has not yet recalled. But if it be true that
the Democracy, impelled alone by party spirit,
voted " against Mr. Coufax," (?) may it not be
equally true that, the Republicans were impelled
by the same spirit when they voted for him ? The
vote, however, was not "against'' Mr. Colfax;
it amounted to a mere instruction to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to investigate certain
facts touching his conduct, and report articles of
impeachment, if the facts warranted such ac-
tion. The Democracy of the House and afew
Republicans were willing that said committee,
which is largelycomposed of steadfast political
friends of the Vice President, and the chair-
man of which is charged with having embarked
on the treacherous sea of speculation, in the
same boat with his excellency, should make
some inquiry into the conduct of this high
Government official, implying thereby confi-
dence in the Committee, and expressing no
opinion as to the guilt or innocence of said
official. On the other hand, one hundred and
nine Republicans voted against investigation,
thereby implying distrust of the committee, or
doubt as to the innocence of the friend they
determined to shield.
Biit I am digressing from the subject that
demands our attention. I have briefly alluded
to the importance of the duty we are called
to discharge, and the difficulties and vexa-
tions with which it is environed. In view of
these, and of the responsibilities that are de-
volved upon us in the premises, I admit that
I am perplexed with doubts ; and-1 envy the
man whose comprehension of the law and the
facts that enter into this case, is so thorough as
to relieve him from such embarrassment.
Mr. Speaker, in the further examination of
this subject, permit me to state more specific-
ally than I have yet done the charges pre-
ferred by our committee against those whom
we are told it is our duty to expel from their
seats in this House, and upon whom we are
thus called to place the infamous brand of
felon; and upon whose families we are thus
advised to bring lasting shame and sorrow. If
it shall appear that such is clearly our duty,
let it be done regardless of consequences.
But inasmuch as that which is as precious as
life itself is involved, before we may thus
attain and even destroy the character of those
with whom we are dealing, our minds must be
free from every reasonable doubt. I believe
it is our duty here to construe and administer
the law as rigidly as it is construed and ad-
ministered by the judicial tribunals of our
country. That such is our duty cannot, in
my opinion, be questioned if we properly
consider the character of the charges preferred
against the accused, and the consequences
that mnst necessarily result from conviction.
The resolution authorizing the appointment
of the committee of investigation, whose
report we are considering, reads as fallows:
"Resolved, That a special committee of five mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker pro tempore, whose
duty it shall be to investigate whether any member
of this House w$ts bribed by Oakes Ames, or any
other person or corporation, m any matter touching
his legislative duty."
Here we find a clear definition of the powers
of the committee, and an unmistakable specifi-
cation of the charges they were to bring against
those members of the House who might, in
the opinion of the committee, come within the
purview of the resolution. The inquiries of
the committee could only be directed to the
development of such facts as might tend to
establish the crime of bribery by or of mem-
bers of this House; and, so far as I have been
able to examine the voluminous testimony in
the short time allowed for that purpose. I
believe their inquiries were thus confined,
although much that is incompetent to be con-
sidered as testimony on this trial was admitted.
In the discharge of these duties as imposed
by the terms of said resolution, your commit-
tee has unanimously expressed the opinion
that some of the members of this House, con-
cerning whose acts they examined witnesses,
are innocent, and that others are guilty of
bribery; that one offered bribes, one accepted
a bribe, and that all the others resisted the
temptation.
The following are the preambles and reso-
lutions submitted by the committee, and which
they advise the House to adopt:
I. Whereas Mr. Oakes Ames, a Representative in
this House from the State of Massachusetts, has been
guilty of selling to members of Congress shares of
stock in tile Credit Mobilier of America for prices
much below the true value of such stock, with intent
thereby to influence the votes and decisions of such
members in matters to be brought before Congress
for action: Therefore,
Resolved, That Mr. Oakes Ames be, and he is
hereby, expelled froin bis seat as a member of this
House.
II. Whereas Mr. James Beooks, a Representative
in this Housafrom the State of New York, did pro-
cure the Credit Mobi'.er Company to issue and
deliverto CharlesII.?Jeilson,fortneuseand benefit
of said Brooks, fifty shares of the stock of said com-
pany, at a price much below its real value, well
knowing that the same was so issued and delivered
with intent to influence the votes and decisions of
said Brooks as a member of the House in matters
to be brought before Congress for action, and also to
influence the action of said Brooks as a Govern-
ment director in the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany: Therefore,
Revolved, That Mr. Jambs Brooks be, and he is
hereby, expelled from his seat as a member of this
House.
These two members, therefore, stand at the
bar of the House charged with the commis-
sion of a felony, a felony than which there are
but few, if any, more dangerous to society and
good government known to the law ; and
public interests, as well as the popular voice,
demand that they, if found guilty, shall not go
unpunished.
Mr. Speaker, they have been, in one sense,
already found guilty ; and the verdicts to that
effect are recorded in the preambles to the
resolutions recommending their expulsion
from this House.
Do the law and the facts warrant these
findings? As this question'may be answered
in each case, so must be our verdict.
One of the parties at the bar of the House,
it will be borne in mind, is charged with giv-
ing, and the other with receiving, a bribe "in
a matter touching their legislative duties."
Bribery, Mr. Speaker, is defined by writers
on criminal law to be :
" The receiving or offering of any undue reward,
by or to any person whatsoever, whose ordinary
profession or business relates to the administration
of public justice, m order to influence his behavior
in office, and incline him to act contrary to the
known rules of honesty and integrity."
Another writer defines it thus:
" Bribery is the voluntary giving or receiving of
anything of value in corrupt payment for an official
act done or to be done."
By another it is defined to be:
"A price, reward, gift, or favor, bestowed or
promised, with a view to pervert the judgment or
corrupt the conduct of a judge, witness, or other
person."
The statute recited in the committee's re-
port (sec. 6, p. 171, vol. 10 Stats. U. S.) does
nothing more than apply these general rules
to members of the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States, aud
others mentioned, and declare that the doing
of any of the acts specified shall be a high
crime, and that the offender shall be punished
by fine and imprisonment and shall be subject
to certain other penalties.
Neither of the members mentioned in the
resolutions of the committee can therefore
be expelled as therein proposed, unless the
following facts are found to exist: as to Mr.
