1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
question of jurisdiction, and I could not, if I
would, add to its strength.
I have thus hastily and in a somewhat de-
sultory manner given my views of the ques-
tions involved in the proceedings authorized
by the resolution of this House, to which I
I have referred. , They may be wrong, but
right or wrong I entertain them as expressed,
and shall adhere to them until I discover they
are erroneous, if such is their character. Be-
lieving that we are acting here, as it were,
as jurors and under the solemnity of our cor-
poral oaths, I hope the result of our action may
be correct, and in no sense unjustly prejudicial
to the accused, nor to the interest of the peo-
ple whom we represent.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, addressed
the House. [His speech will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. BLAIR, o.f Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
propose to address the House for five or ten
minutes upon the subject now under considera-
tion. I have listened with a great deal of in-
terest to the remarks of the gentlemen who
have preceded me in the discussion of the cases
now under consideration. I have been wait-
ing with a great deal of patience for gentle-
men of the committee to present the eases,
such as they attempt to make out in their
report.
We have arraigned before us here gentlemen
of this House for a crime, or crimes if you
please, alleged to have been committed by
them. Those crimes or felonies have been
brought to our notice by what we may call an
indictment in the nature of a report of a com-
mittee, predicated upon the evidence accom-
panying that report. I will lay down this prop-
osition, which I presume no lawyer upon this
floor will attempt to controvert in the discussion
and examination of the cases before us. It is,
that everything that would be essential in an
indictment in a court of criminal jurisdiction to
make out the offenses with which these gentle-
men are charged in this report must be found
here as there.
Were we governed by strict pleadings here, I
might demur to this report as not setting forth
a crime against the parties arraigned before
us. I say that the facts or averments stated
in that report do not constitute an offense
within the meaning of any law or of any stat-
ute known to me or whcih has been read or
produced in this House since this investiga-
tion began. The charges made by members
here in this discussion are that briberies have
been committed. Now, I would like to appeal
to the chairman of this committee, [Mr. Po-
land,] I would like to appeal to the distin-
guished gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Mer-
rick,] who addressedus to-day so pathetically
and so eloquently upon this subject, to state
whether or not in a criminal court a man can
be found guilty of bribery without proving the
act which the party was bribed to commit or
influenced to perform or perpetrate. I say
that no instance can be found in the criminal
jurisprudence of oar country of a man being
convicted of bribery without the act being
alleged in the indictment which he is accused
of having perpetrated and committed and
proven.
The committee of the House is silent upon
this the most important point; the point which
I may say constitutes the very gravamen of
the offense charged against these parties. It
is charged that Oakes Ames committed
bribery. Now, whom did he bribe? It
is alleged that he approached distinguished
gentlemen upon this floor with corrupt pur-
popes. Neither the report nor the evidence
accompanying it shows the act which those
members were influenced or led to perform,
perpetrate, or commit. Now I appeal to law-
yers, to gentlemen who have some regard for
the jurisprudence of our country, to say
whether or not I am right in making the asser-
tion, first, that the indictment must charge and
set forth tie act that the party was influenced
or bribed to perform, commit, or perpetrate ;
and secondly, that the same must be proven.
If the law requires the act to be set forth in
the indictment, and the same is not so set
forth in the committee report, then the report
would be demurrable in the criminal courts
of our country; and if the law requires the
act which the parties are charged with having
been bribed or influenced to perform, commit,
or perpetrate, to be proven, and there is no
evidence showing what act either Mr. Ames
or Mr. Brooks was bribed or influenced to
perform, commit, or perpetrate, then are we
not compelled, under our oaths, to find them
not guilty.
I do hold that the chairman of this commit-
tee and those who join with him in making
this report should give us a statement of the
facts which constitute the offenses of bribery
that are alleged and set forth in this report or
indictment against Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks.
Have they done it? I say here, and I chal-
lenge contradiction, that they have not only
failed in their report, but have also failed in
every attempt to show that Messrs. Kelley,
Brooks, Dawes, and company were influenced
or bribed to commit or perform any act or
acts whatever. To give a present to an indi-
vidual is not a crime. Ames made presents
to Mr. Kelley, Mr. DaVes, Mr. Scofield,
and others, and Durant made presents to Mr.
Brooks and others, but is it shown here that
those presents influenced those gentlemen in
any one single act ? I assert that the evidence
fails in this regard. If not, produce it, gen-
tlemen j produce it. I challenge its produc-
tion.
Here I might stop and all those who oppose
this report might stop ; but gentlemen may
say that there is a difference between influ-
encing persons and bribing them under this
statute under which these gentlemen are
arraigned. The statute requires that in order
to secure conviction money or property must
have been given, or presents made, to influ-
ence the party to do some act, whether a
Senator, Congressman, or an officer of the
Government of the United States.
Now, then, if the money is to be given to in-
fluence the party, the party must accept it
knowing the purpose for which it was intended.
I would like to know how the House is to pre-
sume that the Credit Mobilier stock and money
were given to the parties named to influence
them in any single act in the absence of proof.
We are called upon to make the presumption
without evidence or facts upon which to base it.
Now, while the committee say that shares
in this stock were given by Oakes Ames and
Durant to influence the parties named, yet the
committee fail to point out the act or acts
which they were to be influenced to perform
or commit. Suppose for a moment that it is
true this stock was given to them to influence
their action, how shall we determine that
question without knowing the act or the char-
acter of the act which they were influenced
to perform or commit? How can we as sworn
jurors decide such questions without inform-
ation ? For us to say that money and bonds
were given to a man to control his action
without knowing the act to be performed, is
simply an absurdity, a violent presumption, a
violation of «,11 the principles of law laid down
by all the courts of the country in criminal
proceedings.
Now, I say this case must fail for this rea-
son if for no other. I might comment on this
section of the statute upon which this proceed-
ing is based, to show the unreasonable inter-
pretation given to it by the chairman of the
committee, but I refrain.
Now I have spoken with reference to the
jurisdiction of the House over the question
presented in this indictment, and I have shown
that even taking it as a full and perfect indict-
ment, the evidence fails to make out a case of
bribery or undue influence in any one single act.
But I want to make a still wider and broader
sweep in this matter than that. You may talk
about Republicanism or about Democracy; but
I want to ask all gentlemen here to-night, of
whatever political opinion, under what law
are you going to act here in expelling Oakes
Ames or James Brooks? Where is your
law? Where are your precedents? What is
to sustain you in an act of this kind? You
ought to have something on which to base
your action, to show to me and others some-
thing upon which to predicate a verdict of
guilty if you have it in your power to do so.
Where is your precedent for it? Everything
introduced here as a precedent is against
the jurisdiction assumed by the committee.
Not a solitary precedent has been produced.
Never in the history of the country has it been
asserted here to my knowledge that this House
can go back and take jurisdiction of offenses
committed by parties before they were elected
to offices or places on this floor. I say, with-
out fear of successful contradiction, that not a
single, solitary precedent, either American or
English, will sustain a proposition such as this.
Being without precedent, and without law
conferring special jurisdiction upon this House
in such cases, what will justify us in making so
radical a change in reference to the jurisdic-
tion of this House as is sought to be made in
cases of this kind ? If the precedents have been
uniform against the positions assumed in this
report, which I assert is to be true, I want the
committee to tell us on what ground they pro-
pose to change the well established practice of
this country and of England. Do they show
any necessity for this change? Do they show
that the great wrongs which have been com-
mitted under the old precedent will not be
committed under the new precedent which
they now seek to establish, or that greater
wrongs may not be committed under the new
rule which they seek to establish.
What is the standard they propose to erect,
or what rule do they propose to lay down ? If
you say that parties shall be expelled because
they have committed a felony or a misde-
meanor, if you please, how long are you going
to let that felony run before you cease to take
jurisdiction over it ? Is there to be no limita-
tion of time? Shall we go back five, ten,
fifteen, or twenty years? Is there to be no
condonement of these offenses? Shall we
investigate from old age to manhood, or shall
we go back to boyhood and investigate the
moral character of members and officers under
the law ?
If we find that twenty years ago a man was
guilty of a crime or an immoral act, shall we
arraign him here and expel him for that act?
If gentlemen are not prepared to go to this
extent, if they are not prepared to assert that
we should assume jurisdiction over all sorts of
crimes and offenses and misdemeanors, and
this without limit as to time, then they should
tell us what rule they expect to adopt when
they depart from the old precedents which
have governed this House and the Senate for
so many years, and which have been estab-
lished, preserved, and followed by the wisest
and best statesmen that this country and Eng-
land ever possessed. I fear to depart from
rules and precedents which have been so well
and so long established by England and Ameri-
ca. Let us consider well before we make such a
plunge into a dark and dangerous future. By
these precedents we have no jurisdiction over
offenses committed before an officer of the
United States Government or member of this
House (I mean the members of the Forty-
Second Congress) were elected. They are left
where I think they should be, to the criminal
courts of our country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Speaker, I do not
hope or pretend at this stage of the discussion
to throw much light upon the iuquiry which is
now occupying our attention and exciting oar
deepest sensibility. My object is rather to
exhibit to the House my own mental processes,
