1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to know some-
thing about that bill. It seems the man held
office and employed the clerks necessary.
That is the case of many an officer. Why
should he be paid for clerk hire ?
Mr. WRIGHT. That is precisely the inform-
ation I propose to get. There is a report
accompanying the bill, as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill goes
over under the objection of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
CHILDREN OF JOIIX C. OHICH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 12lJl) granting a pension to Martha
E. Orich, Mary J. Orich, and John J. Orich,
minor children of John C. Orich, deceased;
which was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for placing on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of Martha E. Orich,
Mary J. Orich, and John J. Orich, minor
children of John C. Orich, late a private in
the first regiment Missouri cavalry volunteers,
the pensions granted to be paid to the guar-
dian of the minor children.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BEDS OP UNSUttVEYED LAKES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1307) ceding to the several States,
within whose limits they respectively He, the
beds of unsurveyed lakes and other bodies of
water.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let that lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
go over.
FREDERICK E. UPTON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2870) to authorize the President
to appoint Frederick E. Upton, of Bath,
Maine, a master in the Navy of the United
States; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
FEANKING PRIVILEGE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the franking priv-
ilege and to provide for the transmission of
official documents and other public matter.
Mr. CONKLING. Now let us vote on that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope we shall proceed
with its consideration.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let it lie over.
Mr. COLE. I hope no Senator will objcct
to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has objected, and the bill
has passed from the consideration of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill to
abolish the franking privilege and provide for
the transmission of official documents and
other public matter. The question is on agree-
ing to the motion of the Senator from Min-
in-.-ota.
Mr. RAMSEY. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow me
to a*.k a question. Did we not procced to the
consideration of the Calendar by unanimous
con-Hit, and was it not by unanimous consent
that it was to be considered during this day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand any unanimous consent
was agreed to respecting the construction of
tin; Anihony rule. It was agreed to by unani-
mous eouscut that the legislative appropria-
tion bill should lay aside for the consideration
of the Calendar.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I thought
the Calendar was proceeded with by unanimous
consent for to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the
construction the Senate has given to this role,
the Chair feels obliged to entertain a motion
at any time to proceed to the consideration of
a bill. The question is on agreeing to the
motion of the Senator from Minnesota, to
proceed to the consideration of the bill abolish-
ing the franking privilege, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett. Ferry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Ramsey. Schurz, Scott. Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Xhurman,"West,Wilson,
Windpm, and Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Carpenter, Ed-
munds, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston,
Lewis, Machen, Norwood, Pool, Robertson, and
Stevenson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton.
Cooper, Cragin, Uavis, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan,
Gilbert, Goldthvraite, Hamilton of Texas. Howe,
Logan, Morton, Nye, 0=boru, Pomeroy, Ransom,
Eice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Vickers—31.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Commistee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish
the franking privilege and to provide for the
transmission of official documents and other
public matter.
The first section abolishes the franking priv-
ilege from and after the 1st day of September,
1872, and declares that thenceforth all official
correspondence, of whatever nature, and other
mailable matter sent from or addressed to any
officer of the Government, or person now
authorized to frank such matter, shall be
chargeable with the same rates of postage as
may be lawfully imposed upon like matter sent
by or addressed to other persons.
The second section provides that, there shall
be prepared and issued by the Post Office De-
partment to the President of the United States,
to each head of Department, and to the Sec-
retary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, proper stamps,
which shall print or impress the name of the
Department or officer using the same, respect-
ively, and the nature of the matter to be sent
thereunder, as " Department of the Interior,
Mechanical Report,'' "Executive Office, Pres-
ident's Message,and the like, and the date or
other proper device, as the Postmaster General
may direct, which stamps shall be used by the
Department or officer to whom the same may
be issued, respectively, only for the purpose of
stamping all books, documents, and other offi-
cial matter issued from such Department or
office, respectively, including in the use of the
same, by the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk
of the House of Representatives, all reports
and other documents printed by order of their
respective Houses. Such stamps shall be used
for no other purposes than that stated, and all
matterso stamped shall thereunon pass through
the mails without requiring further stamps or
charge, and the postage upon all books, docu-
ments, aud other public matter so stamped
shall be charged by the Post Office Depart-
ment, to the Department or office issuing the
same, respectively, and the amount so charged
shall be defrayed by such Departments and
officers out of appropriations to be made
therefor by Congress as part of the incidental
expenses of the Government.
Section three provides for the punishment
of any person who shall iorge or counterfeit
any such official postage stamp or stamping
machine, or who shall counterfeit any die or
plate therefor, or vifto shall make or print, or
knowingly use or sell, or have m his posses-
sion with intent to use or sell any such false,
forged, or counterfeit die-plate, stamp, or
stamping machine, or any paper wrapper ot
envelope _ stamped by any false, forged, or
counterfeit die-plate, postage stamp, or stamp-
ing maehine, or who shall authorize or pro-
cure to be made any such official die-plate,
stamp, or stamping machine, without the spe-
cial direction of the Post Office Department,
or who, after the same have been prepared,
shall, with intent todefraud the revenue of the
Post Office Department, deliver any such
official dies, plates, stamps, or stamping ma-
chines to any person or persous other than
such as shall be authorized to receive the same,
by instrument of writing duly executed under
the hand of the Postmaster General and the
seal of the Post Office Department.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported an amendment to strike out in
line four the words " September, A. D. 1872,"
and insert " July, 1873," as the time when the
act should take effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer an amendment, to come in after line
twenty-seven, on page 2, as a proviso:
Provided, That no compensation or allowance
shall now or hereafter bemadeto Senators, or mem-
bers and Delegates of the House of Representatives,
on account of postage.
1 f this was really an earnest attempt to abol-
ish the franking privilege there should be some
appropriate legislation in relation to what is
to be done to take its place. Now, I appre-
hend that most Senators who vote for the bill
are doing it in an entirely disinterested manner,
and that they mean to lessen the expenditures
of the Government in consequence of this bill,
and if they do so mean, then it is not the pur-
pose hereafter to support an amendment that
will give each one of us two or three times the
amount of postage that we pay out.
I therefore offer this amendment, taking it
for granted that the Senators who vote against
it reserve to themselves the privilege of obtain-
ing compensation that certainly is an equiva-
lent, and perhaps more than an equivalent for
it, and that if they do vote for it, then here-
after they will oppose all propositions to put
money in their pockets in consequence of the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think the amend-
ment of my friend from Vermont will prove
very effective. Whenever a Congress subse-
quent to this shall see fit to appropriate
money to pay its own postage it will do so,
and what will become of the Senator's amend-
ment? It is an unnecessary amendment.
I want to call the attention of the Senate to
one provision in this bill which to me is very
objectionable. I have sincerely been in favor
of abolishing the franking privilege from the
first, I am so now, and I shall vote for the bill
if it be not amended: but I think it ought to
be amended. I have been sincerely in favor
of abolishing the franking privilege because I
believed it would be one means of retrenching
the expenses of our Government, in the vast,
in the astonishing amount of useless public
printing that is done and that has swelled
now to the proportions of two or three mil-
lion dollars a rear. This bill does not touch it
at all, but it provides that all matter printed
by the Government shall go free through the
mail precisely as it goes now, only that it siihll
be paid for out of the Treasury. P provides
for the distribution of all your public prin'e>!
matter, not your speeches, not your own pri-
vate correspondence; but for all public printed
matter stamps are to be furnished to the Sec-
retary of the Senate, and by him furnished to
members. You therefore t'ai? to accomplish
what I regard as the greatest good to be d> ik
by the abolition of the franking privilege ; jou
fail to apply that remedy which m my judgment
has become necessary to stop this gigantic ex-
penditure in the way of public printing. I am
not able to say—perhaps the chairman of the
Committee on Printing can tell ue-but I thmk
tbe expenditures for public printing last ytar
