776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
were between two and three million dollars. I
do not think in ordinary years they amount to
that; and how many and how worthless are the
documents that are printed, that go back to the
paper manufacturer, again to be manufactured
iuto material upon which printing is again to
be made.
Now, if the Senate are disposed to still con-
tinue that, you are then reduced simply to this
proposition: an abolition of the private frank-
ing privilege of members of Congress, leaving
every other abuse under existing law, leaving
all the vast expenses of your printing depart-
ment to go on precisely as they have been
going on and are going on now. I think the
great object, and with me it was the object,
was to reach what I have regarded as an
enormous expenditure in the public printing.
There have been undoubtedly many abuses in
the franking privilege by individuals. I be-
lieve I am not numbered with those who have
not kept within the letter of the law; but we
are told at least that there are great abuses.
They are small compared with that which
springs up from your public printing, in con-
sequence of the frank that we have had en-
abling us to send broadcast over the land these
various publications. You restrict us not one
panicle, nay, sir, you relieve us, because the
documents will be printed to our harris with
the frank upon them, and if the Senator or
Representative desires a publication to go to
his constituent or to anybody, he has only to
place hia name upon the document, that the
person receiving it shall know from whom it
came, with as much certainty as it goes now
under his distinctive frank.
It does seem to me that if we pass this bill
we ought by all manner of means to amend it
so that we shall bring the public printing within
some reasonable limit, for I do believe that
thousands and thousands of dollars are ex-
pended in public printing on account of our
knowledge that the printed matter may go
under our frank as it has been heretofore dis-
tributed to the community. Some of it is val-
uable, I grant, but much of it is not valuable,
and that is the point to which I invite the
attention of the Senate. I do not think there
is any practical use in the amendment of my
friend from Vermont, as another Congress, if
they are disposed to restore the franking priv-
ilege by purchasing stamps, can do it just as
well, whether the amendment goes in or goes
out of this law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator frotn Maine if he thinks that after
the Senate have voted for a proposition of this
kind they will be likely afc the next session to
vote dircctly the contrary ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will only say to the Sen-
ator that when we come to vote I shall vote as
1 shall think the exigencies of the occasion
demand, and other Senators wiil vote just so.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont. For why should we vote
money into the Treasury as postage if we are
afterward to vote it to ourselves to pay post-
age with ? But it is not in reference to this
amendment that 1 have a word to say.
I am opposed, as is the party with which I
am associated, to the abuses of the franking
privilege, and they should be corrected ; but
1 am not opposed to the franking privilege
properly guarded and administered. This bill
does not attempt to correct abuses, but abol-
ishes franking. This is a representative Gov-
ernment, a Government by the people, and 1
hold it, sir, eminently undesirable that there
should be a tax imposed upon the most free
and unrestrained communication between the
people and their representatives. Thus is the
popular will made known, the petitions of
those injured heard, and information dissem-
inated. The franking priviloge has done
much to promote human rights and liberty.
So far as I am personal concerned, it would
be a relief to be free of the franking priv-
ilege. To me it is a burden and no privilege.
But it is a most valuable right to those that I
represent. It belongs to my constituents. I
know that the people of this country, how-
ever, have not that view of the subject. They
fail to appreciate the benefits of the franking
privilege because of its abuses. The bill we
ought to pass is one correcting the abuses of
the privilege and not abolishing it. Let me
briefly and without due consideration state
what the bill should be.
The franking privilege as exercised by us
should extend only to matter not weighing
more than one ounce, and under that restric-
tion oar constituentscould freely communicate
with us by letter and petition and the debates
which transpire daily here could be distributed
among the people. We should at once correct
an enormous waste by discontinuing the vast
expenditure which takes place in printing
the large number of the reports and com-
munications from the Departments. Weshould
have a year's book containing a compendium
of all that transpires relative to the Govern-
ment which would be interesting and profitable
to the people. This book should be published
in large numbers and generally distributed.
One volume would be more valuable than a
hundred now scattered in broken series, and
this one book should be stamped in the De-
partment for circulation among the people of
the country.
A bUl which should restrict the franking
privilege to matter not exceeding one ounce
in weight, which should abolish this expensive
and useless printing, and which should give us
one book containing a compendium of govern-
mental information stamped for distribution,
I would most cordially support.
Mr. CARPENTER. If I understand the
object of this compendium, it would be sim-
ply to circulate among the people an index to
books that they could never get hold of.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then my friend
misunderstands, which it is not very usual with
him. A compendium does not mean an index,
but means a concise statement of the import-
ant part of the subject to which it relates. I
would have a commissioner whose duty it
should be to prepare sueh a publication, and
make it useful and acceptable to the people.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend is going
to make a compendium which is to contain
the contents of a thousand volumes, as he
says, the compendium must be very concise
upon particular points. It could not go be-
yond the scope of an index.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The number of
different publications made by Congress each
year is not more than thirty or forty, while
there may be thousands of volumes.
I think in a volume of ten or twelve hun-
dred pages the valuable information which the
people want might be compressed, and conse-
quently a very small edition of the reports
and messages would be all that would be
required ; and they could be deposited in the
public libraries of the country.
Mr. RAMSEY. We koow that the abuses
of the franking privilege have been dwelt upon
by successive Postmasters General from year
to year, alleging that the revenues of the
Department suffered to the extent of millions
of dollars annually, and that one cause of the
great deficit in the financial affairs of that
Department grew out of the abuse of the
frauking privilege. We all know that those
who represented the Republican party in
national convention in the city of Philadelphia,
a short time ago, as an expression of the
sentiment of that party, did resolve agaiust
the continued abuse of the franking privilege.
The Senators who feel under some kind of'
moral obligation to stand by the doings of
that convention do it so reluctantly, with so
many quibbles and so manf severe criticisms,
that really I fear there is danger of their
repudiating the whole work done there.
I certainly understood that the honorable
Senator from Maine gave his hearty assent to
the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives—a bill not to sweep out of existence
the whole franking privilege, but to correct
its abuses, cutting off all the franking of pri-
vate correspondence, correspondence not, offi-
cial, but still leaving it in favor of the official
publications of the Government. How else can
they reach the people but in this way ? Th e
honorable Senator finds fault with that feature
of the bill. Why, sir, if no provision had been
made for transmitting the public documents
of the Government, that would have been au
objection with other Senators equal in number
to those who now make this objection.
The honorable Senator from Vermont, who
I suppose feels under some moral obligations
also to abolish the abuses of the franking priv-
ilege, will only do it on condition that you put
in a declaration that hereafter nobody shall
receive pay or compensation for the privilege
thus abolished. It might have been sufficient
for him to wait until the day arose when an
attempt should be made to do that thing. The
presumption is that when you abolish the
privilege now, you will receive no compensa-
tion for it, and there is no reason why you
should anticipate any trouble of that kind, and
attempt to provide against it by a provision
in this bill, thus imperiling its passage in the
House of Representatives, if we are sincerely
in favor of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Mr. President, if Senators are sincerely aud
seriously desirous of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, they will incumber this bill with
as few amendments as they possibly can. It
has passed the House of Representatives. It
has come here. Its features are easily com-
prehended. They are simple, and meet the
difficulty. What more is wanted? The only
modification or change that the Senate com-
mittee have submitted is that fixing the day
for the taking effect of the repeal. The bill
having passed the House at ttie last session,
designated September, 1872. We have stricken
that out, and made it to commence with the
financial year, July, 1873.
We are told of the abuses of the public print-
ing. Would my honorable friend from Maine
correct all the abuses of the Government upon
this bill? How is this bill ever to reach the
House of Representatives again if every abuse
known to the Government is to be corrected
upon it? When you are asked to make an
order for the printing of any extraordinary
number of any public document an opportunity
will be afforded to correct that abuse; or if the
Senator thinks otherwise, let him introduce a
joint resolution of instruction to the Commit-
tee on Printing, limiting the number of docu-
ments that they shall oider in all cases, or in
any particular case. This is a bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege. Here is
an opportunity which the Senate have long
sought to sustain the House in this great
reform, and I hope they will not allow any
quibble, any amendment designed to destroy
it, to defeat the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I have heretofore voted
against the repeal of the franking privilege
1 propose to vote for it now, and I will give
the reason for my vote. I had hoped that
the abuses complained of would be reme-
died without the repeal of the law : but no
legislation of that character has been pro-
posed I thiuk if we repeal the law, and I
should prefer an absolute repeal to any oilier,
whatever may be necessary for the transac-
tion of the public business will then be done
and it will be done by a perfectly fair bill'.
J. do not believe that we shall ever get that
legislation which we ought to have on this sub-
ject until the law is repealed and the ques-
tion is brought directly before Congress. I
shall vote for this bill or any other bill to
repeal the law, with a view of having a sys-
tem provided for the transaction of public
business that will not be subject to the same
