1736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
(which will find a parallel, doubtless, in the
experience of many here,) in order that light
may be afforded from others in the progress
of this discussion and that I may be enabled
to reach at the end a proper and satisfactory
conclusion.
I confess, sir, that my mind is not clear
upon several points to be considered in reach-
ing a conclusion. I regard the action of the
committee as emanating from conscientious
devotion to duty. They have had thrown
upon them, without any volition or choice of
their owh, the. gravest and most unwelcome
responsibility that men could assume ; and I
am disposed to accord to them the most gen-
erous construction of their motives and the
most respectful consideration of their con-
clusions. Though I am compelled to differ
with them in some particulars, the differences
are rather in matters of detail. In the line
of investigation that they have inaugurated
I propose to follow them, unless something
more satisfactory shall be developed in the
progress of this discussiou. -
Now, Mr. Speaker, it strikes me—indeed I
cannot escape the conviction—that if Mr.
Ames and Mr. Brooks are guilty, Mr. Dawes,
Mr. Kelley, Mr. Garfield, Mr. Scofield, and
Mr. Bingham, are also guilty. Some can—
"A hair divide
Twixt north and northwest side;"
but I have not that subtility. I have not
that discrimination that enables me to see how
some of these gentlemen may be ranked
among the sheep and others among the goats.
Yet I can understand very well how the com-
mittee, in making a quasi judicial investigation,
would be cautious in submitting recommenda-
tions to the House; because, according to the
legal principles governing judicial inquiry, all
presumptions of innocence are to attach to
ihe accused, and the committee have allowed
these gentlemen the benefit of these presump-
tions.
1 confess, Mr. Speaker, that while to my ap-
prehension these gentlemen are all to be
classed together, I do not see yery clearly as
an original inquiry what they have been
guilty of. At the threshold I acknowledge
that my perceptions are not clear upon this
point, while I can make no discrimination as
to their common liability to the same charge.
It is perfectly true that a gentleman may
approach a member of Congress and offer to
sell him stock at less than the market value,
without its beiuga criminal offense. We can-
not maintain the proposition that membeis
of Congress are to be prohibited from buying
all stock. It is true that Mr. Ames may have
approached these gentlemen in good faith and
they may have dealt with him in good faith.
But whether they did or not is a question to
be settled by looking at all the facts and cir-
cumstances surrounding the case. The in-
tent with which these gentlemen bought this
stock i3 to be gathered from all the circum-
stances ; because it is in the nature of a ques-
tion of fraud ; and we must look to all the
circumstances to enlighten us upon that point.
Now I confess, sir, if it had not been for the
conduct of the gentlemen themselves subse-
quent to these transactions I would have been
left in some doubt, or rather a greater degree
of doubt, than I have been yet; for I am still
in some doubt as to the real character of the
original transaction as affecting the question
of corruption. But, sir, if the country has been
unduly aroused, if its suspicions have been
improperly attached to these gentlemen, it is
mainly owing to the prevarication, the equiv-
ocation, the denial which they made in regard
to any ownership of this property. The fact
they persistently and openly denied any such
connection seemed to justify the country in
supposing no such disclaimer was made unless
there was something corrupt in being connected
with it.
Why those disclaimers ? Why those equiv-
ocations? Why those prevarications? Was
it because the interests of a political campaign
required it? That may be. But these gentle-
men are to blame themselves if they 'have
unduly aroused the suspicions of the country.
It is by their conduct since the transaction
that they have given rise to this wide-spread
impression there has been corruption in" high
places, and that the people throughout the
land have their eyes fixed on this body and
are demanding the most rigid scrutiny into
the action and conduct of its members.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am troubled, I confess,
with another difficulty; that is this question
of jurisdiction, although the difficulty is rather
in settling the question when you come to in-
flict a penalty. As a general proposition my
mind recoils from the claim of power that this
House upon its own will, upon its own pleasure
may expel from this body any member it pleases
when two thirds in their arbitrary discretion
choose to think he is unfit for its fellowship.
But while I cannot accept the conclusion of
the committee as broadly stated, it seems to me
a discrimination can be made properly in this
connection. The Credit Mobilier, a corpora-
tion connected with the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, a creature of Congress, a corporation
created by Congress, and in which the Gov-
ernment has continuing interest, we, whether
Government directors or not, are the custo-
dians and guardians of the interests of the
Government in this great work; and conse-
quently, it being a subject' of congressional
scrutiny, continuing congressional scrutiny, we
have the right to be sure of the impartiality and'
the good faith of the members of this body,
for otherwise we cannot rely on them for the
faithful performance of their trust. So to that
extent it seems to me we can properly investi-
gate the connection of every member with this
corporation,,because it is a matter over which
Congress must exercise supervision in the
discharge of its duty.
But, Mr. Speaker, it makes little matter;
it is comparatively of small importance what
conclusion this House reaches,, that is, what
precise action in regard to individuals it may
take. I do not think it is true, I do not think
public justice would be satisfied with the dis-
crimination such as the committee in its care-
fulness is called upon to make. I do not
criticise it; but it seems to me, looking to the
salient points in this whole matter, that public
justice would be offended to 'discriminate
between these gentlemen, because it is idle, it
is trifling in myhumblejudgmentwith the com-
mon sense of the House to suppose gentlemen
of their intelligence, chairmen of the leading
committees, familiar with the history of this
corporation—those who nursed it into being,
those who gave it its great bounty—could be
ignorant, or at least could not be put on inquiry
when the leading gentlemen connected with
that enterprise approached them and proposed
to give them a direct interest in the matter
and they reaped the benefit it. I do not care
for how long they had the profits in it, they
garnered the fruits until the prospect of public
investigation caused them to flee from it. It
is idle, then, for us to assume those gentlemen
did not know what they were doing. Although
Mr. Ames may not directly have told them the
value of the stock, we have the right to infer
from their character and relation they knew
its value, or could know it, or did soon know it.
I say, then, Mr. Speaker, it is a small matter
what the action of this House may be in par-
ticulars. The question in regard to the
expulsion of members, I confess, is one upon
which men may differ. But let us not fail of
the opportunity that is now presented because
of differences upon minor matters. We have
reached a crisis in the history of this country,
a crisis in connection with the position of our
great corporations. We are now brought for
the first time, perhaps, conspicuously face to
face with the greatest evils of these great cor-
porations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I do not, propose, Mr.
Speaker, at this late hour to enter into a dis-
cussion of the general merits of this question,
or to enter into a discussion in regard to proofs
of the guilt or innocence of any of the parties
charged here. But, I do desiro to take this
occasion to call back the .attention of the
House from thei very various wanderings and
ramifications of the thoughts, of the imagina-
tions, of the arguments, of the speeches which
have been made here in reports of commit-
tees, by the chairman of the; respective com-
mittees, and by the members who have engaged
in this discussion.
The object of this investigation, I take it,
was twofold. One object, one great leading
object, was to have such an investigation in
regard to the matters charged in the press of
the country as the preamble of the resolution
of the House asserts respecting bribery and
respecting this Credit Mobilier and its opera-
tions and its influence upon members, that
the truth might be presented to the country in
regard to the action of members of this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is no member of
the House but is aware that not only during a
time of'great political excitement throughout
this country, but from that time to the present
day, the confidence of the people Qf the United
States has been shaken to its very core in their
Representatives in Congress". The innumer-
able stories set afloat in the campaign might
have passed off as other campaign stories do,
except that there seemed to be some founda-
tion for them in fact; that there was reason to
believe there might have been corruption in
the acts of the Representatives of the people
in Congress in making their laws. To set that
matter fairly before the people, to make an
investigation under the sanction of a commit-
tee of Congress with full powers to send for
persons and papers, and examine witnesses
under oath, and thus present a full report of
all that could be learned in regard to trans-
actions asserted to be wrong, was one leading
object I take it of this investigation. The
immediate object of it in reference to members
of Congress is specified in the resolution.
Mr. Speaker, I would not have troubled
the House with any remarks upon this ques-
tion to-night, not being upon the committee
appointed to examine this matter, it is not
my duty as a member of the committee to
uphold one opinion or another, and I would
not have called the attention of the House to
any remarks I might wish to .make on the sub-
ject at all, except that to me in my humble
way of looking at the subject, it seems, and I
desire to be enlightened if I can be that the
committee which we appointed, throwing
around it so much power and so much influ-
ence and so much strength for a particular
purpose, has forgotten entirely the object, ac-
cording to the very wording of the resolution, of
the inquiry which they were charged to make.
Was this committee instructed, Mr. Speaker,
to inquire whether one member had attempted
to bribe another? Not at all. The resolution
appointing the committee doSs not look to
that; yet one would think, from reading the
report, that that was the instruction in the
resolution, and that that was the object of this
inquiry. Does the resolution instruct the com-
mittee to inquire whether a member has bribed
or attempted to bribe himself? I think not;
and yet the second resolution reported by the
committee is confined entirely to that. If
gentlemen will indulge me a moment, if they
have not before them the resolution of this
House appointing this committee, and in-
structing them in their duty, I will read it to
the House, and I will then ask the House to
inquire, after reading the report of the com-
mittee, whether, in the examination, of wit-
nesses, in the report they have made, in the
resolutions the committee ask the House to
adopt, the committee have not gpn'e entirely
aside of their duty, as set forth in the resolu-
tion appointing it: What was that 1
