1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
abuses that have grown out of the operation
of the law known as the franking privilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is upon
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope, inasmuch as that
amendment is not absolutely necessary to the
bill, inasmuch as the policy indicated by it
can be proposed by Congress hereafter, and
inasmuch as it may imperil the bill in the
House, the Senate will vote it down.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I hope I
shall live long enough in this body, without
asking for a reelection, to cease to hear meas-
ures urged on this body on account of what the
House may or may not do. What is it to us to
imagine that the House will or will not agree
to this amendment? Is that the best consider-
ation that the champion of the abolition of
the franking privilege can present to this body
against voting for an amendment? I suppose
it to be so ; otherwise he would have presented
a better one. I congratulate him and the
anti-franking men upon their success in hav-
ing found out that the chief beauty of the
franking privilege is to prevent the House of
Representatives voting on an amendment pro-
posed.
The Senator from Maine has said that this
amendmeut would not bind a future Congress.
Neither will the bill itself. They stand on
exactly the same footing in that respect.
The bill itself is an utter delusion, and I for
one am not afraid to say so. In the first j
place, it is not honest. As the Senator from
Maine has said, it does not begin to do what
it pretends to do, what the people are taught
to suppose it is going to do. On the contrary, ;
it puts the Treasury Department to the expense i
ot printing h vast number of highly engraved
and elegantly gotten up stamps, got out through j
the intervention of the Post Office Depart-
ment, not through the Bureau of Engraving
and Printing in the Treasury Department,
which we have to do that very thing.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume the Senator
does not desire to state that which is errone-
ous. There are no colored stamps or anything
of that kind, but a stamping machine furnished
by the Post Office Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, it is a machine, is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes.
Mr. EDMUN DS. I thought is was a stamp,
but now 1 understand you are to get a ma-
chine. [Laughter.] That is delightful! How
many machines are you to have, and who is to
be the possessor ot" them, I should like to
know. L have heard it. said by the enemies ol
our great party, Mr. President, that the Post
Oilice Department, was a machine; but I did
not Unow that it was going into the business of
making other machines, to be furnished to the
various bureau uflicers, and so on, for the
propagation of information among the people
otherwise than by writing. It is not three
years ag  that the Senator himself abolished
the machine business by which the franking
was done, and which was put, upon public
documents, never upon letters that I know ot
except m the Post Oitice Department, Ihcre
thev had one. Now lie tells us that the great
good to he performed by this operation is that
we are to have a machine, that the Postmaster
General is to invent a machine, and that that
machine is to he applied io ;he abolition of the
flanking privilege, and the new tranKing ot
documents by machinery. Oh, sir, it reminds
me of the mountain that bad snob a ternbie
labor, and of* the rather small product that
t-aine out  >!" it. [Laughter.]
Mr. Pre.-ident, is it not a good thing for a
pai'y and for the Senate to he tolerably esuuud
with the people, of the United States? if we
have t< id the people ot the U utteU Stales m
our convention at Philadelphia that we were
goiog to abolish the franking privilege, where
is the use of.-ayitig to theui we haw uboiisheii^
it when wu have not? V\ here is the use ol
leading them to believe that we have accom-
plished a reform when we have gone back-
ward? The people whom I have the honor in
part to represent do not have much faith in
that sort of thing; and I presume it is so with
the people of other States; and therefore the
Legislature of the State of Vermont at its last
session refused to pass a resolution in favor of
the abolition of the franking privilege, but did j
pass a resolution, calling upon her Represents- I
tives to take every means they could to redress j
auy abuses that might exist in it, because they j
believed, as the Senator from New Jersey has ;
so well stated, that the franking privilege, as :
it is called, is the privilege of the people, and j
not the privilege of their agents, in signing
their names to information that is communi-
cated to the people. It is a burden upon us,
a duty upon us, and it is the privilege or right
of the people; and the people pay for it, as
they ought to do.
Mr. COLE. Has the Senator forgotten the
very voluminous and very numerous petitions
that came here from the people only a year or
two ago for the abolition of this privilege ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no ; I have not for-
gotten that at all. The number of petitions
that came here from the people to have this
thing abolished, gotten up through the agency
of the Postmaster General and his Depart-
ment—how much of the public money he ex-
pended in getting them up I do not know, but
I presume the Committee on Retrenchment '
and Reform could tell us—in proportion to the j
people of the United States was about one to
ten thousand ; and we all understand perfectly j
well how petitions are gotten up. People are !
employed, as they were about the great anti- J
1 smuggling petition business that we had be- I
fore us last year, and which we came so near :
acting upon, "the yellow-covered" petitions .
we have heard of, in order to get it out ot j
the power of officers of the Government to 1
seize the books of great firnM, at least who :
were suspected of being engaged in smuggling. ;
The way those petitions were obtained, as we ,
all remember, was to employ a man to go upon ;
the ferry-boats between New York and Brook- j
lyn and New York and Jersey City, paying .
him a penny a name, or whatever it might be, ;
for all the names he could get, and he would j
go on the ferry-boat, and stay there aii day. and 1
make ten thousand names a day; and so they ,
were sent around through the country in the j
same way. People were paid a penny a name |
for signatures, and everybody signed. That :
is not public opinion. That is as much a '
humbug as this bill is, exactly. j
Whatever the abuses of this system may be, J
and thev are not near so great as some have ;
supposed, and they are not so great as they :
bave been hitherto, they ought to be corrected ;
and if the Post Office Committee would devote ;
itself to the correction of them we should all |
very joyfully assist in having the result of their j
labors passed into a law. Bat. I, for one. am '
| not going to vote for a system or a change i
| in a system, which system or change, if you j
! adopt "it, will, in my humble judgment, prove a i
j severer burden upon the pockets of the people ;
1 than the present system is, and will prove a i
i delusion as well. It wilt pretend to he a thing
* that it is not, and we shall find alter a short
I time that, through one device or another, hav-
cost the Government money, exeept that as it
respects letters members of Congress and
Senators send to their constituents or receive
from them, inclosing petitions or communi-
cating information, those are to be paid for.
Now, Mr. President, having said this, I hope
nobody will understand that I have shirked on
the subject of the abolition of the franking
privilege, and that nobody will undertake to
say that I am myself attempting to conceal my
views from my constituents or anybody else
who cares anything about them.
Mr. CONKLING. Are you for or against
abolishing the privilege?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am against abolishing
it most decidedly. I hope my honorable friend
understands me.
Mr. CONKLING. I do now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I understand him.
to be very much in favor of it.
But, sir, I do not wish to delay the progress
of this "great measure for the relief of the
people," and so I will conclude what I had to
say.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I ask that the
amendment now pending be reported.
The Chief Clerkread the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the second section
the following proviso:
Provided, That no compensation or allowance
shall now or hereafter be made to Senators or mem-
bers and Delegates of the House of Representatives
on account of postage.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I shall make
no point upon the amendment proposed, how-
ever I may vote upon it, bot I think it not
inopportune at this stage of proceeding to
give notice to the Senate that I shall move,
when the appropriation bill for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment, which has come to us from the
House, is under consideration, to amend it
by striking out lines ten and eleven, which
read, "for compensation and mileage of Sena-
tors, $405,000," and inserting in lieu thereof,
"for compensation and mileage of Senators,
$627,000." That computation adds $3,000
for each Senator to the sum named m the
House bill. I shall also move to strike out the
sum named in line one hundred and twenty-
one, which now reads, "for compensation and
mileage of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates from Territories,
$1,650,000," and insert in lieu thereof,
■'§2,409.000," which is, upon a computation
of the present number of members and Dele-
1 gates m the House, an addition of $3,000 to
I their salaries also. The amendment will goto
I this extent: that the compensation of Sena-
j tors and Representatives in Congress, and Del-
! egates from the Territories, shall be $8,000
per annum—that will be another and distinct
amendment, or form part of one of the first
named—to be paid as at present provided by
law, and to commence from the beginning of
the Forty-Second Congress.
1 hose are the amendments that I shall offer
to that bill at the proper time. I rather wish
that tbe appropriation bill had precedence of
the bill we are now considering, because it
might influence materially the views of Sena-
tors upon the expediency of passing the bill
now before us. independent of the increased
compensation which is proposed by the amend-
' T 1 .... -1 r -L . .. i J
InaoJdoaTafew hundred thousand dollars for ;i went that I have suggested, I should hardly
SF - ~ ■ - we shall come j suppose there is a single benator wno would
the price of the experiment.
back to where we are now, I do no: propose
to do it.
This very bill, as you see. undertakes to ex-
cept from the operation of this abolition all
the business of the Departments. These ma-
chines are to be furnished to the head of every
Department in greater or less number; I do
not know how many ; I have not paid atten
t,rm to the. details. It is not to affect iu the
slightest degree a diminution in the sending ot
'documents. It is only, therefore, to take one
device, which costs the Government money, in
be willing to sit here at the present compen-
sation ot So,000 a year and mileage, and
deprive himself of the poor benefit of the
franking privilege.
1 know how mnch the country has been
made to believe this privilege has been abused.
No doubt in some instances it has been abused,
- I; grossly abused. That, evidently, is the fault
I of whoever chooses to abuse it. It is a great
1 convenience, oue that I have always exercised
I myself, and as I suppose most gentlemen have
1 done, with a very strict regard to the law. I
device, wluen costs uie umtiutucui "■ , •••*  - —- — = ,, , , r t iw>M>
iheptacoof the sign-manual, which docs not H take occasion to say for mytelf that I have been
