1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173?
I will read it; it is as follows:
Rtsolved, That a special eommitt.ee of five mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker pro tempore, whose
duty it shall be to investigate whether any member
of this House was bribed by Oakes Ames or any
other person or corporation, in any matter touching
his legislative duty.
That was the matter that the committee
was appointed to investigate, whether any
member of this Congress was bribed by Oakes
Ames or any other person or corporation,
What has this committee done? They have
spent the whole ol their effort in proving, not
that any member of this House was bribed,
but in proving that a member of this House
attempted to bribe, God knows who ; the com-
mittee do not inform us. Instead of telling
the House whether or not members of the
House have been bribed, they follow the
proper construction of the resolution to this
extent that they do say that one member of
the House has been bribed, and they state it
particularly and specially that one member
of the House has been bribed so far as the
first resolution is concerned.
So far as the second resolution is involved
they state distinctly, and to that extent fol-
lowing their instructions from the House, that
James Brooks by securing the said transfer of
said stock to his son-in-law, did bind himself
to use his influence in regard to legislation
that might come before Congress affecting this
road.
Now I have read what I have understood to
he wholly and solely the duty imposed on this
committee, of which my venerable and worthy
friend from Vermont [Mr. Polaxd] is chair-
man, and I did expect, and the House did,
and the country did expect, the whole people
of the land did expect, in regard to the
charges that men in high places, men running
as candidates for distinguished offices, men
shaping our legislation, men controlling the
destinies of a great party in the land, who are
charged with having been bribed in their
Legislative functions—all these expected did
they not, Mr. Speaker? Thut this commit-
tee would bend every energy to'the investi-
gation of the question whether any of these
great men, candidates for high honors during
the last election, these great leaders of an
honorable party, had been bribed or not?
The committee return to this House, having
exercised all the powers delegated to them
by the highest power in the nation, with the
most " lame and impotent conclusion." They
tell the House that old Oakes Ames, by some
sort of process, has been guilty of an attempt
to influence the action of somebody, but that
not one of all these men whose names have
been ringing through the country in the late
campaign as branded men, as corrupt men, as
bribed men, has the smell of fire on his gar-
ment.
A grand result for the efforts of a grand com-
mittee, organized by the great national assem-
bly of the nation to tell the people of the
United States whether or not a member of
this House had been bribed! It results in
setting forth to the nation that the innocence
and purity and the high honor which should
distinguish the Representatives ot the people is
in the bosom and in the action of every one
of the people's Representatives except, per
chance, old Oa&es Ames, who is guilty of an
intent to bribe somebody, and the committee
cannot for the life of them find out, as the
resolution required them to find out, who it
was.
I would that my venerable friend from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] had followed the instruc-
tions of this directing resolution. That was
their only instruction, their only guide. They
were to tell the House who had been bribed,
not who bribed. The people do not care if
one man among forty millions of this people
be corrupt and designs bribery of good men.
What do the people care that one man is de-
nounced, condemned, and sent to oblivion?
What the people wanted to know, what this
House wanted to know, what I wanted to
know, and what you wanted to know, was
whether the charge that corruption was stork-
ing in high places in our national councils was
true or not; whether it was festering here as
charged; whether the people were deceived
by those whom they had considered their best
and purest men or not; whether self-govern-
ment led to corruption, crime, and bribery,
au4 legislation was controlled by bribery in-
stead of being conducted in accordance with
truth, virtue, and the wants of the country.
But I may err entirely in my idea of what
the country wanted.
Mr. POLAND. You have no idea about it.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman says I have
no idea about it. In God's name if even I
have no idea on this subject have I not a right
to vote with my fellows that we should pick
out the most distinguished, the loftiest intel-
lects that God allows to roam around among
us here, with their dignified appearance to
instruct even me. [Laughter.]
It is one of the ways in which even the
humblest man may acquire information and
may happen to enlighten his mind and his
darkened vision by being instructed. The
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Polaxd] could
march forth at the head of the committee to
gather facts and bring them here to enlighten
those who are in darkness. I would he had
attended to that, part of his duties, and had
not to night, when I attempted to speak my
regrets that he had so failed in that duty,
turned upon me and said that it is because of
my inability to conceive the facts, my mental
weakness. That is unworthy of a leader of
the House and of an instructor of the people.
Now, as I have said, I express no opinion
upon the merits of this case. I have been
trying to follow this committee from the time
this House gave them instructions to go forth
and see whether corruption was all abroad in
this House, and to put their finger upon the
member who has been bribed. I have been
trying to follow them to their conclusion.
And what is it? The preamble to their first
resolution is as follows :
AVhereas Mr. Oakes Ames, a Representative in
this House from the State of Massacnusetts, has
been guilty of selling to members ofCongress shares
of stock in the Credit Mobilier of America-
Selling it to them how?
for prices much below the true value of such stock,
with intent thereby to influence the votes and de-
cisions of such members in matters to be brought
before Congress for action.
Now, what did the House say to this com-
mittee? They said, bring to us the guilty
members that have been bribed. What do
the committee do? They say, ■' We bring the
corrupter, the briber to the House, but we
cannot tell who he bribed. These men who
aie charged with having been bribed are all
pure, all innocent. But we bring the cor-
ruptor of his fellow-members, the indiscrim-
inate briber of the members of the House, and
we pillorize him for the condemnation of this
House and the indignation and scorn of the
nation.'1
But these men that he says he bribed ; these
men that the newspapers said he bribed or
tried to bribe—these men this committee were
instructed to inquire about, to see whether
they were bribed or not—" they are not the
men he bribed; we do not know whom he did
bribe; but he has bribed members by selling
them stock at less than its value.'' That is
what the committee say.
Now, I desire to say to my friend from Ver-
ment, [Mr. Poland,] that if he misunder-
stands me in anything I have said, I humbly
deprecate my own ignorance in this matter,
and ask to look to him as the profound illumi-
nator of this House upon questio-ns of law and
of fact, and I request that when he comes to
answer me he will not turn me off, as lie does
here to-night, by saying that I am perhaps the
only exception among members of this House
in being unable to see what he means in his
report. I beg leave to say to him that other
gentlemen who have spoken- here say that he
has failed to find that which he ought to have
found, and which the House instructed him
and his committee to find.
What is the next resolution of the commit-
tee? In that preamble and resolution the
committee have come nearer to fulfilling their
duty, than they did in their first resolution. 1
will read it:
" Whereas Mr. James Brooks,' a Representative
in this House from the State of New York, did
procure the Credit Mobilier Company to issue and
deliver to Charles H. Neilson, for the use and bene-
fit of said Brooks, fiity shares of the stock of said
company, at a price much below its real value, well
knowing that the same was so issued and delivered
with intent to influence the votes and decisions of
said Brooks as a member of the House in matters
to be brought before Congress fur action, and also
to influence the action of said Brooks as a (Govern-
ment director in the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany: Therefore,
" Resolved, That Mr, James Brooks be, and he is
hereby, expelled from his seat as a member of this
House."
Mr. Speaker, could not the venerable chair-
man of this committee have told us whether
Mr. Brooks was to be expelled because he
procured himself to be bribed, or because he
was bribed? On which ground does the com-
mittee ask for his expulsion ? They charge
that he procured himself to be bribed by in-
ducing somebody to give his son-in-law certain
shares of this stock with which to bribe fyim.
The gentleman from Vermont and his com-
mittee have found one man who was bribed;
they charge that Mr. Brooks was bribed.
And in this second resolution .they have so far
fulfilled the obligations imposed upon them by
the instructions of this House.
Mr. POLAND. If it will not disturb the
logic of my friend's argument, I would like to
ask him if Mr. Ames, or any other man, had
been indicted for bribery, and the proof had
only established an attempt at bribery, whether
he might not be convicted, under that indict-
ment, for the attempt at bribery?
Mr. CONGER. I suppose there is no ques-
tion but that a man may attempt to bribe, and
the person he attempts to bribe be entirely
unconscious even of the attempt, and the per-
son thus attempting, to bribe maybe convicted
of that attempt. But why does the Govern-
ment 
Mr. POLAND. And may he not——
Mr. CONGER. Each man in his turn. I
will give the gentleman an opportunity when I
finish my sentence. Why does the gentleman
go beyond his instructions and inquire about
attempts at bribery when he was instructed
to find if any members of this House had been
bribed ? The resolution did not instruct him
to inquire about anybody's attempt to bribe.
Mr. POLAND. We did not suppose we
were required to observe greater strictness
than would be observed in a criminal court ;
and if in a criminal court a man is indicted for
bribery he may be convicted of an attempt
at bribery. Hence, under an instruction to in-
quire whether any member had been guilty of
bribery, we thought we might properly report
that a member had been gnilty of attempt at
bribery.
Mr. CONGER. Very well. ' I do not find
fault with the gentleman for having gone be-
yond his instructions in searching out crimes.
Such an effort, is commendable ; and I am the
last man to find fault with it. Yet the primary
duty of the committee was to find out who was
bribed rather than to find out who had at-
tempted unsuccessfully to bribe others. But
the gentleman'sargument does not hold water.
He tails in his proposition. Now, what do the
committee say ?
Whereas Mr. Oakes Ames, a member of this
House, from the State of Massachusetts, has been
guilty—
Not of attempting to bribe; I call my friend's
attention to this language, for I presume he
wrote this resolution.
Mr. POLAND. I did.
Mr.'CONGER. This resolution declares, not
