778
THE CONGRESSIONAL G1QBE.
January 22,
rigid in that respect. ■ Wishing to preserve the
franking privilege, I think I can say I have
never abased it. I have sometimes franked a
newspaper, but I never did give to my wife or
to one of my children or to any other person a
frank. I have abstained from doing that, and
if that were done by everybody—I make no
great boast of it—the privilege would not be
condemned. I do not think the Postmaster
General would complain very much if it was
not extended beyond its legitimate use. That
might be made punishable by law like any
other encroachment upon the law, for it is
very well defined as to what we may frank.
I have no concealmeuts to make about this
matter; it is not a new subject with me.
More than a dozen years ago, in the other eud
of the Capitol, I met this question, and then
complained, as 1 do now, that without making
adequate provision for this deduction of com-
pensation of members it was proposed to take
away from the members the franking privilege.
1 think it would be wise, if I may be permitted
to make the suggestion, on the part of the
Senate in so grave a matter as this, to let this
bill go over until a future day, until we see
what shall be done with the appropriation bill,
whether these salaries will be increased. If
they are not to be increased, 1 think Senators
will be slower to lay hand upon the poor priv-
ilege of franking that they now have. With
this view I move to lay the bill on the table
for the present, not for the purpose of stifling
it, for it may be called up in its order here-
after, but 1 state my object to be that the
appropriation bill to which I have referred
may take precedence of it, and that this whole
subject, when we come to the increased com-
pensation of members of Congress, may be
discussed, the one bill with the other. They
are intimately connected, and it is difficult to
consider one without at the same time consid-
ering its effect upon the other. I greatly pre-
fer that we should determine the question as
to the increased compensation of members
before we pass upon this bill, and that is the
reason why I ask the Senate to lay the bill on
the table for the present, and let it wait until
we have first disposed of the appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia moves to lay the bill on the
table'.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment that I
offered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator give
way for a motion for an executive session '?
Mr. HILL. I have not completed the
amendment that 1 wanted to send up, and I
thought I would have that read from the desk
before the vote was taken. I believe the Sen-
ator from Vermont called for the yeas and
nays upon it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lay on the tabic was lost, and the Senator
from Vermont called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered on his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single
word. I would be much more in favor of a
bill that merely reformed the abuses of the
franking privilege thau the one that is now
pending; and yet, despairing of getting any
such bill, I propose to vote for this one alter
it shall be improved by such amendments as
seem to me just and pertinent. Most mem-
bers regard the franking privilege as a bur-
den. If it is a burden, they can forego any
compensation for its surrender. So far as the
Government itself is concerned, it is a blun-
der to suppose that the Government is to be
benefited one single picayune by this measure.
The mails will not be carried any cheaper,
whether the matter is free or paid for. The
idea that this bill will tend to increase the
revenues of the Government I think will be
found to be an entire mistake. But I trust
that those of us who really mean to reform an
abuse, and not to perpetrate a greater one,
will stand by this amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I do not like the bill as
reported from the committee, for I do not
think it will reform the abuse; but with the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont it
will involve the necessity for legislation that
probably will reform the abuse. I want the
franking privilege repealed for the purpose of
having a system that shall be honest and not
subject to the same abuses. I believe that if
members of Congress are cut off from this
privilege, they will look into the subject, and
we shall have a system that will not be subject
to the objections of the present system. I
hope, therefore, the amendment will be
adopted. I think it is of the essence of the
reform that it should be adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. In reply to the remarks of
the Senator from Vermont, I will only quote
what he said the other day in a case precisely
like this. I say to the friends of the bill be-
ware how you receive presents from the
Greeks. He is now opposing the bill, and has
always been opposed to it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am very
much surprised that the Senator from Minne-
sota opposes this amendment. The whole ob-
ject is to save money to the Government, and
if we are to pay out as much money from the
Treasury as we take in by postage, what gain
is there? I should suppose that the chairman
of the committee who advocates this measure
would adopt this amendment at once a3 the
only one that really has any substance or value
in it.
Mr. WILSON. I should prefer to vote for
the naked repeal of this franking privilege
without any qualifications Then, after that
was done, at some future time we might cor-
rect abuses; we might adopt some plan per-
haps that would have no abuses in it; but
so long as we have the franking privilege at
all, I have no idea that we shall correct any
abuses in it. I am not one of those who have
regarded this as a privilege. I have never seen
the year since I have been here that I would
not have paid money to be rid of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then sur-
render it.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to surrender
it wholly and entirely. I am not one of those,
however, who believe that the Government is
going to save a great deal of money by it. I
agree with the Senator from Vermont on that
question. I think there has been great exag-
geration and a great outcry about abuses
many of which never existed. I believe this
franking privilege in years past has been a
means of education to this country, and espe-
cially to the new Stales and Territories. But
the public sentiment of the country for some
years has, I think, demanded its repeal. The
idea seems to be that this privilege is retained
because it is an advantage to members of Con-
gress. I regard it and have regarded it for
years as one of the greatest burdens imposed
upon me. I believe it is so with the great
mass of the members of Congress. I should
should prefer to vote for this bill striking out
everything but the first section. However, I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont; I agree with his amendment
a little better than I agreed with his speech in
support of it. As it is put in that form, I, for
one, choose to vote for it, and to vote for the
repeal of the law.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I have al-
ways voted against every bill that has been
before the Senate, since I have been here, for
the abolition of the franking privilege, and
shall always do so. I know that the Senators
who have been here for years understand how
much of labor is involved on their part by this
so-called privilege, and it is not supposed by
any man who is either intelligent on the sub-
ject or possesses braius enough to get higher
intelligence upon the subject, that they would
not be willingly relieved from this very un-
pleasant labor. I have desired to get rid of
this labor as far as I could, until now docu-
ments have accumulated on my bands and I
am trying to discharge my duty to my constit-
uents by simply writing my name upon them
and sending them to postmasters that I can
trust for distribution among their neighbors.
Many Senators upon this floor have been com-
pelled to employ clerks and pay them salaries
in order to assist them in the performance of
this duty, and they, therefore, have not been
robbing the people or the Treasury of the
people.
My acquaintance with the working of this
system has been among a population on the
frontier. I have constituents, as other Sen-
ators from the frontier have, who for a while
send twenty, thirty, forty, and fifty miles to a
post office for their mail matter until such
time as we are able to follow up the tide of
emigration and extend to them the facilities
of the post office establishment. If I were
one of those constituents of a Senator repre-
senting a new Stateon thisfloor, withhow much
interest would 1 look t.o the reception of your
volume of agricultural reports, of your educa-
tional report, of a synopsis, as indicated by the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Freling-
hutsest,] of the reports of the heads of the
Departments? To the constituency that I
represent, therefore, for a long time, until
corn will realize more than ten cents on the
bushel, which it will not do at present, it is a
benefit, it is a blessing to that class of the
population of the United States, the poor men
who take possession of the prairie and carve
from it farms upon which they may establish
princely residences in the future, that they
shall have the benefit of this system. If I
rob them of the advantages of the franking
privilege and yet do not save one dollar to
the Government,' I perpetrate upon them a
wrong and I do the General Government no
benefit.
I have never heard it argued on this floor
that if you abolish the franking privilege to-
day you can make a contract any cheaper
to-morrow with the contractor that is carrying
your mails to the West or in any other direc-
tion from the capital of the nation. The postal
car will cost you just so much, the material
for the purpose of carrying the mails over the
railroads will cost you just so much, and
whether you have one ton or fifty tons of mail
matter the expense will be the same to the
Government of the United States. Therefore,
where you are carrying the mail over a rail-
road you will carry it no cheaper by the abo-
lition of the franking privilege, nor will you
carry it any cheaper over the rivers upon the
steamers and packets. Where it is necessary
to run a coach or a hack you will pay enough
to keep up the expense of running the coach
or the hack whether you send a bushel or fifty
bushels of mail. I say, therefore, that the
advantage of this repeal is to inure to the
contractors of the Government and not to the
people of the country. Until I have light
convincing me that I am mistaken on that
point, I shall never vote for the abolition of
the franking privilege. By the people it has
been sustained for purposes of enlightenment,
and I never will vote to interpose any obstacle
between them and the transactions of their
Government. I will vote for such amend-
ments as shall go as far as it is possible to
correct the evils of the system ; further than
that, not one step.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Corbett, Cragin
iidmunas, Frehnghuysen. Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan, Hill, Ilowe, Johnston, Kelly, Mac-hcn,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pool,
