1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
ture of Missouri a Senator from that State for
the term beginning March 4,1873 ; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, transmitting copies of the accounts
of persons charged with the disbursement of
moneys, goods, or effects for the benefit of
Indians from July I, 1870, to June 30, 1871.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the question
of printing that document be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Comptroller of the
Currency, upon the condition of the Savings
Banks of the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas asking an
appropriation for the purpose of commencing
public buildings at the city of Topeka for the
use of the courts, post office, and other busi-
ness of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, aud ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, asking for a survey of the
eastern boundary line of that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas in relation to the settlement
of certain Indian lands in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Poultney, Vermont, praying for a pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage within the United States Territories
and the District of Columbia; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of the town of Kildare, Juueau county, Wis-
consin, praying for a prohibition of the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of all intoxicat-
ing liquors to be used as a beverage within the
jurisdiction of the United States; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
three thousand Sons of Temperance, of the
State of Illinois, signed by their chief officers,
praying for a prohibition of the manufacture,
importation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage within the United
States Territories and the District of Colum-
bia; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, asking for an
amendment to the pensionlaws so as to include
all of the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812
irrespective of time of service; which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. PRATT presented a resolution of a
soldiers' convention, held at Marshall, Indiana,
relative to what is known as the soldiers'
bounty land bill, passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives: which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of the Governor and judges of the
supreme court of the State of Vermont, pray-
ing for a prohibition of the manufacture, im-
portation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage within the United
States Territories and the District of Colum-
bia ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LOGAN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Illinois in favor of the passage
of a bill providing for an additional district of
the United States court in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. . ,
Mr. CONKLING presented the memorial
of Clark & Clark publishers of the Clayton
Independent,of Clayton, Jefferson county, New
York, praying thatthe words "and wholly print-
ed and" be stricken from the bill now pending to
amend the postal laws, which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of George F.
Corastock, Charles B. Sedgwick, and others,
citizens of Onondago county, New York, pray-
ing for a repeal of the bankrupt law ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of
J. H. Warren, publisher, of Kossuth county,
Iowa, remonstrating against the passage of the
bill before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Mrs.
John W. Minor, the sole heir and only living
child of Charles J. Catlett, deceased, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maine, praying for a prohibition of the
manufacture, importation, and sale of all intox-
icating liquors to be used as a beverage within
the United States Territories, and the District
of Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying for a prohibition
of the manfacture, importation, and sale of
all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bever-
age within the jurisdiction of the United
States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of
citizens of West Virginia, praying for a prohi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage within the jurisdiction of the United
States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition of
citizens of Nebraska, praying for a prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage within the jurisdiution of the United
States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Nebraska, soldiers of the late war, asking the
passage of the soldiers' bounty land bill as it
passed the House of Representatives; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a memorial of art-
ists and others, asking the establishment of a
National Art Academy; which was referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
papjsrs withdrawn.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that an order be made
authorizing Oliver Evans Wood to withdraw
his petition and papers now before the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, upon
which no report has been made.
Leave was granted.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask that an
order be made for the withdrawal of the papers
in the case of John Heddinger, the bill for
whose relief has been indefinitely postponed.
The parties ask leave to withdraw the papers
if there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that this was a House bill, and the
papers were received from theHouse. and they
cannot be withdrawn here.
printing 01' a memorial.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to ask consent to
have a memorial presented by me some days
since, of Alexander McLeod, printed with the
evidence. The papers are short, and I should
like to have them printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
river and harbor bill,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented an
amendment intended to be proposed by him to
the bill (H. R. No. 3922) making appropria-
tions foi the repair, preservation, ana comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The proposition of an
amendment to the river and harbor bill re-
minds me that a few days ago the Senate
adopted a provision making the rule applying
to general appropriation bills also applicable
to the river and harbor bill; but in drawing
the amendment which I prepared I forgot the
fact that the river and harb or bill goes to the
Committee on Commerce, whereas the other
bills go to the Committee on Appropriations,
and as the rule literally reads it would require
that the amendments offered to the river and
harbor bill should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I therefore move
that the amendment which I send to the Chair
be substituted for the one which was adopted
the other day, to carry out the intention of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it was so understood by the Senate at that time.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was so understood;
but I see the literal reading of the resolution
would not carry out precisely the opinion of
the Senate. I offer this:
_ Beaolved, That the second paragraph of the thir-
tieth rule be amended so as to read :
And in_ like manner notices of amendments to
bills making appropriations for rivers and harbors
shall be given and be referred to the committee to
which such bills shall be referred.
The resolution was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1559)
for the relief of William G. Barnard, late a clerk
in the custom-house in the city of New York,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1105)
granting a pension to Melissa Rankin, mother
of Oliver S. Rankin, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3820) grant-
ing a pension to Thomas R. Hardwick, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed; and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3836) grant-
ing a pension to Laura Baker, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3838) grant-
ing a pension to Ellen M. Cummings, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed; and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3840) grant-
ing a pension to Susan E. Alger, submitted an
adverse report thereon, which was ordered to
be printed; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 2412)
granting a pension to Helen M. Smith, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon, which was
ordered to be printed; and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was recommitted the bill (H. R. No.
2439) granting a pension to Jane D. Mumford,
have had the same under consideration a sec-
ond time. The bill was reported adversely
before by my friend from Texas; [Mr. Hamil-
