THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
mouth to the mouth of Howard and Anthony creeks*
and from the mouth of said creeks to the Stateline;
and also the right, power, and franchise to construct,
maintain, and operate a good and substantial
through water-line from the mouth of the Kanawha
river to the Chesapeake bay, so far as the said water-
line shall pass through and be located in this State:
Provided, That the rights, privileges, and franchises
hereiu mentioned shall never be so far exercised as
to affect or impair any right now in the Chesapeake
and Ohio Railroad Company, by or under the laws
of this State.
2. The board of public works is hereby author-
ized'to appoint nine commissioners on the part of
the State, one to bo chosen from each judicial cir-
cuit, any five or more of whom may act, to confer
and negotiate with any commissionersor persons who
may be authorized by law to act for and on behalf
of the United States in regard to a transfer to the
United States of said rights, privileges, and fran-
chises ; three fourths of the said commissioners, at
least, shaii consent to any contract or agreement
tliat'may be propped touching the said transfer.
3. That the said commissioners shall, as soon as a
contract is proposed to them, which they or three
fourths of them may deem acceptable and just,
transmit to the Governor of this State, who shall
submit the same to the Legislature for their action,
if it be in session at the time; and if the Legislature
be not then in session, he shall convene it as speedily
as possible for that purpose.
4. That the State of "Virginia be respectfully re-
quested to take concurrent action in the matter
referred to in the foregoing resolutions, and that
a copy of the same be sent by the Governor of this
State to the Governor of Virginia, with the request
that he lay them before the Legislature of that State.
5. That a copy of these resolutions be seut to each
of the Senators and Representatives in Congress
from this State, and they be requested to lay the
same before Congress; and to the Governors of the
following States: Virginia, Maryland, Ohio, Ken-
tacky* Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
Arkansas, Kansas, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
Nebraska, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina.
Adopted, December 21, 1872.
Statu of West Virginia,
Cleric's Office, Housk op Diolkgates,
Charlesroy,,herniary 15,1873.
I, J. B. Peyton, clerk of the house of delegates,
and as such keeper of the rolls, do hereby certify
that tho above is a true and correct copy of a joint
resolution adopted by tho Legislature of We.st Vir-
ginia, December 21,1872, entitled " Joint resolution
Ifo. 10, providing for the transfer of certain rights
and franchises of th e State of West Virginia to the
United States/'as appears from tho records in my
office.
Given under my hand this tho 15th day of Jan-
uary, 1873.
J. B. PEYTON,
Clerk of the Home of Delegates,
and Keeper of the Holla.
TUCSON, ARIZONA TBKMTOltY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I am directed
by the Committee of Claims to move that they
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 3235) to quiet title to
lands in the city of Tucson, Arizona Terri-
tory, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on tho Public Lands.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
AUKANSAS, KTC., KAILKOAD COMPANY.
Mr. IIOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
reported back a bill (FT. R. No. 1006) to incor-
porate the Arkansas Valley arid llocky Moun-
tain Haiirottd Company, and to grant the right
of way through the public lands to the same;
■which was ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
Mr, ARCF1BR. It is the understanding
that bill is not to be brought back by a
motion t.o reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Of course that is the under-
standing, and it will be ordered accordingly.
OBOBLXV TO ANIMALS.
Mr, COX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make a
motion to reconsider a motion I made on Sat-
urday last, which I do at the request of the
gentleman from Ohio who is chairman of
the Committee on Agriculture. House bill
No. 696, m reference to cruelty to animals,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and, on
my motion, referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture, in theabsoncc of the chairman of that
committee. It had been returned from the
Senate with amendments, and I now ask my
motion be reconsidered,and the bill and amend-
ments brought back to their original position
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER: If there be no objection,
it will be ordered accordingly. Is there any
objection?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT NASHVILLE.
Mr. TYNER. Mr. Speaker, I ask by unani-
mous consent, on behalf of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, that a bill (H.
B. No. 2943) to provide for the erection of a
public building at Nashville, Tennessee, be
taken from the Speaker's table and the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
There was no objection.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to cause to be erected, on the ground
now owned by the United States in that city, a
suitable building at Nashville, Tennessee, for
the use and accommodation of the courts of
the United States, the post office, custom-
house, and other offices of the Government,
at a cost not exceeding the sum of $150,000.
The Senate amendment was as follows:
In line six, after the word "cost,"insert thewords
" upon plans to be previously made and approved
by tho Secretary of the Treasury."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TYNEB moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SETTLERS ON SIOUX INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the
Public Lands a bill (H. R. No. 3326) for the
relief of settlers on the late Sioux Indian
reservation in the Stateof Minnesota, in order
that it be now put on its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that
all actual settlers, who have duly filed their
declaratory statements under the preemption
laws with the register of the proper local land
office, upon the unsold lands now included
within the limits of the late Sioux Indian
reservation in the State of Minnesota, shall be
allowed until the 1st of March, 1874, in which
to make proof and payment for their claims."
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. HOLM AN. I believe I must object.
Mr. DUNNELL. I desire to make a brief
explanation of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve the
right to object.
Mr. DUNNELL The present act does not
extend the time, but it simply provides for the
correction of an error which occurred in the
act of the last session. By the ruling of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
the act of last winter simply provides for those
who settled on that Indian reservation prior
to 1868, whereas the intention was to include
all those who settled prior to the passage of
the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this apply to actual
settlers?
Mr. DUNNELL. It applies only to actual
settlers. The bill itself was drawn by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office at
my request, and is presented with the recom-
mendation of the Committee on the Public
Lands. I do not think there can be any ob-
jection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUNNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS OF COLORED CITIZENS.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous conscnt, pre-
sented a memorial of colored citizens, pray-
ing for appropriate legislation in accordance
with the Constitution and in the interests of
freedom, with respect to their civil and polit-
ical rights as citizens of tho United States,
and moved that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and printed ; and also
that it be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The report is as follows :
The undersigned were appointed a committee at
the civil rights mass meeting held in Washington,
District of Columbia, December-19, and instructed
to present to your earnest attention the following
memorial and resolutions:
To the honorable member#
of the Forti/Second Congress of oil parties :
Respected sies: We are aggrieved by being in-
vidiously proscribed. In keeping witli proper self-
respect, we protest, protest as men, protest as Amer-
icans. against the continuance of such proscription.
There is further justification for our protest, inas-
much as the injustice is contrary to the professions,
the declarations, and the Constitution of the Gov-
ernment. The Government must either obliterate
its declaration, abolish its Constitution, bo stamped
aa a fraud, or see that its humblest citizen is pro-
tected in equality before tho law. Wo are not thus
protected. Shall our fair nation be stamped as a
fraud and humble itself disgracefully to appease an
unholy prejudice? No 1 As Americans we protest
against it.
Fortunately, under the progress of civilization,
we have not to argue either the justice or the con-
stitutionality of our demands. Both are conceded.
The people, in their late national conventions,
which assembled at Philadelphia, at Cincinnati,
and at Baltimore, affirmed that we, as well as all
other citizens, should be protected in equality be-
fore the law. The people in the late election rati-
fied this declaration. We may say both parties
assented to the same without opposition. The party
which sways the majority in the land, and which is
in control, has pledged its faith, in the language
of the third resolution adopted by the Philadelphia
convention, that this result should be completely
secured, saying, " Complete liberty and exact equal-
ity in the enjoyment of all civil, political, and
public rights should be established and efl'ectually
maintained throughout the Union by efficient and
appropriate State and Federal legislation. Neither
the law_ nor its administration should admit of any
discrimination in respect of citizens by reason of
raee, creed, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude."
The chief officer of the country, placed in power
by this party, has frequently assured us of his sym-
pathy with our wrongs, and declared himself in
favor of such legislation as would abolish all dis-
crimination among all citizens, and secure to all
their equal civil, political, and public rights.
The Philadelphia convention said in substance to
Copgress, then on the eve of adjournment, "Do not
adjourn until all citizens are secured by appropriate
legislation in their civil rights." In the face of
these pledges are we to be outraged much longer?
fehalj wo distrust ?
Tho rights we ask to be nationally protected in are
fullysecured to us in some portions of the land-
portions as moral, as intelligent, and in every man-
ner as high-toned as any other—with no evil conse
quences, without opposition. In other portions our
rights m the management of public instruction, in
inns, and by common carriers and otherwise, are
outraged. Although the Constitution specifically
guaranties the right of' an impartial jury" to all the
people, we are in many parts of the Union denied
this right. Though in common law, and according to
constitutional principles,inns and common carriers
are bound to servo the public convenience, and not
invidiously, we yet do not thus enjoy such public
accommodation. The public schools, supported in
common by tunas taken alike from our and other
citizens pockets, are made instruments of our deg-
radation, Our tender children are taught by sep-
arate schoote that they are not so good as other
children. White children are taught by white schools
that, colored children are inferior, and are to be
despised. Such are the debasing results of the sep-
arate school system.
When we fought to save the nation, and subse-
quently when we deposited ballots, laying aside
bullets, i t was not to perpetuate this disgrace: there-
fore we beg you to relieve us from it. Lot this Con-
gress do so before it shali adjourn. Let the incom-
ing Congress be not burdened with our wrongs, but
people6 a makcrial interests of the
M&moriuX 
Whereas as a class, in the interest of slavery, wo
have been outraged; and whereas legislation is
needed to counteract the same, to educate the doo-
ple, to respect our rights : It is
liezolved. Thai wo call on Congress to enforce by
appropriate legislation, in accordance with the Con-
stitution, and in the interest of freedom, respect for
States Political rights as citizens of theUnitod
Resolved, That when a Government, based on the
equality of all and demanding of all equal allegi-
ance, punishing alike all for violation of its laws
assumes to educate the people, it should riot be as
classes, not invidiously, not with any proscribing
arrangements tending to degrade one class of citi-
zens m the estimation of another; but in schools
where every child may strive beside his fellow for
honorable emulation, with the consciousness that ho
is not regarded by Government regulation becauso
