1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ton.] The committee have had it under con-
sideration this morning upon the new evidence,
and instructed me to report adversely. The
committee are of opinion that if this be a
meritorious case Mrs. Mumford has full relief
at the Pension Office.
Sir. ANTHONY. Let that bill go on. the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2479) granting a pension to Annie Marie
Bailey, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3812) grant-
ing a pension to Ann Woods, reported it
without amendment..
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1350) for the relief of the
Newark Rubber Manufacturing Company, re-
ported adversely thereon ; and the biil was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 4034) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to dis-
pose of the old post office property in Chicago,
to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage. This bill has passed
the House, and it has been reported by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and also by the Committee on Finance, and it
would be to the interest of the United States
to have it passed at once. It will take no
longer time than will be consumed in reading
the bill. Both Senators from Illinois under-
stand the merits of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go on the Calen-
dar. "We shall never reach cases that, have
been reported from committees before, unless
we go on regularly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of, Michigan. The Commit-
tee on Finance, to whom was referred, the bill
(S. No. 1625) defining the duties of receivers
of national banks, have instructed me to report
it hack and to state that at this late period of
the session the committee have been unable
to give it that consideration which its import-
ance demands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar without recommenda
tion by the committee.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1626) relating to the issue of unauthorized
circulation, have instructed me to report it
back aud to say that this bill relates to the
circulation of banks and taxes thereon, and is
therefore within a class of legislatioa pertain-
ing specially to the other branch of Congress.
The House of Representatives .hold the ori-
ginating province in such legislation. The
committee therefore ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill.
The committee were discharged, and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom were referred
the following bills, reported them without
amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 3806) granting a pension
to Millie A. Powell;
A bill (H. R. No. 3807) granting a pension
to William D. Tomlinson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3808) granting a pension
to Chancy J. Poore ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3810) granting a pension
to Anderson W. Scott.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported
adversely thereon ; and they were postponed
indefinitely :
A bill (H. R. No. 3802) granting a pension
to Obadiah Whiston ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3809) granting a pension
to Henry H. Kaiser.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Fiqance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No( 1440) to refund a duplicate tax, reported
adversely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the
Committee-on Pensions, to whom were referred
the following bills, reported adversely thereon;
and they were postponed indefinitely :
A bill (H. R. No. 3813) granting a pension
to Samuel Barrett;
A bill (H. R. No. 3814) granting a pension
to Samuel R. Allen ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3835) granting a pension
to William H. Nunamaker.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3827) grant-
ing a pension to Ann Hensley, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1633)
to authorize the First National Bank of St.
Anthony to change its title, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1627) to remit the duties upon certain goods
destroyed by fire at the late conflagration in
the city of Boston, have directed me to ask
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion. I will state that the bill goes far be-
yond any precedent in our history, and it is
very doubtful whether in any form it ought to
be passed. At any, rate, it is a matter of too
great importance to be considered now.
.The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the following
bills, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 1476) to legalize assignments
of pay of officers of the Army, Navy, Marine
corps, officers, clerks, and other employes of
the civil service of the United States ;
A bill (S. No. 1517) to authorize the con-
solidation of national banks; and
A bill (S. No. 1554) to authorize the irrevoc-
able deposit of money in the Tre isury of the
United States for charitable and other pur-
poses.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the city council
of Newport, Rhode Island, in favor o' local
taxation of goods imported from foreign uuun-
tries, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of January 28, 1873,
relative to fines, forfeitures, aud penalties and
the shares of seizures by customs officers, have
directed me to ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject. The let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mends that the names of certain informants
should not be published, and in that opinion
the Committee on Finance concur.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1463) to require reports of savings banks
organized under laws of the United States,
and for other purposes, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 4002) for the relief of
Jonathan Diehl and George Blymer, sureties
on the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor
for carrying the United States mails on post
routes No. 4249, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Wells, Fargo & Co., praying to be compensa-
ted for transporting the overland mail in 1864,
submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2895) for the
relief of the owners of the schooner Robert
Corson, reported adversely thereon, the claim
having been settled by the proper department;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee has had
under consideration the bill (H. R. No. 3856,)
for the relief of the heirs of Henry Fullenwider,
deceased, and have directed me to report that
the committee are divided iu opinion, and the
bill is to go on the Calendar with the under-
standing that it may be called up at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Eb-
munds in the chair.) The bill will ,be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 2795) for the relief of
George F. Tracy, postmaster at Bridgeport,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 3512) for the relief of
John Paine; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3872) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) adminis-
tratrix.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolution, reported adversely
thereon; and they were postponed indefinitely;
A bill (S. No. 465) allowing outfit jandyearly
allowance of clothing to the petty officers,
seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, musi-
cians, boys, machinists, firemen, and coal-
heavers of the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 478) for the relief of Rear
Admiral Henry Walke;
A bill" (S. No. 567) for the relief of Miles
Greenwood ;
A bill (S. No. 912) for the restoration of
Commander H. N. T. Arnold, United States
Navy, to the active list from the retired list;
A bill (S. No. 1070) for the relief of Com-
modore William B. Whiting;
A bill (S. No. 1470) for the relief of Egbert
Thompson ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) to extend
the provisions of section twenty-oue'of the act
approved July 17, 1862, to aliens who have'or
may enlist in the naval and marine service.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the same committee, to
whom were referred the following petitions,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to :
The petition of Edward H. Van Wyck,
assistant surgeon J United States Navy, pray-
ing for an increase of pay;
The petition of J. P. Milton, praying com-
pensation for extra services as clerk to the
commandant of the navy-yard at Memphis ;
The petition of Mary A. Johnson, praying
compensation for the services of her late hus-
band as judge advocate before certain courts-
martial in the years 1844 and 1845 ;
The petition of John R. Bond, praying pay-
ment for services as purser on the United
States brig Bainbridge, iu the year 1848;
The petition of officers of the Navy stationed
at navy-yards, praying that their pay be de-
fined and settled satisfactorily;
A petition of officers of the Navy, praying
for au increase of pay while on shore duty;
A petition of officers of the United States
Navy at Mare Island, praying for an equaliza-
tion of the law governing the pay of such
officers ;
A petition of officers of the Navy, praying
that the pay of all officers on duty shall be the
present pay of their respective grades;
A petition of retired officers of the Navy,
asking for an increase of pay when on shore
duty, and for officers on the retired list;
A petition of Midshipman H. F. Fickbohu
