1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
and others, members of the class of 1870,
against the promotion of certain member^of
their class by which injustice has been done
to them;
Two memorials of certain midshipmen of
the Unitpd States Navy, praying that promo-
tions of the class of midshipmen of the gradu-
ating date of 1870, as they shall from time to
time be made, be dated back to a date coinci-
dent with the promotions of Clayton Richman
and Theodoric Porter;
A memorial of officers of the Navy of the
United States and others, askingtbat provision
be made for the funeral expenses of officers
who die in the service, in accordance with the
forms of the faith in which they died ;
The memorial of Commodore S. B. Bessell,
in relation to the pay of officers on the retired
list of the Navy ;
The petition of Commodore James M.
Watson, praying, as a measure of relief, that
he be placed on the retired list of commodores;
The petition of Captain Alexander Gibson,
asking pay for certain duty done in the Navy
during the rebellion ;
A petition of privateersmen of the war of
1812, praying that they be granted pension's ;
and
The memorial of R. L. Law, a commander
in the United States Navy, praying to be
restored to the position in the Navy held by
him prior to July, 1866, next below Captain
W.W. Low.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee oh Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (EL R.
No. 2969) to authorize the Secretary of War
to distribute arms and military equipments
under the act of April 23, 1808, and the acts
amendatory thereof, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire to have House
bill No. 1370 restored to its plaee on the Cal-
endar. The Committee on Patents recently
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration. I merely wish it placed on the
Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. What is it?
Mr. JOHNSTON. It is a bill for the relief
of the heirs of William A. Graham.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the Senator can only reach his
purpose by a formal motion.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be in order when the reports of commit-
tees are through, under the head of resolutions.
Mr. SPENCER. I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 862) to create a
port of delivery at La Crosse, in Wisconsin,
and to provide for a surveyor of customs
thereat, tp report it back without amendment,
and to ask for its immediate consideration.
There is a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury recommending it.
Mr. FENTON. Let tlie bill go on the
Ca'endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3938) to amend section two of an act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the yea*- ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes, and the acts amendatory j
thereof, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them adversely ; and they were
postponed indefinitely:
A bill (II. R. No. 2408) granting a pension
to Hannah E. Cu,rrie ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2458) granting a pension
to Margaret J. Boyd, Rachel D. Mcllvaine.
and William M. Mcllvaine; and
A bill (II It. Ny. 2460) granting a pension
to John A. Crezier, of Indiana.
Mr. HILL, trom the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3831)
granting a pension to Ellen Collins, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3372) authorizing and direetingthe
Secretary of War to give George A. Armea,
late captain tenth United States infantry, an
honorable discharge, to date the 7th day of
June, 1870, reported adversely thereon ; and
the bill was postponed'indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to
whom were referred the following bills, re-
ported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 3687) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty under
the act of July 28, 1868;
A bill (II. R. No. 3791) to amend an. act
entitled "An act to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property," approved June 10,
1872;
A bill {H. R. No. 8981) for the relief of
Julia P. Lynde, tainor child of R. D. Lynde,
late surgeon of United States volunteers,
deceased ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4035) for the relief of
Aaron B. Fryrear.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 882) restor-
ing Captain Alonzo J. Marsh to his position
in the Army, and that h« be honorably mus-
tered out of the service as of the date of the
mustering out of his regiment, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 206) for the re-
lief of Isaac H. Allen, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration and that the
petitioner be allowed to withdraw his papers
from the files of the Senate ; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1587) authorizing
appointments and promotions in the medical
and ordnance departments of the Army of the
United States, reported it with an amendment.
INTERNAL REVENUE LAWS
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1636) to plaee at the disposal of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue certain copies of
the new compilation of internal revenue laws,
have instructed me to report it with amend-
ments. This ought to be passed at once:
there will be no otyection to it I am sure.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that seven thousand
copies ofthe new compilation of internal rev-
enue laws ordered by section forty-five of the
act of June 6, 1872, to be printed for the use
of Congress, which compilation is now in
press, be placed at the disposal of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
The amendments of the Committee on Print-
ing were in line three to insert the word "of
after the word " that," and to strike out from
line six to the end of the bill, in the following
words:
Which compilation is now in press. be placed at
the disposal of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue : Provided, That when said copies are ready for
distribution, the said Commissioner shall mail to
each Senator and Representative, to the judges of
the Supreme Court and of the several United States
courts, and to all United States district attorneys, a
bound copy of said compilation, and shall cause
unbound copies tlieieof to be mailed to all persons
of whom a list shall be furnished to him by any
member of Congress.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Eight hundred shall be for the use of the Senate,
twelve hundred shall be for the use of the House of
Representative*, and five thousand shall be for the
use of the Commissionerof Internal Revenue.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SOLDIERS' BURIAL GROUND IN MARYLAND. ,
Mr. WEST. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (0. R.
No. 3794) to sell a vacated soldiers' burial
ground near Cumberland, Maryland, to the
Hebrew congregation of that city, to enlarge
their graveyard, have directed me to report it
back without amendment and with a favorable
recommendation,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
that bill at this time. It, is a very small bill,
simply authorizing the sale of a graveyard to
a church for the same purpose.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary,of War,
on the payment to him of a sum of money
equal in amount to that paid for the property
when purchased by the United States, to con-
vey by proper deed to Samuel Sonneborne, H.
Stern, and Isaac Miller, in trust for the use
and benefit of the Hebrew congregation ofthe
city of Cumberland, Ma'ryland, ail the right,
title, and interest of the United States in and
to that parcel or lot of land, containing a
half acre more or less, situated about one mile
east of the -city of Cumberland, near the old
national road, or turnpike, and lying near and
adjacent to the burial-ground of the Hebrew
congregation, being' the same premises that
were purchased for the United States on or
about the 2d day of May, in the year 1862,
by Captain Hurtt, assistant, quartermaster as
a burial-ground for its soldiers stationed in
that vicinity during the late war, and which
has been made vacant by the removal of the
bodies there interred to Antietam or other
national cemeteries.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CARE .Oi' SUBSISTENCE SUPPLIES.
Mr. WEST. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 3452) to provide for
the better care and protection of subsistence
supplies, to report it hack without amend-
ment, and to ask for the immediate consider-
ation of the bill, for the reason that it is in
the precise terms of a Senate bill that we
passed a few days ago, and by acting on this
bill at once the measure will become a law.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It empowers the Secretary of
War to select' from the sergeauts of the line of
the Army who shall have faithfully served
therein five years, three years of which in the
grade of non-commissioned officer, as many
commissary sergeants as the service may re-
quire,, not to exceed one for each military post
or place of deposit of subsistence supplies,
whose duty it shall be to receive and preserve
the subsistence supplies at the posts, under
the direction, of the proper officers of the sub-
sistence department, and under such regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of War. The comrriissary sergeants hereby
authorized are to be subject to the Rules and
Articles of War, and receive for their services
the same pay and allowances as ordnaace ser-
geants.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
UNITED STATUS LAND AT PLATTSBURC.
Mr. LOGAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 3970) to amend an
act entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary
of War to release twenty-five acres of the
lands of the United States at Plattsburg, New
York, to the New York and Canada Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," passed
June 8,1872, to report it back without amend-
ment. From the title of this bill one might
