1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
of his race or color, or for any other accidental cir-
cumstance, as unfit to associate with any other child
of the Commonwealth,
Jien/Aved, That inasmuch as the Constitution
specifically declares tbat all persons are entitled to
an impartial jury, it is therefore the legitimate
right of Congress to make such appropriate legisla-
tion as will secure all persons the benefit of this just
and wise provision.
Resolved, That that is not an impartial jury which
is constituted to the exclusion of any person on
account of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude.
lleaolved, That our right to enjoy the privileges
furnished by common carriers and public inns is so
clearly admitted in common law, and our Consti-
tution forbids any discrimination based on color,
race, or previous condition of servitude in the enjoy-
ment of the rights and privileges as citizens, is so
well known, we do not feel that more than the mere
citation to those disposed to deal ju-itlv by us of the
tact that we are discriminated against because ofour
race and color by inn-keepers and by common car-
riers, is neoessary to cause tho needed legislation to
secure us against tho injustice.
Itemdved, That while we hold it as a principle that
no one of our rights, however trivial, should be dis-
regarded with impunity because it sets an example
for a disregard of another, even it may bo to the
forcing into our social circles those we would not
have there—an outrage we would oppose with force—
still we give prominence to the fact tbat we are pro-
scribed in the management of public institutions
and in the impaneling of juries, and that we desire
appropriate legislation by Congress to secure us in
these right?, as well as in others outraged.
llemlveil. That the frequent assertions made in
evasion of our civil rights being secured us, to the
effect that we ask legislation in disregard of domi-
ciliary rights, are false; we emphatically deny them.
llewhed, That the thanks of the colored people
of the nation are due the Administration for its just
acknowledgment of all we demand of Congress, as
exhibited in the noble defense of the Cadet Conyers,
indicating, us it does, a commendable readiness on
the part of President Grant and his advisers to re-
spect our rights, which we pray Congress to emulate
by speedily granting our prayer to be protected in
our rights.
Hetalved, That our thanks are eminently due to
Hon. Chaulks Susiseb and Hon. II ex it y Wilsox for
their earnest and persistent adhesion to the great
principles of justice and equality, which have dis-
tinguished them, and singled them out as the great
champions of impartial justice to all men.
Resolved, That such vote cast by the members of
•Congress who favored a recognition of oar rights,
and the needed legislation to cause these rights to
be respected in the land, is gratefully remembered
by us.
Very respectfully, &c..
ROBERT PURVIS,
J. M. LANGSTON,
JOHN A. CRAY,
Dr. A. T. AUGUSTA.
W, H. A. WORMLEY.
JOHN H. BROOKS.
LEWIS H. DOUtit ASS,
Rev. J. B. REEVES,
i RJilK DOL GLASS, jr.,
R.T.FREEMA5.
R. W. TOMPKINS,
H.O.WAGONER, jr.,
GEORGE I. DOWNING,
FRED. DOUGLASS,
JOHX F. COOK,
WM. SYPUAX.
J. P. SAMPSON.
Dr. J. L. N. BO WEN,
WM. J. WILSON,
JOHN T. JOHNSON,
Rev. I). W. ANDERSON,
Ilcv, J. II. A. JOHNSON,
W. E. MATHEWS,
CHAS. R. DOUGLASS,
1<\ G. BARBADOES.
change of location of national bank.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (H.
It. No. 3334) authorizing the First National
Bank of Watkins, New York, to change its
location and name.
The hill was read. It authorizes the Na-
tional Bank of Watkins, now located in the
village of Watkiii?. county of Schuyler, and
State of New York, to change its location to
the village of Petm Yan, in the county of
Ynle«, in said State, under the usual condi-
tion*.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it i
was acpoi dingly read the third time, and
parsed.
Mi. HOOPER, uf Massachusetts, moved to |
rpeotiKider ih<- vote by which the bill was 1
passed ; rind also moved thnt (he motion to '
leconaider be Said on the table.
Tin- Uncr motion whs ngref d n>.
payment to ontario county, sew york.
Mr. LAMPORT. I ask that by unanimous
consent the bill (H. R. No. 2878)" to pay the
county of Ontario, in the State of New York,
the sum of $25,500, with amendments by the
Senate, be taken from the Speaker's table, and
that the amendments be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate will be read, after which objections, if
any, will be in order.
The Clerk read as follows:
" New York" in line two to the
end of the bill and insert these words: " In addition
i sio mn !um, of ^512,000 heretofore paid, the sum of
; 818,000 to the order of the treasurer of Ontario
; county, New York, for the perpetual use, repair,
; and care of their court-house and post office build-
; ing, for which the United States now holds a lease,
| out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Amend the title so as to read, "An act to pay th e
■ c21S)&Sf Ontario, in the State of New York, the sum
: of $18,000."
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire that that portion
of the original bill which it is proposed to
strike out be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The sum of $25,500 for the perpetual use of half
of their court-house and post office building, out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated; the same to be paid on the order of the
treasurer of Ontario county. New York: Provided,
That on due examination the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury shall find the same due.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the Senate amend-
ment does not change the general features of
this bill.
Mr. LAMPORT. It does not.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it does not I have no
: objection.
j The amendments of the Senate were con-
. curred in.
| Mr. LAMPORT moved to reconsider the
| vote by which the amendments were con-
! curred in; and also moved that the motion
! to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I call for the regular order.
admission op colorado.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being demanded, the morning hour begins
at twelve o'clock and twenty-four minutes p.
m., and the House resumes the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 148J to enable the peo-
ple of Colorado to form a constitution and
State government for the admission of said
State into the Union on an equal footing with
original States. Thegentleman from Nebraska
[Mr. Taffe] has twenty minutes of his hour
remaining.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to suggest that I do
not think I ought to be held to the proposition
which was made yesterday in regard to the
hour when a vote on this bill should be
taken, because there was a misapprehension
as to the time when the Committee on Com-
merce had the right to the floor. I made the
suggestion that there should be a vote at a
certain hour, uuder the impression that the j
Committee on Commerce had the right to the |
floor at two o'clock, which was the under-
standing of the Chair, and I believe of the
House generally. But I was cut off at half
past one, and I therefore desire that the un-
derstanding come to yesterday shall go for
uaught.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the order
with reference to the disposal of this bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill is in the morning
hour and no time has yet been absolutely j
fixed for having a vote upon it. ]
Mr. FARNSWORl'H, This is a very irn- j
portant bill, and it seems to me that ample j
time should be taken for its discussion. Only i
a portion of an hour was devoted to it yes:er- ,
day. and 1 would suggest that a particular Jj.y
or evening session be set apart for it. in order
that it may be thoroughly discussed. Our !
Territories have a large portion (if the area ef I
the United States, and a bill of this nature j
should not be disposed of hazily. 1 hope the i
: House will be willing to give a fair modicum
of its time to its discussion.
I , .,¥r* SARGENT. I have no objection to the
i bill receiving the fullest discussion, provided
| it is not talieti out of the morning hour. The
; appropriation bills,although they were reported
| at art unusually early period, are now more.
! behind than they ever have been before, in my
; recollection, in the short session. The ten-
■ dency of the House seems to be too much in
the direction of assigning special days for the
; consideration of special subjects. Now, every
j; member must know that if we are not to have
[ an extra session of Congress after the 4th of
; March it is necessary that these appropriation
bills should be passed. But if our time is to
j be so much allotted out to the consideration of
other subjects, there cannot possibly be time to
j dispose of these bills before the 4th of March.
| Or if we dispose of them, we do itas in former
; sessions of Congress, on the last night of the
session, putting through bills with so much
rapidity that there is not time to print the
amendments of the Senate, or to refer them
to a committee of conference. In the case of
one important bill, making appropriations to
the amount of $20,000,000, the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in by the House
without going to a committee, and the result
wag that many crude measures of legislation
were passed in that bill. Now, in order to
avoid anything of that kind, I ask that the
morning hour may be devoted to the business
j of the morning hour, and that the rest of the
i time be devoted to the business of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Suppose we devote
one dayor one evening to the consideration
' of this bill and dispose of it.
j Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
j an evening being taken for this purpose; but
! we cannot get a quorum here in the evening
I for the consideration of an appropriation bill,
\ and then some gentleman who objects to a
| particular appropriation asks a division, and
i then we have to have a call of the House, and
] spend four or five hours in that way.
J Mr." FARNSWORTH. My experience is
that we can get a quorum on appropriation
bills but not upon other bills.
Mr. SARGENT. The experience of the
House is against that view of the ease.
Mr. DAWES. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
j Gaiifield, of Ohio,] I feel as if I desired to
! aid the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
j gext] in pressing upon the House the neces-
■ sity of directing their ittention to the appro-
■ priation bills. The Committee on Appropri-
; ations, with commendable industry, presented
j their bills at an unusually early hour of the
I session, and yet I am sorry to say that it
i looks to me as if it would be very difficult and
| almost impossible to get those bills through
! with proper consideration if we devote a single
! day more to any special order. I understand
that several days of the few remaining days
of the session are assigned to the considera
lion of special orders, to the exclusion of all
other orders. Now, if any special matter is of
such interest that its friends want to crowd it
before the House, even against the appropria-
tion bills, it seems to me that they could draw
a House in the evening when one could not be
drawn to consider an appropriation bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me suggest to the
gentleman that after the 28th of this month
we commence our sessions at eleven o'clock
instead of twelve.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman understands
that, so far as the Committee of Ways and
Means is concerned, they have measures be-
fore them which they deem of great import-
ance, and which they will be obliged to ask
permission of the House to report for consid-
eration. Now, they cannot do that if any
more special orders are made. There are
matters before the Committee of Ways and
Means which they deem of very great import-
