7.82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
anee. and which cannot be disposed of in the
House without considerable debate. They
have not been able to present theor before;
they will present them in a few days, and
expect that the House will devote some time
to their consideration, that they will not pass
upon them without debate. I trust, therefore,
I may be pardoned for urging upon the House
what my own experience in this matter teaches
me to be true, that no more special assign-
ments be made.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I suggestthat the
bill now in the morning hour be assigned for
consideration to-morrow evening or this even-
ing, for discussion, with the understanding
that a vote shall be taken at its close.
Mr. SARGENT. I think the vote had bet-
ter be taken in the day time and let us have
the discussion in the evening. Let the debate
proceed to-night or to-morrow night, and let
the previous question be considered as pend-
ing at the adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. I warn the gentleman that
a discussion to empty benches will be of no
service to him.
Mr. TAFFE. I would inquire how much
there remains of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. There is just one hour
if the gentleman demands the regular order.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I suggest that by
unanimous consent the House meet this even-
ing at half past seven o'clock, for the consid-
eration of this bill, and that at nine o'clock
the vote be taken.
Mr. KERR. I object to that.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I suggest that we
modify the proposition so that the vote shall
be taken to-morrow.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now proceed with
the consideration of the bill for the admission
of Colorado, upon which the gentleman from
Colorado [Mr. Chaffee] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Mr. Speaker, in March,
1864, Congress passed an act to enable the peo
pie of Nevada, Colorado, and Nebraska to form
State constitutions and be admitted into the
Union upon an equal footing with the other
States. Nevada having complied with all the
provisions of that law was admitted in accord-
ance with the act by a proclamation of the
President during that year, but Colorado and
Nebraska having failed to comply with the act
only iu regard to the time of voting it was
supposed required further legislation before
entering the Ueioi. as States. Congress passed
a subsequent bill admitting Colorado as well
us Nebraska, but the President vetoing it,
Colorado was unable to secure the requisite
number of votes to pass the bill over the veto,
and thus failed to become a Stale. The bill
passed both Houaes of Congress again in the
year 1866 by a large majority, and was again
vetoed by the President, and again failed to
receive the constitutional vote in such cases.
Nebraska, her neighbor, being more fortuualc,
was admitted iu the year 1867.
It was thought by many able lawyers that no
further legislation was necessary for the Ter-
ritory of Colorado, as she had complied with
all the essential provisions and conditions of
the act of 1864, except as to time, which was
not considered to be any part of the contract
or condition required by the said act.
The case of Colorado, therefore, is peculiar,
and if there is anything in precedent, Congress
is fairly committed to her people tor the pass-
age of this bill. Having been invited to come
into the Union by the act of March 21, 1864,
then in 1866, and again in 1867, by both
Houses of Congress, it is not easy to see why
at this time Colorado is not fit to become a
State, when her population has more than
doubled, with a system of railways already iu
operation, rendering her development more
rapid and increasing her wealth over thiee
fold since 1864. The Legislative Assembly at
its session last winter passed a joint memorial
praying for. the passage of this bill. I hold a
copy of that document in my hand, which I
send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read
as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Memorial to Senate and House <1f Representatives of
the Congress of the United States of America :
Your memorialists, the council and bouse of rep-
resentatives of the Territory of Colorado, represent
that the people of this Territory are desirous of
organizing a State government and being admitted
into the union. In pursuance of this object, we
would respectfully ask of your honorable body the
passage of an enabling act. In support of our re-
quest we present the following facts; referring to
our natural advantages and wealth, which form the
only basis for the development of a rich and pop-
ulous State, we offer these remarks: the arable lands
are more extensive than iu any other portion of the
Rocky mountain country; timber is abundant on
high divides and mountains; the entire area of the
Territory furnishes the best of grazing facilities;
salt springs are numerous; coal of a good quali y is
found in Quantities inexhaustiblo and in nearly all
portions of the Territory. With the coal beds are
immense deposits of iron ore, and water powers are
unsurpassed in any State of the Union, while our
mountains are ribbed with veins of copper, lead,
silver, and gold. The following tables, taken irom
official data, show the progress madesince the taking
of the last census in June, 1870:
Assessed value of property taxed in 1869 and appear-
ing in the census report of 1870 $13,147,114
Assessed value of property taxed in 1870  IB,778.050
Assessed value of property taxed in 1871  24,112,078
(The mines, which aggregate in value as many moro
millions, not being taxable, are not included.)
Showing an increase of nearly fifty per cent., or
almost a hundred per cent., since the census report.
The total amount of freights reoeived on the different
railroads in the city of Denver for the year 1871
amounts to one hundred and sixty million pounds.
The increase of business received at the distributing
post office of the Territory for tho last year is about
fifty per cent. During the year 1871 the business of
the city of Denver amounted to about $14,000,OOU. At
the time of taking the last census there was no com-
pleted line of railway in the Territory, while to-day
there are completed and in operation about four hun-
dred and twenty-five miles. Add to this the tact
that before the end of the year 1872 extensions will
have been made as follows:
Miles.
Denver and ltio Grande railroad  200
Denver and Boulder Valley railroad  20
Colorado Central railroad  50
Kansas Pacific railroad  40
310
Add miles of road already oompleted 425
Total  735
This tablo shows that at the end of tho year we
expect to have a grand total of seven hundred and
thirty-live miles of railroad in operation iu our Ter-
ritory. We would also add that the following lines
of railroads are projected: Erom Denver, up the
Platte river to South Park, over the range to Salt
Lake City, Utah. A road lrom BouMer to the mines
at Cariboo, troui thence to Black Hawk and Central
City. A road from Fort Lyon, up the Arkansas
river, to Pueblo and Canon City. A road from Pine
Bluffs (on the Union Pacific load) to Golden City
and Denver. A road from Denver to Laramie City,
(on the Union Pacific rood.) to Montana, by way of
the Iron mountain on the Chug-watercreek. Aline
from Golden City to Littleton, on the Denver and
Rio Grande railroad.
From these statements it is seen that already Colo-
rado has a complete railroad system. A system of
smelting works has been started throughout tho
Territory; these much-needed improvements will
greatly assist the development ot the gold and silver
properties, and add largely to the production of the
precious metals, as well as copper and lead.
Since the date of the last census, Denver, Golden
City, Pueblo, Trinidad Canon, and Colorado City
have each of them more than doubled their popula-
tions. The Greeley colony now numbers about two
thousand; the Chicago Colorado now numbers about
six hundred; the St. Louis Western now numbers
about five hundred; the Southwesternnow numbers
about three hundred; the Now Memphis now num-
bers about one hundred; the Fountain now numbers
about three hundred.
All of these colonies but Greeley have been organ-
ized since tile taking of tho census ; the others were
started as late as the spring and fUfl of the year 1871.
From tho managers of each we have the assurances
that the coming season they expect an increase that
will average more than double their population.
These towns and colonies being situated iu different
portions of the Territory, show its general ru>id
growth and prosperity.
Since Maieh, 1870, there has been taken as home-
steads and preemptions for aetua'settlement intwo
of the four land offices of the Territory, 297,105 acres.
Sold by railroad companies 115,714 acres.
Total 412,819 acres.
Referring to your consideration and attention the
abovo faots, we offer the following conclusions : the
financial condition of the Territory (being out of
debt, with over $50,000 in the treasury) is so far satis-
factory that the people are justified in assuming the
burdens of State government. We offer this paper to
you with tho remark that not another population m
the United States can show thesamepro rata increase
of weal thin the last two years. Expecting a continued
progress of the Territory, judging the future by the
past, we do not hesitate to state that since the last
census not only the material wealth has doubled, but
the population has largely increased ; and we would
add that by the time we would be able to enter the
Union as a State, through the enabling act, we tbmk
that our population would have increased to one
hundred thousand. ,, , „„„
ALVIN MARSH,
Speaker of House of Itepresentatives.
G. M. CHILCOTT,
President of Council.
Approved January 16,1872.
EDWARD M. McOOOK, Governor.
Secretary's Office,
Colorado Territory.
I, Frank Hall, Secretary of the Territory of Colo-
rado, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a cor-
rect transcription of house joint memorial No. 1, in
relation to an enabling act, the original instrument
being now on file among the legislative records of
my office. '
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand, and caused the great seal of the Territory of
Colorado to be affixed, this 24th day of February, A.
D. 1872.
FRANK HALL,
Secretary of Colorado Territory.
Mr. CHAFFEE. It will be seen by this
memorial that the amount of population esti-
mated for the Territory is one hundred thou-
sand. It will also be seen that the develop-
ment of the Territory has been rapid, and,
judging the future by the past, I do not hesi-
tate io say, that by the time Colorado would
be admitted as a State under the operation of
this bill, her population will be not less than
the number required under the present appor-
tionment for one Representative on this floor.
The gentleman from New York who spoke
first upon this bill assumes two facts, which I
claim cannot be authenticated as such. The
first is that the population in 1860 was 34,277 ;
the other that in 1870 it was only 39,864,
showing, as he states, an increase of popula-
tion of only about sixteen per cent, during a
period of ten years.
The Territory of Colorado was not organized
until the 28th of February, 1861, one year
after this census of 1860 is alleged to have
been taken; consequently no census of Colo-
rado could have been taken in 1860, or one
year before the Territory was in existence.
There was no territorial organization, no United
States marshal, no county organization, no
territorial limits, and nothing existed in that
region known as Pike's Peak at the time this
census is alleged to have been taken except
the mountains and valleys, with the clear, blue
sky overhead, and a few thousand adventurous
persons, attracted thither by the report of gold
discoveries, expecting to gather up their for-
tunes and return to their homes the following
autumn-
It was_ during this excitement that some
enterprising individual secured the appoint-
ment to take the census of that region, and
doubtless managed as best he could to con-
sume whatever appropriation was made for that
purpose.
This class of persons, disappointed in their
expectations of fortunes in a brief space of
time, generally returned to their homes, and
very few of the pioneers remained and became
permanent settlers. The commencement of
the real settlement of Colorado was in the
latter part of the year 1860, and it was not
thought of sufficient importance by the Gov-
ernment to organize into a Territory until the
following year. Therefore the census of
1860, as far as Colorado is concerned, is totally
unreliable.
The breaking out of the rebellion carried
about three thousand of the citizens of the Ter-
ritory into the Federal Army, and the emigra-
tion westward being interrupted by the war,
