1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
suppose that it was a grant, bat it is merely
correcting a statute heretofore passed changing
the numbers in a property that was traas-
ferred some years ago.
Mr. CONKLING. If there be no objection,
I ask that that bill be put on its passage. It
is to correct an error in a statute which mis-
described the boundaries of lands and made
some other mistakes.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to authorize and em-
power the Secretary of War to release to the
New York and Canada Railroad Company, its
successors and assigns, a right of way along
the banks of Lake Champlain, upon and across
the land owned and possessed by the United
States in the town of Plattsburg, Clinton
county, New York, subject to such restrictions
as the Secretary of War may think necessary
to protect the interests of the United States;
but before the execution of such release the
railroad company is first to pay into the Treas-
ury of the United States the value of such
right of way per acre as fixed by the board of
appraisers heretofore appointed under the act
hereby amended, as stated in their report
approved by the Secretary of War. And the
Secretary of War is further authorized and
empowered, in his discretion, to locate the
twenty-five acres referred to in the act hereby
amended, in the northeasterly portion of the
lands of the United States, and to release the
same to the company, its successors and as-
signs, subject to the conditions and provisos
in that act, upon the payment of the full value
of the twenty-five acres, to be ascertained as
in that act provided ; but the company are to
elect to take the twenty-five acres and pay
such value so fixed, within such reasonable
time as may be fixed by the Secretary of War,
and after due notice from the Secretary to the
company.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. LJ5WIS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1642) to establish a post road from Cab-
bage Farm, via Taylor's Store, to St. Tam-
many, Mecklenburg county, Virginia ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1043) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a western judicial district of North
Carolina' which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1644) to enable the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to print for sale at cost the bound drawings
and specifications of the Patent Office; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance; Mr. SHERMAN, from the
Committee on Finance, and Mr. STEVEN-
SON, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
submitted amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
3921) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Mr. SAWYER, Mr.
SCOTT, and Mr. STEWART submitted
amendments intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by him to
the bill (H. R. No. 3850) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1874; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN submitted amendments
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3922) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, which were refered to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and orderad to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to re-
port an amendment to be proposed to the bill
(H. R. No. 3921) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes. The amendment makes an
appropriation of $25,000 to St. John's hospital
in the city of Washington. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
harbor op boston.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to consider the expediency of increasing
the appropriation for the harbor of Boston $100,000.
message i'ROM the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ; asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Eugene Hale of Maine, Mr. G. W. Scofield
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Stevensos Archer
of Maryland, managers at the same on its part.
naval appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill(H. R. No. 3351) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insistupon their amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agreed to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered. That the conference on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Cole, Mr. Cragin, and Mr. Stevenson
were appointed the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcook, his Private Sec-
retary, announced that the bill (S. No. 940) for
the relief of William Webster, of Maine, hav-
ing been received by the President on the 12th
instant, and not having been returned to the
Senate within the ten days prescribed by the
Constitution, has become a law to-day without
the approval of the President.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had on this day approved and signed the
following acts:
An act (S. No. 138) for the relief of John
B. Emerson;
An act (S. No. 1325) to grant an American
register to the propeller Oliver Cromwell;
An act (S. No. 1156) to define the limits of
the collection district of the Teche, in the
State of Louisiana, and for other purposes;
and
An act (S. No. 1310) to restore certain prop-
erty to Phineas Banning and Benjamin D.
Wifson.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The morning hour has expired, and
it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the,
agricultural college bill so called.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Under the
circumstances, I feel it my duty to insist upon
some action on the part of the Senate in rela-
tion to this national college bill. I do not
consider that the friends of the bill are at all
responsible for the large and unnecessary con-
sumption of time yesterday and last, evening
in relation to this bill. If the friends of the
bill have not replied to the various assaults
that have been made upon it, it has been in
consequence of their forbearance in relation
to a further consumption of time.
I desire to say to the friends of the bill that
there are no defects in this bill which cannot be
easily and promptly remedied by supplemental
legislation, if a majority of the Senate and a
majority of the House shall at any time deem
it necessary. I therefore hope that at all
events the dignity of the Senate will be vin-
dicated, so that a large majority can have ac-
tion upon a bill, however resolute a small
minority may appear. I do not think there is
anything.jp the character of this bill that jus-
tifies the unusual opposition manifested yes-
terday. I therefore hope that the friends of
the bill will firmly adhere to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Windom] to the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
publication of debates.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I have
tried ever since the bill for publishing the
congressional debates was reported to'.get the
action of the Senate upon it, and I thiik Sen-
ators do not understand or they forget that
after the 4th of March not only will mere be
no provision for .publishing the debates, but
the reporting ana publication of the debates
at the public cost is pQsitively prohibited.
The act which made a temporary provision
with the present contractors for the' .present
Congress provided that after the expiration of
this Congress it should not be lawful to report
or publish the debates at the public cost.
Whatever we may say about the leaden columns
of the Congressional Globe, and they are as
weary to me and the mode oi filling them is as
weary to me as it can be to any one, this pub-
lication is of great historical value. It
has been continued for a long time, and it
is of great importance that the debates upon
legislation'in this body and the House of Rep-
resentatives should be recorded and held for
future reference, for history.
We shall have after the 4th of March a short,
I hope, but certainly an important session of
the Senate. There will be questions debated
here which will be of much more than usual
importance at the called sessions of the Sen-
ate ; questions that will be debated in open
session ; and if our debates are not authenti-
cally recorded they will be reported by the
papers friendly and unfriendly on one side or
the other; the discussions here will undoubt-
edly be misrepresented upon both sides, and
we shall have no authentic record to appeal to.
Now if Senators will not take up this bill at
this time, which I should much prefer, I would
ask them to fix some hour to-morrow when by
general consent we may proceed with the con-
sideration of the bill. I ask if there may not
be unanimous consent that to-morrow at
twelve o'clock we may take up this bill?
Senators who are opposed to the bill and who
have other propositions can then make them
and the judgment of the Senate be taken upon
