1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
them; but I entreat Senators to make some
provision for the publication of the debates.
I ask general consent that to-morrow at
twelve o'clock the joint resolution for publish-
ing the debates of Congress may be taken up ;
and failing that, I shall move to take it up now.
election of mb. caldwell.
Mr. MORTON. I feel it to be my duty to
give notice—not that I am unfriendly to the
bill spoken of by the Senator from Rhode
Island, because I think I shall support it—that
I shall at the earliest moment again ask the
Senate to take up the resolution reported by
the Committee on Privileges and Elections in
regard to Mr. Caldwell. I would make that
motion now, but supposing that the agricul-
tural college bill may be disposed of in the
course of half an hour, I will defer the motion
for the present. But I give notice to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that if there is a prospect
that the debate on that bill is to run on, I shall
surely move to lay it upon the table with a view
of proceeding to the consideration of the reso-
lution I have named.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am entirely willing
at the proper time to proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill indicated by the Senator from
Rhode Island and the resolution indicated by
the Senator from Indiana ; but there is another
matter to which I wish to call the attention of
the Senate, which, in my judgment, is far
more important than either of them and far
more important to be acted upon at once by
Congress, and that is the bill which has been
reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections providing for the condition of affairs
in Louisiana. The two Houses of Congress
of course must act upon that matter, if any
action is to be taken. The matter in relation
to Senator Caldwell can be disposed of as
well at the called session of the Senate as now,
or even at the next regular session.
I do not propose to enter at length upon a
statement of the condition of affairs in Louis-
iana, because they are at least sufficiently under-
stood by the Senate to indicate the necessity
for their immediate consideration.
The President of the United States has, in
my judgment, very properly, in the execution
of the process of the Federal courts, author-
ized the use of the troops as a posse comitatus
in that State. By the use of those troops a
government de facto has been set up in that
State, or what is by the courtesy of that coun-
try called a government de facto; it is very
doubtful whether it even rises to that dignity,
based as it is upon no valid election, con-
ceded on all hands, I believe, not to have been
in fact elected, although it is claimed by some
that it ought to have been, and I am of that
opinion. And yet that government is stand-
ing to-day in Louisiana with no support but
Federal bayonets, and as certain as Congress
shall adjourn without making provision for
ihe case, one of two things must result; there
will be conflict and bloodshed between the two
governments now claiming supremacy in that
State, or the President must continue to give
the support of the Federal authority to the
government which has been set up by their
aid,
We can all see how delicate a matter this is,
and how unjust it would be for Congress to
.shirk the responsibility of dealing with it, and
lay it, upon the shoulders of the President. If
w<> shall adjourn without action the President
will have no choice. He must, of course, sus-
tain the government which has been estab-
lished there by the usurpation of the Federal
courts supported by Federal troops. He would
be compelled, I think, in that contingency, to
continue that support. And, sir, certainly this
Congress does not wish to adjourn and leave
that Government to be held up by bayonets
during another summer, and listen to the
euphonious criticism which would be poured
upon us from one end of this land to the
other.
I wish to say in this connection, as I have
already I think sufficiently said, that I do not
in the remarks I have made cast the slightest
blame upon the action of the President. I
have already said that the President could do
nothing other than what he has done, and that
if Congress shall adjourn without action the
President will have no choice in my opinion
but to continue his support of that Govern-
ment. But that is a condition of things we
do not desire.
Mr. President, the resolution reported by the
committee is important, and ought to be con-
sidered at oar earliest convenience. Yet this
is a matter that may be determined at the
extra session. Even conceding, which I do not,
that the proceeding technically falls with this
Congress; yet this is mere technicality. The
testimony has been taken, and would not need
to be retaken. The report has been made, and
need not be made again. The report and the
testimony are now of record in this body ; and
it only remains for the Senate to determine
what action they justify and call for. This is
the only permanent body of the Government.
With every Congress one third of its members
may be changed, but the Senate continues, and
in every Congress a majority of its members
must have been members of a preceding Con-
gress.
The consideration of this case will neces-
sarily take considerable time. It presents
questions which are unsettled and equal in
importance to any ever presented to this
body for determination ; questions which touch
the very foundation of the Government—the
rights of the States in the matter of electing
Senators. The case not only involves import-
ant legal questions, but questions of fact, to
determine which it will be necessary to ex-
amine two or three hundred printed pages
of testimony. But there is another reason,
if I may be pardoned for alluding to it, why
I think the Caldwell matter should go over.
We are in the hurry and excitement of an ex-
piring Congress. We are in session from
eleven o'clock in the morning until about mid-
night every night, and frequently later.
There are some other circumstances which
make this an unfavorable time for the exercise
of that dispassionate judicial judgment which
alone can do justice to Mr. Caldwell. The
atmosphere around this Capitol has been ren-
dered a little feverish on account of the inves-
tigations which have lately been proceeding,
and there is some anxiety that the Senate, too,
should sacrifice some victim; that the Senate
ought not to be behind other branches of the
Govern ment in the work of expurgatiou. And
if it shall happen that our hands be laid upon
the wrong man, that is only an incidental and
subordinate matter.
Now, Mr. President, if the Caldwell case
should go over until the December session;
if we should reflect upon it during the leisure
of vacation, while mingling with the people,
who are charitable to others because honest
themselves, and our temples be cooled with
the frosty breezes of autumn before we should
sit in judgment not only of a fellow-man but
of a fellow-Senator, I do not think the cause
of public justice would suffer; I do not think
the character of the Senate would be tarn-
ished, nor that the chances of a fair determin-
ation of Caldwell's case would be at all
diminished.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Wisconsin might have deferred
the argument in the Caldwell case until the
case was before the Senate. The question as
to whether the atmosphere is feverish, and as
to whether a victim is demanded, it seems to
me is not now properly before the Senate for
consideration.
The Senator says that there is a bill here
which mast be considered, a bill of vast im- j
portance. What is it for? The reeonstruc- :
tion of Louisiana, the overturning of the State i
government there, and the establishment of a i
new one by means of an election to be ordered
by Congress, and to be held under the aus-
pices of the President of the United States;
a bill that must receive the sanction of both
Houses; a bill that will be debated for weeks
before it can pass ; a bill involving such vast
considerations that I may be justified in saying
that that Senator knows it cannot be passed
through this body alone this session, to say
nothing of its passing through the House ;
and then why does he talk about the necessity
of taking up a bill that the Senator knows
cannot be passed this session?
Mr. CARPENTER. When the honorable
Senator assumes to say that I know this bill
cannot be passed, I desire to remind him that
he and other Senators, and with my humble
support, too, have passed bills quite as im-
portant as this by sitting a little late on the
morning after the first day when we entered
on the discussion, and the same thing can be
done again.
Mr. MORTON. No, Mr. President, neither
the Senator nor I have ever taken any part in the
passage of a bill of such importance that was
gotten through both Houses in such a length
of time. It is a reconstruction bill involving
more difficult questions than were ever in-
volved in any reconstruction bill in regard to
the insurrectionary States—questions more
difficult, and unlike in many respects any that
we have ever considered ; and yet the Senator
is holding out the idea that that bill can be
taken up and passed, with a view of prevent-
ing the consideration of other questions that
can and ought to be disposed of.
The Senator made a declaration that the
State .government of Louisiana is now being
sustained by Federal bayonets. No, sir; not
by a single 'bayonet. VVe know at one time
Federal bayonets were called in under the
order of a court; but they are not now there
for any purpose except as a small garrison
that has been there, taking no part whatever
and having nothing to do with the support of
the State government.
Mr. President, there is a State government
there in undisturbed operation this day in
every part of the State. That State govern-
ment will go on and run its course for the
next two years unless all its power is taken
away by Congress.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I submit whether the merits of the
Louisiana case or the Caldwell case are to be
argued on this motion. If we are to have a
discussion of the Louisiana case, I want to
have my fair share of the time. [Laughter.]
On the other case I have nothing to say, but
really if we are to do anything this session,
we must not go into this large discussion on
such motions as this.
Mr. MORTON. I think the criticism of
the Senator from Ohio is good. I only sug-
gest that if he had made it a little earlier,
while my friend from Wisconsin was discussing
the Louisiana case and the Caldwell case, it
would perhaps have been in better time.
state of louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I hope
after what has been said that it is not to
go without another word in regard to Louis-
iana. It seems to me that it would be very
unjust and very unfair that the remarks which
have fallen from the Senator from Wisconsin
and the Senator from Indiana should go forth
as the opinions of the Senate. While I en-
tirely concur with what the Senator from Wis-
consin has said as to the government in Louis-
iana being one of usurpation set up under
the auspices of a Federal court supported by
troops 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I have a right to
reply to these suggestions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
monds in the chair.) The Senator from Illi-
