1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
nois will suspend until the Senator from Ohio
states* the question of order.
Mr." SHERMAN. The remarks of the Sena-
tor from Illinois are plainly not in ortler on
the question to take up a bill. There is no
proposition to take up a bill pending now,
and this debate is riot- in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The pending
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] to the
agricultural college bill. It has been con-
stantly decided, the Chair believes 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then my colleague can
pitch in.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER. It has been
constantly decided that the pending question
being on an agriculture college bill, the Chair
cannot tell whether remarks of Senators relate
to that question or not. There is no rule that
confines debate to the point under considera-
tion ; therefore it is competent, as the Chair
believes as the rule stands, for a Senator to
address the Senate now upon any topic he
deems himself jusisified in speaking to.
Mr. THUR'MAN. Will my friend from
Illinois allow me to apologize to my friend
from Indiana for interrupting him. If I had
understood that the agricultural college bill
was' up, as I fully concur in what the Chair
has stated, I would have been the last person
to have interrupted him. I thought the motion
was to take up the Louisiana bill, and thai
that was pending. I beg pardon of my friend
from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state, in addition, that it has been determ-
ined in this body already that a Senator can-
not be called to order for irrelevancy in debate.
This was at the first session of the Forty-
Second Congress, and it has, as the Chair be-
lieves, been often decided. This was decided
on appeal from the decision of the Chair, and
the Chair therefore holds that the Senator
from Illinois is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The decision of the
Chair is unquestionably in accordance with
the uniform practice of the Senate. I am not
sure but that it is in orderto ascertain whether
we have States in the Union before we under-
take to appropriate money to build up col-
leges in the States.
But, Mr. President, I was commenting upon
the remarks which fell from the Senator from
Wisconsin, and saying that I entirely con-
curred with him in thestatement he had made
that a government had been set up in Louis-
iana through the .unauthorized interference,
as the Committee on Privileges a-nd Elections
unanimously agreed, of a district judge usurp-
ing authority and taking cognizance of a mat-
ter over which he had no jurisdiction. His
proceedings were; therefore, utterly void, as
agreed toby every one of the committee which
investigated this subject. Being utterly void,
they were entitled to the respect of nobody.
The order of a district judge is of no more
validity and entitled to no more respect when
he acts outside of his jurisdiction than the or-
der of any man upon the street. A constable
or a man without holding any office could have
issued an order which would have been just as
valid as the order of the district judge in
Louisiana', and I entirely concur in what is
said by the Senator from Wisconsin as to the
importance of action upon this- subject. There
is another reason why we should have some
action in reference to it which he did not state.
The two rival Legislatures in Louisiana
have elected Senators. Mr. McMillen was
elected by the McEnery Legislature, and claims
his seat here to-day. Mr. Ray was elected by
what is ^nown as the Kellogg Legislature,
and claims a seat here to-day. The State of
Louisiana is entitled to two representatives
upon this floor. She has but one. One of
the persons elected is, in my opinion, entitled
to a seat here. I know a majority of the com-
mittee think neither is entitled to a seat, and,
if the Senate so decides, then steps should be
taken so that Louisiana may put herself in
position to be represented here by some one.
It is due to the gentlemen who (claim the right
to sit here to fill out a term which will expire
on the 4th of March that some action should
be taken. I ask you, sir, and I ask Senators,
if they are prepared-to sit here and refuse to
act upon the credentials of Senators until the
time for which they were elected shall expire ?
In that respect the cases of the claimants from
Louisiana differ from the case off Mr. Cald-
well, of Kansas. His term does not expire
for some years, and although I think his case
should be acted upon at the present session,
still it may be acted upon at a subsequent
session. But the case® of the gentlemen claim-
ing seats from Louisiana can never receive the
attention of the Senate unless they receive it
at this session. They are sent here to fill out
the unexpired term of Mr. Kellogg, who has
resigned, and that term expires with the
present session of Congress; and can the
Senate afford to refuse action upon the claims
of gentlemen who present themselves with
proper credentials? It seems to me that the
•Senate is bound to act; that this is a question
of the highest, of the first privilege) and that
every other business should be laid'aside in
this body till it decides whether Ray or
McMillen is entitled to a seat in the Senate.
It ought to be taken up forthwith.
Then, sir, I entirely concur in that part of
what was said by the Senator from Wisconsin
urging speedy action, but I entirely dissent
from another portion of his remarks. He
condemns Judge Durell, and says that through
his illegal action a government has been set up
in Louisiana supported by.the United States
troops, and then draws the illogical deduction
that it was the duty of the President of the
United States to support by force of arms the
illegal action of the judge. Need I tell the
Senator from Wisconsin that a void order is
entitled to respect from nobody ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me a moment at that point?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The President of the
United States in the Executive Mansion in
Washington has some duties to perform that
must be performed by him personally, enough,
I have been told, to engross the greater part
of his time. It is impossible for him to be
at the same time in Maine, Louisiana, New
Mexico, California, Wisconsin, and at several
other places along the northern boundary
where Federal courts are sitting: If he is in-
formed b.y a telegram, as the President was in
this case, that a Federal court had rendered
a eertain decree which was about being re-
sisted, he has no other course left but to sus-
tain that decree. He is not a court of appeal.
It would be true^ and undoubtedly is true,
that such decree of a Federal court is no pro-
tection between the parties or anybody else;
but what else can the President do when he is
informed by a telegram that the decree of a
Federal court in Maine or in California is be-
ing resisted, except to order his marshal to
call on the posse, the troops as a posse if need
be, to enforce the judgment of the courts ? I
say the President did perfectly right. I say
the error was in the course pursued by Judge
Durell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unfortunately for the
Senator's argument and statements, the facts
do not bear him out. The President of the
United States, through his Attorney General,
sent a dispatch on the 3d day of December,
which appears iu the record, instructing the
United States marshal for the district of Louis-
iana to enforce any order or decree which the
United States courts should make. It was
before the decree was made that the order was
issued from here ; and let me say to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, it was issued without
any call for troops. The United States mar-
shal was questioned upon that point, and was
inquired of if any communication passed
between himself and the authorities at Wash-
ington othefc than those which were published
and brought to the notice of the committee,
and he said none ; and here you have an order
sent from the city of Washington on the 3d
day of December,, which was before Judge
Durell issued his order to seize the State house
and organize a Legislature, apd directing that
nobody should take part in the organization,
except such persons as were returned ,as mem-
bers by what was known as the Lynch board,
a board which the committee in their report,
drawn by tlie, Senator from Wisconsin, say had
been abolished by an act of the Legislature,
and had not a single official return before it.
It undertook to canvass returns without having
any returns to canvass. On forged affidavits,
hearsay, and newspaper reports, and verbal
statements, the Lynch returning board, con-
sisting of four men, without legal existence as
a returning board, got together, ah'd without
one official return or other legitimate evi-
dence before them, undertook to say who
should constitute the Legislature of Louisiana.
A United States district judge is found who
issues an order that nobody except the per-
sons said t'o have been elected by this pre-
tended board shall take part in the organiza-
tion of the Legislature; and to carry it out
he issues another order 'to seize the State
house; but in advaiiee of these orders of Judge
Durell an order went from here on the 3d of
December to the United States marshal to
execute the orders and decrees of this district
judge which had not then been made; but on
the 5th day of December, two days after this
order went from Washington, there arrived in
the city of New Orleans from Florida, Captain
Jackson with two batteries and eighty-six men;
and then between the hours of nine and eleven
o'clock at night, after the receipt of the order
from Washington directing the United States
marshal to enforce whatever decrees this judge
should make, and telling him that General
Emory would furnish all the forces that were
necessary to enforce them, this judge, at his
private apartments, in his lodging room, with-
out application from anybody, the solicitors of
the complainant not being before him, sends
out messengers to hunt them up, and when
brought to his private chamber he tells them
that he considers it his duty to issue an order
to seize the State house and enforce the other
orders that he had issued in regard' to the
organization' of the Legislature ; and in pursu-
ance of this illegal, unwarrantable, and void
order, the United States forces that had arrived
during that evening from Florida entered and
took possession of the State house at two
o'clock in the morning; and let me say to the
Senator from Wisconsin, held it for six weeks
under that order, which he ladmits Was utterly
void.
Now, sir, it is possible that the President,
when he directed this order to issue on the 3d
of December, might have supposed that no
such void order as this would have been issued;
but he knew it after it was issued. He was
informed of it from New Orleans. One hun-
dred of its best citizens appealed to him, and
told him that under the usurped authority of
a district judge the State house had been
seized, that Federal troops were helping to
execute this void order, and he was asked to
suspend further action until the facts could be
laid before him; and what was the reply to
these hundred citizens? The reply was: you
need not icome to Washington with your hun-
dred citizens; the President has made up his
mind to recognize the authority of those in-
stalled in power under the void order of a
United States district judge, and the sooner
you submit to it the better it will be for you.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
M«. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator states
that troops came from Florida to New Orleans.
