784:
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January. 22,
is a tendency in large degree of enterprising
men to go and occupy that Territory, I will be
in favo.r of admitting it as a State, and that,
too, whether it has sixty or eighty or a hun-
dred thousand people. I will not stop to con-
sider the mere question of the amount of popu-
lation.
One great business of the people of this
country-is to settle up and occupy the vacant
territory of the United States. There is noth-
ing in the public policy of the country which
has been more commendable and which has
given more glory and power to it than the pol-
icy long since adopted in inaugurating new
States in the great West, Emigration goes
out more readily to an organized State than it
does to it while in the condition of a Territory.
There are feelings of independence and of
power and of security, and also many induce-
ments connected with business, which lead peo-
ple to emigrate West to an organized State in
a much greater degree than to a Territory.
I am willing to adopt no general principle
in this matter of organizing States such as that
which, the two gentlemen from New York
[Mr. H. Roberts and Mr. Potter] desire
to have, established. They hold that we have
in oiir Government a defective form of organ-
ization, and that we should war against it
until it is changed or overthrown. It is this,
that we have a Senate of the United States
having a representation from the smaller
States equal to that from the great States. They
say that is a vicious system and should be
•warred against as a general principle, and
oppose generally the admission of new Stales.
Such an idea is repugnant to ray mind. 1 re-
gard our form of government, with the Senate
and House of Representatives constituted as
they are, as one conferring stability upon the
whole system. Butat.' this time and within the
limits of a few minutes I cannot discuss such a
question, Suffice it to say, that if the idea of
the gentlemen from New York is to.be carried
out we would merely have two Houses of Rep-
resentatives, If wealth and population and
territory and political powerare to be measured
in the Seriate as in the House of Representa-
tives, we would merely have a repetition of this
body in the other end of the Capitol. Those
balances and checks and rights by which it was
intended to secure some powers to the States
are now all reposing in the Senate. Political
power, say what you willj has, been constantly
tending into the hands of the Representatives
of the people. 1 Jhave no fear and apprehension
from. pieiBenale of the United States under
the prabejH organization of the Government.
That body is the great representative of State
poifrer here at the center, and I hope the time
never will come when that great barrier to the
aggressions which will be constantly made by
the overshadowing power of the central gov-
ernment will be broken down. The independ-
ence of the Senate of the United States, the
character of the men who represent the States
in that body, the dignity of the body, the calm
consideration they are enabled to give to all
questions, whether the members of the Senate
come from small States or large ones, has made
that the foremost deliberative body in the civil-
ized world. And, sir, 1 would be loth to adopt
any principle or give any tendency to legisla
tion that would look toward a breaking down
of that great conservative body or the power
that has been intrusted to it. I feel that this
power is not dangerous. Senators are, after
all, amenable to the people; they feel the in-
fluence of public sentiment; they must retire
from public life when they do wrong or disre-
gard the wishes of their constituents. I can
see nothing in this argument as to the Senate
that should cause us to hesitate a moment in
admitting Colorado. It is but a question of
time, and the sooner the better.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAFFE. 1 yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Faknswortu.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me too
late, Mr. Speaker, for us to take the back
track in reference to the admission of new
States. Our forefathers established a prece-
dent in organizing a government composed
partly of large and partly of small States.
They established a division of powers under
the Constitution. Since then, a great many
States have been admitted from time to time
with less population than was required to con-
stitute a constituency for a member of this
.House. A large number .of States have been
admitted with a very small population—smaller
than the present population of Colorado. Now,
I would agree with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter,] who made as able an
argument as can be made on the other side of
this question, if we were to centralize all the
powers of the States here in Washington in a
central government. If Congress is to do all
the legislation for the people of all the States,
then it is well to cease the admission of new
States till their population comes up to that
of the larger ones. But if we are to continue
to observe the forms of Government prescribed
by our fathers, if we are to continue in force
only the powers that have been conferred on
Congress with reference to legislation for the
Sitates, then it is safe to admit small States.
Mr. POTTER.' Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. POTTER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] really believe that
we are not going to centralize here in Congress
all the substantial powers of Government?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe we are not.
Mr. POTTER. I would be happy if I could
think so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I ask the gen
tleraan whether he desires such centralization?
Mr. POTTER. On the contrary, I should
extremely regret it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then let us not
legislate with any such anticipation.
Mr. POTTER. When I foresee an evil I
seek to provide against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is too late to do
that.
Mr. POTTER. It is never too late to strive
against the evils of the future.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But when it comes
to that, when we undertake to prevent a cen-
tralization of ail the powers of Government in
Congress, we must do something more than
cease to admit new States. We must under-
take a new division of oiir population among
the States. We must take away from Rhode
Island and Florida and Delaware and other
States with small population the power they
now have. We must so make our divisions
that all the States shall have an equal popula-
tion and equal power. But that is not our
system of government; and I for one am not
in favor now of making for Colorado this bed
which was not made for Illinois and other
States of this Union.
I think some States have been admitted
which ought not to have been. One State was
admitted during the war when we were very
anxious to get Stjates. W.e wanted the number
of States to.enable us to pass the constitutional
amendment. And probably one or two of
these States ought not to nav^.been admitted.
In the case of Colorado I nq reason why
it cannot be admitted as a State with a little
less population than we bow. require for a
member of Congress. It is not like a county
of the State of New York, to which the gen-
tleman from New York compared it the other
day, but it is a Territory twice  s large as New
York. We do not admit populations merely
as States. It is something else besides the
population which makes a State. It requires
population, but it also requires area. We
have area in the Territory, but the gentleman
would require population and nothing but
population, without regard to wealth or size.
Now, Colorado has area enough ; and no man
can doubt, unless he doubts his own judgment,
that Colorado will very speedily become a
populous State. ProbabLv, by the time she is
admitted and an enabling act has been passed,
she will have the requisite population for a
member of Congress.
- But Colorado represents something more
than the people who live within her borders.
A great many people in my. State, and in Mas-
sachusetts, and in other States, own property in
Colorado. They do not happen to. live there.
They live it) Chicago, and Boston, and New
York, and in other (.laces. They have in-
vested their money in Colorado. Colorado
represents those people, as well as those who
happen to reside there. Now, gentlemen who
have all their lives lived in the old States, and
in seaport towns, do not realize the difficulties
in the Territories.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
li&s 6xpirfid
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will allow me a few minutes longer.
Mr. TAFFE. I will yield more time to the
gentleman if he desires it. >
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr..Speaker, I say
the men who have lived all, their lives in the
old States do not realize the difficulties under
which the people of a Territory live. They
do not realize the difficulties and obstacles in
the way of progress in.,a. Territory. All the
officers of a Territory are appointed by the
Federal Government. The .Governors of our
Territories—very respectable men, undoubt-
edly—are usually taken from the old States,
and not from the Territories at all. Some
-ex-member of Congress, some politician who
served his party well, is appointed Governor
of the Territory of Colorado or some other
Territory Shortly after he gets to Colorado
he ceases to be of any importance to tbe polit-
ical party of which he was before a stanch
supporter, and he is removed and another >s
sent from one of the States, who in turn
becomes of no account to his party, and out
he goes and still another politician takes his
place. And so it is with the secretary of the
Territory and the surveyor general and all the
other territorial officers. Then the acts of the
territorial Legislature are all to pass in review
before Congress. We hold a veto on them.
After this Governor has exercised his power
of veto and bills are passed over his head,
then Congress can veto them. In some of
the Territories the veto of the Governor is
absolute, and no power is given to the Legis-
lature to pass a bill after this Governor who
has been imposed on the Territories has exer-
cised his veto power.
What harm can come by the admission of
Colorado ? Ii'er people are our people. They
have endured and faced the hardships of fron-
tier life. They have been there for years. They
are American citizens, filled with the same
devoted patriotism that fills our breasts. They
have gone there to dwell. There are in Col-
orado large agricultural and large mining re-
sources. Her population is swelling rapidly.
It has been developed now by railroad so it
is easy of access, and population from the dif-
ferent States is pouring in. What harm can
come of her admission? Does my friend from
New York think the admission of Colorado
will ov. rturn the Government? Is he afraid
of the two Senators from Colorado? It has
more population, to-day than some of the oider
States now represented upon this floor. What
harm can come of her admission ?. •
Mr. POTTER.- The harm of having the t.wo
Senators from the gentleman's great State
neutralized by the Senators from this hand-
ful of people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, are
two Senators from small Colorado to be more
corrupt than two Senators from large Colo-
rado ? I am not aware that the Senators of
the United States from the smaller States are
any mqre dangerous than the. Senators from
the large States.
Mr. POTTER. That is an argument, not
