1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
for the people to govern themselves, but for
somebody else to govern them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is an argument
right in the line of the Constitution of our
Government, which is made up of large States
and small.
Mr. POTTER. There I differ with the
gentleman. It was so constituted, but there
was no obligation to continue the admission
of new States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will a hundred
thousand people in the Territory of Colorado
be likely to send any better Senators to the
United States than the present population of
that Territory would do now? I say, no. I
have always looked upon my friend from New
York [Mr. Potter] as in sympathy with my-
self upon this doctrine of State rights.
Mr. POTTER. I believe I go quite as far in
that doctrine as any gentleman in this House.
I have always thought that I went a good deal
further in it than the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I go some distance
in it, too. Now the gentleman objects to the
admission of a new State, not because its ad-
mission will be detrimental to State rights,
but because the admission of new States will
prevent the consolidation of powers in the
General Government.
Mr. POTTER. No, sir; I object to such
admission because it tends to destroy the
rights of existing States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think not. I do
not think the admission of more States will
have the effect of destroying the rights of ex-
isting States. But, sir, on the other hand, if
you were to reduce the number of States of
this Union to six or ten, the effect of that
would be to destroy the rights of all the States.
If you were to turn all the smaller States out
of the Union to-day, leaving the power in the
large States, then you would destroy the power
of the existing States, and we would never get
any more States admitted into the Union.
It is too late, as I stated at the outset of my
remarks, for us to debate a new principle and
a new theory in this matter. It seems to me
that whenever Congress knows certainly that
a Territory possesses very nearly the requisite
population, and that its resources are such
that it will very probably soon become a pop-
ulous and thriving State, it is our duty to pur-
sue toward it the same policy as we have here-
tofore pursued with reference to the admis-
sion of these Territories. I am satisfied that
Colorado occupies that position; that it will
very soon become a populous State; that its
development is on the increase, and that its
growth is likely to be very rapid. It has
great wealth and great resources. I there-
fore can see no reason why I should not vote
for the admission of Colorado.
Mr. TAFFE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Killin-
ger.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr.
Taffe] if he proposes to call the previous
question to day ?
Mr. TAFFE. No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to say this 
Mr. KILUNGER. I cannot yield for in-
terruptions of this kind, to come out of my
time. .
I know of no good reason why, if any new
Territories are to be admitted as States, Colo-
rado should not be one of them. On the con-
trary, I think that Colorado is the best entitled
to admission of all the Territories that are now
applying or soon will apply, with the exception
of the Territory of Utah, so far as population,
wealth, and the extent of mining and agricul-
tural interests are concerned.
_ But I am not inclined to favor the admis-
sion of new States at this time, for a reason
not specially applicable to Colorado. I am
opposed to the admission of new States on j
the general principle that the election of Uni- |
42d Conk. 3d Sess.—No. 50.
ted States Senators, as now conducted, is made
by the Legislatures; and I shall resist for my
part the admission of a new State until the
United States Senators can be elected by the
people. That is the ground of my opposi-
tion to the admission of Colorado, and to
that of any other Territory. I believe that
public opinion demands that reform. There
is nothing more apparent and moie demoral-
izing in this country to-day than the contests
we have, especially in the distant southern
and western States, for the vacant seats in the
United States Senate.
We know, Mr. Speaker, that the reason for
that is that the Senate of the United States
to-day monopolizes the power of this Govern-
ment. It exercises most of the patronage of
this Government. It has rendered insignifi-
cant the House of Representatives. The ex-
ecutive department pays court to the Senate;
and in short, sir, we, who are the Representa-
tives of the people, who represent the sover-
eignty of the people, are to-day bound hand
and foot! No man can gainsay that. Jt is
the experience of all of us. The individual
members of the House know that fact, and
until that is rectified, and the election of Sen-
ators is remitted to the people, for one I shall
resist as long as I have a voice and a vote
here the admission of these new Territories as
States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these Territories are
growing, and we cannot resist their admission
on the grounds claimed by gentlemen from
the old States. They are prosperous ; they
will soon have the requisite population ; they
are increasing the taxable values of the coun-
try ; they are capable of self-government, and
cannot be kept out unless we violate the theory
of our Government, the letter and spirit of
the Constitution. But until this great reform
is brought about we can keep them out and
remit this question to the people. It is upon
that ground particularly that 1 resist the ad-
mission of Colorado at this time.
Now, there is no reason why Colorado should
come in and Utah be excluded. If we go
upon the principle of population and develop-
ment being represented, then Utah is in ad-
vance of Colorado, and all the Territories
which are growing in wealth and population
are entitled to share equally in representation
in this Government. But I object to the ad-
mission of all of them until the great con-
stitutional amendment is adopted, as it will be
in a year or two; I think Colorado can afford
to wait until Senators are elected at the ballot-
box, and are sot chosen by wealthy corpora-
tions, and by monopolies. My objection is to
men coming here as Senators who represent
no constituency, who have no people behind
them. A member of Congress every two years
is remitted to his constituents and has to meet
them at the ballot-box. A Senator has no
constituency. He is elected by the members
of the Legislature, who are the creatures of an
hour, who hold their seats for a year and are
then voted out of them in many cases. That
is the state of things, and large corporations,
especially in the western States and Territories,
control the Legislatures, and they are carried
in the pockets of one or two railroad kings.
But let a Senator of the United States be an-
swerable to his constituency. Let him have
to go to his constituents for indorsement, and
you will improve the character of the Senate
and the legislation of the country and come
back to the theory npon which we started.
The theory on which we started was that
the Senate should be an advisory body, but
now it is not an advisory body; it originates
legislation, and, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] well knows, even reve-
nue measures are originated in the Senate, and
we are forced at the end of the session to
swallow measures which are forced upon us
by members from pocket boroughs in the
western country, representing not the voting
people, but rather those who control the petty
Legislatures in the new States and Territories.
And this remark applies as well to some of
the southern States as to western States.
That is my objection to the admission of
Colorado as a State. We should lay the ax
at the root of the evil, and you cannot do that
in any other way until you get a constitutional
amendment providing for the election of
United States Senators by the people. I hope
Congress will see the force of the demand for
such an amendment, as I know the people do,
and that we shall resist the admission of new
States until we get Senators who, like our-
selves, are amenable to the sovereign people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past one
has arrived, and the House will proceed to the
consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce, by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] on yesterday.
british and american claims commission.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league [Mr. Shellabarger] to yield to me to
report a bill from the Committee on Appro-
priations for immediate consideration.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If it shall not
take up too much time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Ap-
propriations a bill (EL R. No. 3617) to defray
the expenses of the American and British
claims commission ; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read the third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates
$113,500 to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, to defray the expenses on the part of
the United States mixed commission on Ameri-
can and British claims, appoiuted under the
twelfth article of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, signed May 8, 1871.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call attention
to the following documents, which will give
the reasons for passing this bill at the present
time:
Department op State,
Washington, December 10,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to invite your attention to
the inclosed copies of two letters dated December 9,
one from the agent on the part of the United States
before the American and British claims commis-
sion, and the other from the secretary of the com-
mission, in relation to the amount of money the
commission deem necessary to complete the service
of the present fiscal ye*r, ending June 30,1873.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. James A. G-arfield, Chairman Committee-on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Office Agent of the United States
before the mlxed commission
ox American and British Claims,
No. 703 Fifteenth street,
Washington, D. C., December 9,1872.
Sir: I have to-day carefully gone over the
estimates by Mr. Cox, secretary of the commission,
for deficiences necessary to be appropriated for the
running of this commission for the present fiscal
year, amounting to $113,500, and beg to express my
entire approval of the estimates submitted by him,
and the statement of my conviction that the same
will be necessary to the carrying on the work of the
commission to 1st July next.
The largest item of deficiency here is for expenses
of counsel, &c., in taking testimony under my own
personal charge. This amount was originally esti-
mated by me at $12,500; but very shortly after sub-
mitting that estimate in November, 1871, I sub-
mitted estimate of additional amount requisite,
$25,000. The latter amount only ($25,000) hasr been,
drawn by me and fully expended.
There is now due to counsel, commissioners,and
for contingent expenses of taking such testimony'
nearly $25,000 in addition t and I have no reason to
apprehend that I shall get through the year to the
1st of July witli less than the additional amount now
asked for.
The amount of testimony taken on the part of
claimants is enormous, scattered all ovor this coun-
try, Mexico, the British provinces, and Great Britain. (
The testimony on the part of the United States is
in large part yet to be taken, and will involve even
a heavier proportionate expense than the attend-,
ance upon that taken by the claimants, which has.
so far involved much the larger part of the expense'
already accrued.
Our half of the expense of printing was estimated
