1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1745
Can he inform me at what time the troops in
Florida received orders to go to New Or-
leans?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot state the date
of the order, but they received orders in time,
as Captain Jackson testified,' to arrive in New
Orleans on the 5th of December, the very time
when this order was made by this usurping
judge. Now, sir, it might be possible that the
President of the United States iu the multi-
plicity of his duties, as the Senator from Wis-
consin says, might not have supposed it possi-
ble thatthis district judge would have issued
such an order as he did; but when he was in-
formed of it he continued to hold that State
house by military force for more than six weeks;
and let me say to the Senator from Indiana who
says that this usurping Legislature and Sta'e
government of Louisiana is not supported by
federal troops to day, he is entirely mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no, I am not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is entirely mistaken.
The troops are still within supporting distance.
It is true they no longer hold the State house.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Illinois yield to the Senator from Wisconsin?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is merely for a
word not to make a speech.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is for two or three
words in aid of your point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I will hear
the statement if it is not too long.
Mr. CARPENTER. It will be very short,
and I want to apologize for doing it in the
first place by saying that the Senator from Illi-
nois on this subject is just half right. When
he is entirely right he is referring to me all the
time, as though I was opposing him in the
position in which he is right, while he is en-
tirely silent on that branch of the subject where
he is wholly wrong. This is in the department
of his argument where he is entirely right.
The testimony before us, the opinion ot all
men expressed was that if the troops were
withdrawn and the Federal support withdrawn
from the Kellogg government it could not
stand ten days.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is merely for a
statement, but I do not wish to give way for a
speech.
Mr. MORTON. I said the State govern-
ment of Louisiana was not no>v supported by
a bayonet. The Senator says that the troops
are there within supporting distance. Sir, they
have got to be somewhere ; they have got to
have a local habitation somewhere in the coun- j
try. They are within supporting distance j
from the city of Washington, not a mile from !
this capital ; but will it be said on that ground
that they are sustaining this Government? I|
say that they are in no wise meddling with or i
sustaining the State government of Louisiana j
to-day. A very small detachment is m the j
city of New Orleans, and they have as much !
right to be there as anywhere. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not complaining J
that a portion of the troops are in ><ew Or- ,
leans; but troops were brought there for the :
purpose of enforcing these illegal orders ; and 1
let us see now whether they are there for any j
purpose or not. Here are the very words of the
dispatch to which I referred a moment ago,
and I wish to be entirely accurate in my state-
ments. Appeals were made to the President
by the cituens of New Orleans and Governor
McKnery, couched in the most respectful terms,
reading as follows:
NkW OrLEASS. D<" '-flihcr 12, IST2.
Sir: As chairman of a committor of ouizt'ns ap-
point) d under authority of a mass meeting re-
cently held iu the city, I tun instructed to inform
you that .*atd committee is about leaving here for
Wai-'hmiUori to !;<y before yoti and the Conero^s of
the Umteii States the facts of the political difficul-
ties at (ip.vvnt cxistuis,' in tins .State, and further,
earnestly to rrcjilc.-i y,.u to .ii'i.iy executive action
in the until ul'tur the arrival and hearing
COXtf. 1)1) Se&5.— Ni>. 110.
of said committee, which is composed of business and
professional men without regard to past political
affiliations. THOMAS A. ADAMS,
His Excellency TT. S. Grant, Chaii man.
President of the United States.
New Oeleaxs. December 12,1872.
His Excellency U. S. Gbant,
President United IStates:
Claiming to be Governor-elect of this State, I beg
you, in the name of all justice, to suspend recogni-
tion of either ofthe dual governments now in oper-
ation here until _ there can be laid before you all
facts, and both sides, touching legitimacy of either
government. The people denying the legitimacy of
Pinchback government, and its Legislature, simply
ask to be heard, through committee of many of our
best citizens on eve ofdeparture for Washington,
before you recognize tbe one or the other of said
governments. I do not believe we will be condemned
before we are fully heard.
JNO. McENERY.
Here is the reply :
Depaktmext of Justice,
December 13,1872.
Hon. John McEnery, New Orleans, Louisiana."
Yourvisitwith a hundred citizens will be unavail-
ing so far as the President is concerned. His decis-
ion is made and will not be changed, and the sooner
it is aeauiesced in the sooner good order and peace
will be restored.
GEO. H. WILLIAMS,
Attorney General.
Now let me read another dispatch:
Washington, December 14,1872.
General W. H. Emokt, U. S. A.,
Commanding Ne>>: Orleans, Louisiana :
You may use all nece^ary force to preserve the
peace, and wii 1 recognize the authority of Governor
Pinchback.
By order of the President:
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
These were the answers returned to the
respectful appeals of the people of Louisiana
to be heard.
Have these orders ever been reversed?
Have they ever been countermanded ? I know
that the troops that took possession of the
Mechanics' Institute, the building used as a
State-house, at two o'clock on the morning of
December 6, and the two soldiers stationed
with crossed bayonets at the only entrance to
the building, and ordered to obey the United
States marshal and aliow no one to take part
in the organization of the Legislature except
those returned as elected by the Lynch board—
I know that those troops have left the State-
house ; they left it after remaining there some
six weeks; but they are in New Orleans still
under orders to uphold Governor Pinchback,
or Governor Kellogg, who succeeded him.
Sir, there never was a more monstrous ease
of usurpation than the setting up of this Pinch-
back government. The history of it is start-
ling. And what did it do? It convened on
the 9th day of December in pursuance of a
oroclamation issued by Governor Warmoth,
the admitted Governor of the State at the
time, who had called the Legislature together
iu extra session. When the day arrived these
soldiers stood at the State-house door guard-
ing it; the United States marshal was there
under orders to allow nobody to take part in
the Legislature except those returned bv the
Lynch board, who had never had an official
return before them. The person? thus desig-
nated by Lynch and his associates assembled
together, and claiming to be a Legislature,
within the space of five hours, in violation of
the statutes of Louisiana, without trial and
without preferring articles, declared Governor
Warmoth impeached and suspended from
office, and installed Pinchback as Governor in
his place, and in all this they weie backed up
by the hayone's of the Cn'ted States.
And now the Senator from Indiana says.
"Oh, the troops are withdrawn.'' Sir. the
testimony showed that ;his Kellogg govern-
ment could not stand ten days it' it were not
for the support of the troops. These forces
were not brought to New Orleans, let trie tell
the Senator from Indiana, to keep she peace,
j they were not there to suppress ri.-t-': they
j were there simply to hold the State-house in
order that usurpers might take control of the
State. Captain Jackson stated that his under-
standing was that he was to occupy and hold
the State-house subject to the orders of the
marshal. One of my collegues on the com-
mittee inquired of him, "Suppose a riot had
occured in front of the building, what would
you have done?" He replied, "I should not
have interfered."
The Senator from Indiana tells us there is a
government in Louisiana, that everything is
lovely there, and there is no need of action;
that Louisiana has a Legislature, an Execu-
tive, and a judiciary. Yes, sir, there is a gov-
ernment there, a government set up, as he
admits, by the unwarranted interference of
this Federal judge, supported by troops of the
United States.
The United States Government unlawfully
interferes to set up a usurping State govern-
ment, and then he says: "Let it alone; the
Federal Government has no authority to inter-
fere with the government of a State." Oh,
no ; we have no authority now to interfere when
you have interfered and set up a usurping
government. I think it is time that the Con-
gress of the United States called off the Fed-
eral troops and the Federal judge from this
unwarranted interference. I think it is time
that the Army of the United States understood
that it was no part of their duty to execute the
void orders of a judge acting without jurisdic-
tion.
This is not an ordinary ease of a United
States judge acting without jurisdiction. Judge
Durell assumed to act in a case where an
United States judge could not in any conceiv-
able'case have jurisdiction; and I call upon
the Senator from Indiana to name a case, if
he can, where by possibility a United States
judge could have authority to seize a State-
house and direct who should compose the
Legislature of a State. If there be no such
conceivable case where such jurisdiction could
be exercised, it was the duty of the President
of the United States, even if he had been
called upon to furnish military aid, to have
withheld it. Why, Mr. President, you or I
would not have been justified in assisting that
marshal. Suppose we had been in New Or-
leans, and the marshal had called upon us to
aid him in the execution of that void order,
and we had been resisted, as we properly might
have been, would it have been any protection
to us that we were acting under an order which
was void? None whatever, and much less is
such an order a protection to the Attorney
General of the United States in giving the
order to call for troops to enforce it.
The Senator from Indiana speaks of a State
government in Louisiana, and he says it is a
State government sustained by the courts of
the State at the present time. In what man-
ner? Let us refer for a moment to the his-
tory of this transaction by which judicial de-
cisions were obtained in favor of this usurp-
ing State government. I have already adverted
to the fact that within five hours after its
organization this pretended Legislature im-
peached and suspended the Governor of the
State. It never did convict him, and the pro-
ceedings were discontinued some time since.
Under the constitution of Louisiana it seems
that the authority exists to suspend an officer
against whom articles of impeachment are
preferred. But in order to do that the statute
of Louisiana requires that articles be pre-
pared, notice given, and an examination had
bv a committee. None of these things were
done, but Governor Warmoth was suspended
by a simple resolution, and immediately Pinch-
back was inaugurated in his place.
As soon as this is done, what does Pinch-
hack do ? The Lynch board, as it is called,
consisted of Lynch, Longstreet, Hawkins, and
Herron. As soon as Pinchback was in-
stalled Governor under this usurped authori'v,
he appoint Longstreet to a valuable o&c,
and of course the senate which was counted
