1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
in by Longstreet confirms him. Ho appoints
Herron to a valuable office, and of course the
senate which Herron helped to count in con-
firms him. He appoints Hawkins to a valuable
office, and of course Hawkins, who had helped
to make the senate, is confirmed by the sen-
ate. He appoints the son of Lynch—not
Lynch himself—to a valuable office. This
pretended Legislature repeals the law estab-
lishing certain courts in Louisiana, and estab-
lishes another to which is given exclusive jur-
isdiction of all questions relating to the right
to hold office, and Pmchback appoints Hawk-
ins its judge. This pretended Legislature then
proceed to pass another law entitled "An
act to regulate proceedings in contestation
between persons claiming a judicial office,"
and let me read one or two provisions of it:
"This act provides that, if the incumbent shall
refuse to vacate the office, the person 4 so commis-
sioned shall have the right to proceed by rule.'' *
* * * "Such rule shall be taken contra-
dictorily with such incumbent, and shall be made
returnable within twenty-four hours, and shall be
tried immediately, without jury, and by preference
over all other matters or causes depending in such
court, and the judgment thereon shall be signed the
same day of rendition.
" * That either party t,o such rule may take an ap-
peal from the judgment thereon, but such an appeal
shall be applied for within one legal day from the
rendition of the judgment on such rule, and shall
bemade returnable to the supremo court within two
days.
"'The appeal shall be taken up in the supreme
court by preference over all other cases, immediately
on the application of either party, and the judgment
thereon shall become final after the expiration of
one legal day, whether judicial or not.'"
Well do the committee remark, in comment-
ing upon this stature:
" Whatever else may be baid of this law, it cannot
be said that it was intended to delay the administra-
tion of justice/'
It was under that law that proceedings were
instituted before this man Hawkins; and how
do you suppose he decided? Would you sup-
pose that Hawkins, who had been made a judge
by the action of this Legislature and by Pinch-
back, would decide that Pmchback and this
Legislature had not a right to make him judge ?
That would have turned him out of office, which
would have been very absurd. Of course he
decided that everybody appointed by Pinch-
back and this Legislature was legally appointed.
He had helped to make this Legislature, and
Pinchback Governor, and they had made him
judge. That is the character of this proceed-
ing which is set upas the decision of the court
of Louisiana sustaining this State government.
It was in a case appealed from this very judge
that a majority of the supreme court expressed
their opinions as to the validity of the acts of
Pinchback and the pretended Legislature. 0 °
course they had no jurisdiction of those ques-
tions in an action between two individuals.
They acted entirely outsideof'their jurisdiction
when they undertook to say what was the legal
Legislature of Louisiana, or who composed
it. But, sir, they knew the fate that awaited
them if they failed to uphold the Pinchback
government. If they had done otherwise how
long do you think it would have taken this
pretended Legislature to have suspended them
just as Warrnoth was suspended, and then
there would have been established a supreme
court that would have decided in accordance
with the wishes of the pretended Legislature
because it would have been a court created by
them. But it was not necessary to change
the judges of the supreme court, because they
gave notice in advance that they were in sym-
pathy witti this Legislature, and the collector
of the port of New Orleans, Mr. Casey, tele-
graphed to the President long before these
proceedings in court were instituted that the
supreme court was known to be in sympathy
with (he Legislature. So the Federal Govern-
ment were informed in advance what the posi-
tion of the supreme court was, and doubtless
that saved those judges from impeachment
and suspension after the manner in which
Wr.rmoth was impeached and suspended.
Mr. THURMXN. Will my friend allow me ,
to call his attention to one matter in that con-
nection contained in a paper handed to me by
a citizen of Louisiana, and I believe the state-
ment to be correct?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The three judges of the
supreme court who concurred in recognizing
the validity of the Pinchback government were
Chief Justice Ludeling, Justice Howell, and
Mr. Justice Talliaferro. Since Mr. Kellogg
has assumed to be Governor of that State, he
has appointed Oscar Howell, a brother of Mr.
Justice Howell, to be tax collector for the
parish of East Feliciana, an office worth from
ten to fifteen thousand dollars per annum. He
has appointed Mr. Drinkgrave, a nephew of
Chief Justice Ludeling, to be tax collector for
the parish of Madison, an office worth from
twelye to fifteen thousand dollars a year, and
Mr. Alexander, a grandson of Judge Talliaferro
of the supreme court, is one of the senators
declared to be elected by the Lynch board, and
his seat depended upon that decision of that
court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember
whether all those facts came out in the evi-
dence.
Mr. MORTON- None of them?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They may be true, and
doubtless are.
It was not my purpose to go fully into this
Louisiana question on the present occasion;
it was brought unexpectedly to the notice of
the Senate; and what I have said has been
rather to give a general outline of what the
case was than with a view of entering elabo-
rately into the questions involved. My opin-
ions as to the proper remedy are expressed
in the minority report which I submitted to
the Senate. 1 there insisted, as in fact the
majority of the committee have reported, that
the McEnery government was the legal State
government, and that it was the duty of Con-
gress to recognize its existence by admitting
to his seat in the Senate the gentleman whom
they have chosen to represent the State of
Louisiana. I believe that would settle the
whole difficulty, because, although the Kel-
logg government has now been de facto in
operation for more than two months, supported
by Federal troops, it yet does not have the
support of the people in Louisiana, and could
not stand a week, or ten days, as the commit-
tee express it, if it were not backed up by Fed-
eral authority. Withdraw that authority and
and recognize the legal State government
which was elected by the people, and I think
Louisiana will take care of itself.
As to our power to order a new election in
Louisiana there is diversity of opinion. I
do not propose to go into that branch of the
subject this morning. According to the testi-
mony before the committee, the election in
Louisiana was substantially a fair one. More
votes were polled by twenty thousand than
ever before at any previous election. The
election _ was confessedly peaceable, and un-
fairness is only charged on reports from com-
paratively a small portion of the State. The
chairman of the Republican State committee,
an active partisan, the United States marshal
for that district, who had under him more
than six hundred special deputies to super-
intend the election in New Orleans alone, and
from one to four special deputies in every
parish in the State, testified that there were
only seven of the fifty-six parishes in the State
in which he regarded the election as grossly
unfair, though he had heard reports of unfair-
ness from some ten or fifteen others. In the
rest of the State, in his opinion, the election
was as fair as ordinary State elections. The
city of New Orleans aloue contains about one
third of the voting population of the State,
and there the election is admitted upon all
sides to have been fair and free. It is only in
seven of the outside parishes that the chair-
mati of the Republican State executive com-
mittee complained of gross frauds ; but the
testimony utterly fails to prove these frauds
were in the seven parishes, saying nothing
about the ten or fifteen others. The official
returns of the election were before the com-
mittee, and we had the sworn testimony of
witnesses who examined them thoroughly,
showing that according to those official returns
McEnery and his associate on the State ticket
were elected by an average majority of ten
thousand. And a majority of those elected to
each branch of the Legislature, according to
these same official returns, are now acting in
the McEnery Legislature.
With these facts before us I cannot see how
it is that the Senate can consent to postpone
this matter, leaving confessed usurpers to ex-
ercise authority in a State where they have
been set up by Federal authority ; and, above
all, I cannot see how the Senator from Wis-
consin can come to the illogical conclusion
that it is the duty of the President of the
United States to support with troops a govern-
ment in a State which we all agree was set
up in consequence of the usurpation of a Fed-
eral judge, and which the Senator himself ad-
mits would not exist ten days if unsupported
by Federal authority.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, when I
interrupted the Senator from Indiana it was
not because I was opposed to a discussion of
the Louisiana case. I interrupted him because
I though he was out of order. Just having
come into the Senate, I thought from what,
was being said that the question before the
Senate was whether they would proceed to the
consideration of what is known as the Caldwell
case, and on a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of that, I did not suppose his re-
marks were in order. I quite concur with the
Ghair since I have found that the agricultural
college bill was before the Senate that the
Senator was not out of order, and for one I
am very glad that the discussion has taken place,
and I feel very much obliged indeed to the
Senator from Illinois for the very clear and
powerful speech that he has just made.
But, Mr. President, while that is so, and
while I believe that this Congress ought to
take the Louisiana case up, and while with my
present lights I think it will be a crying shame,
nay, an outrage, for this Congress to adjourn
without considering it, and while I think we
are bound by every principle of law and of
justice to recognize the McEnery government
by resolution of Congress—while those are
my conclusions, still the immediate question
before the Senate is what shall be the order of
business in the Senate for the remaining five
days of this session, for there are but five days
remaining of this session.
Mr. President, are we to do anything at this
Session or not? That is the question. There
are four appropriation bills yet undisposed of,
as I understand from the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations. I think they
should be taken up first and disposed of.
Then there is the printing bill. I think if
that can _ be passed without any lengthy de-
bate—if it can be disposed of in say an hour,
and I think that is all the time we ought to
deyote to it—that bill should be disposed of,
and then I think the Louisiana case should
be taken up.
I hope, sir, that as the majority have not
decided upon the order of business, as the
bottom has fallen out of the caucus, and as
they have had the kindness to remit it to the
Senate and allow us to have our opinion 
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator precisely at that point. I ask him
whether it is quite senatorial to reveal the
secrets pf the Republican caucus? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Why no, sir. Iknowitis
vpry unsenatorial, if I may coin a word, but
then the secrets have been revealed, and there
have been very great complaints on this floor
in a covert way that members do not stand up
tc> the. decrees of the caucus.
