1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
can specify the time when he will do so. The
rules authorize him so to do.
Mr. COX. It is an extraordinary ruling.
The SPEAKER. To be sure it is extra-
ordinary, but it has been the ruling of the
House for eighty years. [Laughter.] The
gentleman from Ohio will be heard.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. L ask that the
previous question be considered as ordered
by unanimous consent after two hours have
been devoted to debate.
The SPEAKER. The uniform ruling in
the House has been when a gentleman has
charge of a bill that he may indicate the time
when lie will test the sense of the House by
demanding the previous question, and that is
the only extraordinary ruling involved in the
present decision of the Chair. The gentleman
from Ohio now proposes to give two hours to
debate, at the end of which time the previous
question is to be considered as ordered.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I make thatprop-
osition provided it is considered as ordered at
the end of two hours. If that cannot be done
now 1 must adhere to my first understanding,
that the previous question shall be considered
as ordered at the expiration of au hour and a
half.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will observe that no arrangement required by
unanimous consent can be made. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] objects, as
does the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to get
unanimous consent to ordering the previous
question after two hours of debate. -
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] objects.
Mr. COX. I am willing to consent, so far
as I am concerned, if we can have a vote on
my amendment.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. To make a short
day's work, I move the House do now adjourn,
and give gentlemen leave to print. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to gentlemen that it would be better not to
expend the first hour in trying to see what
they will do the second. Some arrangement
had better be arrived at.
Mr. COX. I call the regular order "on the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York demands the regular order of business.
If the gentleman from Ohio can get an arrange-
ment he will be glad to recognize it; if not the
Chair will recognize some gentleman to oppose
the bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will make
another proposition, that at the end of an
hour and a half, that hour and a half to be
given to the opponents of this bill, the pre-
vious question shall be considered as ordered.
Mr. COX. I am not aware under our rules
any gentleman can hold control of the floor for
an'hour and half; and besides the rules allow
an hour to each member, and I do not see how
they can be cut down to half an hour each.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done except
by unanimous consent, and the gentlemen who
take the floor after that unanimous consent
will take it agreeingto the conditions.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will make still
one more effort, and propose that at the end
of two hours the previous question shall be
considered as ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman can
make the proposition himself at the end of
two hours, and move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. KKRR and Mr. COX objected.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will then yield
the Hoot.
Mr. POTTER addressed the House. [His
speech Will be found ill the Appendix.]
Mr. KKRR. Mi. Speaker, until the other
J-iy, 1 say hi all sincerity to this House, I did
not really believe that this bill would be
seriously pressed for enactment in its present
form. I thought it impossible it could find
favor or support. I believed it was a sort of
legislative chimera, which had been conceived
in order to test the capacity of the House to
receive a surprise. I supposed that, in its pro-
visions, and its general scope and purposes,
it was so extraordinary, so unparalleled in our
history, and was so unwarranted by the Con-
stitution, that there were very few men in this
House who would even take the time for its
deliberate and careful consideration ; and if I
may be allowed, with all respect to the House,
I want now to say that I do not believe one
third of the gentlemen in this House have care-
fully read this bill. If they have, and have
mastered its remarkable provisions, and have
comprehended its aims and results, I am sure
its fate is already fixed in their minds, and
that it will not long survive as a pending
proposition for legislation. It is impossible
that such a measure can endure the test of
full and faithful analysis and discussion, and
still succeed.
I wish gentlemen to give me their attention
while I state as briefly as possible what are the
most material propositions contained in this
bill; and I will proceed at once to do so by
reference to the sections. In the first place, it
proposes what in my judgment is an embryo
department of the Government, great and
powerful in its proposed influence, scope, and
functions, and pervading our entire country
and our external commerce. It is true this
bill gives it the less exalted name of "board
of commissioners of commerce:" but it is to
consist of the Secretaries of War, of the
Treasury, of the Navy, of the Interior, the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney Gen-
eral. Enact this law and create this board-
of commissioners now, with the powers pro-
posed to be invested in them by this bill, and
as certainly, in my judgment, as the sun
shines, in the very early future, within a few
years, these gentlemen will retire, and another
head of a department, with these new and
extraordinary and hitherto untried powers,will
be created. Open this door, inaugurate this
new policy, establish this extended field of
Federal jurisdiction, and its duties, claims of
power, and subjects for control and regula-
tion will multiply apace, will soon become too
great for the mastery of this board, in connec-
tion with the onerous duties of its members in
their respective Departments. Then another
great department will be organized. This bill
creates several new and expensive offices, and
will inevitably lead, if enacted, to the creation
of hundreds of others.
What are these powers? I hope gentlemen
will listen while I read this much at least:
The powers and duties of the board, subject to
the constitutional control of the President in the
premises, shall be to prepare and execute, and to
cause to be enforced, all contracts in which the Gov-
ernment of the United States is interested, and
which may be authorized by law to be made in aid
of the foreign or domestic commerce of the United
States; to see to the due execution and enforcement
of all contracts made for the promotion of com-
merce, and to the faithful performance of their du-
ties by all officers having duties to discharge in aid
of commerce, including officers having charge of the
interests of immigrants and American seamen.
Mr. Speaker, can any gentleman imagine
the creation of a department of this Govern-
ment with more important, undefined, dan-
gerous, or novel powers? They embrace the
control and regulation, in most vital respects,
of foreign commerce, of interstate and internal
commercc, and of immigrants and Ameri-
can seamen. All these powers that are not
now exercised without difficulty by other De-
partments and officers of the Government, are
entirely new and original, and are now granted
for the first time in our history. They are
couched in gpneral and loose terms, and capa-
ble of boundless abuse. They may be held
by construction to include in most important
ways and respects the regulation of commerce
by river steamboats and by railroads and by
canals. Indeed, the unconcealed purpose of
this grant of power i8 to reach out after all
these great powers of control.
Need I say what I have so often said in this
House, that in my judgment the creation of a
body of this kind with such powers is utterly
unwarranted by the Constitution? I trust that
in saying this I will not at least excite the
contempt of the House. I am sure that many,
times contempt is excited here by mere refer-
ences to the Constitution. I hope at least to
avoid that undesirable result to day.
But, Mr. Speaker, what are some of the
powers that are more specifically conferred
upon this great department? They relate to
many subjects, and invest the board with such
large discretion, and will require from it so
many rules and regulations, and of such com-
prehensive nature, that many of them will
amount in result, dignity, and legal effect to
actual laws of the land, the enactment of which
belongs to Congress. They will of necessity
far transcend the appropriate limits of mere
control and regulation. It amounts to a grant
by Congress to this new department of the
power of legislation in many most important
respects.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman that the bill he read from
and the part of it which he read provides that
the board of trade could make no contract
except as was authorized to be made by law.
The gentleman will find that in the tweuty-first
line of the bill.
Mr. KERR. It is nowhere so stated or
limited in this bill in terms. It is matter of
construction alone.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
himself has read it.
Mr. KERR. I read no such limitation in
specific terms in this bill. Ami 1 repeat to
the honorable gentleman from Ohio that it is
not a correct'construction even; you cannot
find it there. It does not say that the powers
of this board over existing officers, or over sub-
ject-matter therein named, shall be confined
to the provisions of existing laws, or be lim-
ited and restrained by the laws of the United
States on those subjects. But my remarks
touching the extensive powers proposed to be
given to this board must not be limited to the
language of section one of this bill. I refer
in my general statements toall the powers con-
ferred by all the sections of the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are the powers
more specifically granted to this board ? They
may authorize at least six lines of steamers
between American ports aud various foreign
ports described in the section. But they may
also create other lines without limitation as to
number, place, aud destination. 1 ask the
House to notice that grant of power. Then,
by other sections, this board is given power to
contract for the construction of all these steam-
ers, to prescribe their shape and material,
their capacity and nautical construction, and
all that, which, I say. in practical and legal
effect amounts to a power of legislation, the
functions of this board are so extensive and im-
portant in their influence upon the safety of the
Treasury and the expenditure of public money
and the conduct of the Government. I will
now read only section two at this point. It is
as follows :
Skc. 2. Xhat in making provisions for, and enter-
ing into, any contract for tho payment of any bounty
by the United States which is authorized by this act,
the board of commissioners of commerce shall pro-
vide that at least one line of iron steamships, of tbo
quality and description provided for by the fifth sec-
tion of this act. shall be established between some
port or ports of the United States and one or more
of the principal ports^ of Great .Britain, and alio ot
one or more of the principal ports of the continent
of Europe. Said board shall also provide that at
least one line of vessels, of the description author-
ized by this act, as the said board shall decide, but
to be ot first class of their kind, shall be established
between Xew "fork city and some principal port or
ports in the West India islands and in the republic
of Mexico; and also for a line of similardeseription
of vessels with the last named between aew Orleans
