1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to give the
Senator notice that, so far as my vote goes.in
a Republican caucus, hereafter he will be ex-
cluded. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Very well, sir; I will
take the notice; but not to waste time in
trifles, since the order of business has not
been determined, and since it is remitted to
the Senate to determine it. it will not be im-
proper for us to make our suggestions, and I
i herefore do suggest that we ought to lay aside
this agricultural college bill and take up the
appropriation biil.s and attend to nothing else
but them until we get through with them, and
then take up this Louisiana ease.
It. will be said that that, will postpone the con-
sideration of the Caldwell case. I think it will;
but suppose it does postpone the consideration
of the Caldwell case until the executive session.
I quite concur with the Senator from Wisconsin
. hat that can be considered at the executive ses-
sion jast a, well as now. I have been looking
into the rules, and there is nothing at all in the
rules that makes the report of the committee
on the Caldwell case fall with this session.
The Senate is a continuous body; and in re-
spect to a question touching the election of
one ot its members a report made by one ses-
sion is good at every session. It does not fall
at all. Ihe resolution reported does not even
luii; and if it did, there is the report remain-
ing, and all tb;i.t it would be necessary to do
would be to offer another resolution. Bat I
take it that this resolution does not fall.
Now, sir, these are both very important
matters, but as between the importance of the
Caldwell case and the importance of the Lou-
isanaet.se. there is no comparison The one
question is what shah he the government of a
htate, and the o:her is simply who is entitled
to a seat on this floor, or rather whether a par-
ticular individual is entitled to a seat on this
floor, ihe one is a question of great public
concern ; the other is a question of public con-
cern in one sense, but in another sense it is a
question of private right. As between the two
1 repeat that the Louisiana case far transcends
m importance the question of Mr. Caldwell's
right to a seat on this floor.
Besides, as I said before, the Louisiana
case cannot be considered at the executive
session, but the right of a member to a seat on
this floor can be considered at any time. He
has no right to a seat in executive session un- i
less he is duly elected; and as the Senate is
the sole judge of the election, return, and
qualification ot its members, that question can
be tried at any session of the Senate, whether
H be executive or whether it be legislative.
I think, therefore, sir, that the Caldwell
case, if it be absolutely necessary, can well go
over to the executive session, and there will
be no delay nor slinking by the Senate of the
painful duty which rests upon it in that cp.se
if it should go over to the executive session.
Indeed, sir, as between that and the other
cases of investigation that are before commit-
tees of this Senate and which relate to mem-
bers whose term will expire on the 3d day of
March next, if the Senate is to do anything in
regard to these other investigations they are
entitled to precedence over the Calpweli,
case, because if this session ends, all the invest-
igation of those cases ends, and the whole in-
vestigation will have been for naught. There-
fore. it seems to me, and 1 submit it to
Senators, that we must economize time if we
are to get through with the business of this
session; and in order lo do that we ought to
la\ a.side this agricultural college bill and
take up the appropriation bills, and get through
with litem : luen give un hour to the printing
bill, and then lake up the .Louisiana ease.
That. 1 submit, ought to be the order, and wo
ought U. agree to it and we ought to adhere
5 0 it.
Well, bir, it may be that with all that we
eauuot get along without an extra session of
Congress. _ Why, sir, rather than see matters
left in Louisiana as they are; rather than leave
these great questions undisposed of, I would
favor an extra session of Congress. I have no
terrors about an extra session of Congress.
Pray, what is the trouble about an extra ses-
sion of Congress? It is some inconvenience
to the members of Congress to hold an extra
session. That, is the whole of it; and if we
are compelled to hold an extra session, and
the public necessities require it, it is our duty
to hold it. 1 shall not, therefore, be deterred
by that consideration. At the same time that I
do not want an extra session, I do hope that the
Senate will agree to determine in what order
the remaining business of this session shall
be conducted, and 1 do most respectfully sug-
gest that the order I have named is the proper
one; first, the appropriation bills, then give
an hour to the Committee on Printing on their
printing bill, and then take up the Louisiana
case.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in my inves-
tigation of the Louisiana case I divested my-
self as far as possible of all partisan feeling,
and I think I succeeded well in so doing. 1
made my two reports in that case upon what I
thought was the very right without legard to a
single political consideration, and I had hoped
that that question might be discussed iu the
Senate without drawing in party questions for
the purpose of exciting party feeling. But the
Senator from Illinois willed it otherwise. The
Senator from Wisconsin this morning opened
a small crevasse in the Louisiana levee, and
the Senator from Illinois has poured through
it in an immense volume, and has embraced
the opportunity of making an elaborate attack
upon the President of the United States. Now
i hope 1 shall be excused by the Senate for
replying tor a little whiie to some of the re-
marks made by the Senator from Illinois.
I think that there is no ground for the
assault upon the President of the United
States. On the contrary, a consideration of
all the circumstances of Louisiana affairs, with
the understanding that the President had iu
regard to them, not only justifies his conduct,
but makes it highly meritorious, and I express
the opinion here from a somewhat intimate
knowledge of the evidence that has been
taken in the case that the conduct of the
President has prevented mobs and carnage in
the city of New Orleans, and thai he is en
titled to the thanks of this nation ior what
he has done.
In the first place, it was his duty to execute
the decrees and orders of the circuit court of
the LTaited States. He has taken a solemn
oath to see that the laws are executed, and i
that involves the enforcement of the decrees
and orders of the courts of the United States.
Iu the next place, he had no right to refuse to
allow the troops to be used for the execution
of the orders of that court. He was not a
court of review. It was not for him to sit in
judgment upon the action of Judge Durell,
and determine the question whether he had
exceeded his jurisdiction. The Supreme Court
of the United States is the only tribunal
authorized to do that, and the President is to
assume for the time being that that and every
other court of the United States has acted
within the limits of its jurisdiction.
And, Mr. President, the marshal of the Uni-
ted States, under an act of Congress, has a
right to summon the Army and Navy of the
United States to execute a decree of the court
without the authority and concurrence of the
President of the United States. It is a matter
in which the President of the United States
lias no choice.
Mr. SOHURZ. Will the Senator from In-
diana permit me to ask a question merely for
information, because we all want to get a just
conception of the facts of this case?
Mr. MOit i'ON*. \ es, sir.
Mr. SCHUiiZ. He says that but for the
interference of the President there would have
been riot and bloodsned. Now, I read from
the majority report 
Mr. MORTON. I hope my friend will defer
that until I get through.
Mr. SCHURZ. It isonly one sentence. I
read in the majority report s
" It is the opinion of your committee that bat for
the unjustifiable interference of J udge Durell, whose
orders were executed hy United States troops, the
canvaes made by the De Feriet board and promul-
gated bv the Governor, declaring McEnery to have
been elected Governor, &c., and also declaring who
had been elected to tin. Legislature, would have been
acquiesced in by the people, and that government
would nave entered quietly upon the exercise of the
sovereign power of the State."
ltseems, then, that the Senator from Indiana
does not agree to that.
Mr. MORTON. That is not my report. I
dissent from that conclusion and did at the
time. In my judgment it was not sustained
by the evidence, but is contradicted by the
evidence.
Mr. President, the demoralization of Louis-
iana began a good while ago, and to under-
stand the action of the President in this case
you must consider the history of that State for
the last six or seven years. Remember, sir,
that the soil of Louisiana was saturated by
innocent blood in 1866 and in 1868, and that
society down there has been demoralized and
corrupted for years, and the President acted in
part in the light of the past.
Remember, sir, that in 1866, around the very
steps of this Mechanics' Institute spoken of by
the Senator from Illinois and along the streets
adjoining that building, two hundred and fifty
men were shot down in the space of thirty
minutes by an infuriated mob, that the streets
flowed with blood, and that colored men and
Republicans for hours had to conceal them-
selves from the fury of a mob ; and the same
men that committed those murders that day
are there to day armed as they were then, and
in great part animated by the same spirit.
And remember, too, that in 1868, within four
weeks of the election—I have the exact figures
here taken fromthe report made by the com-
mittee of investigation sent by the House of
Representatives—ten hundred and eighty one
men were killed in cold blood for political
causes, and eight hundred and six wounded,
besides thousands of others that were mal-
treated and driven into exile.
These are some of the scenes that ha^ gone
before ; and, as I remarked, the actors in those
scenes are there to-day and were arrayed and
are arrayed against the Kellogg government,
animated as I said before by the same fell
spirit: and there was the most imminent dan-
ger that those scenes would be reenacted in
the city of New Orleans. Why, six. the
papers were full of it. The dangers of mobs
and of bloodshed came to us in the dispatches
almost every morning ; and when the Presi-
dent, with that prudence for which he has been
distinguished in peace as well as in war. sent
a smali detachment of United States troops
there three or tour days in advance it was a
a matter of timely prudence, and showed his
good sense and care for the public peace. If
he had waited until the deeds had been done
it would then have been too late.
How was it in 1866 ? There was then a body
of troops within a mile of the Mechanics'
Institute, but no orders had been iss-ued from
Washington that they should be in readiness.
But while these troops were there, within the
hearing of the pistol shots, they nre of no
avail, and two hundred and fifty men we-e. shot
down in cold blood right around th.it building.
The President of the United States did not
intend to imitate the example of lfjod. With
a full knowledge that 3S. w Orleans was a
seething cauldron; that th- eli-.twuu w.-re
there ready to break out mtc tUme at any
moment: that there was imminent danger of
bloodshed and carnage, he d;d take the pre-
caution, upoti the represen.ation of public
