ST88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
and some principal port or ports in the West India
islands and in the empire of Brazil; and also a line
of vessels of similar description between N ew Orleans
and some principal port or ports in the republic
of Mexico; and also for a line of vessels of sim-
ilar description between San Francisco and some
principal port or ports of Australia and New Zea-
land, and in other of the islands of the Pacifio: Pro-
vided, That any first-class vessel now owned by any
citizen of the United States, and employed under
American registry, and which shall be found by the
said board to be amply sufficient and fit for any ser-
' vice authorized by the provisions of this act to
receive bounties, may be admitted by the said board,
to be employed on any line authorised to be estab-
lished and to receive bounty under the provisions
of this act.
Now I come to speak of those elements in
.this scheme which are its moving springs, its
chief aims, its very soul and spirit. They
consist of bounties, subsidies, and drawbacks.
They consist in special privileges and valuable
franchises. They point with fatal directness
toward the Treasury. It is the old, the never
ceasing war of the few and the favorites against
the great multitude of the people. It is the
adroit game of self-righteous pretenses, of
delusive and insincere promises, in order to
delude the poor tax-paying people. These
motives are what constitute the real basis of
this great fabric. They are put forth here
with unusual distinctness and boldness.
I now ask tfce attention of the House to
section five of the bill. Section five of this
bill reads in these words:
Dhat the board of commissioners of commerce is
hereby authorized to offer a bounty of not more than
fifteen dollars per ton, to bo paid each year for a
period of fivo years, for tho construction in the Uni-
ted States of iron steamships, and twelve dollarsper
ton for other steamships, of not less than one thou-
sand tons each, nor exceeding fivo hundred thousand
tons in tho aggregate, and not moro than one hun-
dred thousand tons shall be authorized in any ono
year, tho said ships to be employed cxciusivcly in
the foreign trade.
I omit the residue of this section, because it
is not material t.o the further discussion of the
principles of the whole section.
Mr. Speaker, whatdoes thatgrant of bounty
or subsidy amount to? If they authorize the
creation of tonnage to the amount of five hun-
dred thousand tons at fifteen dollars a ton, it
■would be $7,500,000 a yoar. If they create
that amount at twelve dollars a ton, it will be
$6,000,000 a year. If they create half of this
tonnago at fifteen dollars a ton and half of it
at twelve dollars a ton, it will make $0,750,000
a year. But this bill does not stop with the
creation of,this kind of tonnage, or the pay-
ment of bounties of this kind. In addition to the
creation of such tonnage as I have mentioned,
this bill further authorizes this department to
require steamers "to carry the mails between
the United States and any foreign country to
■which they sail, and payment shall be made
therefor ofsuch sums as shall be ascertained
and determined by live disinterested persons,
three of whom shall be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States and two by the
owner or owners of any vessel that may be so
taken or employed." This is another most
novel and dangerous power. It divests for
the time the control of Congress, and the au-
thority of the Postal Department, over the
making of contracts, or the granting of subsi-
dies for service in carrying the mails. It com-
mits all that power to this board of appraisers,
two of whom are certain to be the mere instru-
ments, the devoted friends or corrupt agents of
the ship-owners. The other three may be dis-
interested, but how easy to be otherwise!
How many more millions are to be expended
under this new scheme as subsidies for the
direct carrying of the mails of the United
States? For it must be remembered that this
sphome does not propose that the beneficiaries
of it, the owners of these new lines, shall pay
back to the people of the country one penny
of their bounties. In addition to them, they
are to be paid subsidies for carrying the mails.
The amount of them is indeterminate. It may
be grossly pjfeepsiye. Who knows how this
board of five appraisers may be constituted?
Who knows how soon or how easily, or for how
much, or how little, they may be bought and
controlled by the lobbies and rings? Who
can protect the Treasury against insatiate con-
spiracies to extort from the Government the
people's money under the pretense that the
lines of steamers are rendering vast service?
The experience of the country in the past
affords little hope that political or personal
honor will control and regulate their con-
duct. But I am not through with the con-
templated expense of this scheme, for when
I turn to section eight of the bill I find;
That there shall be allowed and paid, under such
regulations as shall be established by the board of
commissioners of commerce, upon every first-class
sailing vessel of not less than three hundred tons
burdeo, hereafter constructed in the United States,
and launched and finished, the sum of twelve dol-
lars for each ton of the registered tonnage of any
such vessel.
In addition to that system of building iron
and wooden steamers, we are called upon to
subsidize by this bounty all the sailing vessels
of our country that shall be hereafter con-
structed in the United States. Remember,
also, that this new grant of power is without
limit as to tonnage and without limit as to
time. These commissioners may make such
contracts as may bind the discretion of Con-
gress for ten or twenty years.
But I am still not done with the bounties and
subsidies proposed to be granted by this gener-
ous bill, and I must now ask the attention of
gentlemen to section ten. Section ten of this
bill provides:
That vessels of the United States, employed in the
foreign trudo, or in the fisheries, may purchase ship-
stores and supplies in bond, and without payment
of duties, under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the board of commissioners of com-
merce.
Subsidies under the cover of special free
trade 1 Free trade for these favorites in all
they want to purchase, exemption for all tax-
ation on what they consume 1 But the people
may pay taxes and sufferon without sympathy.
A most excellent thing free trade is, in their
code of ethics, when it is free only for their
benefit; but it is as good for all the people as
it is for these special and favored benefi-
ciaries of the Government. They are not con-
tent to go to the Treasury of the country and
in open day put in their arms and take out
millions upon millions of the people's rev-
enue each year, but they must also resort to
this covert, this concealed, this mean and
unjustifiable mode of adding to their excep-
tional and undeserved gains.
Who can estimate the amount of duties that
will be lost to the Treasury and gained by
these individuals under cover of free supplies
and ship-stores? I am sure no man here can
doit. It will amount to a vast sum. If it did
not, these righteous and unselfish ship-owners
would not want it.
Mr. Speaker, I have tried, with such data as
vere within my reach, imperfect I admit, to
estimate the probable aggregate expense of all
these definite and indefinite subsidies to the
people of the United States. First, there are
six or seven million dollars for bounties direct
to steamship lines. Then there are other
millions of dollars for bounties on sailing
vessels without limit of time or tonnage. Then
there are subsidies to the lines that carry mails,
to be determined in the way I have stated.
And finally, there is this indefinite amount
of duties remitted under cover of free supplies
and ship-stores. I want now to say to the
House that the result of my reflections on this
subject is that in the proposed five years the
aggregate expense of this system to the peo-
ple of the United States cannot be much less
than §75,000,000. For whose advantage?
Who will pay all of these vast sums for the
benefit of this small class of our people? The
people will pay it all; the tax-payers of the
country alone will furnish all of these sums.
The farmers, the mechanics, the blacksmiths,
the artisans all over the country, are those who
have to furnish these sums in order to enrich
the coffers of these favorites of the Govern-
ment with these untold millions of dollars?
Whom will it enrich? It will enrich the im-
mediate beneficiaries who are to be the recip-
ients of these sums. Will it cheapen commerce?
Will it cheapen commodities ? Will it cheapen
anything that the people consume? Will it
cheapen bread, or clothing, or implements of
toil? Will it reduce the taxes that now rest
upon and oppress the industries of the coun-
try? Will it do any one of these things ? No,
no, Mr. Speaker; quite the contrary. These
schemes possess no such magic powers. They
are not organized for any such generous pur-
poses. They take little-thought of the people
except to see that they keep the Treasury well
filled, so that these schemes may prosper.
Now let me say to the House that a funda-
mental principle in the intercourse of nations
is that it is impossible for any country, by
subsidies or money, to purchase commerce, to
purchase the control of the ocean; it cannot
be done. Equally impossible is it for any
scheme, or device, or legislative sleight of
hand, like this, to create commerce. Com-
merce springs alone from human wants, the
demands of society and civilization, the laws
of exchange, of supply and demand, and ships
will spring into being to carry all such com-
merce under free and equal laws. That peo-
ple will carry the commerce whose laws leave
its citizens most free to own or purchase ships
where they please, and whose laws do the least
to aggravate the cost of production of the
articles of commerce. Mere plowing of the
surface of the ocean with subsidized ships does
not develop commerce; plowing the surface
of the ocean does not build up cities in the
deep. Give your subsidies, if you must sub-
sidize anybody, to the honest men of the coun-
try, who want cheap transportation in the
country, and let them build cheap railroads ;
because when you build a railroad running
across the surface of the country, you do
create commerce, you increase trade, you
do enlarge business, you create prosperity and
develop resources. That is the difference
between those great enterprises upon the land
and upon the sea.
Give national freedom of trade and exchange
to our people, and our vast capital will imme-
diately seek investment in the instruments of
commerce, and our commerce and exchanges
with both foreign nations and among our peo-
ple and States will at once begin to spring into
renewed life, energy, and power, and the
American flag will soon be witnessed on every
sea. What our people want to rt establish our
commercial marine in vigor and prosperity is
simply freedom.
One effect of this business will be very cer-
tain j it will tend in the interest of these favor-
ites to cheapen the cost of their ships and of
their sailing vessels, of their supplies and their
stores. That much is certain, and that is all.
That is the beginning and end of this policy.
Its advantages begin and exhaust themselves
in the pockets of the few. It will enrich
Maine and Pennsylvania and a few other sec-
tions at the expense of all the balance. It
will tax all the country to enrich a few ship-
builders and owners.
It is pertinent to inquire, after what I have
said, what is there in external commerce, in
ocean commerce, that elevates it in the esti-
mation of some law-makers to such a height
of sacredness, of superior merit and import-
ance, of mysterious character, power, and
virtue, that whenever we come to legislate
about it we must lose our senses, run wild,
forget all the people and their rights, and en-
gage in a chase after chimeras and dreams
after visions and fancies? Why is it? Is it
one of the cunning devices of selfish men? Is
it the delusive influence of false theories ? Is
it one of the tricks of protection ? Is it one
