1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
of the schemes of the few in their warfare
against the interest of the many which has
charaterized the conduct of these things ever
since commerce was formed, ever since nations
were known, or ships sailed the ocean? It is
but the old cry. Let any intelligent man go
back to the records of the history of com-
merce, and he will find their pages burdened
with just such pretenses, just such selfish theo-
ries, just such fallacies as lie hidden, and very
poorly hidden, in this scheme. It goes, in-
deed, for its best models to ages and countries
remote, under more despotic governments, in
darker civilizations, where the people were
without power, and were wrapped in the un-
pitying embrace of ignorance.
1 know no difference in the motives which
actuate men to engage in foreign commerce
from those which control and direct the con-
duct of men in engaging in the domestic com-
merce and interchanges of a country. They
are both governed by the great law of intelli-
gent selfishness ; that is all it is ; that is its
best and most favorable definition. It goes
often, indeed it always goes, beyond the proper
limits of that law. Butithasno other founda-
tion in policy or right than what I state. Then
why attempt to elevate one pursuit above
others equally proper, useful, honorable, and
necessary to the well-being of society?
Now, if you pass this bill, I protest that the
Congress of the„ United States, in this day of
boasted enlightenment, will have done again,
and I trust for the last time, more than by
possibility it can do in any other way to en-
courage and build up, and foster and fatten,
under the very eyes of'the people's Represent-
atives here, that shame of American legisla-
tion, that curse of free institutions, the lobby,
the ring, the combination of operators and
speculators and robbers of the people, who
come here from the great cities to purchase
Representatives, to purchase influence by fraud
and dishonest means of ail sorts. We should
repel all such propositions for laws, and thus
discourage the lobby. Leave the people in
freedom to manage all these interests.
Much has been said, in the course of this
debate, by the honorable and always earnest
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabargeu]
about the policy of other nations in building
up their commercial marine and maintaining
their honor and integrity upon the seas. We
might infer from what he has said that it is the
result of his commercial reading that no nation
ever succeeded in building up its commerce
except by such agencies as he proposes, except
by a system of bounties and subsidies and
special favor. Such is not the experience of
the nations. Holland and Belgium are rich
and prosperous, and have always enjoyed
extensive commerce. But they never bought
it by such means as this bill proposes. Their
honest and brave people entered the competi-
tion of the world without aid except reasonable
freedom.
Let me say to that gentleman and to this
House, that in all the world's history no sys-
tem of this kind has ever succeeded, not one ;
so far as my reading and knowledge extend,
no system of this kind was ever successful in
any real and substantial sense. Nations have
done innumerable wrongs, and have practiced
innumerable follies, in their vain attempts to
regulate the private affairs of men. But it
does not become us now to imitate such
examples. Our people in the practical con-
duct of industries are wiser than Congress.
Let them alone, with freedom and equal laws,
and they will prosper. The gentleman has
referred to Great Britain. Sir, I will go with
him to Great Britain, to Holland, to Belgium,
to Prussia, and even to Russia, and 1 find
there on every band most conclusive, most
impressive, and absolutely overwhelming tes-
timony against every one of his commercial
assumptions, every one of them.
Great Britain was pressed to the very verge
of commercial decay and ruin by a system of
navigation laws, of protective tariffs and re-
strictive legislation such as we now foster and
cling to in this country. But the public mind
of Great Britain, the intelligence of her com-
mercial classes was aroused and brought into
active operation. Inquiry was started as to
what was bringing such oppression, decay,
and ruin upon ail interests, domestic and
foreign. Between 1830 and 1848 there was in
Great Britain and throughout Europe great
agitation in connection with this subject of
restrictive commercial and fiscal policy. I
hold in my hand a very intelligent history of
the fiscal legislation of Great Britain Irom
1842 to I860, written by Mr. John Noble,
published iu 1807. I want the attention of
the House while I read a few short passages
very pertinent to this investigation. Speaking
of this agitation, he says:
"Itwas, however, abundantly proved by the evi-
dence adduced before committees of Parliament
that these laws failed to secure superiority either in
ships, captains, mates, seamen, or navigation; that
they failed to secure a supply of seamen for the
navy; that they were very prejudicial to our foreign
and colonial trade; that they caused the enactment
by other countries of similar laws framed on the
model of our own; and that they did not even secure
remuneiative profits to the ship-owners." (Page 43.)
That is the testimony of an intelligent
writer upon the history of this policy abroad;
and by such history the policy is condemned
utterly. But to-day, with a singular lack of
willingness to profit by the experience and
enlightenment of Sie past, we propose to go
back and cultivate the abandoned heresies of
Great Britain.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow
me to put a question to him ?
Mr. KERR. A very short one.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the United States, up to the period
of which he speaks, had not pursued precisely
the policy of Great Britain, and whether the
result was not, as shown in the testimony before
the committee to which he refers, that the
United States was becoming the great com-
mercial rival of Great Britain, and that the
success of our commercial interests was un-
precedented ?
Mr. KERR. My answer to the gentleman's
statement is that we never had in America any
such poliey as did dishonor to the statute-books
of Great Britain, and which has excited so
much the admifation of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] and other gentlemen.
But we did have laws more or less restrictive,
though not half so much so as we do now, in
many respects.
Mr. LYNCH. In what respect?
Mr. KERR. In respect to our dishonest,
burdensome, and disgraceful tariff. I say to
the gentleman that American commerce and
shipping and tonnage were never so prosper-
ous as at those precise periods in our history
before our late war when we approached
nearest to free trade, nearest to freedom of
exchange, nearest to all freedom from these
hateful and oppressive restrictions. Never
did our commerce prosper and grow so fast,
and never will it again until we return to our
former policy. Nor were our people over so
prosperous as at such periods of our past
history. That is the truth.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman has misap-
prehended my question entirely.
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield any further to
the gentleman. 1" have answered his inqui-
ries as I heard them. The condition of our
commerce has never been so bad in all our
history as it is now under the present abom-
inable and scandalous fiscal legislation and
restrictions advocated by the majority of this
House. In 18G0 our tariff averaged nineteen
per cent, on dutiable articles. Now it is
about forty-six per cent, on dutiable articles,
and our revenue exceeds the demands of the
country; bat still you refuse to reduce these
grossly oppressive and unequal taxes.
Mr. Speaker, I want to call the attention of
the House, for I think it is pertinent, and I
want the attention of my excellent brother
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Keixey,] to a little
extract from a speech made about thirty years
ago by a gentleman who was then perhaps
nearly as distinguished in the British Parlia-
ment as the gentleman now is in the Ameri-
can Congress. I mean Benjamin Disraeli,
afterward prime minister. W hen it was pro-
posed to repeal these infamous laws which
were crushing the very life out of British com-
merce and trade, Mr. Disraeli said—and I
want the House to appreciate how strong the
similitude is between his words and style and
those which so often fall from the eloquent
gentleman from Pennsylvania—Mr. Disraeli,
opposing the bill to repeal those laws, said:
" Will you by the recollection of your past pros-
perity, by the memory of your still existing power,
for the sake of the most magnificent colonial empire
in the world now drifting away amid the breakers,
for the sake of the starving mechanics of Birming-
ham and Sheffield, by all the wrongs of a betrayed
agriculture, by all the hopes of Ireland, will you
not rather by the vote we are now coming to arrive
at a decision which may to-morrow smooth the
careworn countenances of British toil, give growth
and energy to national labor, and at least afford
hope to the tortured industry of a suffering peo-
ple?"—Noble's Fiscal Legislation, page 44.
Very eloquent and pathetic!
Mr. KELLEY. Yery, indeed.
Mr. KERR. Let me read the historian's
conclusion:
" This appeal was powerless to avert the doom of
these impolitic laws; common sense triumphed, and
thus secured most effectually the ends invoked by
Mr. Disraeli. The laws which had so long been con-
sidered, to use the language of Lord Brougham.
' not only as the foundation of our glory, the bul-
wark of our strength, but the protection of our very
existence as a nation,'shared* the fate of the corn
laws, and the commerce of Great Britain was thus
relieved from another obstruction to its progress."
And now Mr. Disraeli, unlike the able gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, gives his hearty
support to that beneficent freedom of trade
and coitimerce and navigation which his coun-
trymen adopted against his advice, because his
own judgment has become convinced of its
inestimable value by the conclusive logic of
experience and practical results. So it would
be in our country if we could once put its great
principles on fair trial.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman whether
Great Britain at this time does not protect her
commerce by enormous actual subsidies?
Mr. KERR. I answer, No, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I answer, Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman cannot show it.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not the book by me
now.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman has not the
book.
Mr. KELLEY. I have it at my room.
Mr. KERR. The book is not in existence
that will sustain the gentleman's broad state-
ment. I cannot yield any further.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have the official
returns.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall produce the book
to show she does.
Mr. KERR. I say she does not. The gen-
tleman's declaration is too broad. If he had
been careful, and made his statement with ex-
actness. my reply would have been different.
Great Britain gives no subsidies in the sense
of this bill, or like those in this bill. But she
gives compensation to certain lines of steamers
for carrying her mails, and this compensation
is for actual service, under specific contract,
made after competition. But vast numbers
of her commercial marine get not a penny in
compensation, subsidy, or bounty.
Mr. KELLEY. She does give subsidies.
Mr. KERR. Y"es, she gives compensation
to a few lines. Less than §4,000,000 in all for
her lines of commerce, which extend all over
the globe, in carrying her mails—not, Mr.
SpeaKer, to encourage or bijUd up her com-
mercial marine or commerce. Her commerce
