1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
Mr. WINDOM. I felt very much disposed
to yield to the wishes of my honorable friend
from Vermont until he so gracefully and
courteously held out the olive-branch ot peace
this morning, when he arose in his place before
any further discussion had been had, and when
it was generally expected that no discussion
would be had upon it, and charged those of
us who saw proper yesterday to offer amend-
ments to it with wilfully and intentionally,
delaying the action of the Senate for the pur-
pose of defeating the bill. But when he
charged us with violating the so much talked
of dignity of this body, aud called upon those
Senators who had supported him yesterday to
stand by him further in attempting to force
through the Senate a bill appropriating nearly
$100,000,000 without examination by any com-
mittee, when it has been evident from the first
vote ou it that every amendment would be de-
feated without regard to its character or im-
portance, I felt less peacefully inclined. The
votes already given warrant the belief that if a
proposition could be found in this bill to dis-
franchise every colored man at the South, the
fiat has gone forth that it shall pass without
amendment, without even the compliment of
reference to a committee.
When we adjourned last night at haif past
eleven o'clock, weary and somewhat, dissatis-
fied with the days work, I think there was a
very general disposition on the part of those
who opposed the bill to let the majority take
the responsibility of passing it, but for myself
I confess that at this moment I have no such
disposition. I am not at all inclined, so far as
any proper amendment that I can offeror any-
thing I can say is concerned, to permit its pas-
sage until it hasbeen improved,or at least fairly
considered. I do not propose now to offer
any amendments for the purpose of delay. 1
proposed none for that purpose yes'erday.
Ihe Senator has complained somewhat of
myself for interfering with and delaying the
passage of this bill. I submit to the Senate
whether any amendment offered by myself
yesterday is open to that criticism. I ap-
peal to the Senator himself to point out what
act of mine can be justly charged with such
motive. I ask the Senator from Vermont or
the Senator from Khode Island to name any
one merely dilatory amendment offered by
mjself or any other Senator on this floor.
What right have gentlemen to.assume that the
minority shall not judge of the propriety of
making such amendments as they deem neces-
sary ? We have only exercised our own judg-
ment in this matter; and now I will say to my
friend from Vermont, that since the tender of
his olive-branch this morning, I am willing to
make an arrangement, so far as I am con-
cerned, that will, 1 think, secure the passage
of the biil within the next few hours.
If the Senator will admit two or three amend-
ments which he himself will agree ought to be
adopted, I will vote for it. One of these
amendments is that offered by the honorable
Senator from Indiana last night, an amend-
ment which simply guaranties equal rights to
all the people in the bounty which we propose
to confer. I am confident that neither the
Senator from Vermont nor the Senator from
Rhode Island, who have so severely criticised
oar conduct, can urge one_word of objection
to that amendment, i beiieve that if the fiat
had not gone forth that this bill must pass no
realtor what it contained, or what its detects,
and that all amendments must be voted dowu,
no matter how meritorious they may be, the
Senator from Vermont would have stood with
me and with the honorable Vice President-
elect in attempting to incorporate upon any
measure granting such a bounty as this pre-
cisely the proposition offered by the Sen-
ator from Indiana. We ought, not to grant
$90,000,000 to these colleges without protect-
ing the rights of those peopie who will pot be
otherwise protected, .Admit that amendment,
then, and another providing that nothing herein
contained shall be construed as in any way
limiting or affecting the operation or applica-
tion of existing homestead or preemption
laws, and though not ready to vote for the bill
I will make no further oppositionto it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Minnesota allow me to say a word ?
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senate should pro-
vide for future laws as well as existing laws ;
otherwise the Congress of the United States is
fettered entirely by this bill as to its right to
deal with the public domain.
Mr. WINDOM. So far as that proposition
is concerned, it was only made ou my own
part and not for anybody else; and I will say
to the Senator from California that I would
prefer not to have the amendment include
future homestead or preemption laws, and
for this reason: that having witnessed the
power of these institutions already over Con-
gress in the application of that power to this
bill, I am not willing to say that they may
come in here hereafter and modify the home-
stead and preemption laws. I prefer to have
it apply to existing laws.
The Senator from Vermont, when this bill
was before the Senate before, agreed to that
proposition, admitted that it was proper, and
was perfectly willing it should be put on.
Why not do it now? We have been told half
a dozen times that if you make any amend-
ment to this bill whatever it will be defeated.
Why will it be defeated ?
Is it true, Senators, that you wish to force
through a bill in this manner without amend-
ment, because you fear that the House having
once been deceived on its passage will not .
vote for it if it goes .back again? Is there '
anything in its history before it reached this
body that makes my honorable friend from
Vermont tremble when he sees the handwrLtmg
on the wall over in the other end of this Capi-
tol? Was there anything in the conduct of
this bill before it reached us that has so
alarmed him that he is willing to say that,
whatever the amendments may be, they shall
be voted down? There is something some-
where.
Now, sir, if it be true, as has been stated
by my honorable friend from Vermont, that
this bill passed the House of Representatives
by a nearly two thirds vote, they can take it
from the Speaker's table any time and pass it
without delay if they have not changed their
minds in regard to it since. If the bill was
fairly considered and understood before it
came to us, there is no danger. But if it was
not understood, if the body that passed it
before would be glad to get possession of it in
order to perfect or defeat it, then I advise my
friend to stand where he now does, and in-
sist that no matter if it cogt an extra session
of Congess this bill must and shall be by the
power of ihe majority passed without any
amendment whatever.
Now. Mr. President, for one I insist that we
have the right to amend, and for one I propose
to offer such amendments as I deem proper.
Mr. MORRILL.-of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am somewhat surprised at the excite-
ment of my friend from Minnesota, Perhaps
there is no Senator with whom I have taken more
pains in order to have this bill satisfactory than
the Senator from Minnesota, and the Senator is
entirely mistaken when he attributes to me a
charge against him or any party in this body
of having made any willful and intentional
attempts at delay. If the Senator will read my
language he will find no such charge. I merely
intimated that in my judgment there had been
an unnecessary amount of time consumed jes-
terday without reaching a result, and that was
all. The Senator will find no imputation upon
him or any other member of the body. I made
no allusion to the rules but to the fact that, a
majority of the Senate were incapable of reach-
ing any conclusion, in consequence of not hav-
ing a previous question here. While we may
debate and debate so long as a minority chooses
to offer amendmentsor to offer debate, it is im-
possible to reach any conclusion. I thought
that contrary to the dignity of the Senate; 1
think so still, without any personal imputation,
for I am the last man to make any personal im-
putation against the Senator from Minnesota,
or the Senator from Nebraska, or any other
Senator.
Last year we had evening sessions for an
entire month, from the 13th of May to the 10th
of June, and were with aquorum almostevery
night. I do not know that we were without a
quorum on any occasion. This year within
eight days of the end of the session, on Mon-
day, the day after rest, the first evening that
we have an evening session, we find ourselves
without a quorum at half past ten o'clock, I
did think that under the circumstances we
were not treating this bill fairly ; that it had
been considered once in the Senate and again
throughout an entire day from twelve o'clock
until a quarter to twelve and then we had reached
no conclusion. Under these circumstances I
thought it right and proper to appeal to the
friends of the bill to stand by it until it was
disposed of. I trust they will do so still.
Yesterday morning in the first speech that I
made—and I made no set speech; I made no
talk of over five minutes at a time—I inti-
mated at the start that if it was more satisfac-
tory to the Senate to have a non-concurrence
with the amendment of the House and certain
amendments incorporated, I would be entirely
willing and it would be acceptable to me.
Mr. WINDOM. Is the Senator willing to
do that now ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; be-
cause I found at once that with other Senators
the bill would be no more acceptable with those
amendments and would secure no more votes
than without them. And now we have used
i up one entire day aud half a night and a good
I part of the present day without reaching a
result, and I hope, therefore, that we shall
adhere to the amendment of the House and
let the bill take its fate.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when we
adjourned last night an effort was made to ob-
tain common consent to take the vote at an
early hour to-day. I believe we failed to secure
an agreement although that was the general
wish. Now, sir, these reproaches and accusa-
tions do not advance the public business at all.
It is of no use for a majority to tell a minority
on any question so near the close of a session
that they are making unnecessary opposition.
The minority on any bill will do it, always
have done it in our history, and probably will
so long as the Senate shail last. It is no use
to talk about a previous question in this body.
We have never had it and m all human prob-
ability we shall not have it.
But, sir. we are here within six days of the
close of this session ; we have got an immense
work to do ; we have thirty-six pages of the
Calendar to go through, Alt we can do, I
think, will be to pass the appropriation bills,
make them sure, and a very few other neces-
sary measures. Now, I would suggest at this
time on all sides that we devote the next half
hour or hour to this question, and let the
amendments that are proposed accepted or
voted down ; let us get a vote if we can upon
the hill. If'not, I shall vote, for one, to lay
it on the table and to take up the appropria-
tion bilis and adhere to those bills against any
and all other measures until they are secured,
and then vote for such measures as are most
necessary to the good of the country.
Now there is an amendmentpending. ^ The^
amendments are plain and simple. We un-f
derstand them. Let us have a vote upon this
amend raeut, and let the Senator from Minne-
sota propose his other amendments, get a vote
upon them, and possibly we may get a vote
upon the bill m tne course of half an hoar or
j an iiour ; bar if we tire not ab)p to do it then,
i without any reference to thy merits of this ques-
