1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
tion, I think public duty requires of me at least
that I give a vote to bring the appropriation
bills before us and adhere to them until they
are safe.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I think
the remark which I made half an hour ago,
although it has turned the current, has not
interrupted the flow of debate which goes on
in spite of the pending motion of the Senator,
which I believe is the motion of the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. West,] to lay this bill
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) That motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. 'Jlhueman,] when I was
called out a moment since, informed us that
the bottom of the caucus had fallen out. I
hope that if the agreements which the major-
ity of every body which is charged with the re-
sponsibility of its proceedings make, cannot
be carried out, we shall call in the members
on the other side, enough of them at least to
get a majority that will stand by the agree-
ments which we make, and I for one shall be
very glad to welcome into our consultations
all those Senators on the other side who are
in favor of transacting the business so that we
shall not bo driven to a special session, and I
shall do this with the assurance that they will
keep better faith than some of our own friends
have done, for I think that this bill and the
two per cent, bill which was brought up were
both considered in entire disregard of the un-
derstanding we had ; and that all this desultory
debate leading to nothing, having no point to
it, no beginning, and no end, is owing to the
departure we made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
my friend if it was not the distinct understand-
ing to include bills pending between the two
Houses.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not so understand it.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. WEST. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to make an inquiry of the Chair?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly I will.
Mr. WEST. 1 should like to inquire what
has become of my motion to lay the bill on the
table? I was called out of the Chamber for a
few moments, and yielded the floor to one Sen-
ator—I think the Senator from Ohio—but
when I come back here I find the question is
being debated. I should like to know what
has become of my motion to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds, hi the chair.) The present occupant of
the chair is informed that it was understood at
the Vice President's table that the Senator
from Louisiana withdrew the motion to lay
the bill on the table in order that the debate
might proceed.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know but that
I owe an apology to the chairman of the cau-
cus for alluding to the condition of the bottom
of that institution when he was out of the
Chamber. I really thought he was in the Sen-
ate. I think, however, that he will agree
with ine that it would be improper on the part
of those on our side to make any sugges-
tions until we found the bottom was out, and I
then the suggestion I made, which is on.-
that meets with his own approbation, was to
take up the appropriation bills and dispose of
them, and then take up the printing bill, and
not lake more than an hour upon that, and
then proceed to the consideration of the Louis-
iana case. I hope i.hat may be done.
_1 have about five minutes' talk to deliver on
this pending measure, and then I shall relieve
the Senate trom any further remarks about it.
The Senator from Vermont who has the bill in
charge ought not to he astonished that time is
occupied m the discussion of the bill, for it is
a measure such as never before was proposed
m the Congress of the United States. It is a
measure which proposes to take a portion of
the public treasure, and distribute it among
the States in equal portions, without the slight-
est regard to the population of the States, to
their representation in Congress, or to their
peculiar necessities; and this purpose of the bill
is in no wise covered up by calling this money
in the Treasury "the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands." The bill would stand on
precisely the same footing if it had said " the
proceeds of the customs duties." The Sen-
ator might just as well have said that a cer-
tain per cent, of the customs duties in the
Treasury should be taken out and distributed
to the States as to say that the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands shall be distrib-
uted in that way, or he might just as well have
said that one half of the money resulting from
internal taxes shall be distributed to the States,
share and share alike.
A proposition so manifestly contrary to the
spirit of the Constitution, so manifestly con-
trary to justice, and so manifestly contrary to
equity, so manifestly contrary to public policy,
ought not to pass the Senate without the most
thorough investigation. The only thing that
astonishes me is that there should be a major-
ity on this floor that seems disposed to force
such a measure as this through Congress, to
allow not a single t to be crossed nor an i
dotted in this bill, not of perfection, but of
imperfection.
I pointed out last night to the Senate that
this bill is impossible of execution. The Sen-
ator from Vermont will not rise in his place
and say that it can be executed according to its
language. It requires a plain impossibility. It
requires the Secretary of the Treasury on the 1st
day of J uly to ascertain the amount of the sales
of the public lands for the year ending the day
previous, a thing manifestly impossible; and
therefore the bill cannot be executed, if it
should become a law, by the Secretary with-
out violating the law, without doing at another
time what he is required to do at a specified
time according to the act. He cannot carry it
into effect without violating the law, and yet
this bill, thus manifestly imperfect, is to be
crowded through the Senate without ever hav-
ing been considered, I believe, by any com-
mittee of the Senate, or of either House, with-
out any debate upon it in at least one branch
of the Legislature, if I may say so. This bill,
which has no parallel in the history of this
Government, which proposes for all time to
come, as long as we have an acre of public
land to sell, to take out of the Treasury of the
United States a portion of the public funds
and distribute it to the States, share and share
alike, is to be forced down the throats of Sen-
ators, if I may use such an expression, be-
cause, forsooth, it is said it is in the interest
of learning and of agriculture, when every
sensible man knows that it will do nothing
worth mentioning to favor agriculture.
If you want to aid agriculture, take off your
unequal laws of taxation, and give agriculture
a chance—agriculture, the most persecuted
(and I use the word purposely) interest in this
country; agriculture, that can have no protec-
tion from your tariff laws that is worth anything
at all; agriculture that has no subsidy, and
can have no subsidy. Take away your unequal
laws, and then agriculture may have a chance ;
that industry, which, of all others, makes the
least return to those who pursue it in this
country. Sir, the landed estates of this Re-
public do not return three per cent, per annum
to their owners. Agriculture, take it through-
out the whole United States, coupled with the
ownership of waste and unimproved lands,
does not return three per cent.. Every other
industry pays far better. The lowest rate of
interest known to the laws of this country is
six per cent. Agriculture does not pay one
half ot' six per cent., taking the whole Union
through ; and yet a tub to the whale is to be
thrown out to tickle the farmers with the idea
of improving agriculture by means of an agri-
cultural college here and there,
How has the law of 1862 been executed ?
What does that law require? I find, sir, I am
speaking a little more than five minutes, but I
hope I shall be pardoned in so doing. What
does the law of 1862 require ? It provides
that the land scrip given by the act to the
States shall be applied—how ?
" The capital of which shall remain forever un-
diminished, (except so far as may be provided in
section five of this act,) and the interest of which
shall be inviolably appropriated by each State
which may take and claim the benefit of this act,
to the endowment, support, and maintenance of at
least one college "—
Now mark the language, Senators—
"where the leading object shall be, without ex-
cluding other scientific and classical studies, and
including military tactics "—
That is for the benefit of the farmers—
" to teach such branches of learning as are related
to agriculture and the mechanic arts, in such man-
ner as the Legislatures of the States may respect-
ively prescribe."
Now, what has the State of New Hampshire
done with her agricultural scrip ? If I am cor-
rectly informed, she has given it to Dartmouth
College. Have agriculture and the mechanic
arts become the leading subjects of study in
Dartmouth, or is not old Dartmouth precisely
the college which it has been for one hundred
years, in which classical studies and litera-
ture and mathematics are the leading studies?
What have you done for Dartmouth but to
make an additional chair or to add an addi-
tional professorship? Is it true that Dart-
mouth is all at once transformed from that
institution that glories in having sent forth
so many able men in this country—Webster
among them—that great classical institution
that has been for a century or more than a
century, for she dates back beyond the Revo-
lution, if I am not mistaken, into a mere agri-
cultural school? No, sir. Has the college in
New Jersey, to which the Legislature of New
Jersey has given the agricultural college scrip,
changed its nature, and instead of being a great
literary and scientific institution, become an
agricultural school, or has that becofae the
leading study of that college? I do not know
how it is in your own State, sir, (Mr. Edmunds
in the chair.) 1 understand that this agricul-
tural college scrip was given to one of your
colleges. I should like to know if that col-
lege has undergone a metamorphosis, so that
the classics and literature and mathematics
are no longer the subject of study there? I
should like to know whether potatoes have
taken the place of conic sections, and cabbages
the place of the Greek and Latin languages
there? I fancy it will be found not to be so.
So I might go on with college after college.
This law has not been executed at all. A few
of the States have established agricultural col-
leges. The State of New York has set up an
agricultural college, and I believe the State of
Michigan has. My State has commenced one,
but the Lord knows when there will ever be
any agricultural students there. 1 believe the
house is under roof—the house built by the
contributions of my county of $300,000, but
never yet has there been an agricultural student
there or anything like an agricultural college.
It is all bricks and mortar so far.
Now, sir, to say that we are to change the
whole system of our Government, I might
almost say, (because when you take the rev-
enues of the country and distribute them you
go to the very life-blood of the Government,)
to say that we are to set this precedent, under
the thin and flimsy disguise of its being the
proceeds of the public lands, of going into the
Treasury of the United States, and taking the
money raised from the population of the
United States, raised chiefly from the con-
sumers of the United States, and distribute it
to the States, share and share alike, that we
are to do a thing like that, under this flimsy
disguise of aiding agriculture, is what I think
ought t.o provoke debate, and far more than
this bill has yet undergone.
Mr. President, I have nothing to do with it.
