TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
national prosperity to develop the great re-
sources of this mighty nation ; we desire that
this young Republic shall be vigorous and
healthy, resting upon the resources of its own
physical and intellectual power. Let individ-
ual enterprises alone. Let trade depend upon
the power of competition. Let every industry
depend upon its own inherent powers, upon
its economy of production, its intelligent
rivalry with those of foreign nations. In short,
let the Government stand off. Let all private
enterprise have fair play, an equal chance in
the struggle for success, that separately and
collectively we may attain individual as well
a? national greatness.
Was this nation made what it is by govern-
mental aid in the form of appropriations from
the public Treasury? Can any gentleman point
to any prosperous commercial or agricultural
or military jPower in the world that has been
made so purely by a dispensation of govern-
mental favor? No, sir; none such exists.
While I represent a commercial people, while
-I .represent a navigating people, while I will
go as far as any member ot' the House to pro-
.mote their interests, while I would even make
sacrifices of my own personal opinions for the
purpose of advancing their mterests and pro-
tecting their rights, yet I do not believe this
is the way to do it. I believe there will be a
reaction, that the artificial stimulant proposed
to be applied will prove to be a drug so dread-
ful in its final effects as to produce debility,
demoralization, and death.
These are my views in reference to this bill.
I cannot possibly bring myself to a support
of the measure as it now stands before the
House, deeming it wrong in principle, insuffi-
cient to obtain t.he object it professes to desire,
dangerous in practice, and as the establish-
ment of a new feature in the legislation of
tho country utterly subversive of the theory
and genius of the Government under which
we live. I now yield the balance of my time
-to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Earns-
WORTII.J
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, it is
impossible for any one in the course of ten or
fifteen minutes to say very much upon a bill
of such magnitude as this; but I can, I think,
in that time put upon record ray protest against
the passage of any such measure. We are
constantly reminded by gentlemen who are
advocating the system of subsidies that Great
Britain maintains its foreign commerce by
subsidies. This is everlastingly thrown in our
teeth. Now, England is a nation which with-
out commerce would be nothing. Her com-
merce makes her what she is. She sits there,
a proud island of the sea, looking out upon
her colonies in distant parts of the world. She
must send them their mails, she must keep up
intercourse with her colonies; and in doing
this England makes contracts for carrying the
mails to different parts of the world as we do,
by land and water to all parts of our country.
I find by the returns for 1870 which I hold in
my hand the whole amount paid by Great Brit-
ain as subsidies, which by the way is all paid on
contracts, in excess of the postages, amounts
to less than $2,000,000. About §1,800,000 is
all England pays in excess of the postages, the
ocean postages, for carrying the mails and
maintaining her various lines on the high seas.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] when he grows eloquent on the
subject of a tariff always points to England as
a nation of paupers, whose example we are to
forever shun ; but when it comes to the ques-
tion of building ships and taxing my people to
pay for them, then England is pointed to as a
notable and glorious example for keeping ships
on the high seas by subsidies.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me one moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield, as
I have only ten minutes. There are other
contradictions equally as bald and incongru-
ous among the friends of this bill. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
bases his theory of successful and prosperous
government upon this principle; that we shall
have no foreign commerce; that we should
have as little as possible, and, of course, none
at all would be the perfection of his theory.
He would construct high tariffs like a wall
around our nation to keep out foreign com-
merce ; while the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabahger]— and they both advocate
this bill—says that a nation without foreign
commerce is a decaying nation, that it has got
the dry rot and is going rapidly to the devil.
[Laughter.] His language is more elegant,
but perhaps not so forcible. The meaning is
the same. Those two arguments may be har-
monized by the gentlemen, if they can. One
is that we shall have no commerce, that we
shall do everything within our own borders.
The other is, if we do not have foreign com-
merce ; and more than that, if we do not carry
it in our own ships; and more than that, if we
do not build those ships ourselves; and more
than that, if we do not dig the ore out of our
earth and make the iron out of which the ships
are constructed, we will certainly go to decay
and ruin. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. My argument yesterday was
that 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman
must excuse me, but I cannot yield. I leave
the gentlemen to reconcile these arguments
among themselves. I do not believe in the
doctrine that a nation that does not carry and
fetch its foreign commerce on the high seas is
a decaying nation. I think the gentleman is
mistaken. I thiuk it is true a nation which
has no commerce, foreign or domestic, is a
decaying nation. There are two kinds of com-
merce. Why, sir, the foreign commerce of
the United States does not amount to the com-
merce of the Mississippi river. The carrying
trade of that great artery of the nation is
greater than the trade we have with foreign
nations all put together. The domestic com-
merce of our great nation, the commerce be-
tween the States, greater than the commerce
between many of the nations of Europe, is
commerce. That is the kind of commerce we
have, and it is the kind of commerce which
makes a nation. If you take a ship and carry
a cargo around Cape Horn to San Francisco,
it is not called commerce by these gentlemen;
but when a schooner loads at New York for
Rio Janeiro, then it is commerce. Why, is it
not as much commerce to trade around Cape
Horn to San Francisco, or across the conti-
nent from one ocean to another, as to sail a
ship between New York and Brazil? If the
gentleman's theory is correct, wc ought to see
an example in the city of New York. Is New
York going to decay?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. In point
of shipping.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So, sir, has old
Salem, Massachusetts, gone to decay in point
of shipping; its wharves have rotted and the
rats have got possession of them ; but Salem
never was so rich with all its ships as it is to-
day. Why, sir, Salem makes more money in
the making of shoes to send out to Illinois
than it ever made by its shipping.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, sir, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania says, I have
hardly got the glow on yet.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Irise now for the
purpose of moving the previous question, but
before doing so 1 will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent.]
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Appropriations, re-
ported back the amendments of the Senate to
the Indian appropriation bill, and moved that
the same be numbered and printed, and that
they be considered hereafter in the House
under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. RANDALL. That will not cut off the
reading of the amendments, will it?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not.
Mr. Sargent's motion was agreed to.
encouragement of foreign commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield now to
my colleague on the committee from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out all the
subsidy sections of the bill; that is, all of the
bill except the first section.
Mr. SHELLABARGER.. I now yield to
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] to offer
an amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the eighth
section of the bill by striking out in line four
the word "three " and inserting in lieu thereof
the word " two so that it will read :
That there shall be allowed and paid, under such
regulations as shall be established by the board of
commissioners of commerce, upon every first-class
sailing vessel of not less than two hundred tons
burden, hereafter constructed in the United States,
and launched and finished, the sum of twelve
dollars for each ton of the registered tonnage of any
such vessel.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio admit that amendment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do.
The SPEAKER. Then it will be consid-
ered as pending.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield now for
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Frye] to
offer an amendment.
Mr. FRYE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out sections two, three, four, six, and
seven, and by amending section five by insert-
ing after the word "authorized," in line two,
the words " under such regulations as shall be
by them established;" so that it will read:
That the board of commissioners of commerce is
hereby authorized, under such regulations as shall
be by them established, to offer a bounty of not
more than fifteen dollars per ton, to be paid eaoh
year for a period of five years, for the construction
in the united States of iron steamships, and twelve
dollars per ton for other steamships, of not less tban
one thousand tons each, nor exceeding five hundred
thousand tons in the aggregate, and not more than
one hundred thousand tons shall be authorized in
any one year, tho said ships to be employed ex-
clusively in the foreign trade: Provided. That there
shall be a deduction from such bounty in all cases
of the amount of any and all drawbacks of duty on
any imported material used in the construction of
such steamship, nor shall any steamship of any line
receiving a special appropriation of moneys as sub-
sidy or postal estimate or otherwise, by special act,
be entitled to the benefits of this act: And provided
further, That the annual payment of bounty author-
ized by this act shall not be made upon any vessel
entitled thereto under this actafter theline to which
it belonged when it became entitled to bounty shall
cease to perform the Service required by the pro-
visions and Stipulations under which it became
entitled to such bounty.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
considered as pending, and that exhausts the
power of amendment except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Townsend]
who desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I offer
the following amendment:
Sj-c. 8. That there shall be allowed and paid,
linder such regulations as shall be established by the
board ot commissioners of commerce, upon every
first-class sailing vessel of not less than three hun-
dred tons burden, hereafter constructed in the Uni-
ted btates, and launched and finished, the said ships
to be employed exclusively in foreign trade, the sum
of twelve dollars for eaoh ton of the registered ton-
nage of any such vessel.
Mr. COX, Is that amendment in order?
The SPEAKER, It is not) except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. COX, Then I object.
^ Mr. SHELLABARGER. I mdve the pre-
vious question. *
Mr. COX. I move that tho bill do lie on
the table.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 89, noes 62.
