THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
of the bill, there were—a3'es eighty-four, noes
not counted.
• So the bill was passed.
, Mr, LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by'which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE) FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
SOS, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
bill and joint resolution of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2871) to abolish the
grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy of the United States; and
Joint resolution (K. R. No. 184) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain David
Ritchie, commanding the revenue steamer
Moccasin, and th'e officers aud men under his
command.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1274) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
Creek Indians for the cession of a portion
of their reservation occupied by friendly In-
diana; and
An act. (S. No. 1425) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871.
NEW TRIALS IN COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following veto message from the President of
the United States:
To the Speaker of the Jfoune of Representative* ;
Sir: I herewith return tothellouso of Represent-
atives, in which it originated, II. It. No. 030, enti-
tled "An act in rotation to new trials in tlie Court of
ulauns,''without my. approval.
The object of tile bit t is to reduce from two years to
six months tho timo in which a now trial, upon tno-
tipuoi the united States,111 u,y bo granted in the Court
ot Claims.
_ Great difficultios aro now oxperioncod in contest-
ing fraudulent and unjast claims a«amst tlie Oovern-
ffiont.Prosoeutod in said court, and tho offoot of tiiia
B'U. it it becomes a law, will bo to increase thoso
aiUicultles. Persons sue in this court generally
with the advantage of a personal knowledge of
t.lie circumstances of the case, and aro prompted
by personal interest to activity in its preparation
lor trial, wluoli consists somotitnos in tlie produc-
tion of false testimony and tho suppression of tho
truth, wml© tho United States are dependent for
defense upon such inquiries as tho officers of tho
Government, generally strangers to the transaction,
arc enabled to make, not infrequently in 1 emote
parts of tho Country, and among those not averse
to depredations upon tho national Treasury. In-
stances navo occurred where tho exiting oppor-
tunities for anew trial have enabled the Govern-
ment to discover and defeat olaims that ought not
to have been allowed, after judgments thereon had
been rendered by tho Court of Claims.
by referring to the act which it is proposed to
modify it will be neen that the payment of judg-
ments recovered ia not necessarily suspended ior
two yeais. But where the proofs arc doubtful or
suspicious, the Government may appeal to the
bupremo Court, and in tho mean time may avail
itseli pf any discovery or revelation of new evidence
touching the facts of tho case.
I fail to soe the necessity or advantages of the
proposed change in the law, and whatever may be
the purposes of the bill, its effect, if passed. Iam
apprehensive Will be to facilitato the prosecution of
fraudulent claims against the United States. Be-
Jieying that justice can and will be done to honest
claimants in the Court of Claims as the law now
stands, and believing also that the proposed change
in the law wiii remove a valuable safeguard to t£e
must, Jor these reasons, respectfully
withhold my assent to the bill,
U.S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, January 22, 1873.
The message was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE IUOH THE PRESIDENT.
A message -was received fron* the President
of the United States, by Mr. Babcocr, one of
his Secretaries, notifying the House that ho had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 772) to incorporate the
Loomis" Aerial Telegraph Company ; and
An act (H. R. No 2840) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Ellie, of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts.
CONTESTED ELECTION DAKOTA.
Mr. MERRICK. I ask to take up the
report from the Committee of Elections in the
contested-election _case from Dakota. It will
save the House trouble if I make a brief state-
ment. The report of the committee goes to
the validity of the elections held on military
reservations, and also to elections held on In-
dian reservations. The Committee of Elec-
tions determined it was not valid under the
laws ot Dakota to hold an election precinct
within an Indian reservation ; but it also held
it was perfectlycompetentto holda poll within
a military reservation, because military res-
ervations are simply the temporary occupancy
of public lands by the Federal Government
without any severance of sovereignty so far as
the Territories are concerned.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not care to interrupt
the gentleman, but I make the poiut of order,
this day having been set apart for reports from
the Committee on Commerce, it is not in order
to call up a report from the Committee of
Elections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would sustain
tho point of order ; but this will take but little
time.
Mr.^ MERRICK. I do not believe it will
take tive minutes.
Mr. LYNCH. On that understanding I
withdraw my poiut.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland has been trying to get the floor for a
fortnight.
Mr. MERRICK. The report was printed
last April, and I wish merely to state suc-
cinctly the points of that report.
The committee find 011 that, state of the case,
admitting the validity of the returns of election
held in a military reservation, the sitting mem-
ber is duly entitled -to his seat,. They find
further, even throwing out, of view altogether
and dismissing the returns in favor of either
party from tho military reservation, there were
sufficient illegal votes thrown in behalf of the
contestant which, subtracted from his ac-
count, still leaves the sitting member entitled
to the seat. Without further discussion I sub-
mit a resolution that Mr. Armstrong is en-
titled to the seat, with a, supplemental resolu-
tion providing for the payment of the contest-
ants.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Moses K. Arjistcong was duly
electee^ and is entitled to retain his seat in the
rorty-becond Congress as Delegate from the Ter-
ritory ot Dakota.
Involved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to W. A. Burleigh $1,428, and to
a. Jj. bpink St-ObO, tho same being for their actual
reasonable and necessary expenses incurred in pros-
ecuting their contests for a seat in the House as
Delegate from tho Territory of Dakota.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded a separate vote
on each resolution.
_ The first resolution was agreed to unan-
lmonsly.
The House divided 011 the second resolution:
and there were—ayes 86, noes 42.
So the resolution was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that tho
rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. Bills of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were excepted when
to day was fixed for the special order.
rr?;r' ^as lllat exception made?
Ihe SPEAKER. It is so stated in the
Journal.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
76, noes 87.
So the motion was disagreed to.
LIFE-SATING STATIONS.
Mr. LYNCH, from tho Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3619) to
provide for the establishment of life-saving
stations on the coast of Maine and New Hamp-
shire ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. POTTER moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. LYNCH demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the result,
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee 011 Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution and bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 184) tenderingthe
thanks of Congress to Captain David Ritchie,
commanding the revenue steamer Moccasin,
and the officers and men under his command;
An act (H. R. No. 171) to provide for the
sale of a part of the light-house reservation
at Fort Gratiot, Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 2871) to abolish the
grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy of the United States ;
An act (H. R. No. 2878) to pay the county
of Ontario, in the State of New York, the sum
of $18,000;
An act (H. R. No. 2886) for the relief of
Margaret Fillebrown;
An act (H. R, No. 2943) to provide for the
erection of a public building at Nashville, Ten-
nessee ; and
A11 act (S.No. 1144) to give the bark Jewess
an American register.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave of absence for tea
days, on account of sickness in his family.
LOUIS BENEKE.
On motion of Mr. COMINGO, by unan-
imous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the
case of Louis Beneke, of Missouri.
Ihe result of the vote on the motion to
adjourn was then announced.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
_ By Mr. BIGGS: The memorial of the Na-
tional Prohibition Society of Delaware, Allen
(xauthrop, president, and Emma Worrell, sec-
retary, asking a commission of inquiry con-
cerning the results of the traffic in intoxicating
liquors ; also of restricted and prohibitory legis-
lation for the suppression of intemperance.
t 1 -^■^'-TONThe petition of William
Lloyd and others, asking air appropriation to
improve the harbor at Potomac City, Virginia,
Also, the petition of John M. Fant and Wil-
liam E. Franklin, trustees of St. Paul's Church,
Fauquier county, Virginia, asking an appro-
priation of $683 to repair their church.
By Mr BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Melvin Ingle, praying a pension.
Also, the petition of Jacob H. Hybarger
praying arrears of pay. '
By Mr ELY: The petition of William Bram-
nail ana others, for a breakwater at Cuttv-
hunk, opposite New Bedford. •
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan : The peti-
tion ot H. Bliven and others, asking Con-
gress to grant title to a certain lake on his land
By Mr. McCOttMICK, of Arizona: The
memorial of John Holroyd, in regard to cer-
tain inventions and improvements.
