1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
1602) to provide for the expenses of the in-
vestigation of the recent senatorial election in
Kansas.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the hill (S. No. 1203) creating a
commission-to adjust the compensation of the
several claimants for damages for depredations
by rebel cruisers; to be discharged Out of the
indemnity fund awarded by the tribunal of
arbitration at Geneva, to be paid by Great
Britain to the United States, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. NYE, Mr. SAULSBURY, and Mr.
SAWYER submitted amendments intended
to be proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No.
3921) making appropriations for sundry, civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1874, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. CORBETT submit-
ted amendments,intended to be proposed by
them to the bill (H. R. No. 3922) making ap-
propriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes ; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
agricultural college.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. - ijo. 093) to provide for the further
endowment and support of colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,
and the liberal and practical education of the
industrial classes in the several pursuits and
professions in life, and established under an act
of Congress approved July 2, 1862, is before
the Senate. :
Mr. THURMAN. I move4nowto amend
the first section of the amendment under con-
sideration, in the ninth line, by inserting after
the.word "State", the word? "and Terri-
tories," so as to bring the Territories within
the benefits of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question, the Chair understands, is on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wisdom.]
Mr. THURMAN. I beg pardon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported by the Secretary.
The Chief Cierk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in section three, line
seven, after the word " dollars" to insert "or
in the aggregate $1,000,000;" so that the pro-
viso will read :
Provided, That in no ease shall the total appro-
priation under this act to such college or colleges or
institution, in any one State, or in said District, ex-
ceed in any single year tho sum of $50,000, or m the
aggregate $1,000,000.
Mr. GASSBRLY. Why should there be
any objection to that amendment? Fifty thou-
sand dollars a year for twenty years wouM
amount to $1,000,000, the limitation proposed
by the Senator from Minnesota. A college
which, after receiving aid for twenty years at
the rate of $50,000 a year, requires more aid,
is a college that never will support itself, that
never will be a success. The limitation of the
Senator from Minnesota is an extremely lib-
eral one. I can conceive of no ground upon
which that amendmentis opposed here, except
the ground of which >ve have heard so often,
and indeed too much, that no amendment to
this bill is to be permitted by the majority
upon the plea that to do so will probably de-
feat it in the House. Is that an admissible
ground to take in this body, especially in re-
gard to such a bill? On irs face the bill has
marks of the most unusual crudeness and
hasie. Some of them have been pointed out;
ottiei's doubtless wtllbb pointed out before this
debate is terminated, it has had ho consid-
eration from any committee of this body, no
consideration from any committee of the other
House ;■ and yet we are notified over and over,
3S if one such notification were not more than
enough, that no amendment to this bill is to
be permitted.
Somethirlg was said of the dignity of the
Senate. I may be very far wrong in my idea
of the dignity of the Senate ; but I think if
there is to be a question as to the proper com-
prehension of that important subject, it may
well be doubted whether it does not comport
much more with the dignity of the Senate to
insist on considering fully a bill which has been
nowhere else considered, to insist upon amend-
ing a bill whieh is an entire new departure in
our whole system, and which may endanger
the power of Congress to deal with the public
lands, and not to permit such a bill as that to
pass until it has received that consideration
and those amendments, than it does to insist
by mere force 6f numbers, without debate or
due consideration, and by a stubborn resist-
ance to all amendments, to put through this
bill With all its imperfections on its head.
It was not a wise thing for the supporters
of this bill, as it seems to me, to announce in
advance their determination to suffer no ame-
lioration Wf the bill. One of the functions of
the Senate, in general body, is to consider bills,
to amend them where that is necessary, and
certainly it can never be cause for just rebuke
or criticism that the Senate insists on per-
forming that function to the best of its ability.
What 1 am amazed at is, that with the end of
the session now not more than five or six days
distant, with the possibilities of a special ses-
sion staring us in the face, we are kept here as
in a vice by the numerical majority which
supports this bill, compelled to debate it, com-
pelled to make effort after effort to amend it,
at such risks and perils as surround a proceed-
ing of that sort at this stage of a session.
Why, sir, numberless objections have been
stated here of different gravity, some of them
of the very highest, and' with the utmost
deference to the Senators on the other side, I
have to say that the most serious of those
objections have not been answered at all, and,
in a majority of cases, no attempt was made
to answer them. As the Senator from Ohio
showed a while ago, section three is so care-
lessly drawn that it is impossible of execution.
The very first step that is taken to execute
this law, if it is a practical step, will involve a
violation of it by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and yet even that error it seems is not to
be eradicated. The majority will suffer no
amendment of the bill, either in that or in
any other respect.
1 hope, sir, that the very just and proper
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota
will be adopted for the reasons that I have
stated, and for many others that I might state,
but which,will occur to every Senator. To
sura it all up in one word, when any college,
agricultural or otherwise, cannot support itself
after receiving an annuity of $50,000 a year
for twenty years, it had better stop, and a col-
lege which has not siiceeded within that time,
after all that assistance, never will be a success,
and on that ground, too, it had better be
abandoned. It is like the withered tree that
bears-neither fruits nor flowers nor leaves;
let it be cut down and cast into the fire.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I am not
here to' offer any words of complaint at the
course any Senator may see proper to pursue
in regard to this bill, but I am here to protest
that the minority of the Senate should not offer
complaints that the majority of the Senate see
proper to persist in a course that they believe
calculated to advance the interests of educa-
tion, in a course that they believe rests upon
them here in order to advance the system of
education, to persist in their determination to
give a direction to a share of the public lands-
eminently proper in the judgment of a major-
ity of the Senate. I say, while not complaining
of the minority at all, for which each and every
Senator has here his own responsibility, and
deals with this subject in that way which
satisfies his own judgment and his own con-
science regarding his own responsibility to the
country, I do protest that the majority of
the Senate shall not be the subject of crimina-
tion and criticism Upon the part of the minor-
ity. We have sat patiently by and voted upon
the bill. We have not consumed the time of
the Senate. We have shown every disposition
that we could show of our willingness to dis-
pose of this bill in the manner in which the ma-
jority of Congress, both of the House of Rep-
resentatives and of the Senate, believe to be
proper and right. We have heard misrep-
resentations with regard to the bill time and
again, and they have gone uncontradicted.
It has been asserted on this floor that this
bill has never received the consideration of
any committee of Congress. My information
is that the bill was reported by a committee in
the House of Representatives; it was consid-
ered in the House of Representatives, the
popular branch of the Government, and passed
by the House of Representatives, and comes
to us indorsed and sanctioned by that body.
We have heard without complaint a state-
ment upon the part of the honorable Senator
from Minnesota going to show that $1,000,000
under this bill is to be forever appropriated
and dedicated to the use of each one of these
agricultural colleges. That Senator represents
a State that has received seven million acres of
the public domain for the purposes of education.
We have heard on the other side the Senator
from Ohio declare that this is a mere bagatelle,
that all there ia in the bill would do the col-
leges no good, for the proceeds of the sales of
the public lauds only amount to $3,000,000 a
year, and are diminishing year by year, and
that we are to get but one half of these pro-
ceeds, and that in forty years we would not
realize $40,000,000 under the operations of
the bill now before the Senate. Then, again,
we have the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, who rises in his place and says this bill is
impossible of execution and will fiall still-born
upon the statute-book if passed by Congress,
and so he argues that it is useless to go for-
ward debating the' bill any longer. In answer
to all this, we have simply voted on the amend-
ments that have been proposed, and ask to be
allowed to vote on the bill.
The Senator from Minnesota, who is so
watchful of the interests of the colored peo-
ple, says they are to be ostracised under this
appropriation by the Government, and they
are to be driven from the public schools. We
sympathize in the tender kindness that he has
for the colored people, and we say to that hon-
orable Senator that we stand ready when this
bill passes to go with him toward perfecting
it by such amendments as he may in the
tenderness of his nature see proper to bring
forward for the purpose of securing all the peo-
ple in all their rights, without regard to race,
color, or previous condition, under the opera-
tion of this bill. So far as the colored people
of this nation are concerned,, the poor people
and the rich people, if under the operations
of this bill all men without regard to race or
color are not permitted to share alika in its
benefits, then we stand ready to be condemned
before the country for the course that we have
pursued with regard to this measure; but
until the operations of the bill are shown by
experience to be unequal and unjust, I con-
tend that we shall not be adjudged guilty of
any want of good faith' in failing to incorpor-
ate such amendments as to the mind of the
minority of the Senate are proper to make to
this bill such as will secure its defeat in their
estimation. For mark you, Mr. President,
every Senator who addresses the Chair on the
subject of this bill, when interrogated with
regard to the effect of his amendment, comes
forward and states that even though hisamend-
ment should be adopted he would still be
opposed to the bill, agreeing in the statement
