1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ever been discussed or looked into in the
House of Representatives, I am sure the bill
could not have come over in that shape, and
therefore my inference is that it has been over-
looked.
But then the bill comes here carrying with
it perhaps a question of constitutional law, and
for that reason I should like to have it referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. We know
that direct taxation and representation must
go together. We know that when the agricul-
tural college bill of 1862 was adopted the land
was distributed, not according to States but
according to the representation of the States.
Nebraska, with three representatives, one in
the House and two in the Senate, received
thirty thousand acres for each member, mak-
ing ninety thousand in the aggregate. A State
with twenty Representatives and two Senators
got in proportion thirty thousand acres of land
for each one of her Representatives, and
that was a distribution according to States,
according to the constitutional provision. This
bill comes here without complying with what I
believe from inference to be the proper mode
of distribution. Therefore I fear it comes in
conflict with the Constitution on that subject.
But, sir, it is in conflict also with the abso-
lute common sense view of the necessity of
the freedmen of this country. A proposition
has been voted down here to allow the poor
and ignorant of the southern States to have
the advantage of this fund for common schools.
I say, therefore, that the country will believe
that the men who voted away this large amount
to colleges that do not stand specially in need
of it, and will not let it be distributed for the
benefit of the poor of both colors in the south-
ern States, are not the friends of the education
of the toiling masses of the people ; for cer-
tainly you know as well as I that if we shall
devote one half of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands to the establishment of these
colleges you have no other half to appropri-
ate or that you dare appropriate to sustaining
common schools in the country. Therefore
when men professing such a love for the col-
ored man and for his posterity stand here and
vote away an amount that may be swelled
to $94,000,000 to agricultural colleges, pass-
ing by those who have never had the privi-
lege of a common school education, they
stamp themselves with inconsistency before
the common sense views of the people of
this country. That is the fact in regard to it.
That question has been tried here in the Sen-
ate of the United States. The proposition has
been made to let this fund go for the benefit
of the poor and unfortunate in those States;
but no, it must go to the colleges ; and you
have no children from the ranks of those who
need this aid to go to your colleges, and you
will not have in the lifetime of the present
generation any necessity for your colleges until
you bring up your common school scholars
and prepare them for your colleges.
Then, again, that test has been applied in
regard to the amount to be appropriated to the
District of Columbia with its large number of
unfortunate colored people all along its streets
and thoroughfares. We asked you to give
this grant to "the common schools in the
District of Columbia." You said, "no, but
we will consecrate it for the purpose of pre-
serving reptiles in the museum over in the
Smithsonian Institute." Thus again you are
brought to the test; and thus again you thor-
oughly trample down and disregard every
pledge you ever made to the needy colored
man for the education of his children.
This bill comes in conflict also with the
demands of the soldiers. The House of Rep-
resentatives voted a contribution to the soldiers.
I am not in favor of that proposition in that
form, but after they have given the soldiers a
claim to these lands they come in the next
day and vote them away to agricultural col-
leges.
Again, it comes in conflict with the homo-
stead policy of the country; and this point I
dwelt upon especially yesterday in the begin-
ning of this discussion, and shall pass it by
hastily now.
Again, it comes in conflict with the proper
treatment of the States, as I believe, in regard
to educational questions. The States are
ignored in this bill; the States are passed by.
The transaction is between the colleges direct
and the Congress of the United States, and thus
the Congress of the United States recognizes
these colleges everywhere, and votes down a
proposition to allow the donation to go to* the
States in trust for the purposes of education
in the States. That proposition also has been
negatived here in the Senate of the United
States.
Again, it violates the principles of the plat-
forms of all the political parties of the country.
In your Philadelphia platform you claimed
that the public I mds ought to be sacred for
homes for the homeless. That has gone into
the political piriforms of this nation ; and at
such a time as this, when the lands ought to be
held for the homeless not only of our own but
of other countries who shall come here seek-
ing for residences and permanent habitations,
we are called upon to turn back upon all these
political professions, to take back all that we
have said and done on the subject, and say
" No, a very small fraction of these lands shall
be left for homes for the homeless ; we will
encourage the sale of land and pledge the
proceeds of those sales to future generations."
The country will see and will understand this
also.
Again, the point is made that this measure
may involve an increase of the public debt to
the amount of a great many millions of dol-
lars in the issuing of new bonds, instead ot
the purchase of bonds for the use of the va-
rious States. This point has been presented
and the conclusion is legitimate according to
the proposition of the bill that we have before
us to-day.
All these and other objections rise up in
the way of this bill. Why should they not
be considered? There is no hurry about
this bill ; education is not suffering for want
of this donation. The donations that have
been made heretofore have been administered
in some places partially, in some places
scarcely at all, and very seldom with any very
great degree of success; and yet gentlemen
come here and crowd aside all the important
legislation of Congress for the purpose of
driving through a bill which has reached the
Senate in some manner, and they are not very
accuiate in regard to how it reached here.
I say, therefore, there has been good ground
of opposition on the part of those who have
been contending for an examination of this
subject by the Committee on Public Lands or
the Committee on the Judiciary. If it is true
that our whole land system is ultimately to be
affected by this proposition, the members of
the Committee on Public Lands would be
recreant to their duty to this body that appoints
them and to the country they desire to serve if
they were not to stand here and explain,
briefly as may be, the reasons why they are
not ready to vote for the bill. When the prop-
osition is brought in here distinctly, as was
done by the Senator from Minnesota, I believe,
that this bill be so guarded that it shall never
hereafter interfere with the homestead and
the preemption laws of the country, there is
no more desire shown to give that protection
to the bill and to the homestead interests of
the country than there is in other amendments
presented to it. The decree has gone forth
that it is not to be amended at all, but that it
is to be forced through the Senate just as it
has come here from the HousS of Represent-
atives.
I would not have felt that I had discharged
my duty to the Senate had I not taken as much
interest in this question as I have. Identified
with the citizens on the public lands, understand-
ing their wants, understanding their necessi-
ties, knowing that for most of them the Govern-
ment has done more and better than they yet
have reciprocated in taking care of their landed
interests for education, I stand here to do jus-
tice to them and justice to myself as I under-
stand my duty. This bill places Nebraska with
her three hundred thousand people, if we can
make out that number, on the same footing
with other States; it will give to the three hun-
dred thousand people of Nebraska the same
identically that it gives to the State of New
York with her almost five millions.
While I would be strongly tempted to take
it as a gift from the Congress of the United
States in behalf of that small population, there
is no justice in that mode of distribution, and
I am pretty certain that it is in violation of the
spirit of the Constitution of the United States.
Then the bill is a fraud upon its face; it is a
cheat; it is a delusion, barefaced and bald as
ever was presented for the purpose of gulling
an unsuspecting and confiding constituency in
this: it says to them "we are lifting offyou the
burdens of taxation; and yet we have a pro-
cess by which we can take out of your pocket
$50,000,000 and supply it without placing upon
you any burden whatever." Every dollar in
the Treasury to-day is pledged for the payment
of the public debt. Every dollar to-day in the
Treasury is under a sacred mortgage. Every
dollar taken out of the Treasury for this pur-
pose has to go back in some other form,
and when you take out to-day a million dol-
lars and give it to the agricultural colleges
you tax the people a million dollars to-
morrow and put the million back into the
Treasury to place it under the mortgage from
which you released a million yesterday.
That is the process ; and if it is not a direct
tax it is an indirect tax that every man bears
and sustains while we are accumulating reve-
nue to make up the deficiency by virtue of ab-
stracting this from the Treasury, while accum-
ulating revenue by our imposts and collecting
it through the custom-houses of the country,
we bear the taxation. It is given to the peo-
ple, and the people are taxed to make it up to
themselves! The deception cannot long last
and the people will understand how carefully
we are guarding their interests here.
Having said this much, trusting that the bill
will lie upon the table or be disposed of other-
wise than enacted into a law at the present
time, in order that it may get back to the
House of Representatives before that body and
be discussed there, whenever we believe that
there is a fair, honorable disposition of the
question, we will abide the decision of the
Congress of the United States certainly with
just as much alacrity as any other Senators
upon this floor.
Mr. WINDOM. I have not risen for the
purpose of making a speech; but I fully ap-
preciate the temptation that the friends of this
bill will feel to answer my honorable friend
from Nebraska; and I am very anxious to
reach a vote on this proposition of mine. It
was offered as early as ten o'clock last night,
and I am anxious to secure a vote on it. I
appeal to the friends of the bill not to indulge
in further discussion until we have acted on
this one amendment at least. I wish to modify
the amendment, however, by making it con-
form to the Senate bill,-inserting " six hun-
dred and twenty five thousand" instead of
"one million," so that we shall limit the
aggregate amount that can be received by any
one college to the amount we formerly decided
in the Senate bill was proper. Trusting that
the friends of the measure will let us have a
vote, I will not indulge in further remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the amendment be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as
modified reads:
After the word " dollars," in line twenty-five, page
7, insert " or in the aggregate, $625,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
