THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
■ Mr. SHERMAN also, from the Committee
on Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1217) relating to the payment of duties,
reported adversely thereon; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to -whom was referred the bill
(S  No. 1279) to fix the compensation of the
deputy collector of customs at St. Paul, re-
ported it without amendment.
" He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1135) to amend
dn act entitled "An act increasing temporarily
the duties on imports, and for other purposes,"
reported it without amendment^
He also, from the same committee, to whom
Was referred a report of the Secretary of War,
transmitting a copy of the report of Major
C. B. Comstoek, of the corps of engineers, in
relation to the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes, moved that it be printed;
which was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Territories, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2629) amendatory of an
act setting aside certain proceeds of internal
revenue for the erection of penitentiaries in
the Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Colo-
rado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota,
approved January 22, 18(37, to report it back
favorably without amendment and ask for its
present passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object, in the interest
of all the people on the Calendar whose pri-
vate bills have been reported long ago, and
who in this very way will never be reached.
The 'PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Objection being made
to the consideration of the bill, it will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WINDOM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1409) fixing a minimum price
to the lauds remaining to the United States
within the limits of grants for rail and wagon-
roads, to report it without amendment and ask
that it be put on its passage now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the same-objec-
tion.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WINDOM. I know the Senator will
not object if he will allow me to state what
the bill is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly shall, for the
reason that there are a hundred bills on the
Calendar still, to which there will be no objec-
tion when we reach them, that have been re-
ported for weeks or months; and if one is
taken up in this way we shall have to take up
others, and those reported heretofore will have
uo chance.
Mr. WINDOM. I will say that the bill sim-
ply prevents speculators taking land at $1 25,
and provides that they shall pay $2 60 an acre
for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot be tempted even
by that.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 081) for the relief of Edmund J ussen, and
the bill (S. No. 1362) for the relief of Edmund
Jussen, moved that they be postponed indefi-
nitely ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R, No. 3443) for the
relief of Edmund Jussen, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Iam instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
was referred the claim of the Northwestern
Fur Company, to make a report, and ask
that the report be priuted and the committee
I wilt say in regard to it that this is a claim
made by the company for supplies furnished
Indians at Fort Union during the month of
March, 1866. They had previously made appli-
cation for the payment of a bill for supplies fur-
nished from November, 1866. to March, 1867.
The committee reported upon that bill in Feb-
ruary, 1871, and the bill was rejected, the report
being adverse. Now there is a bill made out
and sworn to, two days after that bill was re-
jected, by the agent of that superintendency,
for supplies furnished eight, months previous
to the first bill; and it is very difficult for the
committee to understand with what propriety
a claim could be made for supplies furnished
at a certain time which did not embrace sup-
plies furnished eight months before ; and it is
also very difficult for the committee to under-
stand how the agent could determine the par-
ticulars of a bill five years after the supplies
had been furnished. These are the reasons
why the committee reject the claim.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2437) to ^rant a pension to
Martin Zeeb, reported it without amendment.
He also, ifrom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. li. No. 2438) grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Mary Davis, of Phila-
delphia, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2439) grant-
ing a pension to Jane D. Mumford, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 834) to restore the office of
Director of the Bureau of Statistics, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1802) granting a pension to John Nich-
man, submitted an adverse report, which
was ordered to be printed; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2536) grant-
ing a pension to Maria L. Lee, submitted an
adverse report, which was ordered to be
priuted; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2957) grant-
ing a pension to Mary E. Cochran, submitted
an adverse report, which was ordered to be
printed; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2535) for the
relief of the minor children of Captain Wil-
liam E. Sachen, .submitted an adverse report,
which was ordered to be printed; and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Alfred F. Watson,
praying that a pension be granted to two or-
phan children of Samuel L. Carter, reported
adversely thereon; and the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition.
Mr. HITCHCOCK, from the Conmittee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2593) to readjust (he western
boundary of Dakota Territory, reported it
without amendment.
william andrews.
Mr. HOWE. Some time last session the
Senate referred to the Committee on Claims a
bill (H. R. No. 1940) for the relief of William
Andrews. In June last a member of the
House from Vermont, having some interest
iu the case—I do not know exactly what—
borrowed the papers from the committee-
room, and not having returned them he was
iuquired of recently what had become of them,
and says the papers have been referred to
the Treasury Department, and the case may
therefore be considered as withdrawn. I do
not know exactly how to relieve the Commit-
tee on Claims, unless I do what I propose,
and that is to move that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
that bill, that it be indefinitely postponed,
and that Mr. Andrews have leave to withdraw
his papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that order will be made.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1439) to transfer the control of certain powers
and duties in relation to the Territories to the
Department of the Interior; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduces bill (S.
No. 1440) to refund a duplicate tax ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
condensation of debates.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of having
thedebatesofthe Thirty-Seventh and Thirty-Eighth
Congresses condensed by a competent person, and
the condensation published by authority of Congress
or its publication aided; and that such committoe
report by bill, resolution, or otherwise.
mail steamship service to australia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no further resolutions the Calendar is in order.
Mr. NYE. 1 move to take up Senate bill
No. 49.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise for the purpose
of making an inquiry of the Chair. 1 should
like to inquire what becomes of the unfinished
business undisposed of yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
come up at one o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is Senate bill
No. 49?
Mr. NYE. It is a bill authorizing the
establishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and Australia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
not insist on that. Here we have been trying
for several mornings to get on with private
bills for poor people, claimants and pension-
ers, on the Calendar. Now, to take up the
half hour we have left on a bill which must
create large discussion, and necessarily meet
with opposition, would be an act of injustice.
Mr. NYE. Perhaps I can save the honorable
Senator from Vermont the little scolding he
wants to give me 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to give you.
a little scolding ; it is a big one.
Mr. NYE. This is a bill in which I have felt
a considerable interest, as the Senate will
remember, and I rose more for the purpose of
bringing it before them, to see if the Senate
will not fix an evening, within two or three
days, to consider it and hear me on the subject.
I wish to pass this bill. It is pretty well known
that my time here is short, and I am liable to
be called away even before the expiration of
my legal time. I am very anxious to get a
hearing on this bill; and therefore, if 1 can-
not get it now, I wish the Senate to do me the
favor to assign me some evening to consider
this bill and nothing else; and for the purpose
of bringing it to the test, whether they will
grant me this privilege 'or not, I ask that
Friday evening be fixed for this purpose.
Mr. FENTON. To-morrow?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether he expects a vote on any even-
ing on this measure ?
Mr. NYE. I expect a vote if I can get one.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are several Sen-
