1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1757
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota,
as modified, to the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Fentox.]
Mr. IiAMSEY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Buckingham.] He would, if present,
vote '"nay," and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yea3 and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messr«. Casse.'.y, Chandler. Cole, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Ferry of Michigan. Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hircheoek, Lewis,
Maehen, Morton, Saulsbury, ,Schurz, Sherman,
Stevenson, Xlmrman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Win-
dotn—^1.
XAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Blair, P,ore-
man, Brownlow, Clayton, Corbett. ijdmunds, Flan-
agan, iYeluighujsen, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnston,
Logan, Morrill of M.iine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Oaborn, Patterson, Pool. Ransom, Rice, Sawyer,
Sprague. Wilson, and Wright—2B.
AiJSEXT—Me-.-r^. Ames, B.iyard, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Cragm, Davi«, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Howe, Kelly, Norwood, Pomeroy, Pratt, Pvamsey,
Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Vickers, and West—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WINDOM. Knowing that the Senate
is very weary of this bill and very anxious to
proceed with the public business, and appre-
ciating the full necessity for that, I will make
a suggestion to my friend from Vermont that
by unanimous agreement we non concur in
the House amendment and let a committee
of conference make such amendments as may
he deemed proper, each member of the Senate
being at liberty 10 ac as lie chooses, of course,
when the conference committee reports. That
will dispose of it, and we can proceed then
with the public business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regret that
this proposition had not been offered earlier;
but at the same time, under the pressing ne-
cessities of the public business, I shaii make
do objeciion to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis moved
that the Senate non-concur in the amendment
of the House of Representatives, and ask for
a committee of conference.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that will not
be done. I am unwilling that any committee
of conference should distribute s>7-5,0l)0.000
of the people's money without full discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this will not be
done. I should have voted for it a few days
ago ; but after what has occurred, although 1
care very little about this bill indeed—I do not
know that it will attain the great and good ob-
jects that the tnoversof it have m view ; I have ]
some doubt about it—I do not propose to vote
tu kili this bill in this way. If it is to die, let
it die by exhaustion and mail-fashion ; but do
not let us delude ourselves into the notion that
after we get the report of a conference commit-
tee we are going to agree to that, because that
will be talked to death just the same.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know what the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Khmi'xds] means
by '' what has occurred." It is true we have
spent one day ill tne discussion of tliis bill. It
is also true within the recollection of the Sen-
ate that the Senator from Vermont stood up '
here three days within the last week opposing j
a bill that appropriated only $l,oU0.U00. It I
is well known that the Senator from Vermont I
spent one whole day upon a mere technicality, I
not permitting a committee to report back a |
bill that the Senate desired to act upon. I I
do not think the Senator has any right to j
criticise what has been done in view of this. |
This is n bill appropriating nearly eighty
times as much as the bill presented by three
Stales here a few day-* ago which the Sen- i
ator (ought for three whole days and fiually !
di'ieuted, Of courso the Senator has n right |
to object if he chooses; and if the Senate
wishes to continue this discussion I have no
sort of objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to my good-natured friend from Minnesota.
He taunts me with having obstructed the public
business, in retort I suppose for my having
referred to what has occurred, as if he believes
that what has occurred is not altogether cred-
itable to him. I did not say anything of that
kind.
Mr. WINDOM. I thought what had oc-
curred was not altogether creditable to the
Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will be
kind enough to allow me to occupy the floor
while I have it, I shall be much obliged to
; him, or I will wait until my friend from Min-
nesota is through, whichever pleases him best.
When I merely refer to what has occurred
it seems I am accused of having said some-
thing that excites the ire of my distinguished
friend from Minnesota, and he immediately
remembers that I stood up and on a technic-
ality, as he called it, prevented a committtee
from reporting a bill. The Senator, as even
he sometimes does, has forgotten the truth.
I did not object to a committee reporting the
bill, although it might seem that the commit-
tee reporting the bill to which he refers,
which was an appropriation for the Board of
Public Works here, were acting as a mere
puppet of somebody outside of this Chamber
and were determined to refuse amendments
that had been put on to exactly a similar
bill the year before.
I did not object to that bill being reported.
On the contrary, I stated publicly in my place
that I would make no objection to the commit-
tee reporting that bill and having it considered
then. But the Senator, proud of his conscious
power as he supposed, thought that he would
exercise his will and compel the Senate to vote
to discharge the committee on a given day and
consider the bill then. For the public interests
on other bills, and not caring for that, I did
make the point that be had not a right to do
it. The Senate so determined. Now, I leave
the Senate to judge between my friend and
me as to which of us occupied an attitude
obstructive of the public business, as to which
of us occupied an attitude which is a subject
of criticism. I stood by the law, the law in-
tended to protect this body against surprises,
and at the same time offered to my friend the
olive-branch, or whatever you please to call
it, that he might report the bill by unanimous
consent. He did not choose to do it. He
wauted to try his power, and he had the
benefit of the experiment.
Now the Senator says that I occupied two
or three days in talking, as I must assume he
means against time, on the two per cent. bill.
In the first place, I did not occupy two or three
days. In the second place, 1 did not talk
against time. I have never heard anybody
accuse me of doing that. There was time
enough to consider the bill, and it was fairly
considered. No captious amendment or cap-
tious opposition of any kind was offered to it,
and the fair vote of the Senate was taken. If
I have sinned in that I giory in the sin.
Mr. WINDOM. I had no idea of calling
the Senator from Vermont to account or of
attempting to read a lecture to him. Par be
it from me to attempt any such thing. But as
the Senator seemed disposed to criticise what
had been done within the last twenty-four
hours I merely thought proper to call the
attention of the Senate to what had been done
on a previous bill of far less importance. As
to who has forgotten the truth about it I will
not discuss. I leave it to the Senate to say
whether there was any technical obstruction
on the first day that the two per cent, bill was
acted upon. If there were not, then I did not
understand the rules, and 1 misunderstood
wholly my honorable friend from Vermont,
As to any charge that he intentionally ob-
structed business on those three days by debate,
I do not mean to charge any such thing. I
think the Globe will show, however, that a
very large proportion of those three days was
occupied by my honorable friend, and occu-
pied very valuably, too. I do not think my
honorable friend ever could debate a question
merely for the sake of delay, for he is always
so well advised on every possible question
that comes up in the Senate, and takes such
complete and perfect control of every charac-
ter of business that comes in, that I am per-
fectly satisfied that whatever he may say on
any subject is not taking time unnecessarily,
but is instructing the' Senate, as he should do
and as it is his duty to do, and our pleasure
to listen to, on every bill that comes up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, having manifested my own disposition
for accommodation to the extreme point, I
now trust that the friends of the national col-
lege bill will adhere to it and will come to a
vote as speedily as possible upon all amend-
ments that may be presented.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire what has
become of the motion to which the Senator
from Vermont a moment ago had no objection
to non-concur, and let the bill go to a com-
mittee of conference ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
pending motion.
Mr. CONKLING. And having said that he
had no objection to it, I now understand the
Senator to appeal to those favoring the bill 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I under-
stood that the motion could be defeated by a
single objection.
Mr. CONKLING. How can it be defeated
by a single objection ? It is a motion pending
before the body, and has priority of any other
] motion that might be made,
j Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not priority of the
| motion to concur.
| Mr. CONKLING. But it has priority of
j many other motions. It has been made and
I is pending, and I believe but oue Senator ex-
| cept the Senator's colleague has expressed any
I objection to it.
Mr. ^MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
l from Kentucky objected.
Mr. CONKLING. I say but one Senator
except the Senator's colleague ; that makes
two Senators, and therefore I do not under-
stand the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ken-
tucky withdraws his objection. Then I think
we had better at least vote on this question
before we go to something else.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I have
been inclined to support the general policy of
this bill. I am inclined to do anything that
can constitutionally be done to promote educa-
tion in the States, and especially in the south-
ern States. This bill, as 1 understand it, steers
clear of all constitutional objections. It does
not propose to take education into Federal
hands to be dealt with as a subject of Federal
jurisdiction: but it does dispose of public
lands very liberally, perhaps lavishly, or rather
the avails of the lands, to the States, to be
administered by States. There is nothing un-
constitutional in this. But while lam inclined
to favor the general purpose of this bill, there
are objections to some of its details which, on
i reflection, I think are insurmountable. They
are not trifles, they are substantial, so sub-
stantial and so important that the Senator from
Vermont himself, who has charge of the bill
and who is extremely anxious to pass it, has
stated to the Senate that he regrets the pro-
visions to which I allude.
Now, why should a bill of this importance
and thus defective be crowded through in the
closing honrs of the session ? Is there any fear
that the American people will lose their inter-
est in education during the next six months?
Congress will meet again on the 1st day of
