urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
December. Will not education be as near the
public heart at that time as it is now ? Will
it not be ap object which Congress will be as
much disposed to pherishthen as now? When
before was a bill disposing of seventy-five mil-
lions of public money or that amount in the
avails of the public lands hurried and driven
through Congress with confessed imperfec-
tions—not imperfections in form, merely, but
going to the substance—upon the grounds that
it ipight be amended by subsequent legisla-
tion? ' If that is a good answer to necessary
amendments here, it is upon every other bill.
A bill is moved in the Senate; some member
proposes to amend it; and was it (ever said
before, " Oh, do not amend it, let us pass it
in its imperfect form, and amend it at the
next session?"
I admit that there might be emergencies in
which a bill ought thus to be passed. There
are some bills, for instance, appropriation bills,
which must be passed at a particular session
or the Government must stop. Certainly I
would not vote against such a bill because it
contaiped some provision which I objected to,
ansi which might be corrected by subsequent
legislation. , But such is not the case here.
W hat is the explanation of this haste ? Why
must this bill pass in February, 1873, rather
than in any other month or year? The pub
lie lands will not run away during the recess
of Cqngress. Congress will not assemble here
in December without its ordinary wits and
senses, nor without a disposition to favor edu-
cation. I must confess there seems to be some
reason why this bill should be passed now that
does not appear upon the surface. I am cer-
tain my friend from Vermont is not thinking
of any such -thing ; but if this is a fair bill, one
that can stand the ordeal of public discussion,
I cannot see why it should be driven through
in such haste, and with such material imper-
fections.
Without going into any general discussion of
it, for I have not devoted to it the time neces-
sary for that purpose, there are two or three
provisions which I cannot approve. One is
that the bill, making no provision for the sup-
port of the common schools in this District,
grants money in aid of a great museum in the
Smithsonian Institute. It is not charity ; it is
not sense ; it is not a wise disposition of pub-
lic money.
This District is peculiarly situated. It is
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Con-
gress. The States govern themselves par-
tially. The States have complete jurisdiction
over the subject of education. The District
of Columbia has no Legislature to look to
but, this; and here, in disposing of this vast
amount of public money with reference to the
District of Columbia, we totally ignore the
whole system of common school education,
and devote as much as we give New York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, or any of the larger
States, to a museum in the Smithsonian In-
stitute.
Mr. President, it is a proper test of any
measure to inquire how it will strike the peo-
ple. I have come, especially since the last
political campaign, to entertain more respect
than ever for the judgment and common sense
of the people. They deal less with technical-
ities, they are little moved by the feverish ex-
citements which actuate a small body like this.
Toiling in the fields, and listening to the voices
of nature, being of sound health, breathing
pure air every moment they regard the sub-
stance of tilings, and their conclusions are
generally right. I would like to see any man
go upon the stump before the people of Wis-
consin to defend the action of Congress in
passing a bill appropriating so large a sum of
money for a museum in Washington, and re-
jecting an amendment to <devote the same
money to the use of common schools in the
District of Columbia. If we were establish-
ing a national museum inNew York, it would
be less absurd, because New York has made jj
provision for common school education. This
cannot be said of this District. It is the duty
of Congress, and of Congress alone, fo> pro-
vide for common schools in this District.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I say
to my friend from Wisconsin that my only
purpose, in accepting the proposition—the
committee of conference—was to stop debate.
If the debate is to go on, I do not propose to
accept it.
" Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend from
Vermont cannot determine whether he wishes
to oppose or support that proposition it is not
my fault. After the motion was made, andhe
accepted it, I should have voted for it in
silence. He subsequently retracted his con-
sent, and called upon the friends of the bill to
pass it in its present form.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I thought
then that as a question of order one objection
would defeat the motion.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am not answerable
for the suppositions, well-founded or ill-
founded, of the Senator. I take him upon his
recorded action. He made the motion to non-
concur and send this bill to a committee of
conference, or rather it was made by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, and concurred in by the
Senator from Vermont. I should have voted
for that without inflicting any remarks npon
the Senate. The Senator then retracted his
support of the motion, and demanded that
the friends of the bill should press the matter
to a vote; and it was upon that state of things
that I felt it due to myself to state the reasons
upon which I should, if this bill were pressed
to a vote, record my vote against it. This is
due to myself in vindication of my vote to the
people of Wisconsin. The people of Wiscon-
sin are favorable to education, favorable to all
action of Congress to advance that purpose,
and in voting against this bill it is due to my-
self to state why I do so. This is the reason
why I have detained the Senate for these few
moments.
There is another objection to this bill that
seems to me fatal, and that is one referred to
by the Senator from -Ohio. I supposed the
Territories were provided for by this bill.
Now how have we dealt with the new States?
What has been the policy of this Government?
To administer the public domain in the in-
terest of the new States and of the Territories
soon to come in as States ; Congress has done
so in Wisconsin, iu Illinois, Michigan—all the
new States. Why should it not be done in the
Territories? Upon what principle, how can
you defend a bill which proposes to take half
the public lauds in Wyoming and divide them
between Delaware and Maryland ? There is
no justice in such a provision. If the public
lands of the United States are to be devoted
to education, they should be devoted to edu-
cation in every part of the United States.
I do not care to stand upon the objection
that this is dividing the proceeds among the
States, " share and share alike," to repeat
the phrase in equity quoted by the Senator
from Ohio. There are reasons, perhaps, upon
which that could, be vindicated, but I see no
ground upon which you can exclude the Ter-
ritories from the benefit of this act. On the
contrary, the Territories and the District of
Columbia have special claims upon your
consideration iu this matter. You exercise
supreme legislative power over the Territories
and you have exclusive juridiction over the
District; and if you dispose of the public
lands in the Territories where you have sover-
eign control, and still ignore their claims to
participate in the fund, and neglect their chil-
dren, who have not the advantages which are
enjoyed by the old States, and say to the peo-
ple of Colorado, and the people of Wyoming,
who perhaps have not a college or an acad-
emy, that you will make no provision out of
the sale of their lands for the education of
their children, you do what is not only ungen-
erous, but absolutely unjust.
Mr. MORTON. The Territories are poor.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Territories are
poor, as the Senator says. The people are
poor. They go out there to contend with ob-
stacles and difficulties, and by hardihood and
by constant, persistent toil they gradually
overcome them. The policy of this Govern-
ment has been and should be to encourage
them, and while the father is reclaiming and
tilling his land, the Government should help
him to educate his children. But the policy
of this bill is to turn away from the District
of Columbia, which can look to no Govern-
ment but this, to turn away from the Territo-
ries over which you have supreme jurisdiction,
and say to them, "You shall not participate
in the benefits of this bill, but we will take the
lands in your Territory, sell them, and divide
the money among the old States which do not
need it."
Mr. President, is there any justice in this ?
What will the people of this country,•when
you get away from the influences that may be
brought to bear upon a body like this, when
you get out on the stump, what will they say
of this bill, and what will they say .of pushing
such a bill through without allowing oppor-
tunity for necessary amendments, although it
is admitted by its friends to be defective, and
refusing it to a committee of conference where
it might be corrected ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
does not quite state my position accurately.
I have never admitted that the bill was defect-
ive. I have merely said that if it was defect-
ive there were no defects that might not be
speedily and promptly remedied by supple-
mental legislation. I have not refused, pro-
vided that motion was in order, to non-concur
and go to a committee of conference, and yet
the Senator, although I consented for the pur-
pose of saving the time of the Senate, seems
to be making a long speech against the entire
bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. The members of this
body are distinguished for courtesy to each
other, and yet I have noticed that wheu a
Senator has said all he wishes to say he is
ready to vote; and after he has made half a
dozen speeches himself he is exceedingly
impatient of debate by others.
I am, as I have said, anxious to support a
proper bill to encourage-education. This is
an exceedingly importantbill, because it diverts
a vast sum of money from the public Treasury
which must be supplied by taxation of the
people, and having listened to several speeches
from the Senator, explaining his reasons for
supporting the bill, he ought to allow me briefly
to state why I cannot support it. And if I
cannot tax his patience or rely upon his
courtesy to this extent, I can stand upon my
rights as a Senator, whieh authorize me to
make this statement: if the Senator did not
say last evening that he should be better satis-
fied if the bill contained different provisions,
then I misunderstood his remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am free to
say that the bill as it went to the House was
more satisfactory to me than the one which
comes back from the House of Represent-
atives, but 1 have never said that this was
defective.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is about what I
have stated. I will vote to send this bill to
a committee of conference, and if it comes
back free from those objections, which I think
fatal to the bill I will vote for it, and if it
comes back without being free from them, I
will vote against it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, the other day
the committee of which 1 have the honor to
be a member reported back unfavorably a bill
in relation to the apportionment of the Terri-
tory of Wyoming. The committee were under
a misapprehension about it. As it stands now
there can be no election of representatives in
that Territory. I propose to let the Governor
apportion it for thi* year.
