1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
The next amendment was on page 2, line
twenty-eight, in the clause appropriating for
employes of the Senate to strike out the
words "'two messengers" and insert "one
messenger;" and also in line twenty-nine to
strike out the word "each" after the word
"dollars;" so as to make the clause read,
"one messenger at $1,296."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, afterline I
forty-nine, "one messenger, as authorized by j
Senate resolution of June 10,1872, at $1,440." i
The amendment was agreed to. r
The next amendment was in line fifty-five,
to make the appropriation for the salary of
the clerk to the Committee on Finance of the
Senate $2,592 instead of $2,220.
Mr. EDMONDS. I should like to ask a
little information in regard to this amendment.
I should like to know why it is that the clerks
of these two committees, on Finance and Ap-
propriations, have their salaries increased,
while the clerks of the other committees do
not. I feel entirely safe in saying that the
clerk of the Committee on the Judiciary has
as much and as hard work to do—and I can
say the same of the clerk of the Committee on
Pensions, from previous knowledge about that—
as the clerk of the Committee on Finance or
the clerk of the Committee on Appropriations;
and yet they are only paid $7 20 a day, like
the other clerks. I should like to have the
Senator from Maine explain why these invid-
ious distinctions are kept up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is already
explained in the remarks I made touching the
action of the House. The clerks of those com-
mittees in the House have been increased in
the same way. I think it altogether probable
and I do not question at all that what the Sen-
ator states about the duties of the clerk of the
Committee on the Judiciary is true, and I think
it is true of the clerk of the Committee on
Claims, and very likely of theclerkof the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and some others that might
be mentioned; but the Committee on Appro-
priations did not go to that length.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because the House had
done one injustice, the committee here felt
bound to do another.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir, I do
not admit that. The Senator puts a wrong
interpretation on what I say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatiswhatitamountsto.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the Sen-
ator's conclusion, not mine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, it is my conclusion. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate (
committee did not act on the idea that the
House had done an injustice. It acted upon |
the idea that the House had done a particular <
thing, to wit, increased the compensation of the i
clerks of the Committee of Ways and Means .
and the Committee on Appropriations of the j
House, and complimenting that action theSen- i
ate committee did the same thing. They re- J
ciprocated by increasing the salaries of the
clerks of the corresponding committees here.
Now, I think it is unquestionably true that
there are other clerks of other committees as
deserving, and perhaps the public _ interests
require that their salaries should be increased
as well as these, and I am not arguing in favor
of the increase of these to the^ exclusion of
others. What I have said, if it is understood,
should be regarded as the action of the Sen-
ate complementing the action of the House,
or supplementing it, or whatever you please ;j
to call it. ;j
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged j
to my friend for explaining it. I now under-
stand perfectly what he means, and the sub- |
stance of it is that it is like a game of whist;
the Senate! feels obliged to follow suit. If the
House makes an invidious distinction among
its ov\ u clerks, or any distinction, and puts up
one by name, the Senate takes the correspond- j
ing one and puts him up by name; and so we i
are to regulate these matters. When the bill
comes iuto the Senate, as I will not occupy
time now in resisting these amendments, I
wish to have them reserved.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Senator
from Vermont whether the clerk to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is not paid by the year
now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. He is not. He is paid
$7 20 a day for the session, just like the clerk
of the Senator's committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Then these elerks named
here have been paid by the year heretofore,
and this is simply a proposition to raise their
salary ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. To raise the salary of two
of them, leaving out the clerk to the Committee
on Claims, who is paid by the year as well.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the clerk to the Com-
mittee on Claims paid by the year?
Mr. EDMUNDS. He is paid by the year
and at the same price, but the bill does not
raise his salary, but o'.ly those of the other
two, who have no more work to do than he.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is equally
true, if the Senator will allow me, of the clerk
to the Committee of Claims of the House.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me this
whole thing is invidious, not so much what
the committee now proposes as what every-
body seemed to have assented to heretofore.
Here is the clerk of the Committee on Claims,
if you please. He has onerous and diverse
duties during the session of Congress. He
ought to be paid for those services; but he is
paid throughout the vacation, there bein^ no
reason for that that I can see which is not ap-
plicable to the clerk of every other committee
in this body, for certainly the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Claims is not here during the vaca-
tion bestowing clerical labor on the business of
the committee. It has always seemed to me
whenever my attention has been called to
the fact that certain of these clerks are paid
by the year, and others only by the session,
their per diem ceasing on the day when the
Senate adjourns, that that was invidious.
Now, when you come to the question whether
the salary is to be $2,250 or $2,500a year, with-
out venturing to say, because I do not know
what reason there may be for that in the House
or here, it seems to me the smallest part of
the inequality. My belief is that the clerks
of committees should be fairly paid for every
day that they are employed, and there is no
reason why the clerk of one committee, because
tbat may be an important committee, should
be paid during all the vacation when he is not
engaged as a clerk at all, just the same as if
he was engaged.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines fifty-nine
and sixty, to make the salary of the clerk to
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate $2,592 instead of $2,220.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seventy
and seventy-one, to make the total appropri-
ations "for compensation of the officers,
clerks, messengers, and others receiving an
annual salary in the service of the Senate,"
$130,204 80 instead of §120,228 80.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ninety-
seven, in the clause making appropriations
for miscellaneous items, exclusive of labor,
for the Senate, to insert the words "includ-
ing $100 for contingent expenses of Capitol
police."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and eleven, one hundred and twelve, and
one hundred and thirteen, in the clause mak-
ing an appropriation for the Capitol police,
to strike out the following proviso :
Provided, That hereafter no disabled soldier on
said force shall be discharged except for caaise.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and forty-eight and one hundred and
forty-nine, to reduce the appropriation for
compensation of the Chief Clerk and Journal
clerk of the House of Representatives from
$3,GOO to $3,000 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty-nine, to strike out " two read-
ing clerks, assistant Journal clerk, and tally
clerk, $3,000 each : two," and insert the word
" six;" so that the clause will read, " six as-
sistant clerks at $2,592 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventy-three, to reduce the appropri-
ation for the compensation of the clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives from $3000 to $2,592.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
one hundred and seventy-six, to reduce the
appropriation for the compensation of the
clerk to the Committee on Appropriations of
the House of Representatives from $3,000 to
$2,592.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and ninety, to reduce the appro-
priation for the compensation of the clerk to
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Repre-
sentatives from $3,000 to $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and ninety-two, to reduce the
appropriation for the compensation of the
payiug-teller for the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House of Representatives from $2,592 to
$1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, lines
two hundred and eighteen and two hundred
and nineteen, to reduce the total of the ap-
propriation for compensation of the officers,
clerks, messengers, and others receiving an
annual salary in the service of the House of
Representatives from $198,920 to $194,115 54.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, line
two hundred and thirty-six, to reduce the ap-
propriation for packing boxes for the House
of Representatives from $4,000 to $8,020.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, line
two hundred and thirty-eight, after the word
"items," in the appropriations for contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives^ to
insert the words '■ including $100 for contin-
gent expensesof Capitol police ;" so as to read,
•'for miscellaneous items, including $100 for
contingent expenses of Capitol po'tice," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, line
two hundred and thirty-nine, to reduce the
appropriation for miscellaneous items of the
House contingent expenses from $60,000 to
$50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, lines
two hundred and fifty-two and two hundred
and fifty-three, to increase the appropriation
for twenty-eight pages for the House of Rep-
resentatives from $14,800-to $17,760.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, line
three huudred and one, to reduce the appro-
priation for " pay of clerk in the office of
public buildings and grounds" from $1,400 to
$1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, line
three hundred and twenty-four, after the word
"for" to strike out "the doorkeeper" and
insert two doorkeepers;" and in line three
hundred and twenty-five, after the word "dol-
lars, " to insert " eachso as to read, " for
