1873.
THE CONGRESSIQNAL GrLOBl.
1T5D
Mr. MORTON. Let as take the vote on
this other question first.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
tbont in the chair.) The question is on the
motion that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to
the agricultural college bill, and ask for a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and, by unanimous
consent, the Vice President was authorized
to appoint the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
conference committee, Messrs. Morrill of
Vermont, Sawyer, and Hamilton of Mary-
land.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I beg to
be excused from serving on that committee.
1 am not very well, and it is possible that I
may not be able to attend the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Maryland will be
excused. He is excused; and the Chair ap?
points to fill the vacancy the Senator from
.Maryland, Mr. Vickers.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said:
The .-senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers]
declines service upon the agricultural college
conference committee, being engaged in many
other duties, and also anxious that some other
Senator should be selected. If there be no
objection he will be excused, and. the Chair
will appoint the Senator from Kentucky £Mr.
Stevenson] in his stead.
ARMY APPBOPBtATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3850. the Army appropriation bill.
i he motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committe of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 8850) making
impropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1874.
Mr. COLE. We have but a half hour left
before the recess, and I think that will be ample
lime to dispose of this bill. I do not think there
i« any point in it that will excite any discus-
frinii. There are I think only nine pages, and
1 hope we shall be able to dispose of it before
the recess.
Mr. NYE. I want to pass the little bill to
which 1 have referred. I have a letter here
from the Delegate in Congress from the Terri-
tory explaining the whole thing. I ask unani-
mous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is evident that in order
to go on with the public business we must
work straight on and not waste three hours as
we did yesterday. I move, therefore, that the
Senate take a recess for forty minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
Tiioxr.) It is in order, and must be decided
without debate.
Mr. CONKLING. But an order has been
adopted fixing a different hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
fixing a different hour says, " unless otherwise
ordeied by the Senate," and if the Senate
orders a recess at half past four o'clock it is
ordering otherwise than a recess at five
o'clock.
Mr. NYE. The question I ask is whether
it is proper to keep Wyoming 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is the
nut si toil debatable?
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If this 15
done we shall be left without, a quorum just as
stir'1 a« we have a quorum now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable. The question is, wil}
the Senate take a recesa for;forty miqutes?
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Let us go on with the Army
appropriation bill. . • „ _ .
The PRESIDING OFFICES. Tba toll
(H. R. No. 3850) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1874, is before the Senate as in Com-
rqittee of the Whole. The amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations will be acted on
as they are reached in the reading of the bill,
unless otherwise ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of.,, the Committee on
Appropriations was on p$ge|2, line twenty-four,
to reduce the appropriationfor pay of the
Army and for allowances to office.of the Army
for transportation of themselves and their bag-
gage, when traveling on duty without troops,
escorts, or supplies, and for compensation of
witnesses while op court-martial .service; for
traveling expenses of paymasters' clerks; for
payment of postage on letters and packages,
aud cost of telegrams received and gent by
officers of the'Army on public business, " from
$12,58-5,000 to $12,300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 2, lines
twenty-seven and twenty-eight, to reduce the
appropriation 11 for subsistence of regular
troops, engineers, and Indian scouts" from
$2,770,944 to $2,500,000.
The amendment was agreed to. •
The next amendment was on page 3, ling
forty-four, to reduce the appropriation" for
regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment" from 84,525,000 to $4,500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
eighty-two, to reduce the appropriation " for
purchase of horses for the cavalry and artillery,
and for Indian scouts, and for such infantry as
may be mounted" from $400,000 to$350,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line one
hundred and seven, to reduce the appropriation
for " transportation of the Army, including bag-
gage of the troops when moving either by laud
orwater; of clothing, camp and garrison equip-
age from the depots of Philadelphia and Jeffer-
souville to the several posts aud Army depots,
and from those depots to the troops in the
field; of horse-equipments and of subsistence
stores from the places of purchase, and from
the place of delivery under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may
require them to be sent; of ordnance, ord-
nance stores, and small-arms from the foun-
deries and armories to the arsenals, fortifica-
cations, frontier posts, &nd Army depots;
freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; the
purchase and hire of horses, .mules, oxen,
and harness, and the purchase and repair of
wagons, carts, aud drays, and of ships aud
other sea-going vessels, and boats required for
the transportation of supplies and for gar-
rison purposes; for drayage and cartage at
the several posts, hire of teamsters, transport-
ation of funds for the pay and other disburs-
ing departments ; the eipenss of sailing public
transports on the various rivers, the Gulf of
Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; for
procuring water at such posts as, from their,
situation, require it to be brought from a dis.-,
tance; and tor clearing roads and removing
obstructions from roads, harbors, and rivers
to the extent which, may be required for the
actual operations of the troops in the field,"
from $4,500,000 to $3,700,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am informed by the
Senators having charge of this bill that they
have reduced the amount of appropriation for
transportation an .the ground that we shall not
pay so much to the railroad companies. Even
if it be true th^t we reserve the whole amouitt
of the transportation it will sot make any
difference in the amount of the appropriation
required, because the additional amount that
we deduct from the railroad companies will be
in the nature of receipts, and as a matter ;of
course th« appropriation will be, charged in
one account and the disDurseweuts is another.
So the amount should be left as before; though
we may not pay go much in actual raciney, it
may be paid by a transfer draft. •• • >'  
Mr. STEVENSON. What line is that? •
Mr. SHERMAN. -' Line one hundred and
seven. <
Mr. COLE. Let it be passedover for' the
present and reserved till we cOme iato the
Mr. LOGAN. I am told1 that-the charge
to the War Department -will be: the 'same
whether there be a reduction of 'the allow&isee
to the Pacific railroad or not. The transport-
ation will be charged the same to the War
Department. If yon strike this, down they
will have to pay the amount over again."'-' ft
would only be charged on the books. It had
better remain the way it was on the bill than
make an amendment. " i
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a letter from
General Meigs stating the fact that although
they do not have to pay the money it is charged
to the Department.
Mr. LOGAN. They would have to pay it
out of the balance of the appropriation,-which
would- reduce the amount of - it available for
other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reducing the appro-
priation for transportation from $4,500,000 to
$3,700,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to reserve that
amendment tfhen the bill comes into "tite Sen-
ate. • '
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 6, Kne One hun-
dred aria sixteen, to increase the appropria-
tion for " hire of quarters for officers on mili-
tary duty, hire of quarters for troops, of store-
houses for the safe-keeping of military stores,
offices, and of grounds for camps and for sum-
mer cantonments, and for temporary frontier
stations; for the construction of temporary
huts and stables; and for repairing public
buildings at established posts," from $1,500, -
000 to §1,700,000; and to insert after the word
"posts," in line one hundred and fourteen, the
words " and for establishing two new ppsts for
the protection of operations on the Northern
Pacific railroad."
The amendment was agreed, to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred and eighteen, to rfeduce the ap-
propriation "for construction and repair? of
hospitals," from $200,000 to $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to. : • , '
The next amendment was on page 6. lines
one hundred and twenty-three and oue hun-
dred aud twenty-four, to reduce the appropri-
ation " for purchase a,nd manufacture of
clothing, camp and-garrison equipage, arid for
preserviqg and .repacking stock of clothing,
camp and garpispn equipage, and materials oi 
hand at the Schuylkill arsenal and other
depots,'' frottj §1,523,508 81 to $800,000.;' aod
after the wprd pents," in line one hundred
and twenty-five, to strike -out the following
proviso:
Provided, That when the new uniform is "distrib-
uted-to use troops, the eluthiog of too old style no
longer to be issued, incapable of alteration, shall be
sold by the Secrctaryof W;ir at-pablie %uotion, after
due public notice by advertisement.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
be expended for any Army uniform of different pat-
tern from that prescribed by- regulations of the
Army daring the war of the rebellion until the sup-
ply on hand shall be exhausted.
Mr. LOGAN. I think this amendment is
proposed on account of a misunderstanding
by th.e Committee on Appropriations. I do
not know, however, but I wiil ask the chair-
man whether it wis not upon the ground that
the committee supposed the new uniform was
ordered !in violation of law.
Mr. COLE. No, not exactly that. We
did not suppose it was in Violation of law at
