1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1761
cert-am things which I feel certain no one will
object to; and I would be very glad to have it
read for information, and if no one objects to
it that it should be considered now.
Mr. COLE. The Army appropriation bill
will be through in a very short time.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I wiii wait until
that is through. 1 prefer to have a full Sen-
ate. All I ask is that, the bill be read,.and if
nobody objects let it be passed. I think it
would be convenient to the company to have
it passed. I think it well guarded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I find that the Senate
kindly consents to the passage of unobjected
bills once in awhile as a matter of favor to
gentlemen who report them. I reported sev-
eral days ago from the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill for the relief of the marshal
of the United States at Chicago, which allows
proof that his vouchers for a few thousand
dollars where the vouchers were burned up by
the fire, such as has been passed for other offi-
cers, to which I have of heard no objection; and
if there is no objection I should like to have it
passed.
Mr. COLE. I should like very much that
we should go on with the regular order and
dispose of the Army appropriation bill. We
can soon get through with the Army appro-
priation bill, I apprehend, and then there will
be room for everybody, I suppose.
Mr. WILSON. I was about to suggest to
the Senator from California, as the body was
very thin now, we might allow this bill to pass
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks for th& temporary
laying aside of the pending bill.
Mr. COLE. I did not hear any such mo-
tion ; I believe it was a mere inference of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I think we had
better go on with the Army appropriation bill
and get through with it.
The PRESIDING 9FFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illiuois is entitled to the floor on the
amendment to the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. LOGAN. At the time that the Senate
took its recess I was making a suggestion" in
regard to the uniforms of the Army. In talk-
ing since with the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, I find that he is mistaken
or else I am in regard to the amount of cloth-
ing articles on hand under the charge of the
War Department. The statement I gave of
the amount, of clothing on hand which becomes
obsolete, that is, of old-fashioned uniforms by
reason of the change in the uniforms, is at
the present issue prices$3,071,987 05. Of this
there is $1,153,584 40 worth of uniform jack-
ets, and that was the statement that I made.
This statement is made on the authority of the
Secretary of War; furnished me in writing,
and I w3s remarking that the n^aterial on band
should be made up into the new uniforms
and that the old uniforms on hand should be
sold; there is no other disposition to make
of them. At the same time 1 said that I
presumed they would be sold at a sacrifice.
But there is one thing I was about to sug-
gest for the consideration of the Senate. As
stated by the Secretary of War, in a majority
of cases, the uniforms they have on hand,
jackets and other articles, are not of the size
we generally want for the mett jn the Army.
Why? In the making of uniforms during the
late war they made all sizes because we re-
ceived into the Army men of all heights and
■-i/i'-i. Some were made very small because
veiy small persons were taken into the Army,
much smaller than now ; and the statement-of
the Secretary of War is that a great majority
of these uniforms are so large that, they have
to be changed by the tailor, and the cost- of
cutting and changing them is just the same as
the co.4 of cutting a new garment, and making
it. It involves precisely the same work. This
is the .statement made, and doubtless it is
true. If that be the case, it seems to me to
be much better to dispose of these things ami
4'_Ii> !>l> SK?W, — !Su>. 111.
get them out of the way, and take the material
on hand and make new uniforms with it.
There is another reason. Contracts hare
already been made by the War Department
with different workmen in parts of the country
for the purpose of making up material into
new uniforms. I know one firm that has a
contract with the Government for the making
of new uniforms. I do not know to what
amount, but they have received about $5,000
on the contract, and have made about $75,000
worth of new uniforms. Under this amend-
ment striking out the House provision and
requiring the use of the old uniforms, I would
ask the Committee on Appropriations what
becomes of those .contracts? There is no
appropriation to pay them. It provides that
the old_ uniform must be used and nothing else.
There is no appropriation to pay the contracts
that have been made.
Mr. STEVEN SON. I ask the Senator from
Illinois how could a contract be made without
authority of law?
Mr. LOGAN. The authority of law exists
to change the uniform.
Mr. STEVENSON. But not to make con-
tracts for the supply.
Mr. LOGAN. I suppose there is some au-
thority of law to provide uniforms for-the
soldiers. If I mistake not, the soldiers are
entitled to so many suits of clothing or the
money therefor. How can you give these to
them unless you have the material to provide
such clothing for the troops? You must have
some authority ; it may be by advertisement,
or it may be done by private contract.
Mr. WINDOM. Can the Senator state to
what extent contracts have been ma<3e ?
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot say to what extent.
I only state that contracts have been made. I
have been told so. That is one instance I
give.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope I am under-
stood by the Senator from Illinois. I suppose
that the law authorizes the change of the uni-
forms. but I suppose that if contracts have
been entered into for a large supply of the new
uniforms the Committee on Appropriations
would have been informed of the extent of the
contracts and the amount needed to fulfill them.
I am not aware that any such communication
has been made.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not say to a great ex-
tent ; but this appropriation is for covering the
whole cost of making the uniforms as well as
the materials, as it originally stood in the bill.
Hence there is no necessity for saying how
many contracts are made. All are covered by
the appropriation. It is for that purpose, to
pay for the uniform and the cloth and the
materials, and the making too. 1 do not know
to what extent contracts have been made ; I
oply mention the fact that I know of one eon-
tract, at least I have been so toid by the party
that has the contract, since the discussion here
this afternoon, and I have been told that other
contracts were made, but to what extent I do
not know.
Mr. MACHEN. I should like to ask a ques-
tion for my own information as to the practice
of the Government in making contracts for
uniforms. Why should such large contracts
be made at one time beyond the present neces-
sity ?
Mr. LOGAN. The large quantity that is
on hand is because of our surplus when the
war ended. They do not prepare such large
quantities now, but these large quantities were
prepared to meet, the necessities of the war;
but by the discharge of the large number of
persons in the Army at the close of the war,
and the reduction of the Army since, this
amount is left on hand. For instance about
three years ago the Army was reduced from I
believe sixty or sixty-five regiments to thirty
regiments. Having clothing on hand pro-
vided for sixty regiments, when it was reduced
to thirty a large amount was of course left on
band, and that is why these large amounts are
left on the hands of the quartermaster's departs
ment. Things of this kind arise in conse-
quence of reducing the Army. It could not
be avoided.
There is another thing to be considered as
is stated by the Secretary of War. When yon
have these large amounts of clothing on hand,
which, as he says, would take so many years
for the small Army we have now, it is per-
fectly impossible to keep them, boxed up as
they have to be, except bv the employment of
proper persons to take care of them and pre-
vent their being mildewed and destroyed by
moths, and the expense of this finally equals the
cost of the uniform itself. Hence it isa rule of
the Army, and a very necessary one in my judg-
ment, when a large quantity of material is on
hand, rather than keep it on hand and allow
it to be destroyed, to sell it for what it will
bring. There is economy in that.
I know it is usually said that the expenditure
of these large amounts of money shows extrav-
agance ; but it is an extravagance that cannot
be avoided. To illustrate, down at the arsenal
here shortly after the war, if you had passed
there you would have seen carriages enough
and caissons enough to supply a very large
army. What-could you do with them 1 The
people do not want caissons for hauling ammu-
nition, they do not desire cannon, they do not
need gun-carriages; hence they had to be piled
up and doubtless many of them are rotting to-
day.- Why ? Because nobody wants them.
And that is a result thaf cannot be avoided.
During the war we needed that materialbut
when the war ceased we needed it no longer,
and when we did not need it nobody else needed
it, and hence this material goes to destruction
in a great majority of instances.
So in reference to army wagons for hauling
supplies. You pass through a war; if it lasts
only twelve months you furnish army wagons
enough to supply the whole Army, say for in-
stance from seven to nine or ten and sometimes
fourteen to a regiment. When you muster out
your Army you have all these wagons on hand,
f hey have gone through such rough treatment
that they are not then in such a condition that
they will sell for any very large amount of
money, and hence they have to be sacrificed.
So it is with a large number of mules or oxen,
or anything you have on hand after a war, they
go at a sacrifice, because it is better to sell
them at a small price than it is for the Govern-
ment to feed and retain them. Hence it is
economy to dispose at a very small amount of all
this quantity of material on hand that we have
f o use for. Hence in the disposition of Army
supplies by all Governments it is the same ;
tfc ere is great loss, and there is no way on earth
to avoid it; it is impossible to do it.
As suggested to the Senator from Kentucky
who is a member of the Appropriation Com-
mittee. if I were now in the Army I would
dislike very much to see a portion of my troops
that I was commanding dressed in cavalry
jackets and another portion in blouses; some
in one kind of material for pants and some in
auother. If any officer of a foreign country
were to come here and see them so apparelled,
he would think we had FalstatPs tribe of sol-
diers instead of soldiers of a properly organ-
ized army. I think that the good taste of the
people of this country at least ought to allow
the Army, inasmuch as the new urifortn has
been provided for under the law, to be pro-
vided for all alike; but if we have no pride in
reference to our Army, it is perfectly imma-
terial.
These are my reasons for desiring this
amendment not to be made to the bill. If
they are not good, as a matter of course
the Senate can «ct according to its own judg-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. WINDOM. The Committee on Ap-
propriations bad information which they
