1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
had no special information on the subject, and
so struck it out on account of its being new
more than anything else.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The report of
this officer is to be found in the agricultural
reports, and gives great satisfaction to all the
agricultural societies in the country, several
of which have sent me communications on the
subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; the
Senator can divide the Senate upon it.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
appropriations was on page 59, line fourteen
hundred and forty-three, to reduce the total
of the appropriation for the Department of
Agriculture from $75,390 to $73,590.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 59, line
fourteen hundred and forty-nine, in the appro-
priations for the Department of Agriculture,
to reduce the appropriation for purchase and
distribution of new and valuable seeds and
plants from $75,000 to $50,000.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I see that the
appropriations for seeds is reduced from
$75,000, as provided by the House, to $50,000.
I ask the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations what it was last year. Was it
not 860,000?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My understand-
ing is that we put it the same as last year, and
for the reason that the committee had no
information that the necessities for an increase
were more this year than last.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the franking
privilege is to be abolished, perhaps $50,000
will be enough.
Mr. DAVIS. As there appears to be some
uncertainty about the matter, I suggest that it
will be better to insert " $60,000."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, make it
$60,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was $50,000
last year, and I reckon that is enough.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it had better he put
at $60,000.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the appropria-
tion $60,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 61,
line fourteen hundred and eighty-six, I move
to strike out the words " two retired justices"
and to insert " one retired justice." There is
really but one justice of the Supreme Court
that is retired.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I also move to
amend that same clause by striking out " six-
teen " and inserting "eight;" so that it will
read, " for one retired justice of the Supreme
Court, $8,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 62, line fifteen
hundred and twelve, after the word " thou-
sand," to insert the words "five hundred;"
so that the clause will read, "for salaries of
five judges of the Court of Claims, $4,500
each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 62, lines
fifteen hundred and fifteen and fifteen hundred
and sixteen, to increase the aggregate of ap-
propriations for salaries of judges and offi-
cers of the Court of Claims from $27,340 to
$29,840.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 63, line
fifteen hundred and thirty-five, in the appro-
priations for the Department of Justice, to re-
duce the appropriation for compensation of
law clerk from $3,000 to $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
42d Cono. 3d Sess.—No. 51.
The next amendment was on page 63, line
fifteen hundred and forty-two, to reduce the
appropriations for the Department of Justice
from $71,160 to $70,660.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Clerk
be kind enough to read the amendment in line
fifteen hundred and forty-two as amended?
The Chief Clerk. "In all, $70,660."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amount
should be $80,160 for the Department of Jus-
tice. The House computation was wrong.
There was an error in printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) That correction will be
made, there being no objection.
The Chief Clerk continued and concluded
the reading of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report one amend-
ment. I will simply say that this amendment
is in exact accordance with an amendment
reported from the same committee at the last
session, and which has been adopted by the
Senate three or four times. It is to increase
the salaries of heads of bureaus to $4,000 a
year. Some of them are now S3,000, some
$3,500, and we propose to put them all at
$4,000. My amendment is to add as a new
section the following:
That from and after the 1st day of January, 1873,
tlie salaries ofthe AssistantSecretaries, theSolicitor,
the Register, and the Supervising Architect of the
Treasury Department, the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior, the Commissioner of Patents, the Commis-
sioner of Indian Aifairs, the Commissioner of Agri-
culture. the Commissioner of Customs, the Auditors
of the Treasury, the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, the Commissioner of Pensions, and the
Assistant Postmasters General, the superintendent
of the money-order system, and the superintendent
offoreign mailsofthe Post Office Department, shall
be $4,000 each per annum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio, if this is a right thing to be
done, (and I do not express any opinion about
that,) why does he not bring in a bill in
the regular way, or report a bill in the reg-
ular way, and have it passed as a separate bill ?
Have we not all for three or four years back
been endeavoring to keep the appropriation
bills free from questions of increase of salary
and questions of the establishment of offices ;
and is it not an unwise and unsuitable thing
to do on an appropriation bill to undertake
to readjust and rectify the question of salaries
among the officers of the Government? It is
not my business, of course, to defend this bill
from raids of this character; I am not on the
Appropriation Committee ; but having had
something to do with it hitherto, I feel bound
for one to put in an humble but earnest protest
against that way of doing business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree to the general
remarks made by the Senator from Vermont,
that as a rule all propositions for legislation
should stand upon their own merits. The
Committee on Finance, who examined this
subject, thought that this was a matter perti-
nent to this appropriation bill. Of that each
Senator must judge for himself. The diffi-
culty in the present salaries is the inequal-
ity. For instance, one head of a bureau has
$3,500, another has $3,000, and another has
$4,000. There is great complaint of this in-
equality. For example, one of the officers
named, the Supervising Architect of the
Treasury Department, an officer of value
and importance, has $4,000, while the Com-
sioner of Customs, the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, the Commissioner of the General-Land
Office, and the most important officers of the
Government have but $3,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator-
how that happened? Was it not because a
raid was made on some previous appropriation
bill to squeeze up a particular officer who was
the favorite of somebody?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, I will
state to the Senator that it was not on that
account, but it was because the last offices
created have had a larger salary provided ;
for instance, take the case of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's
pardon; he was using the illustration of the
Supervising Architect of the Treasury. Let
me ask him if his salary was not put above .
that of the others on an appropriation bill
against the protest of the committee 1
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; in the Senate
his salary was increased with the salaries of
the heads of bureaus, just as is now proposed
to be done, but the House refused to consent
to anything except the increase of the salary
of the Supervising Architect, and finally agreed
to that as a substitute for the Senate proposi-
tion. That was unjust. That created an in-
equality which has been aground of complaint.
Take the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. Probably no officer of the Govern-
ment is called upon to decide more difficult
questions than he is, or involving amounts of
greater magnitude. AH grants to railroads
and all the various questions about our public
lauds are decided by this Commissioner, and
he gets but $3,000 a year. Compare his duties
with the duties of even the Supervising Archi-
tect, and Senators can see at once that there
is an inequality.
The Committee on Finance directed me to
report this amendment, and I do it in obedi-
ence to their wishes, although as a general
rule I do not like to report such amendments,
because I prefer to let each measure stand
upon its own merits, but it is because this bill
appropriates the salaries for these officers, and
it is on this bill, if at all, that this inequality
ought to be corrected. I think it is right and
proper for us to do it, especially iu this case,
which I consider already settled by the action
of the Senate. We have three times submitted
this proposition to the House. If they reject
it, as a matter of course I would not stand
en it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
from Ohio tells us that as a general rule
what I have stated is entirely correct, that an
appropriation bill ought to be an appropria-
tion of money to carry into effect the pro-
visiaps of law, and that you ought to make
your law in advance of your appropriations.
But he says that inasmuch as this very bill
appropriates money to pay the salaries of
these officers, this is the very place to say
how much the salaries shall be. There is
consistency for you! Then it would apply to
every case, because in this legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill we pro-
vide for all the salaries of regular officers of
the Government, and therefore, on the Sen-
ator's theory, he has an excellent general rule
but declares that it can have no application at
all to any of the oasesfor which it was intended
to provide.
I certainly bow with great respect to the
judgment of the Committee on Finance, and
with particular respect to that of my honorable
friend from Ohio ; but I do wish that he could
persuade us with a little better logic than that
to do what he calls an act of justice to these
gentlemen. If tho Committee on Finance
would report a bill which provides for that
very thing and show to us that that is really
equalizing, and is not producing inequality
which will call upon us next year to do three
or four times as much for somebody else, as
we probably shall be told, I shall go for it
with the greatest cheerfulness, because I be-
lieve myself with the information I have that
these gentlemen, many of them, perhaps all
of them, I cannot particularize, are not ade-
quately paid. I do not think the Senator from
Ohio is adequately paid, He has to dispose
of questions of public lands, questions of for-
eign policy, questions of interior administra-
tions, questions of finance; every question
that all the Auditors have to act upo  is
carried upon the shoulders of my friend from
Ohio, and upon those of the rest of us; but
