802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
that is no reason why justice should not be
done to these people. What I ask the Senate
to hesitate about is not to set this broad
example of undertaking in a bill of appropri-
ations, under the idea that they are doing an
act of justice,^ simple justice, as perhaps it is,
to do it in this way, because in this way you
■would draw into an appropriation bill every-
thing that the Senate thinks ought justly to be
done.
That is my objection. I do not wish to be
understood as declaring that I think these
gentlemen ought not to be paid more. I
should hope that the Senate would leave this
bill as it stands. It has only one or two little
blotches of this sort on it; and we can get rid
of those if we stick to it and leave this alone,
and then the Senator can pass his bill to-mor-
row morning, if he likes, to accomplish this
very same thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not rise to
make an argument against this proposition,
because I recognize the justice of increasing
these salaries at least to this amount; but to
make a general observation or so touching
the whole question of these amendments. I
do it because here are quite a large number
of amendments, many of them of a pretty im-
portant character, some of them touching our
own salaries, or at least there is one propo-
sition touching the salaries' of Senators and
Representatives. I think as a general state-
ment it is true, as applicable to the civil ser-
vice of this country, that there is a very great
inequality of compensation existing through-
out. - That might lie illustrated in many ways
if it were necessary. In the first place, we
pay our President $2o,O00 a year, a compen-
sation fixed at a period when the purchasing
power of one dollar was probably greater than
that of two now. Contrasted with that, you
will find that many officers whose compensa-
tion has been established at a recent date,
whose offices for responsibility and for duties
imposed do not begin to compare at all with
that of the President of the Uniied States, have
a compensation two or three times as large.
Ihat might be carried right through the whole
civil service, and that same inequality would
bo found to exiateverywhere, a mere arbitrary
statement of the compensation, having little or
no reference at all to the merits of the officers
and little or none to the responsibilities and
duties involved. That ought not to continue.
This proposition of the Senator from Ohio is
in the direction of equalizing that somewhat, I
suppose, but still back of that is the great bulk
of the public service left to continue under this
inequality.
Then here is another proposition equally
true ; and the tendency ol it is all wrong, the
effect of it is all wrong; 1 mean the inad-
equacy of compensation. Nobody doubts,
nobody denies that throughout the whole pub-
lic service of this country there is an utter
inadequacy. There are exceptions, to be
sure, but the general rule is inadequacy of
compensation m the public service. That
might be illustrated in many ways. You will
find, as a general proposition, that officers in
the public service, aside from two or three
branches—-I mention that of customs and the
internal revenue particularly, who are better
paid than anybody else; that is exceptional in
the fact that they have an indirect compensa-
tion but thegeneral proposition will be found
to be true throughout that there is inadequacy
ot compensation. Compared with the busi-
ness of the country, with what is paid to equal
skill acid ability in the ordinary private affairs
of the community, there is very great dispar-
ity. The tendency of that might be shown in
many ways.
But while that is so, there is a class of em-
ployes in the public service who are better
paid than any others. That is beyond all
question. You will find innumerable employes
of the Government here and elsewhere who
are receiving from twelve to eighteen hundred
dollars for services not involving much skill
or ability, and who are rendering an equiva-
lent of from four to five hours a day. No
private business of this country could last
through a single year under that.
The whole system of public service in this
country in these particulars, with reference
to efficiency, with reference to justice to the
Government and to the parties, and with
reference to that fidelity which we have a
right to expect from public officers, heeds a
thorough revision ; and when we are talking
about civil service reform in the manner we
have been for the last year or two, as a reform,
we overlook altogether, in my judgment, the
essential elements of the reform which is de-
manded not only by the public interest but in
justice to individuals, and particularly in the
public interest.
Now, whether there is any remedy for it, I
do not know. Certainly a remedy as general
aa the evil which I have endeavored to indi-
cate cannot be applied on an appropriation
bill. Whoever has the charge of an appropri-
ation bill, especially one like this, which ap-
propriates some sixteen or seventeen million
dollars, and which is made to appropriate for
the entire civil service of the country and all
the officers of the country, will find that the
task is sufficiently onerous if the duty is only
to appropriate for the service as it is prescribed
by law. He will find that his duty is suffi-
ciently onerous if he confines his attention
simply to ascertaining what the service is as
enacted by law, and sees to it that every offi-
cer gets precisely what he is entitled to have,
no more and no less. If you impose upon the
committee the duty of ascertaining what the
service ought to be or what the compensation
ought to be, you will see' that any committee
in the world would break down under that, or
if it did not break down under it the result
would be that you would have a very imperfect
consideration of that question.
I do not mean to apply this statement to the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
Ohio, because, as chairman of the Committee
on Finance, lie represents the particular
branch of the public service in whose interest
he makes this proposition. The objection is
that stated by the Senator from Vermont,
that it loads us to consider what follows.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am so much delighted
at the speeches made by the Senator from
Maine anil the Senator from Vermont that if
I believed and became satisfied the Senate
would stand by the doctrine they have now
proclaimed of keeping these appropriation
bills free from all extraneous matter," 1 should
join with them heartily and would withdraw
this amendment. And now, for the purpose
of testing the sense of the Senate, and not to
give them an excuse for following a precedent
that 1 have made myself, I will take the respons-
ibility of withdrawing this amendment, in the
hope that the Senate will stand by the doctrine
these gentlemen have proclaimed, and we will
run the jisk of passing this proposition in
some other form.
I so heartily agree with the idea of keeping
our general appropriation bills free from ex-
traneous matter that J would not propose an
amendment of this kind except in an extreme
ease. Now the inequality that exists in regard
to the salaries of bureau officers is extreme. I
know that I would not serve as a bureau officer
receiving a salary of $3,000 a year, when men
who are performing duties no more important
are receiving $4,000, and others 54,500 and
§5,000. That is a palpable inequality which
ought to be corrected by law. But if the Sen-
ate are willing to stand by the general idea of
keeping the appropriation bills free from all
extraneous matter, X will withdraw this amend-
ment for the present, and will vote with them
until the Senate set a different example, when
I shall feel bound to try to correct this, the
grossest inequality in our civil service.
Mr. PRELtNGHtTYSEN. This is cer-
tainly very pleasant, and the legislation goes
on harmoniously, as it ought to, for there is
no propriety in this increase of salaries being
placed upon appropriation bills; but it does
not help the heads of bureaus any. Last year
exactly the same argument was made, that
we were doing injustice to these officers, but
that we must not increase their salaries on an
appropriation bill. Now, all I rise to say is
that I hope the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, while withdrawing this amendment,
will at an early day report a bill meeting the
very exigency which his amendment was in-
tended to provide for.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that we have already reported a bill to regu-
late the pay of the heads of all the bureaus;
but as a matter of course it is on the Calendar,
and when it is reached it will give rise to
debate, and the probability of its passage I
am afraid is very little. Still, when it is
reached I shall hope to get a vote of the
Senate on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is- withdrawn.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to amend the bill
so that the appropriations for the Carson mint
shall be according to the estimates of the
Department. I do not know why they were
cut down below the estimates. I first move,
on page 34, line eight hundred and six, to
strike out " four" and insert " fiveso as to
read, "and five clerks." The clause will then
read:
Branch mint at Carson City, Nevada:
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, melter
and refiner, and coiner, and five clerks, &c.
There are three or four amendments neces-
sary to carry up these appropriations. The
increase of business has occasioned a neces-
sity for them. I have a letter from the super-
intendent of the mint and the estimates of the
Department. The increase of business has
been such that it is absolutely necessary, in
order to the transaction of that business, to
raise the appropriations to the amount of the
estimates. I should like to have read the
letter of Dr. Linderman on this subject. It
is a matter of considerable importance to the
transaction of business in that mint that the
several amendments bringing the appropria-
tions up to the estimates should be made.
Ihey have been carefully considered by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and by Dr. Linder-
man, who was sent out there to examine into
the condition of the mint.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The paper presented
by the Senator from Nevada will be read, if
there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
p, „ T January 18,1s7s.
EARfeiR: ! expected to have personalty made
the explanation contained in the accompanyinu
communication, but as I shall be out ofthe cto
f the nex t or five days. I thought it proper
■ iTi U you m order that the explanation
might be at year service should the subject of these
deficiency items come up during my absence.
Very truly, yours,
Hon, James A. Ga* ibl . LINDERM
IVashixctox, January 17,. 1873
?IK: The Secretary of the Treasury ex-
pressed to me some days since the desire that I
would explain to your committee the deficiency ap-
Wh£h'insr?hif t" <k b™noh mint at Carson,
I., ki- ? 5 S-' toft®ther with our other minting
establishments, I examined during last year,
l   JPoreased-expenses of the Carson mint are
due to the very large increase of business devolved
on that institution during the last eighteen month's
Byre erenee to pages <1 and 5 of the accompanying
I'.S.1 i'o-oIi, observe that in nine months of the
year 3S J the amount of bullion operated unon
amounted to $7,191,030 36, being a large increase
over corresponding period of the preceding year
Under existing laws refining, parting, and bar-
making aro required to be self-sustainin* or fn
other words, charges equal to the expenses of those
operations, respectively, are to be imposed. TahW
toe three subjects^of charge together the chirso*
arc sufficient to defray expenses, but if taken sen"
arately the parting charge is not sufficient This
item (the amount parted,) however, is so ineonsid!
S-'ri* ?>as rc(luir« consideration in connection
with the deficiency appropriation. """^cuon
