1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
The proportion of earnings to expenses at this
branch are quite equal to the other mints.
In order not to take up unnecessarily your time,
I will only add that the expenses constituting the
deficiency asked for having been incurred by reason
of the large increase of business, and for the accom-
modation of the bullion interests of that State,
should be appropriated for as estimated by the
superintendent.
After a most careful examination of the subject,
I am of opinion that there will be a further in-
crease of business at the Carson mint, and that the
appropriation for the next fiscal year should not be
less than $140,000. Inadequate appropriations lead
to embarrassments and the disadvantageous pur-
chase of supplies, particularly in asection of country
-where the rate of interest rules very high.
While on this subject, I should explain that the
deficiency asked for Jjy the New York assay office
is due to the change in the practice of using for ex-
penses the proceeds of sales of the bi-productsof the
sulphuric acid refining process in operation at that
establishment. During my examination there, to-
ward the close of the last fiscal year, I called the
attention of the superintendent to the fact that
under the law the money arising from the sales re-
ferred to must be covered into the Treasury of the
United States, and the change was adopted. It is
therefore not in fact a deficiency, but arises from the
circumstance of their estimates having been based
on an item which cannot, under the law, be used to
defray expenses.
The deposits of silver gmd mixed bullion at the
assay office, New York, have also largely increased,
and the usual appropriation will be barely sufficient
to defray the necessary expenses.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. R. LINDERMAN,
United State* Mini Service.
Hon. J. A. Garfield,
Chairman Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEWART. The amount appropri-
ated by the bill is $63,900. Dr. Linderman
says it ought to be $140,000. My amendment
does not bring it anywhere near that amount.
The explanation that is sent in brings it up to
$70,000. I do not ask to have it as high as
estimated by Dr. Linderman. Certainly if
the mint is run at less than these estimates,
I am assured it will involve a deficiency and
embarrass the operations of the mint. I do
not want any appropriation for the mint bpt
what is absolutely required to carry on its
business, and that certainly ought to be given.
Mr. COLE. Of course I do not wish to
embarrass the operations of the mint at Carson.
I supposed the amendment pending was in
relation to the increase of the force in that
office; but the letters read relate t,o a defi-
ciency, another subject entirely. I did not
understand that there was anything in the let-
ter relating to this amendment pending.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly it does not re-
late to the amendment. Last year tbe appro-
priation, as I understand, was cut down, and
there is a deficiency. He says that next year
will require a larger appropriation. 8140.000.
Here is only §G3,900 in this bill. Then I have
a letter from the superintendent of the mint,
and if the question is contested I should like to
have that read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Arpj-.NDix B.
Explanation of atlimatt'fifar tiefhnciu iets in appropria-
tionsfur branch mint, (}tr\-on City, S'Vudtt.
United Sfates Branch Mint,
Carson* City. Xkvada, October^ 1872.
Sir: The regular appropriation for the support of
this branch mint for tho fiscai year ended June,
1*72, was as follows:
Tor salaries  $17,900
for wages    54.0U0
1'ur ordinary expenses  17,0u0
Total    89.500
This was supplemented, during the last
session ot Congress, by a deficiency appro-
priation, as follows:
For wnffes $o,0M
For ordinary expenses    I2,4oo
  1S.400
Making in all   
T!sp«c appropriations combined wore insutlk'ient
fo* me ' ^pcnst--s of this branch mint, and i was
t>  m.'ur expenses in excess of them-—
For w,:ijps    £!,;><«;
For->r<iuuuy expenses....  4,tKJU
XuUtl    
The amount appropriated for tho current fiscal i
?cS?ir 5Sthe sa,me^s LCJ?.u!ar appropriation for
1871-7^, namely, $89.o00. This appropriation is based
upon the business of preceding years, amounting to
less than $1,000,000 per year.
# In 1871 the business of this branch mint began to
increase, and has continued until it has reached
nearly a million per month, while the appropriation
has not been increased at all. The appropriation
has, therefore, become entirely inadequate to meet
the expenses incident to the large increase of busi-
ness, and the expenses for the present fiscal year will
| be in excess of the appropriation, as follows:
Forwaj?es   „  615,000
j^For ordinary expenses   4O|0G0
| Total  $55,000
I have rao^t respectfully to request that you will
i secure an appropriation for the=e amounts, in all
, 860,000, in the deficiency appropriation at the ap-
! proaehing session oi Congress.
; In connection with this application I have the
pleasure of st.itine that our earnings (transferable to
the treasury of the United States) during the cur-
rent fiscal year, estimated on the resuitsof the last
three quarters' operations, will not be less than
Sw.OUu.
Very respectfully.
H. F. RICE, Super iiitendent.
lion. Geokce S. Boutwkll,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. Tii-'; bill appropriates
several thousand dollars less than the regular
appropriation of last year, so that if the
mint is run at all it must come in the shape of
a deficiency. I am not sure that my amend-
ments will bring up the appropriation to a sum
sufficiently high: 1 suppose they will not; but
I took them from the book of estimates the
Secretary of the Treasury sent in. I had
another letter from Mr. Rice in regard to the
estimates, stating that they -would be hardly
sufficient. All I ask is to put the items up to
the estimates of the Department, and let them
stand at that. Certainly the amount ought not
to be cat down below what it was last year.
This bill will either occasion the stopping of
the mint or running it in the expectation of
getting a deficiency hereafter, which I do not
think is a good plan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no
special information on this subject, and the
committee had none. I think this follows the
estimates : at any rate the estimates are not a
certain guide. It will be seen that this is a
pretty large appropriation for this mint: first,
$17,900 for clerks—that would seem pretty
large ; then $60,000 for wages of workmen and
adjusters; then $40,000 for chemicals, char-
coal, wood, &c. Of course we can form here
no judgment at all about the necessities for
this. What precise information the House had
I do not know. Nobody was before the com-
mittee to say that this was insufficient, but these
things must go by comparison somewhat.
Here is the branch mint at Denver. The
appropriations for the branch mint at Denver
are as follows:
Branch Mint at Denver:
For assayer,(who shall have charge of said mint.)
$2.o00; for inciter, $2.o00.
Fur three clerks, at $1,800 each. $5,400.
For wages of workmen. Sl.vioo.
For incidental ami contingent expenses, including
repairs and wastage, £5,U(>0,
Making in all $37,900.
The disparity between the expenses of these ;
two minis, as will be seen, is very great. The ;;
appropriations for that at Carson are \ery
much largei than for.she service of the mint jl
at Denver. Unless the Senator has some spe- ;j
cial information more than has been read to jj
us from the Supei-intendent of the mint at J!
Philadelphia, so far removed, I should doubt ji
whether the Senate ought to amend these jj
items. ;;
Mr. STEWART, The comparison with jj
Denver I understand very well. I suppose il
that the Carson mint does more business than :j
all tho goid and silver produced in the whole
Territory of Colorado. The business is lour
or five limes as much at Carson as il is at
Denvi.r. The comparison between those two
establishments is not a fair one.
i hU wilt come in the shape of adefieitney if j
you do not appropriate it now, and it is just up ;j
to the estimates. I think the safest viay in this il
matter is to allow the Secretary of the Treasury
to make the estimates, and for us to follow
them. He has not" overestimated; he has
been inclined to underestimate the amount.
The business has increased very much, as Dr.
Linderman reports, and I am confident if we
do not make these additions the mint will be
embarrassed. Have the estimates for the
mint at Denver been cat down? I have not
had time to look at them, but I do not be-
lieve the estimates for Denver have been cut
down. At Denver the estimates were for
assaver, $2,500; melter, 52,500; three clerks,
So,400; wages of workmen, §1-5,335. That
is followed exactly, as far as I am able to
examine the items in the bill.
The amendments that I have sent up I
had the clerk of the Committee on Appropri-
ations compare, to make them exactly accord-
ing to the estimates. The bill follows the
estimates in the case of Denver bat cuts them
down in the case of Carson. The business of
the Carson mint is increasing more rapidly
than that of any other mint in the United
States. The Director of the Mint, in his report,
speaks of the great increase of business at that
mint, and of its importance. My amendments
are only to make the appropriations for Car-
son correspond with the estimates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it the under-
standing of the Senator that this is less than
last year?
Mr. STEWART. I think it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My understand-
ing is that it is almost $40,000 more.
Mr. STEWART. It ought to be ; but tak-
ing in the deficiency, you will find it a good
cIgh.1 less
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Last year, fol-
lowing the estimates, the appropriations were
in the various items, first $17,000, the same as
now, next, $50,000 last year as against $60,000
this year, and $17,000 last year, as against
$40,000 this.
Mr. STEWART. That is a deficiency
which has been already appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Making a dif-
ference against us this year of $33,902.
Mr. STEWART. You will find a deficiency
a good deal more than that, which has been
already granted in order to pay for the run-
ning of the mint.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
what the deficiency might be for, but I think
that the inference is rather against the argu-
ment of the Senator. If the House of Repre-
sentatives appropriated last year, and coming
from the same committee precisely. $33,900
less for this specific service, and if they did
that with the knowledge that there was a de-
ficiency for last year, it is fairly to be inferred,
I think, that the service this year does not
demand so much.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think any infer-
ence of that kind from the action of the House
of Representatives can be drawn. Ttie prob-
ability is that their attention was not called
to the matter. I suppose that is the fact.
1 suppose they wouid have done justice to the
Carson mint if the subject had been brought to
their attention. I do not know of any reasons
why it should be put in this shape, ami 1 have
not heard any reason assigned why ihe appro-
priation should be cut down below the estimate
of the Secretary of the Treasury. On the
contrary, even with those amendments, the
amount appropriated will not be equal to the
appropriation of last year and the deficiency.
It seems to me that it is but fair that we should
have this sum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
M>\ STEWART. I should like to take the
s'-hse of the Senate on the question whether
the mint of Carson City is to he stopped from
running, and therefore I shall be oblijjc-J to
call for the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment.
