1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
•whatever their color may be. This, however,
is a question of precedent, and if we open the
door for this purpose on this appropriation
bill there is no earthly reason why we should
close it for the same purpose upon any other
bill. Therefore, with all due submission to
the Chair, for whose decisions I have the
greatest deference, believing them always to
be made in good faith and with an earnest
intention to decide what is right, I think the
appeal of the Senator from Louisiana is well
taken.
Mr. -EDMUNDS. I am <?ery sorry that our
duty to the rules should oblige us, as it seems
to do my frtend fiom California, to make our-
selves a party to distinctions against race and
in respect to color, because the word "race"
embraces not only the black' man, but the
white man; not only the African, but the Sax-
on ; not only the Saxon but the Celt; not only
the Celt, but the-American ; and it would be an
extreme pity, indeed, if our fidelity to this rule
should betray us against our will on all sides
of the Chamber, into voting against an amend-
ment based upon the fundamental principle
of justice and equality as this is.
But I do not think we need to fash our
beards with difficulties of that kind, Mr.
President. Here are $12,000,000 appropriated
to sustain and feed and put in operation this
very body of men, and this amendment only
undertakes to regulate the distribution of that
body of men in the various regiments in re-
spect to which they are being paid and fed
and clothed and transported; so that if any
general legislation can possibly relate to the
appropriations contained in the bill, this does.
The other day on the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, I believe it was, an amendment was
offered which had reference to the extension
of a line for other service, requiring other
money, which this body decided to be in order,
and I believe upon the vote of my friend from
California. It was not upon mine, because I
thought it was not in order; but Senators
having decided that it was, stare decisis. Bnt,
as I say, that furnishes a precedent for a dozen
amendments ten times as wide as this is. Here
we only regulate the conductof the government
of the Army in respect to the very persons
whose existence as members of the Army we
are providing for. I move to lay this appeal
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I should like to
know to what part of the bill this amendment
is proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to come in after the word " dollars,"
inline twenty-Ave, on page 2.
Mr. CONKLING. And the amendment in
general terms, as I understand it, provides
about the organization of the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It relates
to the composition of the Army, and this
clause of the bill relates to the pay, the com-
position regulating the pay of the Army. The
Chair has ruled the amendment in order, from
which decision an appeal has been taken, and
the pending motion is to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. SCOTT. I should like to have the
amendment read, if it is in order, for the pur-
pose of seeing whether it makes a provision
extending beyond the current year for which
tin- appropriation is made.
Tne Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question, but simply to make an inquiry
for information, which perhaps the Senator
offering the amendment can answer. As I
understand its language, it speaks of obliter-
ating all distinctions that exist on account of
race or color in reference to the organization
of the Army. I should like to know whether
it affects the different organizations, the line
and the staff all alike. If it does, then each
one can judge fijr himself as to whether it affects
the organization of the Army or not.
Mr. AMES. At the present time there are
forty regiments in the Army 
Mr, STEVENSON. Is the question debat-
able ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not if
the Senator makes the point.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope nobody will ob-
ject to the Senator from Mississippi being
heard upon it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not object.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody objects.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would rather hear
the Senator.
Mr. AMES. I was simply going to say that
there are forty regiments in the Army : twenty-
five of infantry, ten of cavalry, and five of ar-
tillery. A colored man can serve as a soldier
in only four out of these forty regiments. He
can serve in the ninth and tenth regiments of
cavalry and the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth
regiments of infantry. One idea of my amend-
ment is that he may, if he wishes, serve his
country in the "artillery or in, any regiment
of the infantry or cavalry. At the present
moment a colored man cannot fight for his
country as an artillerist. He must go into
one of these four regiments, which, by some
coincidence or other, are ordered out for duty
on the plains, and they have, whether inten-
tionally or not, the hardest kind of duty that
now devolves on the Army. I see no reason
why a colored man shall not serve his country
as an artillerist in a fort; but as the law stands,
it forbids it.
Then Senators should understand that the
law which authorizes the colored man to serve
as a soldier at all in the Army was passed
before he became a citizen. It was passed in
1866, two years before the fourteenth amend-
ment was adopted. I simply propose now that
he shall be treated so far as the Army is con-
cerned as any other citizen of the United
States is treated. I am not particnlar about
the wording of the amendment, and would
gladly accept any changes that may be pro-
posed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I look at this, notwith-
standing the admonition of the Senator from
Vermont, which I think was a little outside of
the issue, precisely as if it were a proposition
to change the Army standard of height, for
instance, or the age at which men should be
admitted into certain branches of the Army.
That would clearly be objectionable under the
rule ; and that is the true way to look at it,
not to permit our prepossessions or prejudices
in respect to race, lead us into a violation
of the rule. All Senators, I think, will agree
that if this were a proposition to change the
Army standard as to height, or the age at which
men would be admitted into the artillery,
infantry, or cavalry, it would be clearly objec-
tionable under the rule. Why ? Because it
is general permanent legislation affecting the
organization of the Army. It not only does
not relate directly to this appropriation, but in
my judgment it has nothing in the world to do
with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
in duty to the decision he has made, will read
the clause of the rule under which he has de-
cided :
"And no amendment to any such bill making
legislative appropriations other than such as di-
rectly relate to tho appropriation contained in the
bill, shall be received."
The Chair has ruled that this amendment is
admissible because it applies to an appropria-
tion pertaining to the Army, which affects the,
pay of the Army, and the amendment affects
the composition of the Army which regulates
the pay of the Army. The question is on lay-
ing the appeal from the decision of the Chair
on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. That might be true so
far as the decision has been stated by the Chair,
but the amendment goes further. It under-
takes to legislate on an independent subject
outside of any appropriation. It is therefore
not germane to the bill. If the amendment
confined itself to the pay of an officer or the
pay of a soldier, or to a new appropriation
touching the Army, it might perhaps be sus-
tained ; but it goes further than, that; it
goes outside of any appropriation. It under-
takes to reorganize the Army. It repeals an
existing law and it extends a certain right to
a class of people to whom it had never been
extended. It .is therefore new legislation.
If I understand the rule under which we are
acting, it was designed to prevent embarrass-
ment of that sort by confining the Senate in
the consideration of an appropriation bill to
amendments germane to that bill. If this
were merely an Army appropriation, I conceive
it would be germane; but it not only is not that,
but it goes beyond it. If this amendment be
admissible under the rule, then you might by
an amendment to this same .clause dispense
with the Lieutenant General or General of the
Army. Wouldthatbe pertinent? Wouldnot
that be within the mischief intended to be
remedied by the Anthony rule ? It seems so
to me; and if in the discussion of an appro-
priation bill, under the Anthony rule, we can
repeal the organization of the Army, we can
increase or diminish officers, to what limit
can amendments, to appropriation bills be
restricted ? I see none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay the appeal from
the depision of the Chair on the table. •
The question being taken by yeas an<| nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nayfe 19 ; as follows:
TEAS — Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Edmonds, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Lewis,
Mprrill.of Vermont, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Tipton, Wilson, and Wintlom—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Cragin,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johns-
ton, Kelly, Machen, Nye, Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury,
Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Vickers, and
W est—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling,
0- rbett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldtawaite, Hill, Howe,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and Wright—-32.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.]
Mr. CASSERLEY. Let it be read, because
I do not know but that it opens the way to a
general reorganization of the Army, staff and
line, infantry, artillery, and cavalry.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask .the chairman of
the committee whether the effect of that
amendment is not to increase the appropria-
tions in some way, or. in other words, to in-
crease the expenses of the Army ? I inquire
for information. Perhaps some Senator can
give me that information, and then I may
have some other questions to ask.
Mr. WEST. I do not see how by any pos-
sibility it could increase the pay of the Army
in any way. I do not see that a black man is
to be paid any more than a white man. It
merely puts them on the same footing, and
mingles them in the regiments. It does not
increase their pay.
Mr. CASSERLY. The truth is, this amend-
ment is not very intelligible except to the
Senator who introduced it and, it may be, one
or two other Senators here who are conver-
sant with the details of the Army organization.
The objection I have to it is that it manifestly
opens the door on this appropriation bill and
others to any kind of legislation, however
radical and however permanent.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If I
understand the purpose of the amendment,
