804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no; try a
division.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will ask for a
division first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The demand
for the yeas and nays is withdrawn. On the
question of agreeing to this amendment to the
appropriation bill the Senator from Nevada
demands a division.
The question being again put, there were—
ayes twelve 
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays. I see that we cannot get a vote of the
Senate in any other way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say to the
Senate that this increase is only what is re-
commended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
I am informed by the superintendent of the
mint, and by Dr. Linderman, that the esti-
mates of the Secretary are very small. The
increase of business there has been very great.
Carson mint has become a very important
institution, and the appropriation made by the
House is insufficient to carry it on. I do not
advocate large appropriations for Nevada or
any other place. I am very careful in asking
anything for my own State.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the answer of
the Committee on Appropriations ?
Mr. STEWART. 1 hear no answer at all.
It is not shown that the mint can go on with
this appropriation. Dr. Linderman says it
will require an increased appropriation, and
the Secretary of the Treasury has made his
estimates for this amount. The only answer
that is made is that the appropriation coines
from the House in this shape, and the com-
mittee of the House must know all about it.
The committee of the House have overlooked
it, or have made some mistake about it. It
has not been called to their attention. Now I
ask that the appropriation bo raised to the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury, so
that the mint can go on.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to detain
the Senate one moment, but I should like to
know what the answer of the Committee on
Appropriations is to the Senator from Ne-
vada. He says that the appropriation he asks
for is one recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and that he is informed in that
way and in other ways that it is indispensable
to carry on the mint with its present opera-
tions. I should be glad before I vote to hear
from the honorable Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The answer to
that is that the Secretary of the Treasury is
not presumed to have any more information on
this subject than the Committee on Appropri-
ations. He does not make the estimates. He
simply sends in such estimates as are handed
to him. That is the answer to that proposi-
tion.
The second is that the Committee on Ap-
propriations of the Senate had no information
on the subject which justified the inference
that anything beyond what is here appro-
priated is necessary. Beyond that, there
stands the fact that the appropriation last year
for this service was much less than that now
made. Putting those together, it, seems to me
it raises a presumption, in the absence of any
specific demand for an increase or of any
specific information that the service has been
increased, that the amount they had last year
would be sufficient, and this is much larger.
It is $33,000 larger than before.
Mr. STEWART. I have heard no answer
to my statement. I have not heard it criti-
cised that these estimates were too large. On
the contrary, we have the testimony of the
superintendentof the mint, and of Dr. Linder-
fflfin, who was sent out to examine the mint,,
that it is nccessary to have at least us much
as this. The amount in the bill would be
insnfheient, and the deficiency of last, year in
connection with the appropriation inad«- more
than wi; ask for now. That theie has been a
great increase of the business of the mint is
shown by the report of the Director of the
Mint.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page 34, line eight hundred and six, to strike
out "four" and insert " five," as the number
of clerks at the branch mint at Carson City,
Nevada.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Ohio that this
is one of a series of amendments proposed by
the Senator from Nevada. This is the first
branch of the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment on which
the yeas and nays are ordered and on which
we are to vote is to strike out " four" and
insert "five?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes," sir:
that is the pending question..
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 33 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Carpenter, Conkling,
Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Pool, Stewart,
and Thurman—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Borcman, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Cole," Davis, Edmunds, Fonton,
Perry of Connecticut, l'erry of Michigan, Blanngun,
Frelinghuyson, Uilbert, Goldthwuito, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, ICelly, Ma-
chen, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Ransom, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stevenson, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson, and Win-
don!—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Brownlow, Cald-
well,_Cameron, Chandler, Ctayton, Cooper, Corbett,
Cragin, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnston, Logan, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Bamsey, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner,
Vickers, West, and Wright—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. Now I call for the read-
ing of the next amendment that I sent up, and
I shall ask for a vote upon that. If the Sen-
ate vote it down, and the mint cannot go on,
I shall have done my duty.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 34, line eight hundred and eight,
after the word "sixty" to insert the word
"seven;" so that the clause will read, "for
wages of workmen and adjusters, $67,000."
Mr. NYE. [ should like to inquire of the
Senator who has the bill in charge how does
that compare with the appropriation of last
year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is consider-
ably more. It. is larger by about $34,000.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if it is larger than the deficiency
and the appropriation by $34,000?
Mr. MOIIRILL, of Maine. I cannot state
in regard to that. I was not aware that there
was a deficiency.
Mr. STEWART. How much was the defi-
ciency, I ask the chairman of the committee?
Mr. COLE. • The deficiencies amount to
about $18,000, and the addition to the appro-
priation of last year, as stated by my colleague
on the committee, is some $33,000 or $34,000 ;
so that it is above the deficiency by about
$15,000 or more.
Mr. STEWART. I will state to the Sen-
ate that the business of that mint has been
increased some four or five times in amount.
All 1 ask is that the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury for carrying it on shall be
complied with. I do not ask for any more
than he recommends. The appropriation has
been cut below his estimates of what was
necessary to carry it on. The letters of Dr.
Linderman and of the superintendent both
concur that a large increase over last year is
necessary to carry on the business of the
mint, as the business is increasing so rapidly.
Mr. MORTON. What is Dr. Linderman's
relation to the question ?
Mr. STEWART. He was sent out there
by the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and report on this subject. He was sent there
on this very business, to see what was necessary.
^ Mr. MORTON. If the Secretary of the
Treasury has recommended this increase, and
if the special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment to examine the mint, sent out there for
that purpose, has recommended it, I take it
for granted that they know more about it than
I do, and I think we ought to follow their
recommendation.
Mr. NYE. I wish simply to say one word.
The character of the business of that mint is
peculiar in itself. It is largely engaged in the
separating of gold and silver, and that in-
creases the expenses of the mint, while it also
more than quadruples the business of the mint.
The mint at Carson City is now the second
mint in the United States. More metal is
being handled there than at any other place
save San Francisco. I hope there will be a
spirit of liberality exhibited toward it, for it is
of importance and a direct benefit to the people
on that coast.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask my
friend a question. I remember that some tes-
timony was taken several years ago by the
Committee on Retrenchment, the general
purport of which was that it would be a failure
except as a mere ass^r office. I should like
to ask my friend whether there is any coinage
at that mint, or.is it merely an assay office?
Mr. NYE. More than $100,000 in money.
Mr. THURMAN. For how long a time is
that?
Mr. NYE. For the last twelve months.
Mr. STEWART. About a million a month,
including all that goes through it.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that silver coin ?
Mr. NYE. • No, sir; gold and silver.
Mr. STEWART. It is about a million a
month with all that passes through.
Mr. NYE. I hope there will be no further
fighting my poor little bantling, that mint. I
have served it faithfully. If I had served my
Maker with half the fidelity 1 should be a great
deal better man. [Laughter.] But I do know
that it is worthy of all commendation, and [
hope that the Senate of the United States will
not cripple it now that it has just begun to take
a manly form.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 16, noes 19 ; no quorum vot-
ing.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Casserly,
Conkling, Corbett. Cragin, Gilbert, Hill, Hitoh-
cock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom,
Spencer, Stewart, Thurman, Trumbull, and Wil-
son—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Cole, Davis.
Edmunds. Fenton, Eerry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Irclinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land. Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Machen, Morrill
of Maine, Norwood, Robertson, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague. Stevenson, Windom, and Wright—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler,
Clayton, Cooper, Berryof Michigan, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice. Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sehurz, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
Vickers, and West—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Nevada will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 34, line eight hundred and eleven,
to strike out "$40,000" andinsert " $53,200;"
so that the clause will read, " for chemicals,
charcoal, wood, and incidental expenses,
$53,200."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think my hon-
orable friend had better withdraw that propo-
sition. Owim; to the good nature of the Sen-
ate he has carried his other point, and I hone
that will do.
I desire to call the attention of the Senator
to the argument, he made a few moments ago
about that deficiency. The disparity between
the appropriations of last year and this is
$33,000. My honorable fiiend undertook to
account for that by saying, "Verywell; you had
a deficiency last year which overcame that,"
