1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
the argument being that the appropriation last
year was more than the appropriation this
year. Now, I have looked into tiiat, and find
that the deficiency was for this year, " salary
of coiner for fiscal year 1872;" and the note
appended to that in explanation of the defi-
ciency is:
"This deficiency arose through an error in the
phraseology of the appropriation made by act of
March 3,1871, by which the offices of assayor and
coiner were made to read as one."
The deficiency is only §2,500. Deducting
that from the disparity between the two now,
or the excess of appropriation this year over
last, and you still have about $32,000 in excess
for this particular service over last year.
Mr. STEWART. On this subject of de-
ficiency I wish to say that 1 had read a letter
from the superintendent showing the amount
of the deficiency, and accounting for it, and
it was a pretty large amount. 1 do not know
what paper the Senator reads from.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I read from
the estimates.
Mr. STEWART. If you will only follow
the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that is all I ask.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I read from the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury com-
municating the estimates to meet necessary
deficiencies.
Mr. STEWART. The letter of the super-
intendent of the mint making Ms report
states as follows:
Uxited States Branch lfi\-r.
Carson" City. Netadv, October 8,1872.
Sir: The regular appropriation for the support of
this branch mint for the liscalyear ended 30ih June,
1872, was a,-; follows;
For Salaries    $17,900
For wages  54,000
For ordinary expenses  17,600
Total  89,500
This was supplemented during the last
session of Congress by a deficiency appro-
priation, as follows:
For wages    $6,000
For ordinary expenses 12,400
18,400
Making in all       $107,900
The Secretary of the Treasury sends this
report to us, and I suppose there is no doubt
about these figures being correct:
These appropriations combined were insufficient
for the expense? of this branch mint, and I was
obliged to incur expenses in excess of them—
For wages  $1,000
For ordinary expenses    4.000
Total.
;.nou
The amount appropriated for the current fiscal
y'-ar l* the same as (he regular appropriation for
1&71-72 namely. As'.'..y«). This appropriation is based
upon the busine-s of preceding years, amounting
to less than sl,0(K),Ut>0 per year.
lu l Tl the business of this branch mint began to
increase, and has continued until it has reached
nearly a million per month, while the appropria-
tion has not been increased at ail. The appropria-
tion has. therefore, become entirely inadequate to
meet the expenses incident to the largo increase of
business, and the expen>e^ for the present fiscal
year will be in excess of the appropriations as fol-
low,- :
For wages  f'o.OiKl j
For ordinary expenses    40.000 •
Total..
. . fii.WW
i have must respectfully to request that you will
-( eurt-,ni aj,j,i oj.nation fui Uu-se amounts, in all
in tho dcth'ioney appropriation at the ap- I
proaehing >efsion of Congress. I
In connection with this application I have the j
pleasure of ,-tatin^ that our earnings (transferable ;
to the Treasury of the United States) daring the '
current ii.-cal year, estimated on the results of the [
la.-t three quarters' operations', will not be less than
Very respectfully.
lj. F. KICK, Sup> rin'<
Hon. (it-.ilUUK S. 1 «H TWKU.,
>- rr- !■:. t: or lh<
So thi.s branch mint is pretty nearly self-
susiaiaitig. With these lights before him the
Sfcivtary of the Treasury made bis estimates,
ntid what we ask is that the appropriation be
according to the estimates, nothing more.
_ Mr. NYE. I want to add a single addi-
tional remark, and that is that the character
of the business of this mint has changed so as
to increase the expenses by requiring very large
increase of fuel, especially of charcoal. The
business of separating was somewhat new to
the mint, but, under the direction of the
Director of the Mint, this mint was ordered to
pursue that business with a new chemical pro-
cess ; and the superintendent,, who I can say
is one of the best men on the Pacific coast,
carried out the instructions of the Director of
the Mint, and the result is this large increase
in the supply of fuel, melting more than a
million a month of silver and gold, and
separating it so that that portion of it which is
gold can be coined and the silver put in bars.
Under the direction of the Director of the Mint
it was done, helping thereby our producers of
bullion to that extent. That is why this addi-
tion of fuel was made; and, acting under that
direction, the superintendent there, who I re-
peat is a most prudent and economical man,
incurred this expense for additional fuel, a
thing that no other mint in the United States
is subjected to. I hope that that will be con-
sidered as entirely favorable ; and that he has
performed great duties and returned large re-
sults will be seen from these reports. I hope,
therefore, the amendment will prevail.
The question being put, there were—ayes
nine
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAYIS. I understand this amendment
will increase the appropriation as recom-
mended by the committee about one third.
Am I correct in that?
Mr. STEWART. Not so much as that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It increases it
from $40,000 to $-53,000. The Senator is cor-
rect in the percentage.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 22: as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragiri, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis,Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pool, Ram-
sey, Hansom, Spencer, Stewart, Thurman, and Wil-
son—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman. Cole, Davis.
Edmunds. Fcnton, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Oold-
tbwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston, Machen. Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Robertson, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Trum-
bull. Windom, and Wright-—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Auies, Bay.ird, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell. Cameron, Casserly, Chandler. Clay-
ton, Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Keiiv. Lo^an, Osbom,
Patterson* Pomcroy, Pratt. R\ee, Saubbury, Saw-
yer, Sehurz. Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Yk-k-
ers, and West—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HILL. I gave notice yesterday that I
would offer an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to propose one amendment?
Mr. HILL. I should with great pleasure,
but I have been waiting for an hour, and you
can do that just as well afterward. I have
been long trying to get the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is simply to
perfect a section.
Mr. HILL. Very well, I give way if it is
merely for a verbal correction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not exactly
that. 1 move on page 6. after the word " del- [
lars.': in line one hundred and twenty-two, to
insert "the same to be available from and
alter the 1st day of March, 1873." That is to
make the compensation of members available
from that time. That is all.
Mr. HILL. What is that amendment. ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is to make
the compensation of members of the House
of Representatives available after the 1st day
of March next; otherwise it would not be
un'il after the 1st day of July.
Mr. HILL. I understand it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HILL. I was about to state that yes-
terday I gave notice of my amendment ie-
ng^ to the compensation of Senators, Repre-
tatives, and Delegates. I arn instructed by
lating
sentatives, and Delegates. I arn instructed by
; the Committee on Privileges and Elections tc
' say that the amendment meets their approval,
and it is reported from them through me. In
the mere figures of the amendment, asl stated
it yesterday, there is a little error ; the com-
putation is not exactly right according to the
numbers, but it is a mere clerical error that I
think the Senate will allow to be corrected;
otherwise I should place the amendment be-
fore the Senate as it stands.
The object of the amendment briefly is to
raise the salaries of Senators, members and
Delegates from $5,000 to §8,000 per annum,
to take effect from the commencement of the
f Forty-Second Congress: and the amount of
| money may be easily ascertained by adding to
| the present pay $6,000 for each member, and
hereafter the salaries of members shall be
$8,000, if thisamendment becomes a law.
I do not wish to consume the time of the
Senate at this late hour, and will say no more
than that I believe, like myself, every gentle-
man on this floor has considered the expe-
diency of this measure, and is prepared to vote
upon it.
i Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask a question.
| Is this amendment in order? Is not this legis-
lation on an appropriation bill contrary to'our
| rules? I make the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) There is no rule against
legislation on an appropriation bill. There
was a special rule at the last session which
was only for that session.
Mr. THURMAN. Did that rule expire
with the last session ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It expired
with the session,
. Mr. THURMAN. Perhaps it was in antiei-
| patiou of this amendment that it was allowed
| to die. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I ask that the amendment be-
! read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
: from Georgia offers an amendment, which will
be read.
Mr. HILL. Let the sums stated in figures
i in my amendment be read instead of those
embraced in it as offered yesterday, when
there was a clerical error in the computation.
The Chief Clebk. The amendment is to
strike out lines ten and eleven, in the words,
" for compensation and mileage of Senators,
$405,000," and in lieu thereof to insert:
For compensation and mileage of Senator?,
i $^49,000: and the compensation of Senators and
Representatives in Congress and the Delegates from
the Territories shall be $-5,000 per annum, to be paid
as at present provided by law, and to commence
from the beginning of the Forty-Second Congress.
|. Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
| I ask the Senator what committee this conies
| from.
! Mr. HILL. The Committee on Privileges
: and Elections.
| Mr. SHERMAN. 1 raise the point of order
' that the subject-matter was not referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, and
is not within their jurisdiction under the rule.
: The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thi? was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN. But 1 speak of the Com-
; mittee on Privileges and Elections. I doubt,
j under the rules of the Senate, the power of the
1 committee to report an amendment on a sub-
■ ject that was not referred to that committee
' at all.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
j is advised that this amendment was referred
j to the Committee on Appropriations.
; Mr. SHERMAN. But I speak of the sub-
ject-matter of the amendment, and I say the
Committee on Privileges and Elections had
jurisdiction of the subject-matter, because
by the rult^s of the Senate they are authorised
in report only on questions that involve the
lights and privileges of members, not their
salaries.
