1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1765
it is to have mixed companies and regiments
of soldiers.
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is to
intermingle the white and colored soldiers
instead of keeping them in separate organi-
zations, as provided by the act of 1862. I
think it proposes to repeal that clause of the
act of 1862 which provides for separate organ-
izations, and proposes hereafter to, commingle
them. Sir, I think it is about time we should
stop this kind of legislation. It was intended
at the time, and it was known to the country
at the time, and was well understood that
they should be separated, and this sentiment
about the colored race prevailed then as strong
as it does now. But, sir, while I deprecate
this policy, so far as the Army is concerned,
not being friendly to a regular establishment
if the intermingling of the races will tend to
reduce the number or break it down, the
sooner the better for me. If this measure
will have that tendency and effect, I stand
upon this floor ready to say, so be it. How-
ever," upon principle, I am opposed to this
kind of organization. You can have your
colored regiments, and your colored com-
panies, as the law now authorizes them to be,
instead of mingling them with the whites, as
this amendment proposes to do.
Mr. COLE. In order to bring this matter
to a close, I move to lay the amendment on
the tablef
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 19: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cas^erly, Cole. Cooper, Cragin,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, John-ton, Kelly, Machen, Hansom, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, Vickerp, and West—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Clayton, Corbett, Edmunds. Ferry of
Michiga-n, I'lunau'uii, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Mor-
rill oi Vermont, Morton, Xye, Pratt, Hamgey,
Spencer. Wilson, and Wmdom—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Biair, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conkling. Davis. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut.
<Joldthwaite, Hill. Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Logan,
-Morrill ot Maine, Norwood. Qsborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wright—,:S2.
So the motion was agreed to; and the
amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. LOGAN. . I offer an amendment, to
come in after line twenty-eight on page 2:
That the headstones required by an act entitled
"An act to establish and protcct national cemete-
ries." approved February 1^, 1S67. and the act
amendatory thereof, approved June 8.1872, shall be
of durable material, and of such design and weight
as shall keep them iu place when set; and the eon-
tract for supplying the same shall be awarded by the
Secretary ot War to some responsible person or
persons wbote sample and bid shall, in the greatest
measure, combine the elements of durability, de-
oency. and cheapness: and the sum of 81,1)00,000 is
hereby appropriated lor said purpose out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. COLE. I raise the point of order on
that amendment under the rule.
Mr. LOGAN. What is the question of
order ? 1 should like to know the reason for
au objection. It does seem to me that if a
proposition to change the organization of the
Army is in order under the rule, certainly a
proposition for tombstones is in order when
there is a law authorizing them already.
Mr. WKST, Where does the Senator from
Illinois propose the amendment to come in?
Mr. LOGAN. After line twenty-eight.
Mr. WEST. Line twenty-eight refers to the
subsistence of troops, and I do not understand
that tombstones area part of their subsistence.
[Laughter.] I suppose the Senator intended
to offer it to the clause for establishing and
maintaining national military cemeteries.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether you
supposed what 1 intended or not, but I know
what 1 intended. I intended to offer it exactly
where I did. It dot's not relate to the subsist-
ence of troops, but it germane to the appro-
priation, whether it is for the subsistence of
troops or for buying cannon.
Mr. WEST. I should like to have the ruling
of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The amendment
is not in order. It does not appear to relate
directly to the appropriation in the bill.
Mr. WEST. Now I hope the Senator will
move the amendment after lines one hundred
and thirty-four, one hundred and thirty-five,
and one hundred and thirty-six, " for establish-
ing and maintaining national military ceme-
teries."
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose you move it your-
self, inasmuch as you suggest the place for it ?
Mr. WEST. I have no desire to do it, but
you can get it in there.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish my colleague, if
he has no objection, would inform the Senate
what is the total amount appropriated by
this bill.
Mr. WEST. I will tell the Senator. The
total amount appropriated by this bill is
$29,298,444. The amount asked for in
the estimates of the War Department was
$32,586,945. The bill' as it came from the
House appropriated $81,321,952 81, and there
has been a reduction by the Senate in the bill
as it came from the House of over $2,000,000
and from the estimates of $3,200,000.
Mr. SPRAGUE. How much over - last
year ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to ask that
question. How does it eompare with the appro-
priation bill of last year ?
Mr. WEST. The bill of last year appro-
priated $28,683,615 32, which is somewhat
less than is appropriated this year ; but there
is a deficiency asked for now of $1,723,000;
so that if the deficiency is granted, the appro-
priation this year will be smaller than last
year.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the Senator
from Louisiana to say that the appropriation
for the year ending June 30, 1874 is very
nearly $29,000,000?
Mr. WEST. A little over529,200,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. Exclusive of the defi-
ciency, I mean ?
Mr. COLE. There is no deficiency in this
bill. The deficiency is for the last year, and
this bill is for the next fiscal year.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good. Then it is
a little over twenty-nine millions. I ask the
Senator from Louisiana, who appears to have
charge of the bill, what is the number of our
Army on its present footing?
Mr. WEST. The Army is estimated to con-
tain thirty thousand men, but the ranks are not
always full, and calculations are always made
at the rate of $1,000 per man. That has been
the experience of the service during times of
peace for the last twenty years. -
Mr. CASSERLY. I had hoped that the
committee would be able to reduce the ex-
penses of the Army. It does not seem that
they have made much progress in that direc-
tion. Our Army is by all odds the most ex-
pensive in the world; and while I am very
well aware that in respect to the pay of the
private soldier our Army differs from the other
armies of the world, in that the pay of the
private soldier is higher with us than it is any-
where else, and although I have no disposition
to see that changed, yet I still think there is no
reason why the expenses of our Army of less
than thirty thousand men should be so largely
out of proportion to the expenses of other
armies of the world. I think I observed this
morning in the newspapers a telegraphic dis-
patch that the estimates for the British army
tor the present year were about S70,000.000,
gold. That is fourteen million pounds sterling;
and out of that they support a regular line of
more than one hundred and twenty-iivp thou-
sand meu, besides a largo number of volun-
teers, militia, and yeomanry, tho who!#  f
those additional forces equaling one hundred
and eighty thousand men; so that our Army
costs us say $28,000,000 in gold for less than
thirty thousand men, and their army of over
three hundred thousand men costs them about
870,000,000 in gold. And yet we all know that
the pay and compensation of the higher officers
of the British army, and in that I mean to in-
clude colonels, is a much larger sum than any-
thing that we pay to our higher officers.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow
me, he is mistaken on that subject. The
officers of the English army are not paid so
high as the officers of our Army.
Mr. CASSERLY. I said the higher offi-
cers. I know the privates are not, but the
higher officers are.
Mr. LOGAN. No, the officers are not
either
Mr. CASSERLY. I have Whitaker's
almanac here, and can refer to it.
Mr. LOGAN. It is immaterial; btit the
pay of a lieutenant colonel in the British army
is only $1,500 a year, I think.
Mr. CASSERLY. I certainly do not think
I can be mistaken that taking the higher offi-
eeirs of* the British army from colonel up the
expense of that body of officers in the British
army in proportion is far greater than it is
with us. The advantage they have, if advant-
age it be, except in a pecuinary point of view,
is that the pay of the private soldier is very
much smaller than it is with us, but in all other
respects I think the compensation of the per-
sonnel of their army is much higher than it is
with us. Therefore I think that the cost of our
Army is still unreasonably and unnecessarily
large.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The great body of the
British army is made up of Indian troops.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senatoris mistaken;
the great body of the British army is not made
up of Indian troops.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Out of a force of two
hundred and eighty thousand men, but seventy-
four thousand are white.
Mr. CASSERLY. The regular estimate of
the English army is one hundred and twenty-
five thousand men.
Mr. WEST. That is all that is paid.
Mr. CASSERLY. Oh, no, the expenses
according to the telegram this morning of the
volunteer establishment of the army to a cer-
tain extent and some other forces, come out
of the army estimates.
Mr. CAMERON. It is true, as the Senator
from California says, that our Army is the most
expensive Army in the world per head. The
reason why that is so, in the, first place, is
because our Army is a smaller one than that
of other nations; and of course the expense
of a smaller body is greater per head than
that of a larger body, as every one readily
perceives. Besides that, all the members of
our Army are our fellow-citizens. When a man
leaves his pursuits as a private citizen athome
and enters our Army, especially in time of
war, he continues a citizen and we treat our
Army better and we clothe them better than
any army in the world.
This debate has brought to my mind an inci-
dent that occurred at the time I happened to
be in London, iu 1802, at the beginning of our
war, at a time when almost everybody abroad
thought this country must succumb _ to the
rebellion of the South. I was invited to
a breakfast, at which there were fifteen or
twenty gentlemen of high position, men of
title, and I believe all of them members of
Parliament. During the conversation at the
table an inquiry was made as to the cost of a
soldier per year in the United States. They
were trying to convince me that we had no
chance of defeating the rebellion, no chance
of preserving the Union intact. The wish
was father to the thought with all of them.
They thought that this, the last great Republic,
weald be destroyed because of its own want of
