1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
strength to keep itself together. I said the cost
of a, soldier in the United States was a thousand
dollars a year, and it astonished everybody
present. Then my inquiry was, '' what does
it cost to feed and clothe and keep a soldier in
Great Britain?" The answer was $200. The
difference was immense. I was asked for
the reason, and I gave the reason which I have
now given, that here every man has a common
interest in the country,.and it is the interest
of those of us who are not in the Army, to feed
and clothe those who go into the Army as we
would be fed and clothed ourselves; they are our
brothers, our sons, our cousins, our relatives,
our associates in every way. Then I inquired
about the cost of a soldier in various countries.
I do not remember all of them, but seventy-
five dollars was stated to be the cost of main-
taining a soldier in Russia. The moment a
man became a soldier in any of those coun-
tries, until the recent war in Germany, he be-
came a slave, and he was fed and clothed and
used like the negro slaves of our own country.
Mr. President, it is because of this differ-
ence in the treatment and standing of a soldier
in our country that we can always provide
an army that will make us invincible, an army
capable of preserving the liberties of this
country against all foes, foreign or domestic.
They are part and parcel of ourselves, and
they live as we do. No other soldiers in the
world ever get coffee or tea or sugar or pota-
toes as a part of their rations. I remember
myself in this country, in the war of 1812, when
we copied our regulations from England, our
soldiers got a pound of beef, a pound of bread,
and half a pint of vinegar as the whole ration.
They got two pairs of socks, no greatcoat,
no other covering except a cotton shirt, with
no under drawers, and a pair of woolen panta-
loons in the winter and a woolen coat, and
light ones in the summer. Then we copied
from England; but since that time our Gov-
ernment has grown in strength, and every man
in the country soon began to know his own
rights and to feel that he was a part of the
Government, and he would have compelled
them, if his rulers had not given him what he
wanted, to clothe him as a man ought to be
clothed and as a brother ought to be clothed
when he is defending his country. We give
our soldiers good rations, plenty to eat and to
wear ; we not only provide his outside uniform,
but give him undershirts, flannels, drawers,
and make other provisions which show our
care for him.
Then look at our pension list. We pay
$30,000,000 a year to our disabled soldiers,
and the widows and orphans of those who
have given their lives for their country. What
other nation has thus cared for its defenders ?
It is this policy which fills our Army in time of
emergency.
Another advantage that we derive is that the
expenses of our Army are so great that every-
body is interested in keeping them down, and
the people will not go to war if they can help
it.
Mr. LOGAN. I have nothing to say on the
expenses of the Army particularly. I rose for
a different purpose. I believe it is usual to
criticise the amount of the appropriations for
the Army and for every other object. It is
the simplest proposition in the world to un-
derstand why our Army costs twenty-nine or
thirty millions per annum. If this Govern-
ment can get along with the Army at a cost of
a million dollars per annum per regiment, it
is getting along as reasonably as you can
expect to do. It is the simplest proposition in
the world to understand why the expenses of
our Army are so great. It is because it is
spread over thousands of miles, requiring
transportation over mountains and places
where there are no railroads or rivers, where
you are compelled to transport your supplies
by teams, the most expensive manner of sup-
plying an Army. I think now, as I have done
for years, that this Government, stretching
as it does from ocean to ocean, with an army
scattered in various parts of the country, if it
expends no more than a million per annum
per regiment for subsistence, clothing, trans-
portation, and munitions of war,, is getting
along as reasonably as it can expect to do
with the Army. That is all I want to say on
that proposition; and now I wish the atten-
tion of the Senate on another point.
The point of order seems to rest on the par-
ticular paragraph of the bill to which I moved
the amendment. On the same reasoning it
would not be proper as an amendment to .any
paragraph in this bill; but now I propose to
offer it to a different paragraph. The para-
graph I offered it to was '' for subsistence of the
regular troops, engineers, and Indian scouts,
$2,500,000." The paragraph my friend desired
me to offer it to is this : ''for supplies," &c.
There is no difference between subsistence and
supplies. They are the same.
Mr. WEST. The Senator misunderstood
me. I asked him to offer it to the paragraph
whichprovides " for establishing and maintain-
ing national military cemeteries," on page 6.
There it would be perfectly appropriate, and
I have no doubt would be ruled in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to discuss the
question ; but I like to offer my amendments
according to my own theory. I believe this is
germane to any part of the bill, because it
relates to an appropriation pertaining to the
expenses of the Army ; but I do not care to
discuss it. I now offer it as an additional sec-
tion, to come in after the last section of the
bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I raise the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order that it is not in
order as a new section, because it does not
conform to the rule. The rule only admits
amendments proposing legislation such as re-
lates directly to an appropriation contained in
the bill.
Mr. CONICLING. May we hear it read ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment reads:
That the headstones required by an act entitled
"An act to establish and protect national ceme-
teries," approved February 22, 1867, and the act
amendatory thereof, approved June 8,1872, shall be
of durable material, and of such design and weight
as shall keep them in place when set; and the con-
tract for supplying the same shall be awarded by the
Secretary of War to some responsible person or per-
sons whose sample and bid shall, in the greatest
measure, combine the elements of durability, de-
cency, and cheapness; and the sum of $1,000,000
is hereby appropriated for said purpose out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend state,
the point of order being raised, how it is in
order?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know exactly what
the rule means if this is out of order, when
the rule says I can offer it to the bill where
there is an appropriation of the same charac-
ter in the bill. True, there is nothing in this
bill in reference to tombstones; -nor is there
in any other bill. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that it might become
part of this bill. It was reported by the Mili-
tary Committee and referred there that it
might become a part of the bill. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations did not see fit to
make it a part of the bill, but I tried 
Mr. CONKLING. I find on page 6 
Mr. COLE. I rise to a point of order.
There is no question unless there is an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate. The Senator from Illinois
is speaking on the bill.
Mr. COLE. He was speaking to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. I am speaking at this
moment to the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois had the floor, and yielded
to the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Illinois to the fact
that there stands in the bill on page 6 these
words:
For establishing and maintaining national mil-
itary cemeteries, $250,000.
Now, although it does not say headstones,
I suggest for the consideration of the Senator
whether he has not a right to amend that as
he proposes.
Mr. LOGAN. I suppose so, but I desire
to discuss the question with the Chair. I
thought it was germane to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Illinois that he
offered his amendment at the close of the bill.
The Chair suggested indirectly that if it was
offered elsewhere, the Chair would entertain it;
but the Chair must decide according to the
rule established by the Senate, which says that
the amendment, to be in order, shall relate
directly to the appropriation contained in the
bill.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I thought it
did. If the President will suggest to me where
to offer it, I will offer it at the particular spot,
period, and place.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that it be offered as a
separate bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg to remind the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations that while
I have the floor I will make my own suggestions.
Mr. COLE. The Senator was asking for
suggestions, and I gave him one.'
Mr. LOGAN. 1 was asking the President
for suggestions, but I did not inquire of the
Committee on Appropriations for suggestions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will answer the Senator from Illinois that it is
not the province of the Chair to propose
amendments.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not ask the chairman
to propose amendments, but I asked him to
suggest to me where he thinks the amendment
would be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In that light
the Chair will answer the Senator from Illinois
that if he offers the amendment to the clause
covered by lines one hundred and thirty-four,
one hundred and thirty-five, and one hundred
and thirty-six the Chair will entertain the
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I will offer it there, to come
in after the last word of the last line mentioned
by the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment as now pro-
posed, to come in at the close of line one
hundred and thirty-six.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert after line one hundred and thirty-six :
That the headstones required by an act entitled
"An act to establish and protect national cemete-
ries," approved February 22,1867, and the act amend-
atory thereof, approved June 8, 1872, shall be of
durable material, and of such design and weight as
shall keep them in place when set; and the contract
for supplying the same shall be awarded by the
Secretary of War to some responsible porson or per-
sons whose sample and bid shall, in the greatest
measure, combine the elements of durability, de-
cency, and cheapness; and the sum of $1,000,000 is
hereby appropriated for said purpose out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. COLE. I raise the point of order
against this under the rule which says that "no
amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provision other than such as directly
relate to the appropriations contained in the
bill shall be received." I do not perceive that
this relates to any appropriation contained in
the bill. The clause just preceding the point
where this amendment comes in is—
For establishing and maintaining national mil-
itary cemeteries, $250,000.
This is for an entirely different object, to
wit: for the making of tombstones under the
special law which is referred to in the amend-
ment. I do not see that it relates to any ap-
propriation in the bill, and therefore I submit
that it is out of order.
