ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
minister resident at Peru or the other principal
South American States.
Now, whether this is an inadvertence or an
abuse, it is the duty of any one knowing it to
call the attention of the House to it. The
truth is, there should not be a representative
to either of these States. The one is away up
the Parana river, fifteen hundred miles from
its mouth, and now overrun by its conquerors,
and with which we have no occasion to com-
municate at all. The other is a little province
at the mouth of the Plata, the entire trade of
which with the United States was $16,000 in
gross for the year 1870, the last year for which
I have any returns.
Now, by what propriety is a minister sent to
that place at all? But if a minister is sent
there, why should he have, not the least sal-
ary according to the insignificance of the spot
to which he is sent, but the largest salary
paid to any representative that we send to South
America ?
A year ago I moved to abolish this mis-
sion entirely. It ought to be abolished. A
gentleman who once represented this Govern-
ment in South America, himself a distin-
guished friend of the Administration, told me
that $100 a year would pay for every public
service a representative to Uruguay could pos-
sibly be called upon to render. But since the
Hous$ refused to abolish this mission last year,
I now move to reduce it to the general stand-
ard of South American missions, leaving the
responsibility of our having a minister there
at all with the side of the House to which it
belongs.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I rise to op-
pose the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Potter.] I regret that he does not see the
necessity for the dispensation of official patron-
age. It does not require the speech of the gen-
tleman to show that he must be in a minority
in this Government. He should be aware of
the fact that there are sometimes two great
objects influencing the Government in the dis-
posal of public offices. He overlooks the ne-
cessity for conferring official favor at times for
the purpose of enabling the supporters of an
administration to make their approaches to the
Treasury; and he has also evidently forgotten
the homely lines—
"For be it understood
■They loft their country for their country's good."
In the application of these lines to the
present case, I do not wish to be understood
as meaning that the distinguished gentleman
who has the honor to fill this important mis-
sion—pecuniarily important, at least—is to be
placed in the category or those self-expa-
triated patriots who leave their country in
the beneficent interests of philanthropy and
patriotism.
_Jut, sir, we are now revising our consular
I system; and while one of our standing com-
' mittees has given to this great question much
diligent attention and inquiry, I regret that it
has not also been empowered to institute a like
inquiry into the reorganization of our diplo-
matic service. That we might abolish many
of the existing missions to the South Ameri-
can republics, and might also reform and re-
organize to a very great extent our missions to
European nations, is, I think, certain. We
know, those of us at least who have had an
opportunity to observe by personal inspection
the mental, social, and other qualifications of
the diplomatic agents of this country abroad,
that for the last fifty years, instead of confer-
ring benefits upon this nation, instead of pro-
moting the extension of its commerce, instead
of securing protection to its citizens and con-
ferring honor upon the country they represent,
we have, under a mistaken policy of carrying
our disposition of official patronage into our
diplomatic service, selected in almost nine
cases out of ten the wrong agents. Instead
of putting the right man in the right place,
our practice has been to put the wrong man
very frequently in the right place.
Therefore, sir, if we are to adopt the meas-
ure which has been reported to us by the com-
mittee, who, it is to be presumed, have prop-
erly and intelligently reached their conclusions
and recommendations, I hope we may go yet
further, that we may institute an inquiry into
the personnel of the diplomatic agents of this
country everywhere ; that we may apply, if
possible, the principles of civil service reform
to our representation abroad. In no depart-
ment of the Government is it more important
to have a suitable representative than in our
diplomatic positions abroad. Why, sir, in all
other intelligent nations of the world, diplo-
macy is a matter of education. All the lead-
ing nations of Europe educate their diplomats,
especially and purposely to enable them to be
well qualified to discharge their duties. From
the position of the humblest attach^ to an
embassy, men gradually rise to become embas-
sadors and ministers plenipotentiary, in con-
sequence of their personal qualification and
fitness for such official duty. I should like
to see our Government adopt some such system,
thatwe may be represented abroad intelligently
and properly.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Chairman, I suppose
it is desirable that the United States should be
represented in foreign countries ; I suppose it
is also proper to consider the compensation to
be paid to these representatives, but the ques-
tion of compensation should be considered in
relation to the importance of the mission.
Now, I see nothing, and have been unable to
see anything in the discussion of this bill, to
persuade me this minister to Uruguay should
be paid any larger salary than the ministers
accredited to other South American republics.
It is very clear to me, from the intercourse we
have had with Uruguay and Paraguay within
the last four or five years, that republic is not
one of the utmost consequence to the United
States or to any other Government, and it is
therefore of no consequence that we should
have what the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] has styled a trained diplomat there.
Besides, Mr. Chairman, I think the Hodse
is thoroughly well apprised of the fact that we
do not send trained diplomats to any extent to
South American republics. At least those who
have been accredited there in years past have
not been educated to diplomacy. Now, the
only pretense on which this salary of the min-
ister to Uruguay is made $11,250 is by adding
to what was the former salary of the minister
to Uruguay one half of the salary of the min-
ister to Paraguay. It is by construction, and
not because wo suppose the duties of this office
should be compensated by so large a salary.
It is merely by construction, and the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] is to reduce the salary of the minister
to Uruguay to the figures at which it stood
formerly, $7,500.
It seems to me there is no good reason why
the committee should not agree to that amend-
ment. There is no reason why the minister
there should be paid more than the former
salary of the minister to Uruguay. That has
been abundantly shown in the debate; and if
we are to begin to economize, here, I think, is
a good point.
Mr. SARGENT. The objection to the
amendment is that it will simply make a defi-
ciency to be provided for hereafter in a defi-
ciency bill, unless indeed the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] couples his amend-
ment with a provision like that which I offered
in the case of Nicaragua. It will be found, as
I have said, the only effect of the amendment
as it now stands will be to postpone payment.
Mr. POTTER. I accept the suggestion of
the gentleman from California, and will couple
his provision with my amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to move a sub-
stitute.
Mr. POTTER. I will add to my amend-
ment a repeal of the law making the salary
above $7,500.
Mr. WJLLARD. I ask the gentleman to
hear my substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line thirty-six, page 3, of the bill,,strike out
the words " $11,250" and insert the following:. .
Provided, The pay and allowance of said minister
shall be $7,500, and no more.
Mr. SARGENT. That will obviate striking
out the first amendment. All that will be
necessary will be to change it from $11,250
to $7,500. The amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potter] strikes out all
of the paragraph, which strikes out any appro-
priation, and I suggest instead of that he sub-
stitute $7,500 for $11,250.
Mr. POTTER. I understand the gentleman
from Vermont assents to the suggestion of the
gentleman from California as to the form the
amendment should take. We are all desirou s
of reaching the same result, and I will there-
fore accept the substitute of the gentleman
from Vermont as modified by the gentleman
from California, to which both gentlemen
assent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the paragraph as it will read if amended.
• The Glerk read as follows:
For minister resident at Uruguay, also accredited
to Paraguay, $7,500: Provided, The pay and allow-
ance of said minister shall be $5,000, and no more.
Mr. SARGENT. The word " hereafter"
ought to be in there.
Mr. POTTER. Yes; and I so modify it.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. It is too late ; it has been
discussed.
Mr. HALE. I raised the point of order
directly it was read. It has never been read
to this moment.
Mr. SARGENT. The amendment was dis-
cussed, and the point of order not having been
made until after discussion, the amendment
must be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. When did the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Hale] rise to make his
point of order ?
Mr. HALE. I made the point of order as
soon as the amendment was read at the Clerk's
desk the last time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels bound
to hold that the gentleman made the point of
order in time. Will the gentleman state what
is his point of order?
Mr. HALE. It is this : that the amendment
changes the existing law, which provides that
when one mission is annexed to another, the
holder of the first mission draws one half of
the salary of the mission annexed. That is in
terms the existing law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
suggestion. I believe it has been ruled that it
is in order to increase a salary on an appro-
priation bill. It is a very poor rule which will
allow the Committee of the Whole to increase
a salary but not to diminish it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the chair-
man allow me to say a word on the point of
order? The rule is that we may increase the
sum of money to be paid to persons who carry
on the public service. But when we say, by
our legislative action, in an appropriation bill,
that an officer shall not be paid beyond a cer-
tain amount, although the law says he may be
paid beyond that amount, we thereby change
existing law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So we do when we
increase a salary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If we increase a
salary, saying that a man hereafter shall have
a salary of so much, is not thata change of the
existing law as much as diminishing the salary
would be?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we do not say
the salary shall be so and so hereafter, but
merely appropriate so much money, that does
not change the law.
> Mr. DAWES. That case has been pro-
vided for by an express rule.
