1768
THE) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the Senator
fron> New Jersey that I am not able to answer
for the reason that I do not know the character
of stone that may be selected. This leaves it
entirely to the Secretary of War in his dis-
cretion. Heretofore under the former law quite
a number of bids were put in and he refused
to select on the ground, as he states, that he
was confined by that law to the cheapest prop-
osition, one for the least money, ana that was
of such a character that he could not accept it.
Hence he referred it back to.Congress. The
range, however, was from three dollars for
some materials, $1 80 for others, 'and from
that up to six dollars. I presume that a good
headstone, such a one at least as I would select
if I were going to select it, will cost from
three and a half to five dollars; not more I
think than five dollars and not less than three.
Mr. FRELINGHUySEN. I hope, if this
amendment of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs is not in order, that the
Senate by a unanimous vote will make it iu
order. The idea that we should be hesitating
whether we will vote from our national Treas-
ury five dollars a head to perpetuate the mem-
ory of the patriots who died for this country
damages this country a thousand times more
than the amount of money that it is proposed
to take from the Ireasuiy. Why, sir, if the
idea could have been suggested to one of
these patriots as on the field of battle he was
dying, thinking of mother or wife, that this
nation would hesitate to spend five dollars to.
perpetuate his name, it seems to me it would
have been a blow more cruel, more heartrend-
ing than bullets or bayonets. And if the idea
could have been suggested to one of those
wives, whose very heart strings were broken,
that the ties which bound this nation together
might not be severed, that this nation would
hesitate to vote five dollars to perpetuate the
memory of her husband who laid down his
life for his country, that would have broken
the bruised reed and quenched the smok-
ing flax. Go stand in the long aisles of
Gettysburg, Antietam, and Arhugtou, and
from a thousand graves comes floating in the
air that sentiment, "We laid our young lives
down for duty, for our dear natal soil and a
celestial crown." Shall this nation hesitate
to put its stamp of approval upon that noble,
patriotic duty? Shall we attempt to bury them
in the grave of oblivion? No, Mr. President,
this nation cannot afford to withhold this ap-
propriation to her patriot dead, be it in order
or oat of order.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the amendment be received.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it possible that the
question is whether the amendment is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations has
objected to it as out of order, and the Chair
has submitted the question of reception to the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought from the
speeches we had heard that the question was
on the merits of the amendment. I never
imagined it was a mere question of order.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll-
call will proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 87, nay 1; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Jerry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howe, Lo-
gan, Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
.l'attftrsoi], Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman. Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Thur-
man. Vickers, West, Wilson, and Windom—37.
NAY—Mr. Cole.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Boreman, Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cooper, D,iyis, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gil-
bert., Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Wright—35.
So the amendment was received.
Mr. STEWART. I see under that how
this might bean entire bid. If it were divided
into a good many bids it might be cheaper, the
cemeteries being situated in different localities.
I do not know whether I exactly express my
idea, but I have given my suggestion to the-
Secretary. I propose to give power to receive
seperate bids in different localities. I should
like to have the amendment reported which I
propose. It is at the Secretary's desk.
The Chief Clerk. After the word cheap-
ness," in line ten of the amendment, it is pro-
" to insert:
And seperate bids for the different parts of the
headstones to be used in the different cemeteries
shall be received, and the contract for the same
shall "be awarded to the lowest responsible bidder,
so that the entire headstones shall be constructed
and set at the lowest possible cost.
Mr. LOGAN. I think, although the in-
tention of that amendment is all right, the
words "shall be let to the lowest responsible
bidder" ought not to be in. That was ex-
actly the trouble of the law before. The dis-
cretion is left in the amendment as offered by
me to the Secretary of War, so that he may
give it to the best bidder, taking into consid-
eration the durability, appropriateness of ma-
terial, and cheapness, all combined, for the
purpose of ascertaining the best bidder.
Mr. STEWART. I did not wish to confine
him to the lowest bid, but I thought that would
be interpreted in connection with the other
words. Let that part be left out.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to sep-
arate bids.
Mr. STEWART. I will leave nothing but
the provision for separate bids.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the amendment
that I offered contemplates that; that was
the intention; but if the Senator's proposi-
tion makes it any clearer, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. As I am not familiar
with the acts referred to in the amendment, I
would inquire of the Senator from Illinois
whether they require the Secretary of War
before offering any contracts to determine
what shall be the form and material of these
headstones ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Ought not the provision
to require that in the first place the Secretary
shall determine what shall be the form and
material of the tombstones, and then having
determined that, to invite bids ? Otherwise it
is utterly impossible to tell what will be the
lowest bid. If one man offers to furnish a
certain kind of tombstone, another a different
kind of tombstone, and another yet another, I
venture to say that if you invite models you
will have one hundred at least, perhaps more,
and to compare them and say which is the
lowest bid is simply an impossibility in a case
like that. Therefore I suggest to my friend
that unless he proposes uniformity, (and I think
uniformity would be rather a recommendation,)
he should so shape his amendment that the
Secretary of War shall first determine exactly
the charades of the headstone, the form, and
structure and material, aud having done that
then let him invite bids. I would not confine
him to a single bid which would give the whole
work, no matter where the cemeteries are, to
one man or to one company. But certainly it
does seem to me that the very first step to be
taken is for him to determine what shall be
the design and the material of which the tomb-
stones shall be made.
Mr. CORBETT. I have before me a letter
of M. C. Meigs, Quartermaster General of the
Army, in which he gives a list of the bids for
308,372 monuments or stones of different ma-
terials, and here I notice that there is a bid
for burnt clay $477,976, and another for burnt
clay of $647,000, aud one for freestone from
theBuena Vista Freest one Company, $662,000;
there is also another bid for soapstone $718,-
000, and another for marble, bid amended
after public opening, of Parcival W. Clement,
1,000; another regular bid from another
party, Gehr & Reynolds, marble, $881,000.
Now, taking this regular bid of $881,000, it
costs $2 81 for each headstone of marble. It
does seem to me that that is the only suitable
thing to be used. A bid was a;lso received for
marble and bronze at $887,000, or a trifle
more than marble, and there was also a bid
for granite and bronze at $979,000.
It seems to me that the marble is the cheapest
proportionately. Of course we do not want
soapstone or burnt clay; and the amount is
very small I think. It does seem to me that
the Senate of the United States ought -to be
the best judge of what is suitable for this pur-
pose. Bronze will wear out in the course of
years, and will become rusty and ill-looking
and will not keep its color as marble will. So
far as I am concerned I am in favor of con-
fining it to marble, and should much prefer to
do so. It seems to be about as cheap as any-
thing according to these bids, and certainly it
is most suitable and most durable from all
experiments. Freestone is not durable. Every
one knows it scales off, and engraving becomes
obliterated on it. I hope the amendment will
be so amended as to confine the selection to
stone or marble or granite.
Mr. COLE. I agree with the Senator from
Oregon that if we are to go into this business
we had better adopt marble as the material.
In that case the appropriation would have to
be increased from one million to several mil-
lions ; but that is a matter of no great conse-
quence in these times. Money is plenty aud
votes are plenty for objects of this kind. In
my opinion, we should be doing greater credit
to those who fell in the late war if we gave
a-little more attention -to those they left be-
hind, their children, their widows, and those
who can be made happy by the use of the
money that we are to expend for this purpose.
The soldiers' graves have not beeen ne-
glected. They have been well cared for, and I
am in favor of caring for them ^ but I am not
in favor of the proposition to provide a uni-
form headstone which will cost about two or
three or four dollars a piece, according to the
statement, which will last three or four years,
which will mark the grave for a little while,
aud afford excellent employment for the con-
contractor, whoever he may be, for two or
three years, more or less. I am not exactly
in favor of that; but if we are to go into this
business, let us do it up as becomes this great
Republic, this powerful nation', this wealthy
people, and make marble tombstones or mon-
uments for those noble persons who fell in the
late war. That they are very numerous is
true, and that it may involve a large expense
is unquestionable; but I do not see how we
can avoid it.
We are not at liberty in fact to go through
the mockery of putting up monuments of burnt
clay, as is stated here, and most of the bids I
see are for burnt clay, which means brick.
That is the sort of monuments or headstones'
that will probably be provided by the con-
tractor, because he is to be "some responsible
person." 1 do not know which one of these
bidders is entitled to or will be likely to get the
contract; but some person will get it, and he will
probably be called upon to- make monuments
each of single brick or piece of burnt clay. I
think, sir, the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, if he intends it as such, should be
adopted and that we should provide marble as
the material out of which these monuments
are to be made. ■'
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. In order to obviate the
difficulty that I suggested, I have prepared an
amendment which meets the approval of the
Senator from Illinois, and I move it as an
amendment to his amendment, to come in at
the end of his amendment, and it will tend very
much to prevent there being any job in this
matter, and it will give bidders a fair oppor-
