1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1769
tunity to contest with each other, 80 that the
lowest price may be paid. The amendment is
as follows;
Provided, That before advertising for contracts,
the Secretary shall determine what shall be the
design, size,'and material of t"he tombstones, and
the contracts may be awarded to different persons
for certain numbers of the headstones, in the dis-
cretion of the Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on. the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from. Ohio whether his proposition,
which is a very good one in substance, cannot
be improved a little.
Mr. THURMAN. It can in language I
have no doubt, for I drew it up in a great
hurry.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This very subject is one
that was interesting to my constituents both
in respect to the use whicli was to be made of
the material and the production of it, because
we had soldiers and we had marble and gran-
ite, and therefore, trader the existing law, my
attention was called to it in the War Depart-
ment, and I undertook to persuade the Sec-
retary of War, but too late to have it acted
upon without any fault of his, that he ought to
adopt precisely in substance what the Senator
has suggested, that he could not have an intel-
ligent bid, and a fair and proper one and the
proper competition without having the bidders
have something in the nature of a standard to j|
bid upon. But that suggestion, came too late, n
the orders had been issued, and the result was ,
exactly what might, have been anticipated, ji
that the Secretary, being perfectly honest and j:
upright about it, went into the whole bundle ;j
of bids and models and he could not tell any- j
thing about it. There was not any single j
standard to which he could refer his judg-
ment, and if he decided in favor of one man j
every one else would say it was because he jj
liked him, or for some such reason. There-
fore, some provision of this kind is desir-
able ; but it is desirable, as it appears to me, !j
not only to provide for size and design—that >
is, model—but if they are to be stone, as they ;
ought to be, or if they are m marble, as they j
may be, you ought also to have a standard ot ;
color and a standard of quaiitv. Some marbles j
will decay almost as rapidly as soapstone ; ;
other marbles, are almost or quite as durable
as grauite. Some marbles have a color which j
would be almost as bad in point oi taste aDd
decency as an iron one would be. 1
Therefore, in order to get the right thing the
Secretary of War ought to determine the size,
and he ought to deteremine the design, the
model, and he ought to determine the quality
of the stone by a standard which shall be a
sample, which should also necessarily, of
course, include the standard of color, so that a
bidder when he is to bid for maibie, if you
please, which varies much more in color, than
grauite does, would be able to say. "Here is a
marble of a given hardness ; here is a marble
of a given color ; it is not absolutely white,"
because if you are to have statuary marble, it
would go beyond all reason itt expense, aud it
you are to take the very cheapest marble, on
the other hand, it is too poor to putin.
Mr. THURMAN. I concur with what my
friend is saying, but allow me to suggest to
him the idea iu my mind that the word " ma-
terial" included all those points ; thatthe Sec-
retary of War would ol course say whether
tluy were to be white marble, or black marble,
or yellow marble.
Mr. BD M UNDS. It may be; but I suggest
that the standard ought to be visible to the eye
of the bidder. Therefore, with iny inend s
permission, I will suggest to him (without
professing to be any wiser than he is, though
i have thought of "it considerably) this as a
substitute for what he has proposed, which
convejs the same idea and guards these points.
And the Secretary of War shall first determine
tbe si«  and model (or saeh headstones and tha
standard of quality and color of the stone to be used;
and bids ahall be made and decided with reference
thereto.
Mr. THURMAN. There is one thing in
the amendment as it was offered that looked
very much like giving the whole contract to
one person, whereas I have provided in the
proviso that I offered that different contracts
may be made for different cemeteries, not giv-
ing all to one person. That is one thing which
I do not think is reached by what my friend
from Vermont suggests.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one objection
to that, but it is not one that I should make in
the interest of merely looking out for those
who wish to have a fair opportunity to com-
pete for this work, but it is for the interest of
the Treasury. If one person or one set of
persons, one company, if you please, or one
quarry, can have the whole three hundred
thousand headstones to construct, they may do
it at certainly twenty-five per cent, less, and
make the fair profit that every man who en-
gages in business is entitled to make, whereas
if they only had five thousand or ten thousand
to do, at the same price, they would lose money.
That is to be thought of; but I do not say that
it is a controlling consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. It would necessarily be
so, because it might be that iu the vicinity of
one cemetery you could get tne necessary ma-
terial, and in the vicinity of another cemetery
you might get material there. If .all the ma-
terials had to be transported from identically
tha same quarry, what the Senator says would
be true ; but if you have the material in one
vicinity and in another vicinity it seems to me
there would be no isconomy in taking it all
from one place, and that makes me doubt ex-
actly whether you ought to have an arbitrary
prescription of color. Take, for instance,
Tennessee ; there is very fine marble there. I
do not know whether there is acemeterv there
or not, but I believe there is. Tennessee
abounds in very fine marble. It is not while
marble, and yet it is very beautiful marble.
So far as tombstones are concerned, it, is a
matter of taste. Scotch granite is preferred
by people of taste to white marble, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make this suggestion,
which I think will meet that: I have nonob-
jection to adding' the provision as to bidding
m separate quantities, so as to read in this
way: "and the Secretary of War shall first
determine for the various cemeteries''—so that
he may take each one by itself in its locality
if he likes—" the size and model for such
headstones, and the standards"—taken dis-
tributive^'—" of color and quality of the stone
to be used, and bids shall be made and decided
with reference thereto, and contracts may be
made tor separate quantities of such head-
stones."
Mr. THURMAN. I am content with that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I offer it as an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read now.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And the Secretary of War shall first determine
for the various cemeteries the size and model for
Mieli headstones, and the standards of quality and
color of the stone to be used ; and bid? shall bo made
and decided with reference thereto, and contracts
may be made for separate quantities of such head-
stones.
Mr. LOGAN. Let the word *' headstones
be used.
i Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from 'Ver-
mont might embody the idea of having it
cheaper by a whole contract by leaving it op-
tional to make a whole contract or separate
contracts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is optional.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 have no doubt the matter
is all arranged now, so that the proposition is
satisfactory. But I want to say in reply to the
Senator from Ohio, that though I know there
was no such intention in his remark, we have
such a habit here of dropping insinuations,
that I do not know but that we are called upon
often to reply. .
The Senator remarked that the proposition
looked as though it was drawn for the purpose
of giving this all to one person. The amend-
ment reads " person or persons," '• bid or
bids." That is the language of it, prepared
so by the committee, so that contacts should
be allowed to different parties. He had no
such meaning, I know; but then, sometimes,
we feel as though there might be a meaning
when it is not so intended. The amendment
was prepared not by the committee ; the
original bill was offered by the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] and it is reported
as an amendment from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, word for word, as-offered by him,
except the word "person" ia changed to
''persons," and "bid" to "bids." '
Mr. COLE. I have the printed copy before
me, and I think the Senator is mistaken.
Mr. LOGAN. It is immaterial.
Mr. COLE. The'word "persons" is not
in the amendment, as offered.
Mr. LOGAN. It was offered with a view
of having contracts, and the reason I say that
is that it may go on the record so that;' our
debates here may be some guide to the Secre-
tary of War in reference to the matter. We
thought it was best to give the Secretary of
War discretion in the premises for the reason
that he was tied up by the former law so that
he was compelled to take the cheapest bid.
The cheapest bid that was offered was a little
square stone with two spikes put through it go
that you could stick it down flat on the top of
a grave. He refused, 1 think very properly,
to accept that bid, and referred it back to
Congress, and we reported this amendment so
that he might have so much discretion that he
might at least give to the dead a decent head-
stone to mark their resting-place, of durable,
proper, and decent materials. We thought he
wonld do it. I think the amendment sug-
gested by the Senators from Ohio and Ver-
mont is very proper, and I am willing as
chairman of the Military Committee, although
I have not consulted more than one member
of the committee, to accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senator that it is beyond
his power to accept the amendment except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I hope it will'be
adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. I certainly had not the
least idea in the world of intimating that either
the Senator from Illinois or the Military Com-
mittee 
Mr. LOGAN. I beg you to understand me.
I did not mean any such thing. I said I did
not impute any motive to you, but such things
were said so often that improper inferences
might be drawn.
Mr. THURMAN. When I said the lan-
guage of the amendment seemed to convey the
idua of h single contract with a single person,
1 was misled by the printed amendment which
we have here, and which reads in this way':
'•shall be awarded by the Secretary of War
to some responsible person."
Mr. LOGAN, That is changed.
Mr. THURMAN. I see now that it is
changed by an interlineation with ink ; but
. I was not "aware of that. The language as
i printed and laid on our desks is :
i That the contract for supplying the same shall be
! awarded bvthe Secretary of AV ar to some respona-
1 ible person whose sample and bid shall be m the
; greatest measure, &e.
f It is all ill the singular number.
| Mr. LOGAN. It. was changed in the com-
| mittee; and when I saw the print here I found
I they had not printed it, and so I interlined the
i words '' or persons."'
