1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The other day,
when the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] was in the chair, he held an amend-
ment to be in order that the salary of the
President of the United States, after the 1st
day of July, should be increased.
Mr. DAWES. I certainly did, because
there was a rule made on purpose to allow
that to be done. After it had been ruled by
the Chair that a salary could not be raised in
that way, the very next day the rule was
amended in so many words, in order that you
might alter the law by raising a salary. That
is the record history of that rule. It is an ex-
ception made by a specific rule. It does not
apply to anything else, but it does apply to
that and it was made for that purpose. You
can read it in the Globe. You can read it in
the records then made. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, at that time,
offered an amendment to an appropriation
bill, raising the salaries of custom-house offi-
cers. My then predecessor in Congress raised
the point of order that it was changing an ex-
isting law. That point was sustained. The
next day the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means brought in an amendment of
the rule, which was adopted by the House.
And he then offered again his identical amend-
ment to raise salaries, and it was ruled in order.
And from that day, until the other day when
I happened to be in the chair and was over-
ruled, that ruling has never been gainsaid.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cierk will read the
rule on which the Chair presumes the point
of order is predicated.
The Clerk read as follows:
"'No appropriation shall be reported in sneh gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless m continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several departments of tlieGovern-
ment.'—Rule 120. [It has been decided that under
this rule it is not in order to propose an amendment
to a general appropriation bill which changes an
existing law.—Journal 1, 38, pp. 508, 599. But it was
also decided that the latter branch of the rule not
only permitted amendments increasing salaries, but
was framed for that very purpose."J—Congressional
Globe, vol. 54, pp. 300, 325; vol. 6, p. 224.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The rule was
" framed for that very purpose." What pur-
pose? To enable the Committee of the Whole
to change a salary by increasing it. The gen-
tleman Irom Ohio [Mr. G-arfibld] said a
moment ago that we could not change exist-
ing law by increasing a salary. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] says
that can be done; and so it was decided the
other day.
Now, every ruie must have a reason. What
is the reason of that rule? To enable the
Committee of the Whole to change the amount
of salary an officer of the Government may
draw. Is it to receive so technical a con-
struction as that we may raise a salary but not
diminish it? If you can change a salary in one
direction, why can you not change it in the
other? Although it is said that this role was
made on a point with reference to the increas-
ing of a salary, the principle is the same pre-
cisely. The reason is precisely the same in
the reference to both cases.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to say 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know what the
gentleman from Massachusetts would say. A
specious argument can be made that it. may be
necessary, in order to carry on the service, to
increase a salary. The salary may be inade-
quate ; but Congress can just as well change
a salary by law without doing it, in an appro-
priation bill so as to increase it, as it can to
diminish it. It is just as easy for a. committee
of tlie House to introduce a bill to increase
an oIKcor's salary as ii is to wait for an appro-
priation bill. It is as easy to introduce a bill
to increase an officer's salary as to diminish
it. And if you can increase a salary m an
appropriation bill, 1 insist that the reason
and intendment of the rule must allow you
to diminish it.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to call attention
to the law with which this is supposed to con-
flict. It is section nine of the act of 1856, and
it reads as follows;
"And be it further enacted, That when to any diplo-
matic office held by any person there shall be super-
added another, such person shall be allowed addi-
tional compensation for his services in such saper-
added office, at the rate of fifty per cent, of the
amount allowed by this aet for such superadded
office; and such superadded officeshall be deemed to
continue during the time to which it is limited by
the terms thereof and for such time as shall be
actually and necessarily occupied in making the
transit between the two posts of duty, at the com-
mencement and termination of the period of such
superadded office so limited, and no longer,"
Now, I submit that the object of that law was
wholly to regulate the matter of salaries where
there was no statutory provision in respect to
them other than the statutory provision con-
tained here; and that if a diplomatic officer is
directed by the State Department to perform
the duties of another diplomatic office, it would
follow, by the operation of law, that he would
be entitled to fifty per cent, of the salary of the
office whose duties he performed. But here
we are directing by statute that the minister
resident at Uruguay is to be also accredited to
Paraguay ; that is to say, we accredit one min-
ister to both Uruguay and Paraguay. We do
not say that we appoint a minister to Uruguay
and afterward that the duties of the Paraguay
mission shall devolve upon him ; we say we
appoint one minister to the two Governments,
and we fix the salary. It seems to me, there-
fore, that it is not at all in contravention of
law.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to ask my col-
league on the committee a question. Does
he think that, under the terms of the act he
has just quoted, when duties are superadded
to a diplomatic officer by order of the Depart-
ment of State, it would follow that he should
have fifty per cent, additional ? Must it not
be by an act of Congress the duties are super-
added ?
Mr. WILLARD. If the State Department
adds the duties, he will be entitled to the addi-
tional pay.
Mr. L. MYERS. If my colleague is correct
in this, that to entitle to the additional fifty
per cent, the superadded duties need not have
been imposed by law, then he is undoubtedly
correct that the law accrediting one minister
to two Governments cannot be said to super-
add another diplomatic office.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the practice of the
House in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on an appropriation bill to reduce
the amount proposed to be appropriated iD
any clause, and to reduce it below the amount
provided for by law: but the chairman is
inclined to think that the proviso, which limits
and prescribes how much is hereafter to be
expended, is in contravention of existing law,
and he is therefore compelled to hold that
the proviso is out of order, but that so much
of the amendment as proposes to reduce the
appropriation is in order.
Mr. POTTER. Allow me to say that I do
not understand there is any such law as that
on which the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Halk] raises the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Wii-larp] has read, in the
hearing of the Chair, the law which governs
the subject.
Mr. POTTER. Pardon me. Ibe law cre-
ating these two places as one mission was
passed long subsequent to 1856. They were
created together, and there never was any
superadded duly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
that the proviso is out of order. Does the
gentleman from Now York insist on ihe
amendment proposing to reduce the appro-
priation?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us make the
reduction. That we have a right to do, and
the Senate can put the proviso in.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending motion is
to reduce the appropriation to $7,500.
Mr. SARGENT. I think that amendment
is liable to a point of order. I raise the point
of order upon it that the amount provided in
the bill is the amount provided by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is in the power of the committee to reduce the
amount of the appropriation.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For minister resident and consul general of
Liberia, £4,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out $4,000 and
inserting $7,500, so as to make the amount
appropriated for this mission the same as for
all other missions of similar grade. This is
the only mission of this grade for which the
salary is not $7,500. It is a very distant mis-
sion, very expensive, and if we are to have one
there at alt it ought to be adequately and not
inadequately paid. I do not propose to take
up the time of this committee in doing mere
than to present this question. As we send a
minister resident to the republic of Liberia we
should pay him the same that we pay other
officers of similar grade without a single ex-
ception but this throughout the world. I hope
the amendment will prevail.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to say in regard to
this salary that it is the same that was paid to
this mission last year. There has been no
change, there has been no alteration suggested
by the Committee on Appropriations or by the
State Department. I can see no reason why
there should be an increase of this salary. I
believe they are satisfied all around with it as
it now stands, and that no application has been
made from any quarter except by the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
xard] to increase this salary. There has been
no complaint that we have heard of, and the
Committee on Appropriations in making up
this bill, with all the lights before them, thought
it their duty to report the same salary tbat was
heretofore given, and for an increase of which
they can see no reason.
Mr. POTTER. I think I ought to say that
while I do not see any necessity whatever for
increasing the salary of the minister to Liberia,
yet if we determine salaries with reference to
the importance of the country, the salary of
the minister resident at Liberia, having refer-
ence to the trade of Liberia with the United
States as compared with that of Paraguay,
and also having reference to the political im-
portance of the countries, should not be less
than $50,000. Liberia cannot have less than
twenty times the communication and inter-
course and business with the United States
that the country Paraguay has, for which we
have just made an appropriation of $7,500.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
Committee of the Whole will not increase this
salary. The republic of Liberia has no com-
mercial importance whatever. It is a little
country of but one thousand eight hundred
square miles; that is all there is of it. No
complaint has ever been made, no word has
ever been brought to the committee, no sug-
gestion has ever been offered that anything
further was needed than the appropriation
ordinarily made for this purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman dis-
pute the statement made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Potteb,] that there is
far more trade between Liberia and this coun-
try than between both Uruguay and Paraguay
and the United States?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Banks] is my authority for what X nave
said.
The question was then taken on the amend-
