802-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
is indeed hope of Mexican civilization and
progress. I feel it to be ray duty to aid them,
not to destroy them. Whatever may be the
cost, I hope we shall cultivate friendly relations
with this heroic and progressive people. If
the continuance of the commission for the set-
tlement of the claims of the respective Gov-
ernments is necessary, as seems to be the judg-
ment of the Administration, let us give them
the appropriation needed for the completion
o.f this work of peace. I shrink from all
thoughts of war with this nation. If there
be those who look upon its fertile territory
and commanding position as a rich placer of
plunder and power, as I long have thought
there are, I am not of that number, and I
protest, with all the sincerity and energy of my
nature, against such a soulless and godless
policy.
Mr. COX. I desire to say just one word in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
did not mean to intimate that my sympathies
were with those who would make war upon
Mexico. I know.her history, and from the
time of Juarez, in his gallant fight against Spain
and.Maximilian, I never gave a vote here to dis-
courage her in her effort to throw off the foreign
ufeurper. I never did anything in my life to
disefourtige the growth of republican sentiment
and republican institutions, and I know that
thegentleman from Massachusetts understands
that very well. But so far as these commis-
sions. are concerned, I do know that there
has been enough to warrant the remarks I made
on the history of all these Spanish American
ftommissions. There are two means of set-
tling claims of this sort, the via amicabilis,
as it is called, the clever, kindly way, and the
viafacti, which was adopted the other day in
the case of Venezuela, when she had failed to
perform her part of the treaty growing out of
certain claims. ThisHouse did what amounted
to issuing an exection almost equal to letters
of marque against Venezuela to make her pay
the award. It is a little Power, a republic
full of volcanic trouble constantly, and yet
this House, without much discussion, compels
Venezuela by the bill passed here to pay up
that money.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that that was a different case. There
a commission had been appointed and had
made a decision, and the act passed was to
enforce the decision of the commission. In
this case the proposition is merely for money
to enable the claims to bo settled by a com-
missio'n.
Mr. COX. I understand that very well. In
the case of the claims against the other Span-
ish-American Governments, where an award
has been made, it has been by some trickery ;
but I do not wish to draw the gentleman into
the discussion of that.
Mr. BANKS. That is not this case at all.
Mr. COX. I say that as far as Mexico is
concerned, by the action of her commissioner,
which was not disapproved of by her Govern-
ment, she broke down the commission just
when cases had been determined on our part,
and wo were about to have an award from the
umpire, Dr. Francis Leiber, since deceased—
at that very moment the Mexican commis-
sioner came forward and broke the commission
all to pieces in one sense.
_ Now, I do not object to any appropria-
tion in the interest of amity. I wish that
all reclamations on the part of our citizens
against foreign Governments were before com-
missions to-day. I wish we had a treaty
with Nicaragua and other nations against
which we have claims depending in the State
Department. I do not oppose this appropria-
tion, but I desire to call the attention of the
House to the fact that these Spanish-Ameri-
can countries have a sort of chronic bad faith,
and jt ought to be known not only to the
political world, but in the money markets of
the world.
Mr. SWANN. I offer the following amend
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
seventeen:
To reimburse It. S. Kendall, late consul of the
United States at Strasburer, for unavoidable expenses
incurred by the sadden discontinuance of that con-
sulate in consequence of the invasion of France by
Germany, $1,000.
I will state that this appropriation is recom-
mended by the Secretary of State, and that the
claim seems to be a just one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Texan frontier commission:
For salaries of three commissioners, at 3,650 each ;
secretary, $2,500; translator, $2,5(W—$15,950.
For traveling expense&of the commissioners,$3,000.
For contingent expenses, $2,500.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move to* strike out those clauses of the bill
for reasons which I will state.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That has
already been stricken out by order of the
House. The matter has been disposed of by
a bill which the House passed under a suspen
sion of the rules on motion of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not
the question debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HALE. That has already been dis-
posed of by a motion in the House under a
suspension of the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that these clauses of the bill have been stricken
out.
Mr. HALE. All the clauses in reference
to the Texas frontier commission were stricken
out aud submitted in a deficiency bill which
passed the House on my motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Messachusetts. If they
have been stricken out, how came the Clerk
to read them?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that they have been stricken out under a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. After the bill was
reported to the House aud printed communi-
cation was brought to the Committee on Ap-
propriations requesting us to make a deficiency
appropriation for this purpose, which we did,
adding the condition that the commission
shall cease and its whole operations be ended
next September. At the same time a request
was made to the House that these clauses
should be dropped out of this hill, and the
House agreed to that at the time.
Mr. BANKS. If the Chair will allow me,
I will suggest that although the House has
agreed to a proposition which will be a sub-
stitute for these provisions, nevertheless these
provisions are in the bill now before the com-
mittee and cannot be stricken.out without a
vote of the committee, and a motion to strike
them out is debateable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the committee are acting under an order
of the House to strike out these clauses, but
nevertheless they are technically in the bill.
Mr. BANKS. They could not have been
stricken out by the House, because the bill was
not before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
opposed to the continuance of this commis-
sion. I quite agree with the remark of my
learned colleague on the last Mexican com-
mission, that we should not do anything to get
up a war with Mexico, and if there ever was
a commission calculated to provoke a war with
another country, nay, to require us to go to
war, it was this commission with its report.
The commission were sent down to report
what losses had occurred upon the Rio Grande
by Mexican incursions, and they have reported
that $27,000,000 of losses have been incurred
in that way. I had not believed there was so
much property down there altogether, and
therefore not believing it, I looked to see how
the amount had been made up, and 1 have got
two or three specimens here. I invite the
attention of the House to Executive Document
No. 39, and the appendix thereto, which is the
report of the commission. They make up the list
in this way, lieaded tlclaimant; property taken
or destroyed; value in coin." It is all gold
value. "Mrs. Jane Weyman, Brownsville:
sixty cows, at twenty dollars each, $1,200 ;
damages, loss of their rental, at three dollars
per day, $3,600." Now, I think three dollars
a day is pretty good interest on a cow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Consequential
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No.; that
is direct loss, loss of rental. I will come to
the consequential damages. On page 44 of
the report of this commission will be found
the case of Mifflin Kenedy, of Brownsville.
He claims that he lost 3,135 head of cattle in
1859, "which, with calculated increase until
1872, amounts to 66,880 head.'' For this he
wants ten dollars per head, or 3668,800. He
calculates for more than 63,000 increase ; that
is, that each head of the original stock, of what-
ever sex, would have twenty calves.
But that is not the worst of it. Here is
the case of R. King &'Co., Brownsville. They
state that they had " 108,336 cattle stolen be-
tween 1866 and November 11,1869," for which,
at ten dollars a head, they ask $1,083,360.
Then they ask for the increase on those cat-
tle during that time the additional sum of
$1,083,360; that is on the theory that each
one of those cattle would have had a calf, if
they had only been let alone, which would
have been worth ten dollars. Then the same
parties make a' claim for 3,328 horses at sixty
dollars each, and their increase, 1,996 head,
at ten dollars each, making a total for cattle
and horses of $2,486,160.
Then again (I take their cases pretty much at
random) there is the case of Nicholas Char-
mo, who, as he says, had eighty saddle horses
stolen, which he values at.sixty dollars each,
or $4,800; that in 1859 he lost 4,300 cattle,
which he values at ten dollars each, or $43,000;
then he calculates the increase of those cattle
to 1872 at 87,433 head, which at ten dollars
per head would amount to $874,339. He
makes a total claim of $922,425for the loss of
his cattle, on the ground that if the calves had
all been born, and had all lived and grown up
and done nicely, each of them would have been
worth as much as each of the original cows.
Mr. HANCOCK. I would ask the Chair
what is the question before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is technically upon
the motion to strike out the pending para-
graph.
Mr. HANCOCK. I understood the Chair
to state that this paragraph had already been
stricken out, or that it was superceded by a
bill which has already passed both Houses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
decided by the Chair some time ago that it
had not been stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has awarded
the floor on this question to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] whose
time is nearly out.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
but a word or two more to say. This com-
mission has reported $27,000,000 of these
claims. Now, if the report is a just one, there
is reason enough for a war with Mexico. If
it is untrue, I do not want any more of it. I
hope there will be no difficulty in striking out
this paragraph. One claim more, and the last
one in the list, that of Joseph Walsh, who
claims $251,022 97 for "negation of justice
by the Mexican authorities at Matamoras,
Mexico." A quarter of a million of dollars
for negation of justice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I desire to make a brief ex-
planation of the history of this matter. In the
regular appropriation bill, as prepared from the
estimates, was an item for the service and con-
tinuance of the Mexican commission for the
fiscal year from June 30,1873, to June SO, 1874.
The Committee on Appropriations, on cxamin-
