1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
of it, as I know, meet with his approbation.
If we cannot agree as to the whole bill, we can
certainly agree as to those parts |p which there
can be no objection on the part of any one who
desires to see equal and just law enforced
without regard to the persons to'whom it shall
apply. Therefore I hope there will be no
objection to taking up the bill now, and I
movsi that it be taken up.
Mr. WINDOM. I only wish to .say, as no
other member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions is present, that the sundry civil bill is
under consideration by the committee and can-
not be ready for action before the middle of
the afternoon, to-morrow, or to-morrow even-
ing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before this bill is taken
up, (which I have not examined, and therefore
I have no opinions to express about it,) I
think, asthe member of the Senate represent-
ing the Committee on Privileges and Elections
in the Louisiana matter is not here, that
the Senate ought not to forget that he gave
notice that he should endeavorto bring up that
bill, and I think that bill is of the highest im-
portance. I think the Senate ought to take
action in reference to'the right to a seat of the
gentlemen who are claiming seats here. It
does seem to me that that is one of the first
things to do, and that we ought not to take up
any business that would embarrass the taking
up of the Louisiana i case in some shape to-
morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can dispose of this
in a few hours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps that may be
so; but if it is taken up to-night it will pre-
vent what I know was the express desire of
the Senator from Wisconsin, in some remarks
that he made to-d&y and yesterday. I think
he intended to call up that bill to-day if he
could have got an opportunity to do so.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Louisiana bill;
but there is a question, as it seems to me, that
ought to demand the consideration of the
Senate before we take up the Louisiana bill,
and that is the right to a seat from that State.
Louisiana has but one Senator here, and if the
Senate should decide that either of the gen-
tlemen claiming the other seat is entitled to it,
it would dispose' of the bill, because that
would settle the question. If there is a Legis-
lature there competent to elect a Senator, we
cannot declare that there is no State govern-
ment there, I suppose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the same question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a more pressing
question, because it is a privileged question,
and because the term for which this Senator is
elected expires next week. It is to fill out the
vacancy occasioped by the resignation of Mr.
Kellogg. I have never known an instance in
the history of the Government—I do not believe
one has ever occurred—where the Senate has
suffered the term to expire without action upon
the credentials of a person claiming to be en-
titled to a seat. The credentials in this case, I
suppose, are in proper form. I submit to the
Senator from New Jersey, as there is no object
in taking his bill up to-night, as he does not
propose to act'upon it, why not let it go over
until to-morrow morning, and then if the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin does not press the Louis-
iana matter, I shall not; at least I have not
charge of the bill; but I think it is.a matter
that ought to be considered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should be very
sorry that this bill, which has yet to receive
the action of the House of Representatives,
should be deferred until everything else is set-
tled, so that there was nobody present or
absent who had any objection to it. I should
be very happy to go on to-night, and I think
we could finish it in a coupie of hours ; but
that, perhaps would be staying here too late.
I move that we take up the bill to night at any
rate.
Mr. SPENCER. While the Senate is dis-
cussing this matter 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish this before
we do anything else. .
Mr. SAULSBDRY. I think it very im-
proper for the small number of Senators who
are here, by - taking up a bill to put it in a
position w,hich to-morrow morning will give it
the "precedence over other bills of equal or
greater importance. Therefore I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask my friend to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. CRAGIN. We will vote it down.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know whether
we can or not; but I ask the Senator from
Deleware not to interpose that motion.at this
moment, because I have a matter here which
nobody can be opposed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If any bill is to be
taken up to become the special order to-
morrow morning, so as to have precedence of
other matters, I think 1 shall persist in my
motion. If, however, the Senator's bill is to
be disposed of to-night, I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to take
up anything that there is any contest about or
any objection to. I am informed that abso-
lutely nobody does object or can object to this
bill. It merely concerns the convenience of
the'people in a neighborhood there who want
to cross a river, the predicament of which is
such that there can be no objection to their
doing it; and as I stated before, the Senate
by its silence allowed me, if I preferred to do
so, to pass this bill the other morning, but I
was not willing to have the Senate act on an
oral statement by myself because I had notsuch
personal knowledge beyond that which I re-
ceived from others as to warrant me in stating
the facts. I have now in my hand a letter from
the Representative of the district, Freeman
Clarke, who lives at Rochester, immediately
at this spot, and who states the facts, and
therefore I wish the Senator from Delaware
would not, unless it specially concerns his
convenience, make a motion which will pre-
vent my submitting 'this request, as I have
been asked to do, to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
the motion to take up the Utah bill the Sen-
ator from New York asks unanimous con-
sent 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not un-
derstand that to be the application of the
Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not ask it if my
friend from New Jersey thinks it will embar-
rass him; but if we are to test the sense of the
Senate by a motion to adjourn with the likeli-
hood of breaking up for want of a quorum^ I
would rather not have this little matter go
down.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. After the Utah
bill is taken up 1 shall have no objection to
the Senator from New York taking up his
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-,
ator from New Jersey insists on his motion,
and the question is on proceeding tp the con-
sideration of the Utah bill.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACItOSS THE GENESEE RIVER.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if Ido not incom-
mode any Senator, I ask the Senate to take up
the bill which has been -read once and now
lies on the table. It is a bill in the customary
form of bridge bills authorizing a railway
company, the title of which I do not remem-
ber, to cross the Genesee river at Rochester.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending the
consideration of the Utah bill the Senator
from New York asks unanimous consent to
considerHouse.bill No. 3972.
There, being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 3972) to
authorize the construction of a railroad and
drawbridge acros the Genesee river, in Mem-
roe county, New York.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. When this bill was last
before the Senate I inquired of the Senator
from New York who has charge of it .whether
the Genesee river at the point where thig
bridge was to be constructed was a navigable
stream or not.. If it be a navigable stream,
then of course the bill. should contain the
clauses and provisions usually inserted in bills
for bridges over navigable streams. If it is
not a navigable stream, then all those provis-
ions might not be necessary, though perhaps
some of them might be. The Senator told H?
then that he, was not able to say anything as
to its navigability. Perhaps he is now able to
inform-the Senate on the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I said that I would not
then state anything about its navigability, not
that I did not know anything about it. Before
reading, as I shall, a line from the letter of
Mr. Clarke, I remind the Senator that the bill
is better guarded in the respects to which he
refers than almost any of the bridge bills' that
I remember, inasmuch as it is kept continu-
ally under the direction of the Government,
with authority to direct at the expense of the
corporation any change which they need. I
will read the statement of the Representative
of the district [Mr. Clakke] on the subject:
" There is but little commerce above the proposed
location of the bridge, as there is a railroad run-
ning from the mouth of the river to Rochester con-
necting with the New York Central road. All the
passenger steamers navigating the lake stop below
the point where the road is to cross the river; all
passengers, and nearly all the freights, ,p,re carried
by the railroad to and from Rochester.
" The bill properly provides for the prevention of
obstruction to the navigation of the river. I am
not aware of any opposition or objection to the con-
struction of the bridge."
I imagine that some boats perhaps may pass
this place, and it is likely that small and excep-
tional craft may go above this; but, as Mr.
Clarke says, the location is such that com-
merce, as far as commerce exists on the
Genesee river, exists between this proposed
bridge and the mouth of.the river and the
Mr. CASSERLY. The letter leaves us, I
think, nearly as much in the dark, as we were
before; that is if any of us were in the dark
before. The inference I should draw from the
letter is that the river can hardly be considered
a navigable stream. If it is not, then I respect-
fully submit to the Senator from New York
and the Senate generally that Congress has
nothing to do with the matter. The question
of a bridge over a stream not navigable is a
question that respects the State in which the
stream. is, and does not respect the United
States in any degree. However, the river is cer-
tainly entirely within the State of the Senator
from New York, and I am not disposed to offer
any objection to his bill, although I wish that our
information were more definite than it is. It
probably is not a navigable stream ta any con-
siderable extent. For the same reason I doubt
whether Congress has any jurisdiction to deal
with the matter; but I repeat, I do not wish
to interfere in a matter which respects entirely
the State that sent the Senator here.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and ]
TERMS or COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Senate t'o
take up a little bill that will not take two min-
utes, to change the time of holding the courts
in Kentucky. It is essential, because it relates
to the spring terms. It is Senate bill No.
1597, which has been reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary favorably.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, -as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1597) to change and fix
the time of holding the spring terms of the
United States circuit and district courts in
