816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
in the paragraph last read from $300,000 to
$-275,000.
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Chairman, during
the first week of the present, session the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] who has
charge of this bill advocated, in the debate
upon the bill for the construction of ten steam
vessel's of war, an amendment proposed by
him to provide that one half of the new vessels
should be constructed in private ship-yards;
and in that connection he stated that vessels
of equal quality could not be so expeditiously
or economically constructed at the Govern-
ment navy-yards as in private ship-yards; that
a day's work in a Government yard, whether
under the eight-hour system or not, was not
equal in its results to a day's work in a private
yard. He added that a comparison of the
expense in private yards with that in public
yards- was " appalling." Other gentlemen
concurred in his opinion; and the House
decided that one half of the new vessels should
be constructed in private yards. Now, if the
statement of the gentleman is correct, as it
probably is, and the Navy Department, having
extensive ship-yards at its command and the
necessary machinery and appliances for con-
structing vessels, under the direction of ex-
perienced and accomplished naval constructors
and engineers, cannot compete with private
enterprise, it is certainly " appalling."
Undoubtedly something of this is due to the
general inefficiency which exists in the Gov-
ernment service for some reason or other.
But I apprehend that it is chiefly owing to
the pernicious method which has been and is
now practiced in selecting laborers in the Gov-
ernment navy-yards. The naval officers in
charge, whose duty it is and who are in every
respect competent to attend to that business
at the Kittery yard, and 1 think it is so else-
where, have very little to do with the selection
of laborers. The business is mainly done by
ward politicians. I affirm that such is the
casG in regard to the navy-yard to which I
have 'referred, and the result is that nien are
often employed to do work which requires
skill and experience who have neither skill
nor experience. They are put on to answer
the necessities of politicians. And also pend-
ing important elections a much larger number
of men are often put on than the exigencies
of the service require, some of whom are some-
times obliged to spend their time in sharpen-
ing tools which had not been used since they
were last sharpened, or in traveling about the
yard with a ten-foot pole, as if preparing to
measure something, or in some other form of
idleness.
During the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill in the last session reference was
made by the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to an order of the
Secretary of the Navy, then recently issued
and ever since in force, which, in substance,
prohibits interference with the political senti-
ments of laborers in the several navy-yards;
and great praise was awarded to the Secretary
of the Navy for so commendable an order, in
which 1, among others, joined. Now it appears
that this act of the Secretary of the Navy,
which I at that time understood was done as
a measure'of justice to those few laborers in
the several navy-yards who might not belong
to the party in power, was really issued in
obedience to an appeal, a most piteous appeal,
from the Republicans of Charlestown, Mas-
sachusetts, in order to preserve the Repub-
lican party in that.cityfrom demoralization.
A number of prominent Republicans of
Charlestown, in a written, communication
which it is understood was presented to Sec-
retary Robeson by one of their number,
charged that the management of the Charles-
town navy-yard " tended very essentially to
the demoralization of the Republican party"
of that city; that " until within a few years the
judgment and wishes of the citizens of Charles-
town, expressed by the local Republican com-
mittee, and by Republican citizens of well-
established character and influence, have been
very generally regarded. But lately the judg-
ment of one man, who holds no official relation
to the Government, has been allowed to super-
sede that of the Republican committee, and the
citizens and their advice have been ignored,
while he has wielded an almost autocratic
power in dispensing the public patronage of
selecting, retaining, and discharging the navy-
yard employes." These gentlemen, in their
communication to the Secretary, proceed to
say that this power has been "used to an
extent which has publicly scandalized the
Republican party of Charlestown;" that it
has been " used for the past two years to sup-
port candidates for the Massachusetts Legis-
lature who were not Republicans, and for the
three past years, one of the years successfully,
its influence has been put forth to promote
the election of the regular nominee of the
Democratic party for Senator."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Instead of occupy-
ing the time to which I am entitled, I will yield
to my friend from New Hampshire to finish
his speech.
Mr. HIBBARD. I have but a few words
to add. I was about to say, notwithstanding
this order of the Secretary of the Navy, not-
withstanding the legislation of the last session,
which provided that " laborers shall be em-
ployed in the several navy-yards by the proper
officers in charge with reference to skill and
efficiency, and without regard to other consid-
erations," this order and this law have been
practically a dead-letter in the navy-yard to
which I have referred. Matters have proceeded
there since that order was issued, and since
the legislation of the last session, in the same
manner as before. Political committees in
New Hampshire and in Maine, in the vicinity
of that navy-yard, have had the same control
since that order and since that legislation.
The naval officers in charge have beeu as
powerless as before. This is known to every-
body, who knows anything on the subject, in
the vicinity of the navy-yard at Kittery. It is
known to men of all parties. It is known,
notwithstanding that order and that provision
of law, that laborers who desire employment
at the navy-yard do not apply to the proper
officer, but go to the politicians who have the
matter in charge and make application there.
The order to which I have referred was
issued and was made applicable to all navy-
yards alike; but it appears that .it has only
been enforced in the Charlestown nfivy-yard,
for which locality it was, in fact, issued. It may
have saved the Republican party of Charles-
town from destruction, but it has not given
to the fiaval officers in the several navy-yards,
who have at all times, so far as my knowledge
extends, been disposed to ignore political con-
siderations, and to look only to the best interests
of the Government in the selection of laborers,
any greater power than they had before.
' Now I say, Mf. Chairman, that if this- mat-
ter is to continue to be conducted upon a
partisan basis, it is no more than right and
fair that it should be put upon the true ground.
It is no more than right and fair that the Navy
Department should assume the responsibility
of declaring that the motto "to the victors
belong the spoils" is applicable not only to
the filling of public offices, but to the selection
of laborers in the Government works. If the
Secretary of the Navy has determined that
the Kittery navy-yard shall continue to be,
what it is often called in the vicinity of its
location, a "vote manufactory" for the adja-
cent borders of Maine and New Hampshire,
my constituents desire that he shall openly
avow it,, or at least revoke the celebrated order
of January 1, 1872, for which he has been so
liberally but undeservedly commended.
Mr. HALM rose.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a minute or two.
Mr. HALE. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make an explana-
tion of the circumstances to which the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard]
has referred in regard to tie management of
the navy-yard at Charlestown. There was a
difficulty in the Republican party there, there
being two sections, two factions so to speak,
of that party. They did not ask the Secretary
of the Navy to issue "any order in regard to
the management of the yard ; but one of them
alleged that some laborers, two laborers who
are employed in the yard, had exercised an
undue influence in appointments, and they
aslsed the removal of those two men. Appli-
cation was made to the Secretary of the Navy
for the removal, and I was earnestly solicited
to aid them in this effort to reestablish a cor-
rect balance of things by getting these two
laborers out. I did not believe what was
alleged, and, speaking from my own personal
knowledge, I know that those two persons did
not unduly influence the Government or any
officers in the yard in the management of
affairs in that quarter; and therefore I did not
solicit nor recommend their removal, and they
were not removed.
The order that was issued, which was a very
proper one as the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire says, was the voluntary act of the Secre-
tary of the Navy himself. No portion of the
Republicans of Charlestown asked for it. On
the contrary, both sections of the Republican
party there regarded it as unsatisfactory. But
the Secretary believed it was the proper rule
to be enforced, and which had been enforced
in the management of that and all other yards.
I myself advised him to do it, and it was
issued. So far as the management of the
navy-yard at Charlestown is concerned, I say
now, what I have said here before, that Demo-
crats have more influenee and power over it
than any members of the Republican party
I know ever had. It is twenty years since I
first represented this important interest in
Congress, and in all that time, whether under
Democratic or Republican rule, I have never
had any considerable influence in its manage-
ment. Democrats out of Congress, and ap-
parently out of power, have sometimes kindly
volunteered to aid me if I wanted to get a
fellow or two employed there, and Secretaries
of the Department have said to me that with-
out the moat careful observation, under Re-
publican administrations, all the yards were
sure to be filled with Democrats. Now, what
more than that does the gentleman from New
Hampshire desire? I am sure I do not know.
And if I was inclined, as perhaps I was, to
veer a little toward the Democratic party in the
campaign of the last autumn, it was in a great
degree with a view of getting some influence
in that Department if I could. [Laughter. 1
Mr. HIBBARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For eivjl establishment at the navy-yard, Kittery,
Maine: for draughtsman and clerk to civil engin-
eer, at $1,400 each ; for elerk of pay-rolls and mus-
Jwf ! -}01 receiver a[>d inspector of
stores, (tl.oOO; for writer to receiver and inspector
II an 'f' $1,000; for clerk of accounts and bills,
W,SU0; for gate-beeper and detective, $1,000: and for
SfSWor ateommaB(iant's office, 8600; making, in
Mr.' LYNCH.
ment:
In lines two hundred and fourteen and two hun-
dred and fifteen strike out the words " for receiver
and inspector of stores, 81,50ftand in lines two hun-
dred and sixteen and two hundred and seventeen
ll 500 " wor(is for clerks of accounts and bills,
Mr. Chairman, I make this motion to strike
out for the reason that these offices are sine-
cures. I make this statement not upon the au-
thority of naval officers occupying executive
positions in navy-yards, butupon the authority
I offer the following amend-
