1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
of the Secretary of the Navy himself. A. little
more than a year ago the Secretary had an
examination made at some of the navy-
yards of the country, including the navy-yard
at Kittery, Maine, and the information he re-
ceived was that these offices of receiver and
inspector of stores, and chief accountant, were
sinecure offices; and he issued an order dis-
charging these officers. The irfluence of cer-
tain members of Congress was brought to bear
upon him, and the result was a reappointment
of the receiver and recently the appointment
of a chief accountant. They put it ujjon the
ground that there was an appropriation for
them ; that the places had been appropriated
for, and therefore those officers must be kept
in office although they were entirely useless,
and drawing a salary from the Treasury of the
United States without rendering any service.
I called the attention of the Secretary to
that fact, and he told me that a pressure had
been made for the restoration of these officers
which it was difficult to withstand, as they
were authorized by law, but they would be left
out of the next appropriation bill. But when
the next appropriation bill came here I found
they were in it, and I called the attention of
the gentleman who had it in charge at that
time to the fact, and asked him to inquire of
the Secretary of the Navy if what I stated to
him was uot correctand I believe he obtained
the same information from the Secretary of the
Navy that I had got. I was absent when the
bill came up, or I would have moved then to
have these officers stricken out. The bill
passed the House, notwithstanding it must
have been known that these officers were put
in on account of pressure from members of
Congress, and not because they were needed,
the fact being that they were not needed.
The bill came back here from the Senate on
the report of a committee of conference with
these officers. I called the attention of the
House to the fact at that time; but it was too
late, and it passed.
Now, sir, I have since that time spoken at
the Department about these offices, and I
have been told the same thing, that they are
sinecure offices. I do not blame the Secre-
tary of the Navy. I know he wants to reform
the naval service in just this direction, but
these officers are pressed upon him by mem-
bers of Congress; pressed upon him with a
full knowledge that they perform no services
whatever except to draw their salaries. The
office of chief accountant is left out of the bill,
but see how thin the meal is which covers
this cat. The same office is provided for under
the name of " clerk of accounts and bills," at
a salary of $1,500 a year.
Now, I undertake to say that an inquiry of
the Secretary of the Navy will show the facts
to be what 1 have stated in regard to the use-
lessness of these officers, and that they have
been put into the bill by the pressure brought
to bear upon the Department by members of
Congress. That being the case it is robbery
to take out of the Treasury five or six thou-
sand dollars, and pay it to gentlemen who do
no service to the Government, but who, on
the contrary, are, some of them, positively
mischievous in the positions which they hold.
Mr. HALE. My attention and the attention
of the Department was called to this matter
last year, as my colleague has said, and by
direction of the Secretary of the Navy the
head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks exam-
ined into this subject-matter as to the claim
that there were more officers employed in the
yards than were needed, and that men were
overpaid there. The result of that examina-
tion was that the Department, in the estimate
sent to ua, recommended that the salary of
the chief accountant, which had been $1,800
a year, should be cut down to $1,500, making
a saving of £300 a year.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to ask my_ colleague
if this clerk of accounts and bills is not the
chief accountant?
42i> CONG. 3D SK.-B.—No. 52.
Mr. HALE. If my colleague had not inter-
rupted me, I was on the point of saying that
the clerk of accounts and bills performs the
duties formerly performed by the chief account-
ant, and I presume it is the same person.
Now, knowing that my colleague was bent
upon seeking to economize in this direction,
I have had inquiries made also at the yards,
and word has come to me that this officer,
who is now called clerk of accounts and bills,
is as busy a man as any man there.
Now, I do not set my own knowledge in
this matter against that of my colleague. He
has for years as a member here had this yard
in his district; he has controlled and influ-
enced appointments from t?me to time there;
he has visited the yard yearly, and perhaps
many times each year. He ought to know
more about it than I do. The natural reflec-
tion that comes to my mind is, that he ought
to have found it out before now; but if his
knowledge is accurate and correct, then all
I have to say is that the information that
I have derived from the yards has been ex-
aggerated. If these officers can be done with-
out, then I do not want them to be retained
there. If the Secretary of the Navy believes
that there are useless men there, and has told
my colleague so—and I have no reason to
doubt his word—then he ought to see that the
reduction is put into the book of estimates,
and the Committee on Appropriations will
always be glad to recommend to the House
any reduction of force or of salary that the
Department may recommend. But I do not
believe from my own investigation, apart from
what has been stated by my colleague, that
these offices are sinecure offices.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to ask my colleague
[Mr. Hale] right here whether he did not
inquire of the Secretary of the Navy, and
whether he did not inform him that these were
sinecure offices?
Mr. HALE. If the Secretary of the Navy
had informed me of that privately, and after-
ward declined to put himself in writing to that
effect, I certainly should not consider it proper
to elicit from him by inquiry any statement
contrary to the estimates which he has pre-
sented to the House.
Mr. LYNCH. I did not ask my colleague
[Mr. Hale] what he said privately, but what
was said to him as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, having this bill in charge,
and going to the Secretary of the Navy for the
very purpose of getting this information; not
privately, but officially.
Mr. HALE. I have not been to the Secre-
tary of the Navy on this bill.
Mr LYNCH. Not this bill, but the one
that passed Congress at the last session, and
about which I requested the gentleman to go
to the Secretary of the Navy and make in-
quiries. [After a pause.] I would like my
colleague to answer that question.
Mr. HALE. What is the iuquiry?
Mr. LYNCH. It is whether the gentleman
did not go to the Secretary of the Navy during
the last session of Congress, when a bill simi-
lar to this was under discussion, or before it
was up, and ask the Secretary of the Navy if
these officers were needed, and whether the
Secretary of the Navy did not tell him that
they were not needed ?
Mr. HALE. I do not consider that that is a
proper inquiry to be made here ; bu 11 have no
objection to answering it so far as my recol-
lection goes. I do not think this is a proper
place for inquiries as to what a member of the
Cabinet has said to a member of Congress, in his
office and perhaps at his desk. But my recol-
lection of the matter is that I did have my
attention called to it, and in turn called the
attention of the Secretary of the Navy to it. I
do not remember that he stated to ine, in the
frank.way in which my colleague now puts it,
that these officers were useless and could be
dispensed with. My recollection is that he did
express a belief that some of the officers were
overpaid, and that the thing should be looked
into and readjusted. I supposed that the read-
justment was made under his order, and that
this estimate is in accordance with the sugges-
tion he made to me. I do not think he made
the statement in the manner in which the gen-
tleman now recollects it. I do not know but
that the gentleman may have been there at
the time; I do not remember that he was.
Mr._ LYNCH. I will withdraw my amend-
ment if some other gentleman will renew it.
Mr. ARCHER. I renew the amendment.
Four years ago this same question came up in
the House, and the appropriations for chief
accountants in all the various navy-yards were
stricken out by a very decided vote and after
a very full discussion. They were officers who
had crept into the navy-yards during the war,
without any authority of law, and had been
continued in the navy-yards ever since. They
were struck out by the House, and afterward
put in by the Senate,«and on the conference
between the two Houses they were retained.
Now, I have inquired of almost every naval
officer I have seen that was connected with
the navy-yards, and every one of them, without
any exception, said that the chief accountant,
who is called in this bill by the new title of
" clerk of accounts and bills,'' was an utterly
useless officer. I think this officer ought to
be stricken out of each clause of this bill,
because he is of no use whatever for the pro-
tection. of the Department.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to say one word in
reply to my colleague, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose the gentleman
proposes to speak ip the time of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Archer] in support of
this amendment. I desire to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. I will yield to the gentle-
man, and seek the floor after he has spoken.
Mr. SARGENT. I know nothing about
the navy-yard to which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] refers. Probably on ac-
count of slack work there are a great many
supernumeraries there. I think this officer
is useful as a check. That is my idea from
what I know upon the subject; ortowse, if I
am in error I am liable to correction.
Mr. ARCHER. Are not all of these accounts
again examined when they go up to their par
ticular bureau in the Navy Department 'I
Mr. SARGENT. Of coarse they are-all
examined in the bureaus; And tbey mast neces-
sarily be. But this is a cheek at the navy-
yards. I believe the amendment of the gen-
tleman embraces the inspector of stores. Now,
certainly there must be an inspector and re-
ceiver of stores. Millions of dollars' worth of
stores are being bought at our navy-yards; and
if there is no officer to inspect and receive
those stores, the Government is liable to be
swindled by contractors. To say that there is
no necessity for a check on contractors is
absurd, as I suppose the gentleman himself
must admit. I really cannot see the motive
for striking out the provision for an officer so
necessary as a check on those who furnish the
Government with supplies, to see that the
amount and quality of the goods furnished are
correct.
With reference to the clerk of accounts and
bills, his compensation is by this bill cut down
some three hundred dollars. According to
my understanding of the duties of this clerk,
all bills for supplies, whether furnished by
contract or upon open purchase, pass through
his hands for examination. If they are cor-
rect he approves them and submits them to
the commandant, by whom they are signed.
They are then entered upon the invoice book,
item by item, and afterward transferred by
this officer to the record book, which gives the
data of the bill, the date of its approval, the
number of the bill, the bureau with which the
contract was made, the contractor's name, the
gross amount, the reservation and net amount.
By referring to this book the expenses of the
