1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1777
Calendar the Senator from New York asks j
unanimous consent to consider the bill indi- j
cated by him, to be found on page 13 of the
Calendar, reported by the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Pratt] from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. COLE. There are a great many bills
in precisely that same predicament, and we
shall make no progress unless we go on with
the Calendar in its order, for a while at all
events.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
JOIIN E. WOODWARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1349) to reimburse John E. Wood-
ward for certain moneys advanced by him,
reported adversely from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask that that bill and
the next bill, House bill No. 3382, with the
same title, also reported adversely from the
Committee on Claims, be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
passed over.
washington and rock creek road.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to know what
has become of Senate bill No. 1466? Was
that passed over ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] objected.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have
just come into the Chamber, not having been
able to be here before. I understand that the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia [Mr. Pattersos] is absent, and on
that account Senate bill No. 1406 was passed
over. We understand the bill, and I have it
in charge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objected.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I trust no
Senator will object to the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. COLE. I know nothing about it, but
the chairman of the committee who reported
the bill not being here I suggested that it be
rjassed over.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am a
member of the committee, and I can state that
it was a unanimous report.
Mr. SAWYER. I think if one of these
bills for railroads into the city is to go over
the other had better go over also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina objects, and the bill is
not before the Senate, being objected to.
JOSEPH L. HAYWOOD AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2009) for the relief of Joseph L,
Havwood and others; which was considered
as m Committee of the Whole. It authorizes
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to adjust and settle, at a reasonable sum and
on satisfactory proof, the suspended or disal-
lowed items in the accounts of Joseph L. Hay-
wood, late marshal of the Territory of Utah,
for compensation of guards, and provisions
and supplies for same, escorting the judges to
court, and guarding courthouse ; forcompen
sation and supplies for aids and guards em-
ployed to assist in the execution of process,
and in guarding prisoners after arrest; for
payment of rent of court-room ; for marshal's
personal expenses incurred while serving pro-
cess ; and for a reasonable allowance tor
guarding and boarding prisoners in the peni-
tentiary ; the amouut allowed not to exceed
SilO.UOO, and to be paid from any unexpended
balance of appropriations for expenses of
United States courts prior to July l,lS71,aad
distributed and paid pro rata among the
holders of the drafts and certificates drawn
by Haywood and now in the. Treasury Depart-
m The Committee on Claims reported the bill,
42j> Cox<{. •>!* Hkss.—No. 112.
with an amendment to strike out " $30,000"
and insert " $10,000."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that must be
precisely the same subject that was brought
to the attention of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary for the expenditures of this marshal and
his fees in executing the process of courts,
where the Supreme Court afterward decided
that he had no power to execute that kind of
process, and his accounts were before us.
They amounted, I think, to about $19,000,
and we have reported an amendment to go
into the deficiency bill providing for an allow-
ance of that amount, as if the expenditures
had been under the lawful order of the judges,
as it was supposed to have been. I think,
therefore, it wonld be better that this should
be laid aside and come in in the ordinary way
as an appropriation.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. Haywood was marshal
in the early days of that Territory from 1851
to 1856.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it is not the case
that T am referring to at all. I should wish
to amend it by striking out all that relates to
unexpended balances of appropriation, and
make it a direct appropriation from the Treas-
ury ; because the unexpended balances for
those years have all been covered in into the
Treasury, and the accounts are closed.
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion will be on the amendment of the commit-
tee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Vermont will be regarded as
agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend •
ed and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
larabbk and allen.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3867) for the relief of Larabee &
Allen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that bill had bet-
ter go over. It is one of the old class of war
claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
PORTLAND COMPANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3868) for the relief of the Port-
land Company, of Portland, Maine.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it is neces-
sary to occupy time in reading these bills. I
believe the five bills on this page of the Cal-
endar all relate to the war claim Navy ques-
tion, and they deserve more consideration
than they can have at the present time. I see
that none of them have been referred, and with-
out meaning to be invidious, and of course not
being, I should ask that they might all go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill and
the three others following it on the Calendar
will be passed over.
Mr. ANTHONY. The reason why the bills
were not referred in two of these cases—I do
not know as to the others bat in the case of the
McKay's—was that the Senate Committee on
1 Naval Affairs had reported identically similar
! bills, and I think my friend from Nevada had
I charge of them.
j Mr. EDMUNDS. We have passed by sev-
I oral bills of the same character on the Calendar.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
!' state that the bills have passed from the con-
I- sideration of the Senate. The Senator can
!' move to take them up and postpone the Cal-
■ ' endar.
.j Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; I will not do
li Mr. NY'E. There are four or five of thecases
on the Calendar and the same objection exists
as to all of them, I suppose. Now, I propose
that we shall take a vote of the Senate whether
they will let these men go to the Court of
Claimsor not. It is a subject that cannot lead
to much debate. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will allow them either to pass or to
be voted down. They are House bills, and
they have received the investigation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. One vote will
determine them all I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
under the rule must report the next billon the
Calendar, unless some Senator moves to post-
pone the Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know that I wish
to interpose that motion; but still these claims,
as the Senator from Vermont has said, are all
substantially alike, and they are all based upon
a report of a commission which was instituted
under the Navy Department, and in all cases
I think they are claims which were recognized
as due by the Navy Department. Under that
view of the case, and with the limitations that
are contained in the bills, it seems to me most
eminently just, and I think we might consider
one of them and see if the facts in the case do
not only justify but really demand that we
should let them go to the Court of Claims.
Such is my opinion, and such I wish would be
the action of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
LANDS IN IOWA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3919) to authorize the President
to ascertain the value of certain lands in the
State of Iowa, north of the Raccoon fork of the
Des Moines river, held by settlers under the
preemption and homestead laws of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will lead to some
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill will be
passed over.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move to postpone the Calendar 1
Mr. WRIGHT. I rise for the purpose of
rnakiDg that motion; and in doing so I wish
to say a few words. I wish to appeal to the
Senate to allow us to take up this bill. This
bill passed the Senate, say in May Or June last
or before that time, and went to the House and
has been returned here. I make that statement,
for although this is a House bill, the record will
show that it is substantially the bill that passed
the Senate. For the last three or four weeks,
as is known to Senators, I have been almost
continuously out of the Chamber, because of
attendance on a committee in obedience to the
order and command of the Senate, and hence
I have been unable, necessarily, to attend to
anything here during a greater portion of the
I time. My colleague who introduced this bill,
i as is known, after the 4th of March will not be
! a member of the body, and he feels a very
; great interest in the passage of this bill. _ All
1 I ask of the Senate is that they may take it up,
I and at least understand the features of the bill.
! If. when the bill shall be read, explained, and
i understood, they shall vote it down, I shall be
i content. There is no disposition oti our part
j to discuss the bill at all. If the bill had not
I been reached I should not make this motion,
1 because it is inconsistent with the position that
' I have taken on the Calendar all the time :
! but it is now reached in its regular order and
j if it is not considered at this time I see no
I opportunity of reaching it at this session.
! I shall not go into the merits of the bill, for
| I have no right to do that on this motion. I
I can only say that the bill upon its face does
j not contemplate the expenditure of any money,
j but merely contemplates the appointment of
| a commission to ascertain certain facts and
I report thfim here, being in perfect accord with
