1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
several other bills that have passed if not at
this at least at prior sessions of Congress.
Novv I ask the Senate to take this bill up and
consider it for a few moments at all events
to give my colleague and myself an opportunity
to explaia it and thus standing before our
constituents that they may see that we have
explained this matter and that we have been
voted down.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very unpleasant to
me to feel obliged to object to this bill and to
the ones that preceded it. My reason is that
knowing something of their history I could
see that the Senate cannot act understand-
ing^ upon them ; at least I cannot without
discussion and consideration that will occupy
a good deal of time as they involve large re-
sponsibilities in one form or another, on the
part of the Government.
Of course I cannot go into the merits of
this bill, but I have a right to state some of
the questions that it will open. It will open
the whole question of the Des Moines land
grant to the State of Iowa, which first only
went to the Raccoon fork, and which since
by some act of Congress has been extended
above the Raccoon fork clear to the northern
boundary of the State, and covering some-
thing more than a million acres of land I
believe. I may not state the number of acres
correctly; I have not the papers on the subject
before me at this moment. This bill is the
preliminary step to our paying these preemp-
tion and homestead citizens of the State of
Iowa for the value of these lands which we
have given to the State itself, and will open
the question, if any injustice has been done
between the State of Iowa and the United
States, and the State of Iowa has the benefit
of it, whether or not the State of Iowa ought
to make up this loss, if there be any, to her
citizens. Of course I cannot debate it now ;
I only state what the question involved is.
It is a large question. It branches out in a
great many ways. Therefore I do not think
it right to take up the time of the Senate in
going into a discussion here for which I am
entirely unprepared this morning, when there
are so many bills following this to which there
would be no objection. I am sorry to be
compelled to ask the Senate not to take it up,
but I felt it to be my duty to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust there will be no
objection to the taking up of this bill. I am
certain the Senator from Vermont is as pre-
pared to present any views that he may have
on this question at this time as he will be at any
other, and the bill will take no more time this
morning than at any other period. I ask as
a matter of justice to the people of Iowa, as a
matter of justice to my colleague and myself,
that it shall be considered at this time. I cer-
tainly have not pressed anything on the atten-
tion of the Senate out of order daring the ses-
sion, and I make an appeal to Senators now
to give us a hearing on this bill, for I am sure
it need not take more than a few minutes.
There is no disposition to discuss it. If, when
it is explained and understood, it shall be
voted down by the Senate we shall be con-
tent.
Mr. NYE. I hardly know where the divid-
ing line is that my friend from Iowa would
seek to draw. I had two or three little bills
here on the Calendar of the same character,
and I asked the Senate to give me a vote on
one of them which would determine the whole.
It was a question on which there eould pos-
sibly be no debate to auy extent, and I was
put down with a vengeance. Here my friend
wants to settle the title to the whole State of
Iowa, and he says it will only take a minute to
do it. My friend from Vermont is sitting
there ready with his objections and ready with
his views why it should not be considered
cow. I simply desired to geta vote on aques-
tion that would determine five or six cases on
the Calendar, and I am ready to take that vote
without debate; and if any one is to have
preference I think I should have. For seven
long years I have been engaged upon this busi-
ness, and the bill and myself have got to die
together I expect. I am ready to go ; I am
ready for the sacrifice. [Laughter.] Now if
my friend will just offer me up on a vote, it is
all that I desire.
Mr. COLE. Is this question debatable?
I fear it is, but I hope it is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. Amotion
to postpone the Calendar and take up a par-
ticular bill is debatable, under the Anthony
rule, of course with the five-minutes limita-
tion.
Mr. COLE. I thought it was, but I hoped
it was not.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no disposition to
debate this bill. I think it is not wrong, how-
ever, for me to suggest that my colleague and
myself have not been very obtrusive this ses-
sion. I do not now remember that we have
asked the indulgence of the Senate to consider
a single bill that related to the people of our
State more than to the people of other States
of the Union. Here is a single bill in which
a few people in the State of Iowa are very
deeply interested, involving the titles to their
homes 011 which they have labored for a long
series of years.
The honorable Senator from Nevada thinks
the Senate treated him with some neglect; but
if he will remember he made no motion to
postpone the Calendar, but took the decision
of the Chair as conclusive, and if in that he
was treated harshly I trust his vote will to
some extent reform that wrong in this case.
All that my colleague and myself desire is
that this bill shall be taken up and explained
for a few moments in order that the Senate
may understand it, and we hope that the Sen-
ate will then pass the bill; but if the majority
of the Senate should not concur with us in the
opinion that the bill ought to be passed, of
course we shall be reconciled to that hard-
ship.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
postpone the Calendar for the purpose of
taking up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
MARCUS OTTEKliOUliG.
The next bill 011 the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1566) for the relief of Marcus Otter-
bourg, late consul of the United States at the
city of Mexico and minister to the republic
of Mexico ; which was the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Marcus Otterbourg, late consul of the united
States at the city of Mexico, and minister
plenipotentiary to the republic of Mexico, in
full compensation for his services as consul
and minister, the salary of consul to the city
of Mexico, cxercising diplomatic functions
from April 8, 1866, until June 20, 1867, both
inclusive; and of minister to Mexico from
June 21 until September 30, 1867, both in-
clusive; deducting therefrom the salary of
consul at the city of Mexico from April 8,
1866, to September 80, 1867, and deducting
the sum of $85 80 awarded him by the Court
of Claims for exercising diplomatic functions
from August 19 until September 9, 1867.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THE FISHERIES.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 488, to carry into effect the
provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain signed in the city of
Washington the 8th day of May, 1871, relating
to the fisheries. My impression is that it can
be considered in the morning hour. There is
no bill before the Senate of greater importance
or one in which the duties of the Senate, in
my judgment, are ,more imperative than this.
It involves the national faith. I think it will
produce no discussion and we may dispose of
it in a few moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to postpone the Calendar
for the purpose of considering the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the only bill on
the Calendar to taking up which out of its
order I would not object. I shall not object
to this, because I think we ought to pass the
bill in order to carry out the faith of the Gov-
ernmentbut then I hope we shall adhere to
the Calendar after that without Senators inter-
posing.
Mr. COLE. Let the Calendar be laid aside
informally for the purpose of considering this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California suggests that the Calendar be
laid aside informally for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill to carry out the treaty of
Washington. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the bill'!
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill to carry out the
treaty of Washington. It is the legislation
that Congress is to make in regard to the fish-
eries.
Mr. THURMAN. That bill ought to be
taken up.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it can be disposed
of in a few minutes.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides in the first section
that whenever the President of the United
States shall receive satisfactory evidence that
the imperial Parliament of Great Britain, the
Parliament of Canada,-and the Legislature of
Prince Edward's Island have passed laws on
their part to give full effect to the provisions
of the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain signed at the city of Washington
on the 8th of May, 1871, as contained in arti-
cles eighteen to twenty-five, inclusive, and
article thirty of the treaty, he may issue his
proclamation declaring that he has such evi-
dence, and thereupou, from the date of such
proclamation, and so long as articles eighteen
to twenty-five, inclusive, and article thirty,
shall remain in force, according to the terms
and conditions of article thirty-three of the
treaty, all fish oil and fish of all kinds, (ex-
cept fish of the inland lakes and of the rivers
falling into them, and except fish preserved in
oil,) being the produce of the fisheries of the
Dominion of Canada or of Prince Edward's
Island, shall be admitted into the United States
free of duty.
Section two provides whenever the colony
of Newfoundland shall give its consent to the
application of the stipulations and provisions
of articles eighteen to twenty-five of the
treaty, inclusive, to that colony, and the Legis-
lature thereof, and the Imperial Parliament
shall pass the necessary laws for that purpose,
the above-enumerated articles, being the pro-
duce of the fisheries of the colony of New-
foundland, shall be admitted into the United
States free of duty, from and after the date
of a proclamation by the President of the
United States, declaring that he has satisfac-
tory evidence that the colony of Newfound-
land has consented, iu a due and proper man-
ner, to have the provisions of articles eight-
een to twenty-five, inclusive, of the treaty
extended to it, and to allow the United States
the full benefits of all the stipulations therein
contained, and shall be so admitted free of
duty, so long as articles eighteeu to twenty-
five, inclusive, and article thirty of the treaty
shall remain in force, according to the terms
and conditions of article thirty-three of the
treaty.
Section three declares that from the date of
the President's proclamation authorized by the
first section, and so long as articles eighteen
to twenty five, inclusive and article thirty of
