1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose I cannot make
a motion taking the floor from the Senator
from New Jersey, but if the bill takes time I
shall move on the first opportunity to postpone
it or any other measure for the purpose of
taking up the bill in regard to the publication
of the debates. I hope at any rate that as
soon as this bill is disposed of that will be
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey declines to yield for that
purpose.
The Seriate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1540)
in aid of the execution of the laws in the Ter-
ritory of Utah and for other purposes, the
question being on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the original bill and
insert the following substitnte:
That tbe United States marshal of Utah Territory
may appoint deputies in each of the judicial districts
of said Territory. Saiddeputies shall be authorized
to enter upon the discharge of their duties upon the
approval of such appointment by the judge of the
district court of the district for which each is ap-
pointed ; and said deputies shall take and subscribe
the same oath prescribed by law to be taken by the
marshal, and give bond, with good and sufficient
sureties, to said marshal in the penal sum of $10,000,
conditioned for the faithful discharge of their duties
as such deputy; and said appointment, approval,
oath, and bond shall be entered upon the records of
said court, and the judge of such district court may
remove any such deputy marshal at pleasure, and
the offices of attorney general of tho said Territory
and territorial marshal are hereby abolished.
Sec. 2. That it shall be the duty of said marshal,
in person or by his deputies, to attend the district
and supreme courts of said Territory, and serve and
execute all proccss, orders, judgments, or decrees
issued, rendered, or directed by said courts, or by
any judge thereof, when exercising jurisdiction
either as a circuit or district court of the United
States, or as a judge thereof, or as courts of the
Territory, or as a judge thereof.
Sec. 3. That the United States district attorney of
said Territory may also appoint assistants in each
of tho judicial districts of said Territory, with the
approval of the judge of the districtcourt of the dis-
trictfor which such appointment is made, and said
assistant shall take and subscribe the same oath pre-
scribed by law to be taken by the district attorney;
and said appointment, approval, and oath shall be
entered upon the records of said courts. Such assist-
ants shall receive the same fees and emoluments as
the district attorney would bo entitled to for the
.same service, and shall be removable at the pleasure
of such district judgo.
Sec. 4. That it shall be tho duty of said district
attorney, in person or by his assistants, to attend all
the courts, as well under the laws of tho said Terri-
tory as of the United States, and perform the duties
of prosecuting attorney in all criminal cases arising
in said courts.
Sec. 5. That only malo citizens of tho United
States over the age of twenty-one years shall be
competent to servo as grand or petit jurors in any
court in said Territory.
Sec. 6. That the grand jury of said Territory shall
consist of eighteen good and lawful men, twelve
of whom concurring may find and return a bill of
indictment.
Sec. 7. That whenever a judge of any district court
of said Territory shall determine that a grand or
petit jury will beneeded at a term ofsuch court, tho
said judge, the clerk of such court, and the United
States marshal shall without regard to the religious,
political, or social opinions of such citizens, make a
list in writing of two hundred male citizens of the
United States above the age of twenty-one years re-
siding in such district, and shall affix thereto their
certificate to the effect that the same is the list Irom
which the grand and potitjurors are to bo drawn for
the terras of such court, to be holden within the year
next following, and shall cause the same to be filed
in the office of the clerk of said court; and whenever
the judge shall order the clerk to i«sue a venire, the
clerk in the presence of the said judgo and marshal
or his deputy shall write the names contained in the
said list, each on a separate slip of paper, all tho
slips being of the same size and kind, and shall fold
them uniformly so that tho name written thoreon
shall be concealed, shall then place them in a cov-
ered box and thorougly mix and mingle them, and
shall then not select but shall draw as by lot there-
from the requisite number of names. If a grand jury
be required it shall foedrawo first, and consist of the
number before provided. Thcnumber of petit jurors
thus drawn shall be such as in the opinion of such
judge is needful to discharge the entire jury duty
i'or such term, and so that there shall always be three
more juror3 than the number required for each
separate panel, and the panel in each trial shall be
twelve men. The clerk shall make a list in writing
of the names of the persons so drawn, and the clerk
and the marshal shall affix thereto their certificates
of the time and place of such drawing, and file the
same in the office of said clerk, who shall forthwith
issue, a venire to the said marshal, commanding him
to summon the persons so drawn to attend and serve
as such jurors at the time andplace previously des-
ignated by thesaid judge, and such jurors shall con-
stitute theregular jurors for such term of the court
for all cases, whether arising under the laws of the
United States or under the laws of said Territory.
If at any time a talesman or talesmen shall be re-
quired, his or their names shall be drawn from the
said box by the clerk in open court, and if the
attendance of such juror or jurors cannot be pro-
cured in a reasonable time other names shall be
drawn, and so from time to time until the jury is
obtained. No challenge shall be allowed on the
ground that a juror had been summoned or had
served at a previous term of court. Bach party,
whether in civil or criminal cases, shall be allowed
three peremptory challenges. In criminal eases the
court and not the jury shall pronounce the punish-
ment under the limitation prescribed by law.
Sec. 8. That in all civil suits or proceedings at law
or in equity, wherein the United States are neither
a party nor interested, lawful casts may be taxed
against and collected of the proper parties, under
the direction of the court, and the collection thereof
enforced by execution or attachment against the
property of the party. The fees of the jury shall
be advanced by the plaintiff, and shall be taxed as
costs if tho plaintiff recover.
Sec. 9. That the United States attorney, assistant
attorney, United States marshal and deputy marshal,
and each grand and petit juror shall receive for his
services in criminal cases or proceedings arising
under the laws of the Territory, the same fees or com-
pensation as are allowed for like services in crim-
inal cases or proceedings arising under the laws of the
United States, and such fees or compensation being
ascertained by the court or judge before whom the
services are rendered, or, in case of the attorney and
marshal, by the supreme court of the Territory, shall
be paid to the said attorney, assistant attorney,
marshal, and deputy marshal, and jurors respectively
from the territorial treasury.
Sec. 10. That whenever any future marriage in
said Territory shallrest solely on the contract of the
parties, followed by cohabitation, in all prosecu-
tions for bigamy, polygamy, or adultery, it shall not
be necessary to prove either tho first or subsequent
marriage by the registration or certificate thereof
or other record evidence, but the same may be
proved by such evidence as is admissible to prove a
marriage in civil cases, and proof of cohabitation
by the accused with more than one man or woman
as husband and wife, and the acts and declarations
of the accused shall -be admissible iu evidence
against him or her.
Sec. 11. That any woman now or hereaftor hold-
ing the relation of spouse, or consort, and not that
of a lawful wife, to any man who at the time co-
habits with another woman as his wife, spouse, or
consort, may file her petition in the district Court
of tho district in which she resides, asking to be dis-
charged from such relation, and the person to whom
she bears the relation aforesaid being made a party
thereto, and having notice of such proceeding, the
said court may, upon duo hearing, adjudge and de-
cree her discharged and freed from such relation as
aforesaid, and may adjudge and decree to her the
possession and control of her minor child or children,
together with such portion of the estate and prop-
erty of the said man to whom she held the said rela-
tion as shall, under all the circumstances, bo equit-
able and justfor the support of herself and minor
child or children, and the said court shall cause to
bo made on the records an entry of such decree^ and
give to her a declaration of discharge, setting forth
briefly the substance of such decree, and upon the
entry of such decree the said woman so discharged
shall boaJemeeole: Provided, nevertheless, That
nothing in this section contained shall be construed
to have the effect of recognizing the validity or
legal effect of any dual or plural marriage, or.to re-
peal any laws in relation to divorce ; and nothing
in this act shall be heid to repeal, annul, or change
any existing laWs against polygamy or bigamy
otherwise than as the same are modified in regaxsi to
tho evidence admissible to prove the said , offenses
by the preceding Sections.
Sec. 12. That in all cases or proceedings when
imprisonment may be ordered, if there ho no jail
or prison in which tho person to be imprisoned can
with safety be kept, the court or judge may order
such person to be confined in any military prison or
camp of the United Stales in said Territory, and the
officer or person in command ofsuch prison or camp
is hereby authorized and required, on the order of
the court or judge, to rcccivo and safely keep such
person until he snail be lawfully discharged or
removed therefrom.
Sjsc. IS. That if the United States marshal, or any
of his deputies, shall bo resisted, or threatened with
resistance, in the lawful execution of any writ,
order, process, judgment, or decree of any court or
judge of said Territory, said marshal, or cither of
his deputies, may, if in his judgment assistance is
necessary, summon theposree comitatus, or may apply
to the commander or person in charge of any mili-
tary camp or po?t of the United States in said Ter-
ritory or to any one having charge of troops of the
United States therein, for a pos.se to aid such officer
and, upon such application being made, the com-
mander or person in charge of such military camp,
post, or troops is hereby authorized to detail a suffi-
cient number of men to act as a posse eomitatus to
onforco such writ or other process ; and said mar-
shal or either of his deputies may make applica-
tion for such assistance when necessary to suppress
any mob, riot, or other tumultuous disturbance of
the peace.
Sec. 14. That it shall be the duty of the Governor
of said Territory, so often as it shall appear neces-
sary, to inspect, or cause to be inspected, the jails
or other prisons in said Territory, and the manner
prisoners are held, treated, and imprisoned therein;
and the Governor shall make rules for the regulation
and government of said jails and prisons; and he
is hereby empowered to remove the wardens and
keepers of all jails and prisons or other offices con-
nected therewith, and appoint others in their stead,
as often as, in his opinion, the public good shall
require. *
Sec. 15. That no alien while living in bigamy or
polygamy shall hereafter be admitted to citizenship
of the United States.
Sec. 16, That in the absence, or in case of sickness
or other disability, of any of the judges of said Ter-
ritory, or for any cause whatever which renders it
necessary, it shall be competent for either of the
judges to hold court or perform judicial duties in
any of the judicial districts of sai$ Territory; and
it is hereby made tho duty of said judges, upon the
requestor direction of the Governor of said. Terri-
tory in writing, to proceed to the district designated
and hold the terms of the court therein until such
necessity shall cease.
Sec. 17. That the probate judges and notaries
public in said Territory shall be appointed by the
Governor, be subject to removal by him, and shall
hold their offices for the term prescribed by law,
or until their successors are appointed ana quali-
fied.
Sec. 18. That an appeal by any party aggrieved
shall be allowed from all final decisions, orders,
judgments, or decrees of all inferior courts in said
Territory to the district court of tho district; and a
like appeal upon all matters of law and equity from
the district courts to the supreme court, and in cor-
rection of the proceedings of such interior courts of
said Territory, or ofsuch distrietcourts; and to pre-
vent and correct abuses by tho same, the supreme
court and the district courts of said Territory are
hereby authorized to issue writs of error, certiorari,
mandamus injunction, prohibition, or other rem-
edial process ; and in all cases of appeal from one
court to another, where a bond or other security is
required to be given by the party appealing, it shall
not be lawful to demand or ex-act of such party the
payment of costs adjudged or taxed against him
until the appeal shall be finally disposed of by the
appellate court; and the supreme court of said Ter-
ritory may make rules and regulations as to the
mode and manner of taking and perfecting appeals
from ono court to another in said Territory, and tho
security if any to be given in such appeals, so that
tho just rights of the parties ay be secured and
preserved: Provided, That no'appeal in civil cases
shall be allowed in matters not involving more than
twenty dollars. And the supreme court of !he said
Territory and the judges thereof only shall have
power to issue writs of habeas corpus,
Sec. 1Q. That in all cases of election by ballot ft
shall be unlawful for any person to put any number,
figure, or device upon such ballot, whereby any per-
son may be enabled to ascertain by or for whom the
ballot was given, and any violation of, or attempt to
violate, this provision shall be deemed and taken to
be a felony, and, upon conviction thereof, the person
so offending may bo punished by a finernot exceeding
$500, or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or
by both such fine and imprisonment, in the discretion
of the court. And at all elections nooo but male
citizens of the United States, over twenty-one years
of age, and who have resided in the county four
months, and in the precinct or election district
thirty days prior to the election, shall !*e qualified
to vote. .
Sec. 20. That the probate courts in their respective
counties in said Territory shall have power to hear,
try, and determine civil causes wherein the debt or
demand does not excoed $200, but shall not exercise
any criminal or equity jurisdiction whatever; that
the distriet courts in said Territory shall havo ex-
clusive original j urisdic£i,on in all actions for divorce
or alimony, and in all chancery case3 and proceed-
ings; all courts in said Territory, except tho su-
preme, district, probate, and justices' courts, pro-
vided for in tho organic act thereof, and-excepting
county courts so far as relates to the cxercise of ex-
ecutive functions, except as hereinafter provided,
are hereby abolished. The judges of the supreme
court may.by a general orde^ fix tho times and
places for holding the respective district courts,
which order shall continue in foi-Ce for one year and
until otherwise ordered; and special terms in any
district shall, when necessary, be fixed by the order
of said judges. The supreme court may establish
the judicial districts authorized under the act Estab-
lishing said Territory, and assign the judges thereto.
The district courts shall havo exclusive original
jurisdiction in all proceedings for the condemnation
of private property for public uses, subject to review
as in other cases by the supreme court.
Sec. 21. That each district court in the Territory
shall appoint a short-hand reporter, whose duty it
shall be to report and transcribe the testimony and
proceedings in all criminal cases, and who shall re-
ceive compensation therefor not exceeding ton dol-
lars per day for the time necessarily employed in
court and in transcribing his notes, winch-transcript
shall be filed in the cause. Such fees or compensa-
tion for services in cases of proceedings arising
under the laws of the Territory, being taxed by tho
court or judge, shall be paid to such reporter from the
territorial treasury, and in case the territorial Legis-
lature shall fail to make provision for the payment
of the compensation by this' act made chargeablc
upon the territorial treasury, then in such Case the
same shall be paid out of the funds which have been
or shall bo appropriated by Congress to defray the
expenses of the territorial Legislature and for the
compensation of members thereof; and the compen-
