1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
of such members shall be diminished accord-
riff*. 22. That if any person not qualified to vote
Mmil vute, knowing himself to be disqualified, at
any election, or if any qualified voter shall unlaw-
ful iy ea«t at any election uiorc than one vote for the
game officer or officers, he shall be deemed guilty of
0 misdemeanor, and .«hail, upon conviction thereof
in the district court of the proper district, be pun-
ished by a fin© not exceeding £500. or by imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or by both such fine
and imprisonment, in the discretion of the court.
Skc. 23. That at any general or special election
heid in said Territory, the election precincts shall
be established and designated at least thirty days
before the election.
Sec. 21. That the acts and parts of acts passed by
the Legislative Assembly of the said Territory are
hereby modified, controlled, or repealed as follows,
namely: that the corporation existing under an act
entitled "An ordinance incorporating the Church of
Jesus tJhrkt of Latter-Day Saints/' approved Febru-
ary 8 1851, is hereby forbidden and disqualified from
being theowner, directly or indirectly, of an amount
of property in value greater than §6,000,000, and
forbidden from solemnizing or forming, or authoriz-
ing to be solemnited or formed, aoy marriage or sim-
ilar relation, contrary to the provisions of existing
itdtutek <igainsst bigamy and polygamy, or contrary
to the common law : and the said ordinance shall
be subject to be altered or repealed by Congress,
and by the State at any time formed out of the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and tne said corporation shali be
subject to be dissolved by Congress or by such
State; that the eighteenth and twenty-second sec-
tions of an act entitled "An act in relation to the
judiciary," approved January 19, 1855, and the first,
fourth, twentieth, and twenty-sixth sections of an
act entitled "An act regulating the mode of proced-
ure in civil eases in the courts of the Territory of
Utah,*'approved December 13, 1852; also, sections
lour and thirteen of an act entitled "An act in re-
lation to justices of the peace," approved February
4, 1852; also, an act entitled ''An act conferring
upon women the elective franchise," approved
February 12, 1870; also, an act entitled "An act
providing for the management of certain property,"
approved January 20.1854 ; also, that the first sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act limiting the time of
commencing civil action?," approved February 16,
1872. are hereby repealed, and all causes of action
referred tu m the first section of said last-mentioned
act shall remain and. be unaffected thereby; and ail
the other parts of the last-named act shall only
be prospective from the time of its passage and
j-hali not affect causes of action existing when the
jaw was passed; which causes of action shall be
limited and determined according to the then ex-
isting laws; and also that the act entitled "An aet
for the organization of the militia of the Territory
of Utah," approved January 15,1857. and the "sys-
tem of regulations for the present organization and
government of tne militia of the Territory of Utah,"
adopted July, 18-57; also, section seven and section
eight, so far as they give the control of insane per-
sons. their families, children, and estates, real or
personal, and so far as they give the control of
orphans and minors to the county courts of said Ter-
ritory, being the seventh and eighth sections ot an
act entitled "An act creating the office of selectmen
and prescribing their duties, also the duties of the
county courts/* approved January 8,1866; also, sec-
tion one of an act entitled "An act containing pro-
visions applicable to the laws of the Territory of
Utah/'approved January 14,1854; also, an act en-
titled "An act in relation to writs of habeas corpus"
approved February 2,1852, so far as the same pur-
ports to confer upon the probate courts the power to
issue or allow writs of habeas corpus; also, section
throe of an nc-t entitled "An aet in relation to writs
of eieetment." approved March 3,1852; also, section
twenty-four of an act entitled "An act regulating
the m«>dc of procedure in criminal cases," approved
January 21.1853; also, section three of an act en-
titled "An act to regul.ttesurveyorsandsurveying,
approver March 3, 1S52; also, section five of an act
entitled "An act regulating elections," approved
January 1*33; also, section threeof au act entitled
"An act couceraing the property rights of married
persons/' approved February 16. 1S72. are hereby
repealed. And ail acts or parts of acts so far as
the same are inconsistent or in conflict with the pro-
visions of this act are hereby repealed, and no acts
shall hereafter be passed by the Legislature ot the
said Territory inconsistent or in conflict with the
principles of the repealing provisions of this act.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. Mr. Fresidsnt,
1 do not propose to occupy the precious time
of the Senate with one unnecessary word.
This biil has been brought before Congrest; by
reason of the message of the President of the
United States bringing to our notice the ex-
tiuordinary condition of things in the Territory
of Utah. It has been most carefully consid-
ered by the Committee on the Judiciary, and
the committee as to most of the bill have no
diversity of opinion. There is nothing in the
bill that I know of that is fanatically prospect-
ive or that interferes with any legitimate free-
dom of conscience or of action. 'I be bill
dors not touch the peculiar institution ot that
Territory, polygamy, except in two particu-
lars, and those I will briefly state. It does not
affect the evidence as to any existing mar-
riage ; but does provide that as to future mar-
riages, in prosecutions for bigamy and polyg-
amy, the court shall not be restricted to record
evidence, to the ordinary certificate of mar-
riage, but that the bigamy may be proven by
the admissions of the parties, by their habits
of life in living together, as is now the case at
common law in reference to the question of
marriage in all civil matters. But that altera-
tion only applies to future marriages.
The other point in which that institution
is touched is this: the bill provides that where
one is living as the consort or spouse, and
not as the lawful wife of a man, she may file
her petition in the district court of the Terri-
tory, and on it being made to appear that
there is this plurality of wives or consorts, she
may have a discharge from that relation in the
nature of a divorce in the case of a lawful
marriage. In other words, this feature of the
bill extends to the women of that Territory
who are living in the state of bigamy or
polygamy a like relief to that which our laws
give in the ease of lawful marriage.
These are the only two points in which the law
in reference to bigamy is affected at all by this
bill. The great object of the b:ll is to provide
for the administration of justice and the en-
forcement of law; and the effort of the com-
mittee has beep to make it so equal and so
just that, those who are Mormons are protected
as well as those who are not.
I will now briefly state the provisions of the
different sections of the bill.
The Senate know that this Territory of Utah
was created by the organic law of 1860; that
the tribunals of justice established there were
a supreme court consisting of three judges, and
that each of those judges was also a judge of
one of the districts of the Territory, the Ter
ritory being divided into three judicial dis-
tricts. The organic law provided also for a
probate court, the judge of that court being
elected by the territorial Assembly. The
organic law also provided for a marshal and
for a district attorney.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I omitted
to hear the Senator from New Jersey state
how the jurors are now selected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have not
come to that yet; I will come to it pres-
ently. I was speaking of the probate judge.
The organic law provided for that officer. He
has hitherto been elected by the Assembly of
the Territory under a territorial law providing
for the election of that officer. The organic
law also provides for a marshal and for a dis-
trict attorney, as I have said. Now I call the
attention of the Senate to the different provis-
ions of this bill.
The first section gives the United States
marshal power to appoint deputies, removable
at the pleasure of the judge. The necessity
for that is that inasmuch as there are a number
of courts it is impossible for the marshal to
be in the different parts of the Territory at the
same time. Therefore, with the approval of
the iudge of the district court, he is author-
ized to appoint deputies, who give bond and
who are removable at the pleasure of the
judge. That section also abolishes the office
of attorney general of the Territory and
territorial marshal, two officers which have
been created by the laws of the Territory, and
two officers that interfere with the marshal
appointed under the organic act.
Thesecond section makes it the duty of these
executive officers to attend all the courts of the
Territory and attend to the executive duty of
those courts.
The third section authorizes the district
attorney, with the approval of the judge, to
appoint assistant district attorneys, the same
necessity existing in reference to having a
number of district attorneys that exists in refer-
ence to having deputy marshals.
The fourth section requires the district attor-
neys to attend all the courts and prosecute all
criminal cases.
By the fifth section, only male citizens of the
age of twenty-one can be grand or petit jurors.
By the sixth section, every grand jury shall
consist of eighteen, twelve of whom may find
a bill.
The seventh section, to which now I call the
attention of the Senator from Maryland, is one
whieh relates to jurors. By that section when
thejudge of the district determines that a grand
or petit jury is necessary, he, the judge, the
marshal, and the clerk of the court are to
select, without regard to religious, political, or
social opinions, two hundred persons to act as
jurors, and they are to be the jurors of all the
courts in the Territory for that year.
As to the petit jury, the judge determines
what number of jurors are necessary for the
term, and they are drawn by lot from this box
which contains the two hundred names. If
talesmen are required, the provisioaof the bill
is that they shall also be drawn by lot from
this box of two hundred jurors, and each party
in every case has three peremptory challenges.
That is the provision in reference to jurors.
It seems to me that it is most just, most equal.
It has been suggested, and it is the only objec-
tion that I have heard to this provision, that
while this act is perfectly fair on the face of
it, it is in the powerof a judge, a marshal, and
a clerk to disobey it, and to select jurors with
regard to religious, political, or social senti-
ments. All I have to say is that the Congress
of the United States can only enact just laws;
and if any judge in the face of a law like this
should select jurors who, from their senti-
ments, religious, political, or social, it became
manifest had been selected in regard to those
sentiments, Congress would at once impeach
and depose hira. No judge would have the
temerity, in the face of this act of Congress,
thus openly to violate the plain injunctions of
the law.
The eighth section relates to costs, and pro-
vides that they are to be advanced by the
plaintiff and afterward collected.
The ninth section relates to the fees of mar-
shals, deputies, district attorneys, assistants to
district attorneys, and jurors.
The tenth section is one of some importance.
It relates only to future marriages, and provides
that future marriages shall rest only on the
contract of parties; that to obtain a conviction
for bigamy it shall not be necessary to make
record proof or produce a certificate of mar-
riage, there being no such record and no such
certificate, but it provides that the admissions
oi' the parties, their habits of life, and such
evidence as is admitted in civil cases shall be
admissible as to future marriages on prosecu-
tions for bigamy..
The eleventh section provides for the dig-
charge of this equivocal relationship by a judge
after full hearing, so that a person holding this
relationship may have a like remedy as that
given by divorce in lawful_ marriages.
The twelfth section provides that where there
is no jail in the district, a military camp may
be substituted and used for that purpose.
The thirteenth section provides that where
the officers of the United States are resisted
in the enforcement of the law, the military force
may be used as a posse.
The fourteenth section requires the jails
to be inspected by the Governor, wardens
removed, &c.
The fifteenth section provides that an alien
while living in bigamy shall not be naturalized.
The sixteenth section provides that when
a judge is sick the Governor may appoint
another to the duty of that judge.
The seventeenth section is that probate
judges and notaries shall be appointed by the
Governor.
The eighteenth section provides for appeals
from inferior courts to the district court and
