1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
more of study, and so on, putting practical and
theoretical studies together, so as to bring a
man out from his course of study with more
practical knowledge, as well aa theoretical
education.
The committee thought these two objects—
that recommended by the Secretary, an in-
crease in the length of time for study, and
that of preventing an increase m the total
number of officers in the Navy—would both
be accomplished by the single amendment
here proposed.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee do
now rise. It is evident that we cannot get
through this bill to-night.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman will allow
a vote on this amendment, I think we will be
able to finish the bill in ten minutes.
Mr. COX. I see no prospect of that. 1
insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. hco-
field reported that, pursuant to order of the
House, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 3851) making appropriations for
the naval service of the Government lor the
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BrLLS.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bins
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2435) granting a pension
to Ann C. Butler ;
An act (H. R. No. 2442) granting a pension
to Charles B. Fairchild;
An act (H. R- No. 2443) granting a pension
to Wesley Hensley;
An act (H. R. No. 2445) granting a pension
to Susan Schofield ;
An act (H. 11. No. 2446) granting a pension
to Benjamin Clark;
An act (H. R. No. 2447) granting a pension
to Sarah Reynolds;
An act (H. R. No. 2449) granting a pension
to Mary H. Bartlett;
An act (E. R. No. 2451) granting a pension
to John Oliver, Louisa Oliver, Robert Oliver,
and Martha A. Oliver ;
An act (EL 11. No. 2455) granting a pension
to Jerome E. Pampell; .
An act (E. R. No. 2407) granting a pension ,,
to Aidy A. Autry; !|
An act (B, R. No. 2764) making an appro- ..
priation for the erection of a marine hospi.al n
at San Francisco ; . , lj
Ah act (H. R. No. 2878) to authorize the p
President to appoint Frederick E. Upton, ot .
Bath, Maine, a master in the Navy ol the
United States; aud
An act (H. R. No. 2004) for the relief of
George Reber.
CATTAUADCUi AND ALUSGIIAN'V* INDIAN'S.
The SPEAKER appointed as members on
the part of the House of the conference com-
mittee on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R-
authorize the Cattaraugus and Alleghany
Indians in New York to lease lands and con-
firm leases, Mr. Shanks of Indiana, Mr. Si-
skins of New York, and Mr. McCu-llam)
of Pennsylvania.
WKBT OF VIRGINIA AND WKST VIRGINIA-
Mr. TOVVNSEND, of New York. I ask
unanimous consent to .submit the following
resolution for present consideration ; j
Mr. Mt-GREW. 1 object.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BECK, of Kentucky: The petition
and accompanying papers and proofs of William
R. Herring, of Louisville, Kentucky, praying
relief because of payment of a forged check
as a United States officer.
By Mr. BUCKLEY : The memorial of citi-
zens of Mobile, Alabama, praying indemnifi-
cation for property destroyed by public and
private armed vessels of France during the
years 1793 and 1801.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of S.
W. Kirk and 19 others, citizens of different
cities and towns of New England, praying an
appropriation for the construction of ^two
breakwaters, to be located in Buzzard's tiay,
at the entrance to the port of the island of
Cuttyhunk, Massachusetts.
Also, the memorial of Henry Ferguson and
others, captains sailing from different ports in
New England, praying for the same object.
Also, the memorial of Edwin Taber and 52
others, sailors and mariners sailing from dif-
ferent ports in the United States, praying that
the shipping commissioners act, passed in the
year 1872, may be repealed or material modi-
fi6By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of S.
Aiken and 44 others, citizens of Houston
county, Minnesota, asking the passage of the
bill (H. R. No. 3099) to authorize the Mil-
waukee and St. Paul Railway Company to
connect their line of railway by a bridge across
the Mississippi river at North La Crosse, Wis-
consin. , r_ ___ t t
By Mr. ELY : The petition of H. W. Loud
& Co., and others, asking ibr breakwater at
Cuttyhunk, opposite New Bedford.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The pe-
tition of Powers, Scribner, and_ 360 others,
asking an appropriation for the improvement
of Grand "Rapids, Michigan. .
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS : The petition of
Brown Brothers & Co., E. D. Morgan & Co.,
John J. Cisco & Son, and other leading mer-
chants of New York city, for the increase ot
the salary of certain customs officers.
By Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina : The
petition of Samuel A. Ashe, a citizen ot
North Carolina, asking the removal ot his
political disabilities. . .
By Mr. SARGENT; The petition of citi-
zens of California, for the passage of Mr Sar-
gbst's House bill in relation to grazing lands.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 24, 1S7S.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owes, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
ELECTION OP fUCSIUBST IMIO tHMTOlU;.
The Secretary (Hon. Geubge 0. Goriiam)
called the Senate to order, aud said: Senators,,
1 have received the following communication
from the Vice President:
Vior Pb*stdbst's Chasbsr,
Washington', Jtwar  .4. lsfii.
Tit- ir Sik ■ Please state to tlio Senate that I may
be U&pSSfiily detained from iW .c-non duru. P«rt
of this afternoon.
Hespoott'uUy, yours, gC|lpYLER COLFAX.
Hon. G-C-eonr^, M ^ ^lte,
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Secretary, I offer the
following resolution, and ask for its presen
consideration: .
t IMRAw&Sffd hcuWebV;
feen President of the Senate pro tonporc.
The Secretary put the question on the reso-
lution ; and it was adopted item con.
Mr. Anthoky accordingly took the chair a3
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Mr. WILSON. 1 offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that in
the absence of the Vice President the Senate has
chosen Hon. IIexby B. Asthohy, a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate
pro tempore ,■ and that he make a similar communi-
cation to the House of Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings will be read.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2620) to remit the ex-
cise taxes upon alcohol used "by universities
and colleges for scientific purposes was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mitte on Finance. < -
The bill (H. R. No. 3399) to provide for
obtaining information of the condition of.
banks organized under State laws was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. >
The bill (H. R. No. 3619) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners," &c., ap-
proved June 7, 1872, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
vienna exposition.
The PRESIDENT pro import laid before
the Senate the action of the House af Repre-
sentatives on the amendments of the Senate
to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170)- to
enable the people of the United States to par-
ticipate in the advantages of the international
exposition to be held at Vienna in 1873. •
On motion of Mr. SCHURZ, it was
Remhed, That the Senate insist.upoa its second
amendment to thesaid joint resolution, anddisa«ree
to the amendment of the House to the Apt amend-
ment of the Senate to the said joint resolution, and
ask for a conference on the disagreeing: votes ot the
two Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was :
Ordered, Tha t the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed W the Presidentpfw tempore.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of War,
relative to providing surgical apparatas tor
, the relief of persons disabled in the Army and
Navy of the United States; which was referred
| to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or;
! dered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislature of Dakota Terri-
tory. asking for a scientific exploration of that
Territory: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be
P! Mre!Wil,SON presented the petition of Ser-
jeant William Henry, praying for the reim-
bursement of $1,100 deposited with Second
Lieutenant Thomas D. Parker, of the mfontry,
acting assistant quartermaster, for safe keep-
in.,, and lost by the death of that officer in
battle June 21?, 1862; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Aftairs. ,
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial ot
the Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory,
asking an appropriation for a military w&goo
road in the valley of the Red River of the
North : which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented the memorial ot tbe legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
asking that an additional land district be cre-
ated in the northern part of that Territory,
which was referred to the Committee en AM'
lie Lauds, and ordered to be pnnted . ,
Ee also presented a memorial of the kegis
