1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
from t,be district court in matters of law to the
supreme court in banc.
'The nineteenth section makes it a crime to
mark a ballot, so as to secure the secrecy of
the ballot, and provides that only males shall
vote.
The twentieth section cures one of the great-
est evils in that Territory. It takes from the
probate courts the vast jurisdiction which they
have usurped and confines their jurisdiction
to matters where the demand is not over $200
deprives them of all criminal and equity juris-
diction, and gives the district court exclusive
original jurisdiction over divorce, alimony, and
chancery proceedings. It also abolishes all
courts in the Territory, except the supreme
court, the district and probate court, and the
courts of justices, and excepting also the
county courts so far as they perform executive
functions.
The twenty-first section provides for a short-
hand reporter to the district court.
The twenty-second section makes a penalty
for knowingly voting falsely.
The twenty-third section repeals a great
variety of acts. These acts have been care-
fully examined. We have them in the Senate
Chamber, and have only made such repeal as
seemed to be necessary. If any Senator wishes
information as to any one of these acts, (for
you cannot tell what their purport is merely
by seeing their titles,) of course they will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if he
has the ordinance of the Territory of Utah,
dated, I think, in 1851 or 1852, in which the
church is recognized and established and by
which certain powers were conferred on it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is here.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to see that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reference to
that ordinance I would say to the Senate that
it has not been repealed by this act. It has
been modified and I will state the modifica-
tions of that law.
The twenty-fourth section in reference to
the act to which the Senator from Indiana has
called attention makes this provision :
That the corporation existing under an act enti-
tled "An ordinanco incorporating the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints," approved Feb-
ruary 8,1851, is horoby forbidden and disqualified
from being the owner, directly or indirectly, of an
amount of property in value greater than $6,000,000,
and forbidden from solemnizing or forming, or
authorizing to be solemnized or formed, any mar-
riage or similar relation, contrary to the provisions
of existing statutes against bigamy and polygamy,
or contrary to the common law; and the said ordin-
ance shall bo subject to bo altered or repealed by
Congress, and by the State at any time formed out
of the Territory of Utah, and the said corporation
shall bo subject to be dissolved by Congress or by
such State,
In reference to that section I wish to say
this: I can see that there may be a difference
of opinion in the Senate in reference to the
propriety of limiting the amount of property
that they may acquire. That may not be the
proper limit; perhaps it ought to be a larger
sum. If the provision is offensive to the
judgment of Senators, let me suggest that we
are at a late day in the session and if might
even be wise to omit it rather than to defeat
the bill. I think, though, that the sentiment
of the Senate will be that every corporation
should have some limit to the amount of prop-
el ty that, it may acquire, and particularly a
religious corporation.
But the other qualifications of that act cer-
tainly cannot be objected to, especially the one
that they shall not solemnize marriages con-
trary to existing laws ; for it would be an ab-
surdity and a farce to have laws and not to
prohibit the violation of those laws. That
provision only applies, as the Senate see, to
the future, of course.
As to the other provision that Congress or
the State of Utah shall have the right to amend
that charter at any time, I suppose we should
have that right and the State of Utah would
have it without this express declaration; but
for abundant caution it is well, as this Territory
may soon become a State, to give notice that
that power exists in the sovereighty of the
State when created.
As to any other act named in the repealing
section, the twenty-fourth section of this bill,
I have the books here and will give informa-
tion to any Senator that wishes it.
I have thus, Mr. President, very briefly
stated what I understand to be the substance
of this bill. The important part of the bill,
that which is now essential, is certainly the
provision for the enforcement of law by hav-
ing the opportunity of selecting jurors and
having proper executive officers of the courts.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to go at this time into a discussion
of this bill. 1 can bear witness with the Sen-
ator from New Jersey of the perfect good
faith with which the Committee on the Judi-
ciary entered upon the investigation of the
matters contained in this bill, and sought to
make it a bill which would further the ends of
justice, and not be perverted into an instru-
ment of persecution of anybody on account of
a difference of opiuion on religious or social
subjects. But while that was undoubtedly the
purpose of the committee, and great care has
been taken to draw this bill so as to prevent
as far as possible, as it was thought, any such
perversion of the law, in my judgment the safe-
guards are not sufficient,. I thought so in com-
mittee ; I think so still. The more reflection
I have given to the subject, the more I am
satisfied of it.
The condition of Utah presents a problem
of the most difficult solution, and the more
difficult perhaps when submitted to the Con-
gress of the United States, because I do not
believe there is in all this Congress, with the
exception of the Delegate from Utah himself,
one person who does not disapprove of what
is called the peculiar institution of Utah. In
other words, monogamy is the rule in the
United States. The Mormon church is the
first attempt to establish within the United
States the institution of polygamy. It is very
true that polygamy is an old institution, and
it is very true that it prevails at this moment
among more than half the inhabitants of this
globe, but the people of the United States
have always set their faces against it, and I
trust they always will as far as they have the
constitutional power to do so.
This church has grown up and this peculiar
institution has grown up, and this church has
shown a vitality that to persons who have not
made the growth of sects a study seems almost
miraculous. To those who have been in Utah
even for a short time, as I was a few years
ago, on a visit there with a committee of this
body, it is difficult to comprehend the attach-
ment of the ,people of that church to their
church. But, sir, it is an attachment equal to
that which is felt by any devotee on the face
of the globe, and its reasons are to be found
not simply in spiritual motives, but to be
found, perhaps, still stronger in the workings
of that church for the material well being of
the people.
I think a large majority of the Mormons in
Utah are persons from Europe. I think that
a large majority of those who come from Eu-
rope, in fact ninety per cent, of them, are
perhaps persons who, in their original homes,
never had ten dollars' worth of property in the
world that they could call their own. Perhaps
that statement is not strictly correct, but I
think 1 may safely say that nine tenths of the
Mormons who are brought from Europe and
are now in Utah never in their original homes
owned fifty dollars' worth of property that
they could call their own. Very few of them,
indeed, ever had a good suit of clothing; very
few of them ever saw a day passover their heads
that they could say ' 'This day I will have a good,
wholesome meal;" very few of them, indeed,
were able to read one word, much less to write,
and a large portion of them never were inside
the portals of a church. It was these people,
hard-working, ignorant, in the very depths of
poverty, and without the slightest hope of ever
being able in the world to call a foot of land
their own, or ever to have a comfortable sub-
sistence, that the Mormon missionaries found
and have brought to the Territory of Utah.
And there, sir, what a change in their material
condition has taken place! The head of a
family brought to Utah is immediately put
upon a piece of ground, an acre and a quarter
called a town lot, or from five to ten or fifteen
acres of land, according to his capacity to work
it for farming purposes. He is aided in his
farming operations; if he does not know how
to farm, he is instructed how to farm, aided
in the building of his house, aided in the cul-
tivation of his lands; seed and agricultural
implements are furnished him; ana in a very
few years that man who had never known
anything but the extremest depths of poverty,
finds himself in a comfortable home, the owner
of a comfortable farm, his children well clad,
three good meals every day for them, and all
his children going to school, being taught to
read and to write. You might as well try to
make that man believe that he could live with-
out air as to make him believe that that change
in his circumstances thus brought about by the
Mormon church was not the work of Almighty
God. He does believe it, and will die for that
belief.
And therefore it is, sir, that this problem is
so difficult of solution. That belief which is
thus implanted in that man, which grows with
his growth, that marvelous change which has
taken place in his circumstances that to him
seems like an immediate interposition of the
Divinity itself, will make him stick to that re-
ligion, pass what laws you will. It is by some-
thing else than law that this evil, this peculiar
social institution of theirs must be eradicated.
I do not say that therefore we should recog-
nize that institution; on the contrary, I think
that we should not recognize it at all. We
have recognized it to a certain extent, and per-
haps further than we ought ever to have done,
for strangely enough we made Utah a Terri-
tory when there were none but Mormons there,
and still more strangely we made the chief
priest of the Mormon church the Governor of
that Territory, if I am not mistaken. This
Government did that; this Government made
those people organize the Territory, and made
the president of the church and the man they
consider the apostle of God the territorial
Governor, and has maintained that territorial
goverment ever since.
But, sir, whatever we have done I still ad-
mit that nothing ought to be "done that recog-
nizes or that sanctions this peculiar relation of
Utah, and I am not without hope that in time
and by the working operation of causes not
produced by law the peculiar institution of
that church will be given up. But, sir, it is a
most delicate subject to handle. We have
seen that the Mormons, when persecuted as
they thought first in Ohio, left Ohio; when
persecuted as they said they were in Missouri,
they left Missouri ; when afterward persecuted,
as they said they were in Illinois, they left
Illinois and went across what was then an
almost unknown desert and settled in Utah,
then within the bounds of Mexico. We have
seen them manifest their determination not to
give up their religion and to endure any per-
secution rather than give it up.
That being the condition of those persons,
anything which tends to bring about a conflict
between them and those entertaining different
opinions, is, if possible, to be avoided. No
matter how right we may be in our opinions—
and certainly no one believes in our opinions
and in our social institutions more than I do,
or is more averse to those of the Mormons—
no matter how right we may be, we must not
