THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
asking for an appropriation to remove the
obstructions to navigation on the Red River of
the North ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered tobeprinted.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a communica-
tion from Sayles J. Bowen, late postmaster of
the city of Washington, inclosing a_ commun-
ication from J. J. Martin, the Auditor of the
treasury for the Post Office Department, in
relation to a balance due Mr. Bowen as post-
master. Mr. Martin says:
"I have carefully examined the vouchers pre-
sented by Mr. Bowen, amounting to $365 63 as per
statement herewith filed, and find that they were
not presented or allowed in the settlement of his
account for the quarter ending June 30, 1865. At
the elose of his term, Mr. Bowen paid the balance
appearing due the United States upon the books of
this office, claiming, however, that thero must have
boon some omission of credits. If these vouchers
hid been presented1 with his account-current for
that quarter, they would have been allowed; but
Although the amount is a proper item tor credit
and has been pnssed to his credit on our books, thero
is* now no appropriation out of which the same can
be paid."
I presume the proper committee to consider
this matter would be the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and I move its reference to that
committee.
Mr. EDMONDS. Oh, no; it ought to go
to the Committee on Claims. As it is really a
claim, I suggest that it be referred to the Com-
iuittee on Claims. We have got to allow the
money to pay this claim.
Mr. RAMSEY. The executive Departments
of the Government admit that this money is
due to this party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Executive Depart-
ments may admit that the monejr is due; but
it so happens that the Constitution does not
leave it tp the Executive Departments to de-
termine whether money is due or not. There-
fore I suggest to my friend that he had better
allow it to go to the Committee on Claims, to
which it properly belongs.
Mr. RAMSEY. The accounts are all audited,
and the only difficulty in the case is that there
is no money in the Treasury out of which to
pay this sum. Now, it is the duty of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to put money in the
Treasury for the payment of claims admitted
tp be just by the other Departments.
Mr. EDMONDS. Exactly; but the other
Departments do not bind this body as to the
justice of a claim. The fact that they say so
is no conclusive evidence of the truth of the
thing at all. Therefore, as in all other cases
of a claim, as this is nothing but a private
claim, it pught to go to the Committee on
Claims that they may ascertain from the Post
Office Department and from the vouchers
themselves that this matter is really so. I do
not doubt in this particular instance that it is
so; I am not making any opposition to the
claim ; I am only standing up for the pro-
priety of the claim being examined by the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is an unnecessarily
round about way for the investigation of a
claim which is admitted to be just by the
proper Department. The only thing they
lack to settle the whole thing is the money.
However, Mr. President, I withdraw the papers
for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, let the matter go to
the Committee on Claims, or to the Post Office
Committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Post Office Committee
do not want it. It dees not belong to that
committee. I withdraw the papers.
Mr. DAVIS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of West Virginia, providing for
the transfer of certain rights and franchises
of that State to'the United States, connected
with the James River and Kanawha canal;
which was referred to the select Committee
on Transportation Routes to the Seaboard,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Brooklyn, New York, praying that a
malarious marsh within the limits of the navy-
yard in that city may be filled up; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.^
Mr. NORWOOD presented the memorial
of the national convention of St. Louis in
relation to the Atlantic and Great Western
canal; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on Transportation Routes to the Sea-
board.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition ot
Ambrose Folliott and one hundred and sixty-
four others, citizens of Uniontown, District
of Columbia, praying for an extension of .the
Metropolitan railroad ; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Mar-
garet Getty, of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia, widow of Major Robert Getty; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1626) to confirm certain entries
of land therein named, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1438) to provide for the payment in
gold of certain wages to seamen in foreign
countries, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the joint
Committee on the Library, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 27C2) provid-
ing for a life-size statue of the late Senator
Edward Dickinson Baker, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
George Henry Preble, praying to be restored
to his former rank and position in the Navy,
reported a bill (S. No. 1444) to authorize the
President to appoint George Henry Preble,
now a captain on the active list of the Navy,
to be a commodore; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Calvin
Bronson, praying to be refunded taxes on
tobacco alleged to have been illegally col-
lected, submitted a report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed, and the commit-
tee was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Henry E. Janes,
praying to be allowed pay and bounty stopped
from him by sentence of a court-martial for
desertion, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 1442) for the relief of Henry
E. Janes.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Marcus Walker, praying the passage of a bill
giving the Court of Claims authority to adju-
dicate his claim for the proceeds of certain
cotton, alleged to have been seized by United
States troops in April, 1863, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed ; and the com-
mittee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2910) for the relief of Orville J. Jennings,
reported it without amendment; and submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. It. No.
2507) to grant a pension to Mary Petrie, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon, which was
ordered to be printed ; and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2477) grant-
ing a pension to John S. Hall, submitted an
adverse renort thereon, which was ordered to
be printed; and the bill was postponed tndeh-
UltMr." WEST. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. it.
No. 1775) for the relief of Kitty Ann Smith,
widow of Thomas Smith, and James A. Ste-
vens, of the Cromwell Home Guards, of Ohio
county, Kentucky, have instructed me to report
it without amendment; and, if there be no
objection, I ask for the immediate considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. PRATT. I think I shall make objec-
tion on the ground that there are a great many
private bills on the Calendar, which ought to
be considered in their order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WEST. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 471) to amend an act
entitled "An act supplementary to an act to
provide for furnishing artificial limbs to dis-
abled soldiers," approved June 30, 1870, to
recommend that the Senate concur^ in the
amendment of the House. As this is not a
private bill, I presume there will be no objec-
tion to action on the House amendment. The
House has amended the bill, originally offered
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.,]
so as to embrace hired men who did service
in the Army of the United States and give
them the same benefits with reference to arti-
ficial limbs that are now enjoyed by soldiers.
Mr. PRATT. Let the bill go on the Cal-
endar. „
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana objects to the present con-
sideration of the bill, and it will be placed on
the Calendar.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Thomas
P. Bowler, praying indemnification for losses
and damages sustained by the annulment of
his contract for carrying the mails from Neo-
sho, Missouri, to Albuquerque, New Mexico,
in 1859, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petitiou of Gurden Chapin,
praying relief for loss sustained by the de-
struction of his property in New Mexico, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
the heirs of Thomas Lawson, deceased, pray-
ing payment of reut due by the Government,
reported a bill (S. No. 1443) for the relief
of the heirs of the late Thomas Lawson,
deceased; which was read, and passed to a,
second reading.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Conrad Weiss, praying compensation for the
loss of a horse, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1445) to authorize the construction of a
pneumatic tube road between the cities of N ew
York and Chicago; which wa3 read twice by
its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill lie on
the table for the present and be printed, that,
I may consider to what committee it should
hereafter be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1446) for the relief of Nathaniel McKay ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, ieave to introduce a bill (S.
