1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
No. H47) to provide for the erection of a pub-
lic building at Montgomery, in the State of
Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1448) to extend the time for the institu-
tion of suits in the Court of Claims, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1449) authorizing the erection of a public
builflingat Sacramento, California; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER, asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1450) to apply the proceeds of the
public lands to the education of the people;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1451) to aid the United States and Co-
lombia Mail Steamship Company to establish
an American line of ocean steamships for
opening direct trade between the United
States of America and the United States of
Colombia, South America, and for carrying
the mail of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
the boston fire.
Mr. WILSON. I give notice that after the
pending appropriation bill is disposed of I
shall ask the Senate to take up the bill for the
relief of the sufferers by fire at Boston. The
bill was referred to the Judiciary Committee,
it will be remembered, and we have a divided
report from that committee. I desire to hare
action on the bill as early as possible.
the calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the Caleudar.
It is unpleasant to object to the wishes of
members, and I therefore call for the Calen-
dar before any member moves to take up a
special bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Cal-
endar is now in order under the rule limiting
its consideration to unobjected cases, and
limiting debate to five minutes. The Secre-
tary will read the first bill in order on the
Calendar.
BKIDQE AT LBXINOTON, MISSOCKI.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 1079) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at or near the city of Lexington, in
the State of Missouri, and to establish it as a
post road.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which was read.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
lloads reported the bill with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have listeued care-
fully to see whether the provision we have
put m within a year or two always, as to the
removal of obstructions to navigation which
this bill may create, at the cost of the com-
pany and without charge to us, is in the bill.
I did not hear it read.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is provided for in one
of the amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads was in
hue four of section one, alter the word " cor-
poration " to insert the words '* authorized by
the Legislature of Missouri."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one.
line nine, after the word "point" to strike
out the words "and that whea constructed all
trains of all roads terminating at said river,
at or opposite said point, shall be allowed to
cross said bridge for reasonable compensa-
tion ; and reasonable compensation may also
be charged for the use of said bridge as a
highway, to be made to the owners of said
bridge."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lifte three, after the word "built" to insert
the word "either;" before the word "draw-
bridge," in the same line, to insert the word
"pivot;" and after the word "draw-bridge"
to strike out the words "with a pivot or other
form of draw ;" so as to read:
That any bridge built under the provisions of this
act may, at the option of the company building the
same, be built as a pivot draw-bridge or with un-
broken or continuous spans.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven of
section two, to strike outthe word " extreme "
before the words "high-water mark."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen,
section two, to insert before the word " draw-
bridge" the word "pivot;" and to strike out
in the sameline, after the word " constructed,"
the words "as a pivot draw-bridge."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
one, of section two, after the word " feet" to
insert " if the proper location of the draw over
the channel will admit spans of this width
between it and the shoreso as to read:
And the nest adjoining spans to the draw shall not
be less than two hundred and fifty feet, if the proper
location of the draw over the channel will admit
spans of this width between it and the shore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"boats," in line twenty-nine of section two,
to strike out the words " whose construction
shall not be such as to admit of their passage
under the permanent spans of said bridge,
except when trains are passing over the same,
but" and insert the word "and;" so as to
read:
Andprovided also. That said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the passage
of boats: and in no case shall unnecessary delay
occur in opening the said draw during or after the
passage of trains.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as section
four the following:
Sec. A. That all railway companies desiring to use
the said bridge shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same, and
in the use of the machinery and fixtures thereof,
and of all the approaches thereto, under and upon
such terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, upon hearing the allegations
and proofs of the parties in ease they shall not
agree.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion five the following:
Sec. 5. That any bridge authorized to be eon- j
strueted under this act shall be built and located .
under and subject to such regulations for the seeur- ]
ity of navigation of said river as the Secretary of
Yvar shall prescribe: and to secure that object the j
said company or corporation shall submit to the I
Secretary of War, for his examination and approval,
a design and drawing of the bridge and piers, and
a map of the location, giving, tor Uie space of
at least one mile aboveand onemile below the pro-
posed location, the topography of the banks of tue
river, the shore-lines at high and low water, the
direction and strength of the currents at all stages,
and the soundings, accurately showing the bedoi the
stream, the location of any other bridge or bridges,
and shall furnish such other information as may be
required for a full and satisfactory understanding
oftho subject; and until tUosaidplanand location ot
the bridge are approved by the Secretary ot War j
the bridge shall not be built: and if any change be
made in the plan of construction of said bridge .
daring the progress of the work thereon, or beiore j
the completion of said bridge, such change shall be j
subject to the approval of the Secretary of War; ;
and the said structure shall be at all times so kept .
and managed as to offer reasonable and proper j
moans for the passage of vessels through or under •
said structure; and the said structure shall bo I
changed at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof, from time to time, as Congress may direct,
so as to preserve the free and convenient navigation
of said river ; and the authority to erect and con-
tinue said bridge shall be subject to revocation or
modification by law whenever the public good shall,
m the judgment of Congress, so require,.without
any expense or charge to the United States; , ;
The amendment was agreed to. ' !
The next amendment was to strike out the
last section, in the following words:
Sao. 5. That this act shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES LYNCH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2537) granting a pension to Charles
Lynch; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to j>lace on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations .of the
pension laws, the name of Charles Lynch, late
a private in company P, fifty-fourth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers. . :,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EVAN JOHNSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. E. No. 2464) granting a pension to Evan
Johnson ; -which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Evan
Johnson, late a corporal of company I, forty-
seventh regiment Illinois volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ANNS PEN NT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill
(H. R. No. 2476) for the relief of Anne Penny;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The Secretary of the Interior is re-
quired by the bill to place the name of Anne
Penny, mother of Alexander Bruce, who was
a private in company I, eleventh regiment
Pennsylvania reserves, and who died at Ander-
sonville, on the pension-roil of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month;
but if hereafter the widow of Alexander Brace
shall establish her right to a pension as his
widow, then the right of Anne Penny to receive
the pension is to cease.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
john nolan.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2495) granting a pension to John
Nolan ; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of John Nolan, of Q&incy,
Illinois.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, mitt
the third time, and passed.
catherine koss.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2515) granting a pension to Oath
erine Ross ; which was considered as in Com
mittee of the Whole. The bill proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to: plao 
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Catherine Ross, mother of John Ross, late
a private in the twenty-third regiment '-of
Illinois infantry volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
