1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
privileges embodied in the religion of Jesus Christ
free to all, it is also declared that^said church does
and shall possess and enjoy continually the power
and authority, in and of itself, to originate, make,
pass, and establish rules, regulations, ordinances,
laws, customs, and criterions for tho good order,
safety, government, conveniences, comfort, and con-
trol of said church, and for the punishment or for-
giveness of all offenses relative to fellowship, accord-
ing to church covenants; that the pursuit of bliss
and the enjoyment of life in every eapacityof pub-
lic association and domestic happiness, temporal
expansion, or spiritual increase upon the earth may
not legally be Questioned: Provided, however. That
each and every act or practice so established or
adopted for law or custom shall relate to solem-
nities,, sacraments, ceremonies, consecrations, en-
dowments, tithings, marriages, fellowship, or the
religious duties of man to his Maker; inasmuch as
the doctrines, principles, practices, or performances
support virtue and increase morality, and are not
inconsistent with or repugnant to the Constitution
of the United States or of this State, and are founded
in the revelations of the Lord."
Mr. MORTON. It will be observed that
this ordinance expressly places the institution
of marriage under the direction and control
of the Mormon Church, to be regulated
"according to the revelations of God" as
expressed in the section ; that is, according to
their revelations as they believe in them. In
other words, the church seems here to be
expressly empowered to establish and sanc-
tion polygamy if in harmony with their revela-
tions.
This ordinance, as I said before, has never
been disapproved by Congress, and according
to the terms of the original act creating the
Territory and the opinion intimated by the
Supreme Court must be held to be the law of
the Territory.
And now the question that I would like to
submit to the Senator from New Jersey is
whether, taking this act in connection with the
provision of the act creating the Territory, pro-
viding that the laws are to be disapproved by
Congress if they are annulled, not to be ap-
proved if agreeable, but to be disapproved if
improper, and the opinion intimated by the
Supreme Court, that ordinance is not to be
held to be the law of the Territory of Utah
up to this time subject, however, to the effect
of the act of 1862, forbidding and punishing
the offense of bigamy, which I will consider
directly ? It seems to me it would be very
difficult for any court to escape from the con-
clusion that, polygamy was legalized in the
Territory of Utah from 1851 up to 1862.
In 1862 Congress passed an act punishing
bigamy in the Territory of Utah, and that
would seem to have the effect by operation of
law of repealing that portion of this ordinance
authorizing the church to regulate the institu-
tion of marriage so as to establish polygamy,
because that portion of this ordinance would
be in conflict with the act of Congress ot
1802, and the ordinance must of course give
way; but I say that is only a constructive
repeal of it.
Now in connection with that constructive
repeal of this ordinance, which certainly re-
mained in force for twelve years, under which
I think it would be hard for any court to say
that polygamy was not legalized in that Terri-
tory, I call the attention of the Senator from
New Jersey to the provision in the twenty-
fourth section of this bill. My attention is
also called to the fact that the church of
Latter-Day Saints was recognized politically
very strongly by the appointment of Brigham
Young as the Governor of the Territory for
either four or six years. Now I refer to the
twenty-fourth section, which repeals or modi-
fies certain territorial laws therein specified,
and among others this ordinance:
"That the corporation existing under an aet
entitled 'An ordinance incorporating the church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints' "—
That is the title of tho act—
"approved February 8, 1851, is hereby forbidden
and disqualified from being the owner, directly or
indirectly, of an amount of property in value greater
than $6,000,000, and forbidden from solemnizing or
forming, nr authorizing to be solemnized or formed,
any marriago or similar relation, contrary to tho
provisions of existing statutes against bigamy and
polygamy, or contrary to the common law; and the
said ordinance shall be subject to be altered or
repealed by Congress,'* &c.
Now, I submit to the Senator from New
Jersey the question whether this is not in the
language and terms of this section a recogni-
tion of the validity of this ordinance of the
Territory of Utah—here is a provision for its
modification—and whether it does not in terms
and in legal effect treat that ordinance as in
operation, subject however to modification, by
the terms of this section. If polygamy was
legalized from 1851 to 1862, taken io_ connec-
tion with the fact that if it became illegal it
was only constructively so by the operation
of the act of 1862, here comes a provision
treating that ordinance as valid but modifying
it, not repealing it, treating it as valid by pro-
viding that Congress may hereafter further
modify it. If that is the legal effect of this
provision it will make a very curious condition
of affairs out there, and it seems to me that
in any legislation we may adopt on the subject
we ought to take into consideration how far
the institutions of Utah have been sanctioned
by Congress—whether by its direct action or
by its non-action will make no difference so
far as the effect of the law is concerned. It
seems to me it would be hard to say that polyg-
amous marriages from 1851 to 1862 are not
legal and must be so regarded by Congress in
any action that may be taken.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN. My friend will
observe that the bill does not say that they are
not legal.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, the bill does not
say so.
Mr._ FRELINGHUYSEN. Nor does it
affect it one way or the other.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, it may affect it
one way or the other, and that is what I am
going to come to directly, that while the bill
does not deny that those marriages were legal
for twelve years there, and while this provision
in the bill would seem to recognize them as
being legal up to the time of the passage of this
bill by treating that ordinance in that part of
it as being valid, yet in two other sections the
bill does treat them as being illegal.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN. What are they?
Mr. MORTON. I wish tocalltheattention
of my friend to them. As I have no amend-
ment to offer, I am simply calling the atten-
tion of the Senator to the provisions of the
bill. I now call his attention to section
eleven :
"That any woman now or hereafter holding the
relation of spouse or consort, and not that of a law-
ful wife, to any man who at the time cohabits with
another woman as his wife, spouse, or consort, may
file her petition in the district court of the district
in which she resides asking to be discharged from
such relation."
And then it goes on and provides for a
division of the property. Here it is implied
that plural-marriages are legal, and a distinc-
tion is drawn between the lawful wife and the
spouse or consort named in this section. The
bill gives a definition of the words " spouse "
and "consort," as distinguished from "lawful
wife:"
" That any woman now or hereafter holding the
relation of spouse or consort, and not that of a law-
ful wife"—
Now, the word " spouse " does mean a law-
ful wife; the word " consort" doesnot neces-
sarily mean that. Sometimes the word "con-
sort" is used in the sense of lawful husband
or wife, but it means just as well a mere com-
panion a mere associate, and does not imply
lawful marriage as the word " spouse " does.
The definition given by the bill to both words
is that they are not lawful wives, because it
distinguishes between the " lawful wife " and
the " spouse or consort"—
"That any woman now or hereafter holding the
relation of spouse, or consort, and notthat of a law-
ful wife, to any man who at the time cohabits with
another woman as his wife, spouse, or consort, may
file her petition in the district court, " &o.
Now 1 call the attention of the Senate to
another fact in connection with this section.
Under the operation of this section, persons
living in open and notorious adultery, without
any pretense of marriage, have a right to
avail themselves of the section. It is not con-
fined to a case where a man has a lawful wife,
but the right is given to a woman who is living
in open adultery, provided the man has an-
other woman living in open adultery with him.
The Senator will mark the language, first
giving this right to the spouse or consort 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It does not
occur to me that that would be a great evil any
way, if it did.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator mean to
say that ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
any fair construction of the statute would make
it apply to the case which the honorable Sen-
ator has supposed, but if it did apply to it, I
say it would be no evil that a woman living in
that relation should be discharged from it.
Mr. MORTON. It might be a very serious
evil. A woman occupying that relation may
have no right morally or in any other way,
and if the man has two women occupying that
relation they have still less right, and he may
have children, or those who will be entitled
to his property. Sir, you would not dare to
propose a law of that kind in any State in this
Union. It would not be derated for a moment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What law ? I
do not understand the Senator.
Mr. MORTON. Making it applicable to
women living in adultery, where there is no
lawful wife, requiring a man's property to be
divided among them. You would not dare to
do that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That was not
my purpose. You did not understand me.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Indi-
ana will pardon me. I and others are listen-
ing with the greatest attention to everything
that he says, but we are not fortunate enough
to hear the great part of it.
Mr. MORTON. I was endeavoring to show
that while polygamy has been sanctioned and
made legal for twelve years by the action or
non-action of Congress, and while the pro-
visions of the twenty-eighth section of this bill
apparently recognizes the ordinance of Utah
of 1851 as still being valid in that particular,
the eleventh section would seem to treat all
polygamous marriages as being invalid, and to
treat the plural wife as a " spouse" or "con-
sort," but at the same time by its terms defines
a "spouse" or "consort" as not being the
"lawful wife," and then goes on to say that
such spouse or consort, not being the lawful
wife, may file her bill against the man with
whom she is living—the man who is living with
another spouse or consort, not necessarily even
a wife ; so that this bill may give a right to
bring about a division of property in a case
where there is no lawful wife at all, and where
both women are simply living in adultery.
That is the legal effect of it, and I say no law
of that kind would be tolerated in any State in
this Union.
Mr. CASSERLY. If tbe Senator will allow
me—probably he has stated it already, though
I did not hear him—the effect of that would
be to bastardize the children.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. It treats them
as not lawful wives, defines "spouse" or
"consort" as not the lawful wife, and pro-
vides that one consort may bring suit against
a man who is living with another consort,
leaving out the term '' lawful wife." It makes
it applicable to a case where there is no lawful
wife at all.
Mr. THURMAN. It gives a concubine the
same right.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; it gives a con-
cubine the same right. I think therefore that
section is defective.
Now I call the attention of my friend from
New Jersey to the beginning of- the tenth sec-
tion :
That whenever any future marriage in said Ter-
