1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
ritory shall rest solely on the contract of the parties
followed by cohabitation, in all prosecutions for
bimmiy, polygamy, or adultery, it shall not be
necessary to prove either the first or subsequent
marriage, &c.
I suggest to the Senator that the first clause
of that sentence does not describe a Mormon
polygamous marriage at all. They do not
depend solely upon contract and cohabitation ;
but they depend upon the ordinances of the
church ; they are solemnized by church cere-
monies. It is not the case of a man and
woman simply agreeing that they will be
husband and wife, living together. This
section describes such a ease; but that does
not describe a Mormon polygamous marriage,
because those marriages are regulated by the
ordinances of the church, and are celebrated
by the ceremonies and in accordance with the
ordinances of the church ; and therefore I do
not think the section carries out what the Sen-
ator from New Jersey desires, and what it
should carry out. in my judgment. I agree to
that section, if it is properly worded. It ap-
plies to future polygamous marriages, and not
to those ill the past, and I think that is right.
I am not in favor of disturbing existing rela-
tions there. I think there is no Christianity,
I think there is no humanity in doing that, be-
cause it cannot be doubted that the mass of
the plural wives in Utah believe they are hon-
estly married, and the mo,st of them are sin-
cere and good women, and there is no Chris-
tianity in breaking up their relations, turning
them out to beggary, and bastardizing their
children.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senator from
New Jersey, who has charge of the bill,
whether he has any objection to the substitute
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
being considered as the original bill; so as to
allow amendments in the second degree to it?
That will facilitate it very much.
Mr. FKEL1NGHDYSEN. I believe it is
a Senate bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course is
often pursued where bills are Senate bills.
Mr. FRELINUHUY'SEN. I have no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the original bill will be regarded as
abandoned, and the amendment of the com-
mittee will be treated as the original bill, so
as to be open to amendment, and to amend-
ments to amendments,
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I withdraw my
motion to recommit, and will endeavor to per-
fect the bill in the Senate, though I would a
great deal rather have it done in committee.
1 move to insert in section seven, after the
word " marshal," in the fourth line, these
words: " and three jury commissioners, who
shall be chosen by the General Assembly of
said Territory;" so that if amended it will
read:
That whenever a judge of any district court of
said Territory shall determine that a grand or petit
jury will be needed at a term of such court, the
said judge, the clerk of such court, and the United
State* marshal, and three jury commissioners, who
shall be chosen by the General Assembly of said
Territory, shall without regard, &e.—
Make out the list.
Then, in order to meet the present emer-
gency, if this bill is to go into effect, inasmuch
as the General Assembly will not meet until
next winter, it will be necessary to amend the
same section in line thirteen, after the word
"court," by adding these words:
Bui until such jury commissioners shall be chosen
by ihe A-s.-mbly, the listof jurors shall bo made up
by said judge, clerk, and marshal.
These two amendments would remove one
of the most serious objections, that I have to
thk bill.
Mr. KHELINGHUYSEN. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out "three'1
and inserting "I wo." My objection to the
appointment by the Legislature of the Terri-
tory of three selectmen, or commissioners,
whatever Ihev are tinned, lor ibis purpose is
that it would occasion a deadlock. Here
would be the marshal and the clerk and the
judge, as we are supposing, in one interest,
and three selectmen representing another in-
terest, coming to a dead lock in their selec-
tions. I propose, therefore, to amend the
amendment by making the number two,' be-
cause I do think that the Senate of the United
States may assume that one of these three
officers, either the judge whom they appoint,
or the marshal, or the clerk, will have prin-
ciple enough not to violate an open and plain
law of the Government. That is my reason
for my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend section seven by
providing three commissioners to be appointed
by the General Assembly of the Territory, and
the Senator from New Jersey moves to amend
the amendment by striking out "three" and
inserting "two."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wanted to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey before
he sat down in reference to this suggestion.
I do not propose to discuss the bill at all, but
in establishing a board to select this jury, does
he not think it would be advisable to discon-
nect the court entirely from it? The object
of a jury is entirely defeated and a jury trial
goes for naught if the judge selects the jury.
Would it not be better to substitute the Gover-
nor of the Territory, and let the Governor act
in conjunction with the clerk and marshal,
and then take the two other commissioners?
It seems to me very objectionable to have the
court select the jury. I merely move the sug-
gestion. I am not going to make an amend-
ment; hut I think it is objectionable to have
the officers of the court seleet the jurv.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This selection
by the judge can only very remotely be called
a selection by the court. He selects, in con-
junction with four other persons, two hundred
men, and after that it is all determined by lot.
Mr. TRUMBULIj. If the Senator will
allow me, the clerk and marshal are really
subordinate officers of the court and very apt
to be influenced by the judge himself, and I
do not see any particular necessity for such a
provision.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not see
any serious objection to it, if Senators think
that is a better tribunal to select a jury, and I
have no objection to accepting the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey states that he has no objec-
tion to the amendment to insert the word
"Governor" instead of "judge," and if there
be no objection that amendment will be re-
garded as agreed to.
Several Skxators. No, no.
Mr. FRELINGHYSEN. I say personally
I have no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reserved
then, because an amendment to an amend-
ment is now before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. We ought to think awhile
before we substitute the Governor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, to reduce the number of commissioners
to two.
charges against hos. powell clayton.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report from a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it if there be no objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. In making this report I
ask the indulgence of the Senate while I say
one word m explanation of the length of time
that has been taken.
I present the report of the select committee
appointed in January, a little more than a
year ago, to inquire into certain charges
against Hon. Powell Clayio.v, a Senator
from the Slate of Arkansas. In view of the
length of time since the appointment ot the
committee, I think it due to the committee
and the Senate, if not to the country, that I
should make a word of explanation.
We entered on the discharge of our duties
immediately after our appointment. We de-
voted from two to four hours each day to the
investigation. The testimony was closed near
the close of the last session of Congress, but
at so late a day in the session that it was
utterly impossible for as to examine the testi-
mony and make what would be denominated
a final report. We did at that time make what
was denominated a partial report. Imme-
diately upon the commencement of the present
session the committee was continued.
As a reason why we were unable to make a
final report at that time, I make this explana-
tion : Witnesses were called here from the
State of Arkansas, and it was claimed on the
part of those prosecuting Senator Clayton
that they could show that there was a con-
spiracy or a confederacy between the Senator
and certain other parties named, and that if
they established such conspiracy they were
justified in proving what all these other per-
song said for the purpose of binding and con-
cluding the Senator. It was objected that such
testimony was not admissible until such con-
spiracy was shown. In many instances, how-
ever, witnesses were here from a distance,
and it was claimed that unless we took the
testimony in advance of the establishment of
such a conspiracy, receiving it conditionally,
these witnesses must either return home and
be again brought here or be kept here at great
expense. This testimony was therefore re-
ceived conditionally, it being understood that
the committee would examine the testimony
afterward and determine what testimony under
the rule claimed by the prosecution and denied
by the defense was thus admissible. It will
thus be seen that it devolved the duty on the
committee of examining all the testimony for
the purpose of determining what was admis-
sible and what was not admissible under the
rule.
Being unable to examine all the testimony
before the last session of Congress adjourned,
we made a partial report. Immediatety on
our reappointmen t at this session we entered on
the discharge of this duty and have examined
this entire testimony for the purpose of de-
termining what was admissible and what was
not. This has necessarily taken days and
weeks, and only now have we concluded the
examination of such testimony, and determined
what was admissible under the rule thus
established. Having thus concluded our
labors in examining testimony, lam instructed
by a majority of the committee to make the
report I now send up to the desk.
The Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Norwood,]
who differs from the majority on some of the
points discussed, is not prepared at present to
submit a minority report, and he asks leave to
do so on to-morrow, or perhaps the next day.
I submit the majority report, and ask that it
be printed with the accompanying testimony,
and that the Senator from Georgia have leave
to submit the minority views to-morrow or
' next dav, if they shall then be ready.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
j from Iowa, from the select committee ap-
I pointed to investigate matters connected with
| the election of the Senator from Arkansas,
| [Mr. Clayton,] makes a majoiiiy report with
j the evidence, and asks consent that the rainor-
! ity of the committee, the Senator irom Geor-
i gia, [Mr. Norwood,] may present his views
I on this subject, to be printed wi>h the majority
■ report and the evidence. Is there objection ?
j The Chair hears none, and it is so ordered,
j Does the report conclude with any resolution
1 demanding the action of the Senate?
Mr. WRIGHT. It, does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be lead fin information.
Tbe Chief Cimk read as follow*:
!!, ,,,'v < That the ckm:"? made and referrrd to
the seieet committee, afteeiius the official char-
