1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
pay and allowances withheld from him by
sentence of court-martial, and subsequently
ordered to be paid him by command of Brevet
Major General liuger.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Logan on the 14th instant:
Walter J. Lee, late second lieutenant company D,
twenty-eighth regiment Michigan volunteers, was
commissioned and mustered in September 22, 18&J,
having previously been honorably discharged from
first regiment Michigan sharpshooters. He served
as such officer until March 10, 1865, when ho was
placed under arrest for disobedience, tried by court-
martial April 3,1865, and found guilty. Before sen-
tence, was released from arrest, returned to duty, and,
May 18, I860, promoted to be first lieutenant but not
mustered in. On the 10th August, 1865, by General
Order No. 99, he was sentenced to be cashiered and
to forfeit all pay and allowance duo or to accrue.
By General Order No. 126, same date, the forfeiture
ot pay, Ax., was remitted by order of General Ruger.
Application has been made to the War Department,
but the decision of the Adjutant General is that an
executed sentence cannot be remitted ; hence, order
No. 126 was of no legal force. He applies to Congress
for relief, that he may receive the pay and allowance
due him as such officer.
Committee report favorably and recommend the
passage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed over.
P. BANNING AND B. D. WILSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1310) to restore certain property to
Phineas Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson ;
which was read. The preamble recites that
Phineas Banning conveyed to the United
States of America, by deeds dated October 31,
1863, and February 28, 1865, certain lands in
the town of Wilmington, or New San Pedro,
in the county of Los Angeles, State of Califor-
nia, and that Phineas Banning and Benjamin
D. Wilson conveyed to the United States, by
deed dated February 12, 1864, certain other
lands in that town, the sole and only condition
of which was that those lands should be used
and occupied by the United States Government
as a military post and a military storehouse
and barracks ; and that the premises have been
abandoned by the United States, and are not
devoted or at all necessary to any public use.
The bill therefore provides that there be, and is
hereby, reconveyed and quit-claimed to Phin-
eas Banning and to Banning and Wilson cer-
tain pieces of land situate in the town of Wil-
mington, which are specifically described.
The Committee 011 Military Affairs reported
an amendment, to insert as a new section the
following:
Sec. 3. That the surrender of said rremises shall
not be made by the United State? to Phineas Ban-
ning ami Benjamin 1). Wilson until the Secretary
of War shall have disposed of the buildings thereon;
and the Secretary of War is authorized to remove
said buildings, or to sell the same as shall be most
for the interest of theUnited States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Louisiana who reported this bill
how much the United States paid these gen-
tlemen for all this real estate?
Mr. WEST. If the Senator had paid at-
tention to the preamble, or will notice the bill
ho has in his hands, he will find that the parties
conveyed this property to the United States
for the nominal consideration of one dollar.
The I'nited States commenced using it in
1802 for the accommodation of troops, and
now, having nofurther occasion font, the Sec-
retary of War, in the. papers accompanying
the hill, states that there is no objection to
restoring it again to these parties, who origin-
ally granted it for the accommodation of the
United States for the consideration of one
dollar. , ,
Mr. EDM UNDS. I should like to hear the
report of the Secretary of War read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re-
port will be read.
Mr. WKKillT. I wish to make a sugges-
tion while the Secretary is looking tor that
report. It occurs to me that this bill is not
consistent with itself. The first section con-
templates a grant in presenti, and the bill
itself makes a grant. The last section, as
reported by the committee, makes it upon con-
dition. It seems to me for that reason it is
inconsistent with itself, and it would be well
for the committee to take it in consideration
and examine it again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move that the bill be recommitted ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I make that motion.
Mr. C ASSERL Y. If the Senator will allow
me a word, his objection is unanswerable, I
think, unless upon the whole construction of
the act taken together it is obviated; but I
suggest to him that a few words in section
three will cover the difficulty. Let it read
"but this act shall not take effect, and the
surrender of said premises shall not be made
until"—so and so. That prevents the act
taking any effect unless what is provided to be
done in section three shall be done. As I
am on my feet, I will state that these two gen-
tlemen, prompted by the most commendable
motives, gave the United States this land as
the most convenient place for the disembarka-
tion and embarkation of troops and supplies
in the early days of the war. The necessity
of it to the Government for that purpose has
ceased long ago. I understand that the Sec-
retary of War is of that opinion, and has no
objection to the passage of this bill.
The PRESIDENT^) tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, which
is the unfinished business of yesterday—the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
SOUTHERN CREDITORS.
Mr. SCOTT. I destre to have a bill con-
sidered which was objected to. The character
of the bill was not understood, and that was
the reason it was objected to. It is Senate
bill No. 160, relative to claims of certain
northern creditors. The debts due by south-
ern debtors to northern creditors were con-
fiscated, and some proceeds thereof paid into
the banks in New Orleans, and the money was
captured at the time of the capture of that
city, and went into the United States Treasury.
This is a bill which authorizes northern cred-
itors to go into the Court of Claims and recover
their proportion of that money by showing
their debts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is on the Calendar. It was not indefinitely
postponed, but its present consideraiion was
I objected to.
I Mr. SCOTT. But I wish it to take its place
| on the Calendar again. I do not think its
; character was understood,
j Mr. EDMUNDS. It will have to be dis-
! cussed.
i Mr. SCOTT. Very well; let it go.
! tob CCRUEXCr.
| Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
I now, pending the appropriation bill, that after
j it is disposed of, and atter the Senator from
I Nevada [Mr. Nye] has had the opportunity
I of presenting his views on the subject, which
i he alluded to yesterday; I will, it possible,
move to take up some one of the propositions
in regard to the currency: and I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the pressing
nature of that question, so that they may un-
derstand beforehand, what I propose to do, so
that they may bo able to decide
There is now a law on the statute-book that
requires the Comptroller of the Currency to
remove twenty-five millions ofcirculation trom
the eastern to tho western States, and the
Comptroller announces that he finds it im-
practicable, but he is compelled to execute the
law. That matter requires action. There is
also a resolution affecting the power of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reissue torty-foar
millions of retired notes. There is also the
bill reported from the Committee on Finance
the other day, which covers the whole ground
of currency and resumption of specie pay-
ments.
It is indispensably necessary that Congress
should take some action on the question of
the currency, and I trust therefore Senators
will feel, from the importance of the subject
and the pressing necessity of acting on it at
this session in some direction, that the matter
should be taken up immediately after this
appropriation bill is over, so as not to interfere
with the appropriation bills. I do notwish to
urge Senators as to any particular bill, but it
is necessary for the Senate to take its position
on the subject very soon. I trust that after
this bill is through the Senate will take up that
subject and dispose of the question upon one
or the other of the bills now pending, and I
will make an effort, as soon as the Senator
from Nevada is through with his remarks on
the steamship bill, to get the attention of the
Senate to that subject next week.
The Vice President resumed the chair.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhekson, its clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 3258) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic service of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending Jane 30, 1874,
and for other purposes; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2264) to author-
ize the Cattaraugus and Alleghany Indians in
New York to lease lands and confirm leases,
requested a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. J. P. C. Shanks of Indiana, Mr. W. L.
Sessions of New York, and Mr. William
McClelland of Pennsylvania, managers at
the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2443) granting a pension
to Wesley Hensley:
A bill (H. R. No. 2435) granting a pension
to Ann C. Butler;
A bill (H. R. No. 2442) granting a pension
to Charles B. Fairchild;
A bill (H. R. No. 2445) granting a pension
to Susan Schofield ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2416) granting a pension
to Benjamin Clark ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2904) for the relief of
George Reber;
A bill (H. R. No. 2467) grantiug a pension
to Aidy A. Autry ;
| A bill (H. R. No. 2447) granting a pension
! to Sarah Reynolds ;
A bill (U. R. No. 2449) granting a pension
to Mary H. Bartlett;
A bill (H. II. No. 2451) granting a pension
_ to John Oliver, Louisa Oliver, Robert Oliver,
I! and Martha A. Oliver ;
l| A bill (H. R. No. 2455) granting a pension
|j to Jerome E. Pampeli;
I1 A bill (II. R. No. 2870) to authorize the
!' President to appoint Frederick E, Upton, of
j Bath, Maine, a master in the Navy of the
l! United Suites; and
|! A bill (H. R. No. 2*64) making an appro-
'! priation for the erection of a marine hospital
Jj at San Francisco.
ij legislative, etc , appropriation bill,
i; The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
>' resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
I; No. 2!t01) making appropriations for the legis-
I; lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
1' Government for the year ending June 30, 1874,
I! and for other purposes,
j! Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Is it in order
ll now to move an amendment to the bill?
