826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
amendment pending. The Senator from New
Jersey is in order.
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. On page 14,
line three hundred and twenty-two, I offer an
amendment which has been submitted to the
Committee on Appropriations. There are
employed at the Executive Mansion two night-
watch men that this bill provides for at a salary
of $900 each. One of those night-watchmen
is' detailed as an usher, and of course has to
be a man of a different address and dress from
a niere night-watchman. My amendment pro-
poses to make his pay $1,200; it is an increase
of $800.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theamendment
of,the Senator from New Jersey will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
change line three hundred and twenty-two so
as to make it read, " for one night-watchman
at the President's House $900, and one usher
$1,200."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That increases
one of them.
. Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. That increases
one of them to $1,200 instead of $900.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. COLE. On page 55, line thirteen hun-
dred and forty-nine, I wish to move to recon-
sider the vote on the amendment in that line
and to ask that it be not concurred in for
the reason that the amendment was proposed
in consequence of an oversight on the part of
the Committee on Appropriations. There
was really an appropriation last year for that
service of $4,000, but it was appropriated in
two places ; in one act, the act correspond-
ing to this, for the legislative and judicial ex-
penses, $3,000 were appropriated, and in the
sundry civil bill a thousand dollars more were
appropriated for that specific purpose—clerks
in the office of the surveyor general of Ari-
zona. For that reason I move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was adopted
reducing that appropriation from $4,000 to
$8,000, and ask that it be not concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment indicated by him was
•adopted.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment on page 55, striking
out $4,000 and inserting $3,000, as the amount
appropriated for clcrks in the office of the
surveyor general of Arizona Territory.
The amendment was rejected.
" Mr. SAWYER. I have an amendment,
which 1 am directed to offer by the Committee
oh Appropriations. In line fifty-eight, page
8, X move to strike out the word "two"
where it occurs the second time and insert
"Ave;" so as to read, "clerk of printing rec-
ords, $2,520." This was submitted to the
Committee mi Printing and the Committee
on Appropriations, and indorsed by both com-
mittees.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POOL. I propose to amend the bill on
page 35, at the end of line eight huudred and
thirty-bix, by inserting the following:
Branch mint atCharlotte, North Carolina:
Salaries, branch mint, Charlotte, North Carolina:
assayor. $1,500.
Wages of workmen,branch mint, Charlotte, North
Carolina: assistant assayor, $1,200: fireman, laborer
man of all work, $292.
T,TCoAti<?sen,!' «xKfu!ics, branch mint, Charlotte,
North Carolina: charcoal, fuel, lights, acids, fluxes,
crucibles, freights, postage, books* stationery, mis-
ceilaneous items, repairs of assaying department
and incidental expenses, $1,500. '
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My attention has
not been called to that, but it was not in the
■bill, and there was no communication to the
committee on the subject. I am inclined to
think it was an oversight that the service has
not been provided for ;■ and therefore I do not
object, to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. By the direction of the
committee I offer an amendment on page 3,
line forty-four, to strike out the word "three"
before the word "messengers" and insert
"two and after the word "dollars," in line
thirty-six, on page 2, to insert " acting assist-
ant doorkeeper, $2,160."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 23, at the close of
line five hundred and fifty :
Provided, That $12,500 are hereby appropriated to
be expended in the office of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that mean,
and is it in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair understands
that the amendment comes from a standing
committee, and has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and is therefore in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
explained.
Mr. PRATT. The only explanation I have
of the matter is that appropriations of this
character in this language have been common
heretofore. Such an appropriation was pro-
vided in the appropriation bill of last year.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER. The Chair
will ask the Senator from Indiana if this amend-
ment comes from a standing committee.
Mr. PRATT. It does not. I introduced
the amendment at the suggestion of an officer
connected with the internal revenue.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless it
comes from a standing committee, or is in
pursuance of an estimate from the head of a
Department, or a bill or resolution passed by
the Senate at this session, it is not in order.
Mr. PRATT. I gave notice yesterday that
I would introduce this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It must
come from one of those sources to be in order,
even with that notice. The amendment is
not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have an amendment to
offer which I am sure—at least I am sure I
hope—will meet with no objection. It is to
add at the end of the second section, on page
64 of the bill, these words:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railway company and
its assigns, on account of freights or transportation
? any Kind, fo the amount of any payments made
i7 fh°,ynitM-.Siates for interest upon bonds of the
United States issued to any such company, and which
snail not have been reimbursed.
Mr. STEWART. Does that come from any
committee?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; it comes from
the Senator from Vermont, of his own free
will and accord.
Mr. STEWART. Is the amendment in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. Upon
what ground does the Senator raise the ques-
tion ?
Mr. STEWART. It is legislation on an
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
rule that forbids it.
Mr. STEWART. This subject has been
frequently discussed here, and there was an act
passed requiring the Department to pay over
this money, after a considerable discussion,
and upon a report of the Judiciary Commit-
tee. Now, this is a direction to the Secretary
of the Treasury to withhold that payment.
Certainly if it was due under the former stat-
ute it would not be legitimate to withhold it
now. The Committee on the Judiciary re-
ported that it was due, and the Secretary of
the Treasury was directed by an act of Con-
gress to pay it over. This question has been
before the Senate several times, and it has
been discussed at great length each time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate on this little matter,
and I ought to apologize for proposing the
amendment, because it relates to our dealings
with railways, and I do not belong to any rail-
way committee, but under the circumstances
I think I shall stick to it.
The case is this: these companies having
our bonds have had us pay the interest upon
them to the extent of a good many millions
of dollars. I am sorry 1 have not the last
statementof the public debt to read from about
it, while at the same time we are paying them
one half theamount of all the military, postal,
and freight transportation, quartermaster's
supplies, and everything else which they do
for us. If it were an affair between private
people, that would be looked upon as extra-
ordinary indeed.
Mr. COLE. When the Government built
the road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When the Government
built the road, as my friend suggests, in addi-
tion to that and provided all the credit and
almost all the money to do it. I tried to have
this thing corrected three or four years ago,
in 1868 or 1869, hut the Senate declined to
accept that view of it. It was represented at
that time that these companies were in great
distress, that they would break down, and
that the Government would be involved in
ruin with the companies in a financial point
of view in being obliged to take the roads and
keep them up, and all that. It was also stated
by a report from the Judiciary Committee
that these companies had a legal right to one
half of this freight, and that we had not a
legal right, in the opinion of the committee,
to retain it. I did not agree with that view,
aud tried as hard as I was able to persuade the
Senate that the law was on the side of the Treas-
ury intoat respect. But putting the law of the
committee and the sympathy of the Senate to-
gether in respect to the crippled conditions of
these roads, as it was then represented, this
section which it is now proposed to repeal as
it stands in the print at the end of this bill,
the ninth section of the Army appropriation
act of March 3, 1871, was passed, which re-
quired the Secretary of the Treasury, who,
through the advice of the law officers of the
executive department of the Government,
had withheld this money upon the ground that
it was his right and his duty to withhold it, to
pay it over to them. Of course, he obeyed the
law and has paid it over.
Now we have reached a time when the
question of the relations between the United
States and these companies is coming into
public notice, as it ought to have come long
ago, and the relations of these companies
toward Congress and toward the Department in
respect to what has become of the vast amount
of money which the Government has contrib-
uted to these undertakings are coming to a
point where there must be a decision of these
questions. Therefore, in order to raise a
question which will enable these companies if
they are legally right to enforce their rights,
and which will enable us if we are legally
right to protect the Treasury of the United
States to the extent of this little pittance of
freights and to apply it upon this great balance
of interest, we ought to provide that the Treas-
ury of the United States shall withhold pay-
ment for this transportation.
What then? Then if these companies do
not believe that the law and the charter iustiiy
that, they can bring their action in the*Court
of Claims; the cause can be advanced; and
the very next winter you can have from the
Supreme Court of the United States a determ-
ination as to what the legal rights of these
companies are in respect to this half trans-
portation and what our legal rights are in
respect to the set-off which it is desirable to
make if we can lawfully do it against the
enormous amount of interest we are paying-
out for them. r J b
The amendment that I propose does not
undertake to decide any question as to their
