828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
States, wholly or in part, in the same or other bonds,
Treasury notes, or other evidences of debt against
the United States, to be allowed at par; and after
said road is completed, until said bonds and inter-
est are paid, at least five per cent, of the net earn-
ings of said road shall be annually applied to the
payment thereof/'
In other words, the preceding section, in saying
that a mortgage shall be created to secure payment
'* as hereinafter provided," and that the Secretary
may seize the road if the company shall make de-
fault in redeeming*' the bonds, or any partofthem,"
"in accordance with the provisions of this act,"
refers to the sixth section, which declares when
and how the payment, secured by the mortgage,
shall be made, and how the bonds shall be redeemed.
Turning to that section, we read as follows: "1.
Said company shall pay said bonds at maturity;"
that is. said company shall pay said bonds in thirty
years from their date; because then the bonds ma-
ture. Ia common speech and in legal language a
bond matures when the principal or some part of it
falls due. A coupon bond is not matured, or past
due, when its first coupon is due. A bond with
overdue coupons attached, if the principal sum be
not due, is still a negotiable instrument. And the
statute of limitations does not begin to run even
upon the first poupon until the bond itself—that is,
the principal sum secured by the bond—becomes due.
There is, therefore, no analogy between such a bond
and a note or contract where the principal sum is
payable by installments. (City vs. Lainson, 9 Wall.,
477.)
When, therefore, an act of Congress refers to the
maturity of a bona, it must be construed to mean
the time when the principal sum secured by the
bond falls due. This would be the legal effect of a
collateral undertaking by A to pay to B the amount
of Cs bond, if 0 failed to pay it at its maturity. It
could mean nothing else, because the bond does not
mature until the principal sum falls due.
It is well settled, in regard to coupon bonds, that
the bond itself secures the payment of both prin-
cipal and interest, according to the provisions of the
bond. The coupon is a mere contrivance to furnish
convenient evidence of the payment of interest on
the bond, without marring the bond by indorse-
ment of such paymont. As between the United
States and the holders of theso bonds, the coupon
maybe held by one and the bond by another; the
payment of the coupon satisfies the interest on the
bond to that extent, and the holder of a coupon
from a bond issued by a suable corporation may
bring an action on the coupon itself. In such case
his declaration may count upon the coupon only,
and he may recover, although he is not the holder
of tho bond itself. This is one of the anomalies
brought into the law oy this new class of securities.
To quote from the case cited:
/'The coupon is not an independent instrument,
like a promissory note for a sum of money, but is
given for interest thereafter to become duo upon
the bond, which interest is parcel of the bond, and
partakes of its nature; and the bond, being of a
highor security than a simple contract debt, is not
barred by lapse of time short of twenty years; and,
as we have seen, this contemporaneous coupon does
not operate as an extinguishment of tho interest,
unless there has been an express agreement to that
effect. These coupons are, substantially, but copies
from the body ol tho bond in respect to tho interest,
fend, as is well known, stre given to the holder of the
bond for the purpose, first, of enabling him to col-
lect the interest at tiie timo and place mentioned
without the trouble ot presenting tho bond every
timo it bccomes due; and, second, to euable the
holder to realize tho interest due, or to become duo,
by negotiating the coupons to the bearer in business
transactions, on whom tho duty of collecting thom
devolves. This device affords great convemenoo to
ail persons dealing in theso securities; especially to
tho holders in ioroign countries, who otherwise
would be obliged to forward tho bond to tho place
ol payment ol tho interest each time it became due,
or trust them to the hands of their correspondents
in the country where the payment is made."
What is true of a coupon bond would be tiue of a
registered bond, as the bonds issued in aid of this
road are understood to have been.
Thereforothe provision "said company shall pay
said bonds" binds the company to pay not only the
principal sum, but the interest thereon. Butwhen
is the company to make this payment of principal
and interest? By the express language before
quoted from the act," said company shall pay said
bonds at maturity." That is, at tho maturity of tbe
bonds the company shall pay ail that the bonds call
for; or, in yet other words, in thirty years from the
date oi the bonds the company shall pay to the Uni-
ted States the principal and interest represented by
the bonds. Had it been the intention ot Congress to
require the company to pay the interest as it should
become due the act should have read, "said com-
pany shall pay said bonds at maturity, and the in-
terest thereon as it shall become due."
It may be said that the company being required
to pay the bonds at maturity, and the bonds them-
selves calling for payment of interest, tho bond
must be considered to be matured to the extent
of the coupon past due. But this has before been
shown to be unsound. If, when a year's interest
falls due, tho bond could be considered as matured
pro tanto, then of course the statute of limitations
would commence running upon the bond in so far
asit represents such interest, which, as already seen,
is not the case. The word "maturity" relates only
to the principal sum. This is the law even in rela-
tion to promissory notes. A note payable in twenty
years, with interest payable annually, is not barred
by the statute of limitations as to any part of the
interest until six years after the principal sum
falls due. , _
This view is consistent with, if not strengthened
by, the phraseology of the fifth section, which creates
a mortgage to secure the repayment of the bonds,
" together with all interest thereon which shall have
been paid by the United States." Which shall have
been paid—when ? Manifestly at tbe time when the
company is compelled to pay the bonds. Had it
been intended to compel the company to pay the in-
terest on the bonds as it should become due, the
most natural phraseology to express that intention
would have been this: " The mortgage shall secure
the repayment of said bonds, together with all inter-
est thereon, as the same shall become due." But
the phrase is, "together with all interest thereon
which shall have been paid bythe United States,"
which seems to imply that the United States were
first to pay tho interest, as they were bound to by
their bonds, and that the company must repay it at
the maturity of the bonds.
The judicial courts, in deciding causes between
private parties involving the construction of a stat-
ute, expressed in language so plain as to leave no
room for doubt as to its meaning, will not look to
extrinsic facts or circumstances to enlarge or restrict
such statute. In other words, the court will not go
outside thestatute to raise a doubt, but will simply
obey the law. (Bldridge vs. Williams, 3 How., 1.)
It is questionable, however, whether in a case like
this, where the Government by its legislation has
encouraged the investment of capital in a work of
national importance, it would be quite honest or
becoming the dignity of the Government to shelter
itself behind this technical rule of judicial construc-
tion. The stockholders of this company might well
say that they understood these acts as they were
understood by the two Houses of Congress at the
time of their passage. It would be rather harsh
treatment to twistoutof these acts, by refinement of
criticism, a construction unfavorable to the com-
pany, and directly opposed to what everybody in
Congress and out of it understood to be their mean-
ing at the time they were passed and tho money in
vested. But however this may be, there is ambi-
guity enough surrounding this act to take it out of
the judicial rule before mentioned, and to place it
in that class of cases as to which even the judicial
courts seek the aid of extraneous circumstances.
The act is very carelessly drawn. By a literal
construction the Government was only bound ^to
issue its bonds for one section of forty consecutive
miles. The fourth section, embodying the grant of
lands, provides how patents shall be issued for the
first section of forty miles, and then adds:
" And patents shall in like manner issue as each
forty miles of said railroad and .telegrapn line are
completed, upon certificate of said commissioners."
But this most important provision is wholly omit-
ted in the fifth scction, which provides for the issue
of bonds to the company, as follows: " That for the
purposes herein mentioned, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall,upon the certificato in writing of said
commissioners of the completion and equipment of
forty consecutive miles of said road and telegraph,
in accordance with the provisions of this act, issue
to said company bonds of he United States of $l,00f
each." * * * "to the amount of six
teen of said bonds per mile for such section of forty
miles." And there the provision stop?, without au-
thorizing an issuo of bonds on the completion of any
othersection of said road. A strict construction of
this act, and one far more reasonable than that
which the Secretary of tho Treasury now gives to
the law in relation to services performed by the
company for the Government, would make it diffi-
cult to justify that Department tor having delivered
bonds to tho company, except for one section of
forty miles, without resorting toother acts, which
have probably cured this defect in the first act.
Assuming, then, that it is proper in this case to
search for tho meaning of this act outside its lan-
guage, the proceedings in Congress will be found
entirely conclusive. While the bill was before the
Senate, Mr. Collamer, who had evidently scanned it
with a professional eye, and whose opinion upon
the proper construction of an act is respectable
authority, moved to strike out in the fifth section
the words as hereinafter provided," and also tbe
words 4 when required so to do by the Secretary of
the Treasury, in accordance with the provisions of
this act;" and in support of his amendment, which
probably would have made the bill what it is now
claimed to be, a bill imposing an absolute obliga-
tion upon the company to pay the principal of these
bonds, and the interest as it accrued in money he
said:
"This bill carries the idea, and in this section pro-
vides for the repayment of this loan, as gentlemen
call it. In a subsequent section it is provided that
the^ payment shall be made in the carrying of the
mails, supplies, and military stores for the Govern-
ment at fair prices, and also that five per cent, of
the net proceeds or gains shall be set apart for the
Government. That is all the provision there is in
the bill for the payment. There is a security
attempted to be given in this section. It provides
beginning at the thirteenth line: 'And to secure
the repayment to the United State, as hereinafter
provided, of the amount of said bonds so issued and
delivered to said company, together with all interest
thereon which shall have been paid by the United
bfcates, there shall be a lien on the line of the road.'
J-ne language is 'as hereinafter provided.' The
only provision is setting apart five per cent, of the
net proceeds. So that, if you leave in these words,
you have really nothing as a security for your bonds
unless you get your pay in the carrying of the mails,
&o., and if you do not got that servico it soes for
nothing, The repayment is to be as 'hereinafter
provided,'and the subsequent provision is foi car-
rying the mails and Government supplies. _
" Then in the next clause of tho section it is pro-
vided: 'And on the refusal or iailure of sai<l com-
pany to redeem said bonds, or any part of them,
when required to do so by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in accordance with the provisions of this act,
the said road shall be forfeitedthat is to say, if
they do not carry the Government freight and set
apart the five per cent., then, indeed, you may take
the road when it is ascertained not to be good for
anything. But there is no provision here that you
shall have your bonds repaid if the road goes into
successful operation. There is no provision that tho
Government shall ever have pay m any other way
than by carrying its freight and mails and the five
per cent, of the net proceeds, Now this should be
what it purports to be: a security for the repayment
of the loan if the roads shall be a successful opera-
tion. I want no duplicity about it. My motion is
to strike out, in the fourteenth line of the section,
the words 'as hereinafter provided/ and in the
twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, and twenty-sixth lines
the words ' when required so to do by the Secretary
of the Treasury in accordance with the provisions
of this act.'"—Congressional Globe, June 19, 1862,
page 2813.
This amendment was agreed to. But Mr. Wil-
son, of Massachusetts, subsequently moved to re-
consider the vote by which these amendments to
the bill were made, and the whole subject was again
discussed. Mr. Collamer maintained the necessity
of his amendments, while other Senators main-
tained that the amendments would defeat the build-
ing of the road. On the 20th of June the Senate
resumed the consideration of Mr. Wilson's motion,
and it was agreed to; after which Mr. Collamer
withdrew his amendments, and Mr. Oiark, of New
Hampshire, offered an amendment, which was
agreed to, so that the bill should read in the sixth
section, " that the grants aforesaid are made upon
condition that said company shall paysaid bonds at
maturity." Prior to this amendment the section
read as follows: " that the grants aforesaid are made
upon condition that said company shall keep said
railroad and telegraph line in repair and use," &c.
As the section originally read, it was agreed on all
hands that the company was not bound to pay either
principal or interest of these bonds except in carry-
ing the mails, &c., and the application of five per
cent, of net proceeds. The amendment proposed by
Mr. Clark was to insert after the word company"
the words "shall paysaid bonds at maturity," and
this was the only change effected in the obligation
of tho company. Before this amendment the bill
did not require the company ever to pay anything
except by services and the five per cent, provided for
by the sixth section. After the amendment the
company was bound to pay the bonds at maturity.
The debates in the House aro equally instructive;
and it is apparent that the company was not ex-
pected to pay the interest as it should become due.
It was, indeed, more than hinted that tho company
never would pay anything. Mr. Thaddeus Stevons
vindicated the building of the road by the Govern-
ment upon the ground of its great national import-
ance, and of its value to the country, far exceeding
the cost of its construction. He classified the argu-
ments in favor of the bill under nine heads, one of
which is specially applicable to the subject before
us, and is as follows :
" Fifth. For the first two or three years but few of
the United States bonds will be issued and bear
interest, adding but little to our burdens during this
war. The principal falling due in thirty years will
hardly be felt by the mighty empire which will then
be responsible for it. In the meantime, as the road
progresses, the population, cultivation, and manu-
facturing will so increase and enrich the country
that the added wealth will afford taxation sufficient
to indemnify the nation and pay the interest and
PJ/l?cipa^ bonds."—Congressional Globe. May 5.
1862, page 1949.
But a more conclusive consideration yet remains,
lwo years after the passage of this act the company
came again to Congress and represented its inability
to build this road without yet more favorablo pro-
visions at the hands of Congress, and tho debates in
both Houses, while tho actof 1864 was under consid-
eration cl-carly show that Congress understood the
effect of the act of 1862 to be that beforestated. And
in the fifth section of the actof 1864, for the purpose
ot making more favorable terms to tho compam' it
was among other things, provided as follows:
Only one half of the compensation for services
rendered for the Government by said companies
shall be required to be applied to the payment of tho
bonds issued by the Government in aid of the con-
struction of said roads.
, It isa wel 1 settled rule of construction that statutes
in pan materia'oxe to be construed together, aud
the provisions of one may be referred to for the ex-
planation ot provisions in the other. Bearing in
mind that Congress, by the former act, designed to
encourage investment of capital in this work, and
that the act of 1864, as appears from all of ito pro-
visions, was intended to be yet more favorable to
tne company, the provision above quoted can bo
understood m no other sense than that Congress in-
tended to relieve the company lrom applying more
than half o! the compensation for services to the
payment of bonds, and that the other half should bo
paid to the company, What possible benefit would
this hayo been to the company if tho company was
bound to pay that, and a much larger sum, imme-
diately back to the Government to satisfy accruing
interest on the bonds 1 "
