1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1789
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
that there is the difficulty which my friend
imagines. The word is not "consort;" that
is not the term ; that is not the definition 
Mr. MO ETON. It is the word you used
there.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is one of the
words we use. When you are speaking of
Utah, and speak of a person who holds the
relation of spouse or consort, and not a law-
ful wife, you describe the character of the
person who holds the relation which we all in
our minds know this is applicable to; and you
cannot disconnect one word from that sentence,
but you must take it altogether. It is just
like this case which is put in the law books:
there was in a certain place a statute that it
should be unlawful for a man to draw blood
in the streets, being a statute against assault
and battery. Somebody undertook to say
that under that, if a person fell down in a fit
and a surgeon opened his veins in order to
save him from death, that was drawing blood
in the street; but no rational court would so
construe a law. And when we are speaking
of Utah, and speaking of "spouse or con
sort," and a relation "not that of a lawful
wife," there is no court in the land that will
not know and is not bound by the very ex-
pression to know who is referred to.
Mr. MORTON. I how ask the Senator
again, and I want him to give me his definition
and not give me a jest in reply 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am not under
competitive examination.
Mr. MORTON. As the Senator defines the
word "spouse " as not being a lawful wife, I
ask him what definition he gives to it in the
bill. It is a woman who is not a lawful wife,
according to the definition in the bill; then the
bill as it stands means this in legal effect:
where a man has two concubines, either one
may take him into court, and they may divide
hisproperty. The word " spouse" doesmean
a lawful wife, and would mean that in the
absence of other language here showing that
it is not intended to mean a lawful wife here.
Why? "That any woman now or hereafter
holding the relation of spouse or consort,
and not that of a lawful wife!' may bring suit
against the man who is living with another
consort or spouse, not being a lawful wife:
so that the legal effect of it is that if a man is
living with two women who arfe not his lawful
wives they may take him into court and divide
his property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Would that be a very
bad thing if it were so ? It would not be
thought so in Vermont or in Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to answer the question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Ml'. MORTON. It would be a bad thing,
and there is no country in the civilized world
so far as I know that ever tolerated a law ol
that kind, that women who live in that rela-
tion with a man thereby acquire rights to his
Eroperty as against his children aod as against
is relatives, where they are both in fault and
both in crime. The State of Vermont would
not tolerate such a law. It would be an in-
ducement and a premium for the very thing
Uiat is to be condemned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry that my
friend's sympathy for the man s children does
not exteud to the mother of the children and
the children of the mother, which is the class
of the people we are attempting to provide for.
Of course we can refine by dialectics upon all
the words there are in the dictionary and upon
all the words in the statutes, and the casuists
and the theologians, put lliem together, could
spend (he rest ot the mortal career ol this
earth and be unable lo come to any conclu-
sion 1W to prtusely where the meaning ot a
given word slopped and where it began, but
wti must art iipou principles ot common sense;
and we all perfectly well understand 1 tbuili
we ail do—that any judge who was fit to wear
the ermine would hold that there was no doubt
as to the relation which is here spoken of,
which is not sporadic, which is not criminal
in the Mormon sense, but which is a steady
relation of a plurality of wives, although the
law does not recognize that plurality ; and if
you are desirous of curtailing and breaking up
and wearing out what we have been accus-
tomed to call this " relic of barbarism," as I
think it is, then we must use some language
which will define that sort of people.
My friend is troubled on the score of the
use of the word " consort"—that is merely a
euphemism—or the term "spouse," because
the term "spouse" does not mean a lawful
wife. I do not mean by that to say that rt
means a wife who is not a lawful wife neces-
sarily, but it speaks of the fact, independent
of the question whether in point of law in the
given case the particular spouse has been law-
fully wedded or not. And just so with "con-
sort." "Consort" means wife. They are
mere synonyms such as are adopted in crim-
inal statutes and in remedial statutes, in order
to get away from the technicalities of lawyers
in refining upon the meaning of words, to use
words copious enough to cover the case.
Now, when he comes to use the definition
" companion," which he says a state of adul-
tery may imply, he is entirely mistaken in the
application of the definition. The word "com-
panion" in that sense, in defining the word
"consort," has no relation whatever to the
relations of the sexes ; but it has a relation, as
my friend knows, in admiralty and maritime
jurisprudence, to the relation of one ship
which is the consort of a fleet of merchantmen,
if you please, and takes care that the enemy
does not destroy them. That is what " con-
sort," in the sense of "companion" means.
The word "companion," in defining "con-
sort," has not any relation to the relation that
exists between the sexes, as its first meaning
has. My friend, therefore, has introduced
out of the dictionary a definition of the word
" consort " which applies to things instead of
to people.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. While I was up
I intended also to answer another criticism of
my friend from Indiana on the tenth section,
and he stated that he would be in favor of this
section were it not that it had this defect in it.
It reads:
Whenever any future marriage in this Territory
shall rest solely on the contract of the parties tol-
lowed by cohabitation, in ail prosecutions for big-
amy," &e., " it shulinot be necessary toproveeither
the fir.K or subsequent marriage by the registration
or certificate thereof, or other record evidence, but
the same may be proved by such evidence as is ad-
missible to prove a marriage in civil cases.
The point made by the Senator is that it
does not apply to the condition of things in
Utah, because there marriages do not rest
solely on contract. There I differ with him.
They rest solely on contract. They are con-
trary to law, and they do not exist at all but
by the will of the two people. All the solemn-
ities m the world give them no existence. It
is only the contract and the will of the two
people in violation of law which makes them
marriages, and therefore it does apply.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will suggest some
amendments to this bill, and I do it with some
reluctance because 1 see that the bill is care-
fully prepared, but as they are amendments
that affect particular sections I hope the Senate
will give them reasonable consideration. First
of all, I move to strike out section fifteen.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the words proposed to be stricken
out.
The Chief Clerk read section fifteen, as fol-
lows :
Thatno alien while living in bigamy or polygamy
shall hereafter be admitted to eiti-senship of the
"Cniteu Stales,
Mr. rUUIlUAN. It' this bill is only appli-
cable to the Territory of Utah, as the Senator
from New Jersey says it is, this would be
plainly unconstitutional, because it is not uni-
form; and so I presume this section is intended
to be applicable to all the people of the United
St&t68
Mr.'FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose so.
Mr. SHERMAN. But as_ the title speaks
of the bill as a bill to aid in executing the
laws in Utah, it is doubtful whether the
section would not, in view of the title and the
subsequent words, be held to apply only to
the Territory of Utah.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Snpreme Court of
the United States has decided more than once
that in relation to the Territories the Consti-
tution of the United States does not apply,
and we can pass just as many regulations
about naturalization in the Territories as we
like.
Mr. SHERMAN. I donbt very much whether
when the Constitution declares that all laws
relating to naturalization shall be uniform
throughout the United States, that does not
include not merely the States but the Terri-
tories silso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not what the
Constitution declares, that they shall be uni-
form throughout the United States. It says
Congress may pass uniform naturalization
laws; but the Supreme Court have decided
that no one of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion has any application as it respects what we
may do in the Territories, that we may govern
them by the sovereign dominion that any Gov-
ernment exercises over territory that it has
acquired. 1 do not set up my opinion ; I only
set up that of the court.
Mr. SHERMAN, I am not prepared to
discuss that, because it is not material on that
ground.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me one moment? I think the
Senator from Vermont states the decisions a
little too broadly. I do not think the Snpreme
Court has ever decided that Congress can pass
a law in reference to a Territory or anywhere
else that the Constitution says Congress shall
have no power to pass.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I have not said so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be the
effect, because where the Constitution says
that Congress may pass uniform laws upon the
subject of naturalization, that is just as much
as to' say that it cannot pass a law which shall
not be uniform in the Territories or anywhere
else.
Mr. MORTON. Is there anything requiring
laws to be uniform throughout the United
States except upon the particular subjects
named in the Constitution ?
- Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that
there is.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very evident that
these gentlemen who are lawyers differ first
whether this section is general in its character,
and next whether we have the power to make
a special rule as to naturalization in the Terri-
tories. I will not discuss it, but I see no
public policy to be promoted by refusing these
aliens naturalization. It seems to me that we
ought to mold them to the general Common-
wealth of the country as rapidly as possible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The laws now require
aliens to be of good moral character before
they are admitted to citizenship.
Mr. SHERMAN. " Congress shall have
power to establish a uniform rule of natural-
ization and uniform laws on the subject of
i bankruptcy throughout the United States," is
the language of the Constitution. The words
"throughout the United States " clearly refer
to both branches of the clause, and it seems
to me that unless the Territories are not, a part
of the United States or are not in the United
dlates, the words " throughout the United
I States" would require the laws to be of a
1 uniform character on the subject of natural-
I ization there as well as in the Stales, so that
i this section, if it is at all constitutional, must
j be construed to be a section general in its
I application to all the United States and all
