1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
legal rights of these railroad companies to a
judicial test. I then predicted a renewal of
the struggle in the Senate. I do not think the
Senator from Nevada ought to charge any
Senator who favors the pending amendment
with any purpose or design of doing injustice
to these companies, because they desire a
judicial adjudication by the Supreme Court of
the United States what the true intendment
and construction of these contracts are. These
companies should gladly have accepted the
amendment offered by me a year ago of re-
ferring the whole question to the courts.
Mr. President, it is useless to deceive our-
selves. These corporations, with their in-
creasing and gigantic powers, are arousing in
the country some popular apprehension; they
are becoming the objects of apprehension
in the popular heart. They should readily
seek the protection of the courts for an adju-
dication upon as well as a protection of
their rights. No legislation of Congress can
impart sach protection. It may, however,
arouse popular indignation and operate in a
different direction. I desire to avoid all this.
I wish to do justice and to deal fairly with
these companies. My amendment proposes
this and nothing more. It seeks a simple
adjudication by the court of last resort what
the legal rights of the United States against
these companies are. The Secretary of the
Treasury, supported no doubt by the opinion
of the Attorney General, thinks that these
railroad companies are violating their con-
tract with the United States by withholding
the payment of the sixty-four million dollars
due the United States; while other eminent
legal men insist that no interest is due by
these companies to the United States until the
maturity of the principal. Why should we
not seek the aid of the courts to determine
which opinion is right? If these railroad
companies continue to withhold the interest
and refuse all appeal to the courts, they may
awake a power which will be found to be
greater than their own.
I wish to cast no imputation on these cor-
porations. I will not venture the opinion that
they had not the right to withhold the interest.
I appreciate, too, all the advantages that
these railroad companies have in their con-
struction secured to this country. I readily
admit that for the $64,623,512 we advanced
to them we have received twenty-four hun-
dred and seventy-five miles of railroad—a road
which connects two oceans, which binds our
people more closely together. I rejoice, too,
that the success of this national highway has
developed those great industrial and mining
interests which render the resources of our
country incalculable; that its success has
aroused our industries, enlarged our com-
merce, increased to a matchless extent our
national prosperity and development. We owe
these beneficent results, sir, to the construction
of these railroads. Nay, I go further, and
say that our people do not repine over the
liberal aid which the Government extended to
these railroads. They wish to continue to
deal justly by them. What more would the
Senator from Nevada have me to say? My
amendment gives no construction and raises
no issue with him as to when this interest on
this debt is payable? I do not think the Sen-
ate possess any such judicial power; but I insist
now, as I did a year ago, and which I shall
continue to insist upon whenever the occasion
arises, that Congress, acting as the custodian
of the disbursement of the money of the Uni-
ted States, should demand and know what the
legal rights of the United States against these
corporations are; what by judicial determ-
ination is the true tenor and effect of these
bonds and coupons; when the interest is pay-
able. What is there unjust in that ? What
injury can such a resort to the courts inflict on
these compantes?
It does not dispense with my amendment
for the Senator from Nevada to ask me if 1 have
42d Cong. 3v Suss.—No. 53.
read the opinion of Judge Curtis, or that of
other distinguished attorneys of these cor-
porations? It will not do for the Senator to
say that, because eminent and distinguished
jurists differ with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or the Attorney General, we should take
no action and permit this controversy to go on.
The report of the Judiciary Committee which
has just been read, entitled as it is to great
respect, is not infallible; its annunciations
impress upon me more sternly the duty of
the Senate to direct the President to institute
judicial proceedings by which the rights of
these parties can be determined.
Mr. President, what possible objection can
there be to such a course ? If it be true, as
we are told by the report of the Judiciary
Committee, that the interest is not due to the
United States by these companies until the
maturity of the bonds or principal debt, and
the deductions of that committee be sustained
byrthe Supreme Court of the United States,
is there a Senator who will not readily acqui-
esce in it? My amendment proposes to clothe
the Court of Claims with jurisdiction to adjudi-
cate the question, and authorizes either party
to appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. When that tribunal shall have passed
upon the legal rights of the parties, all will
readily acquiesce.
But, sir, until that is done, this controversy
will be a bone of contention in this Chamber
and in the other end of the Capitol. The
Government will get no interest, but will be
required to pay out money to these compa-
nies for transportation. It occurs to me that
these railroad companies should gladly seek
judicial arbitrament, and once had, I doubt
not that they will yield a ready acquiescence
to its behests. I am not disposed to throw
the slightest obstacle in the way of the pay-
ment of every dollar that is justly due these
corporations, but I am unwilling to assume,
until I am supported by the highest judicial
sanction, that the Congress of the United
States ever contracted to surrender the credit
and money of the United States to these rail-
roads on such terms as shall take away from
the Government the right of exacting annu-
ally the interest on the debt until the period of
its maturity. Such a construction endangers
principal and interest, for at that time the sum
of $151,927,383 69 would be due the Govern-
ment at the present rate of payment. My ob-
ject is to have that question judicially solved.
I hope that this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Ken-
tucky says that it is impossible that the United
States could have made a grant of $64,000,000
of bonds without requiring the interest to be
paid.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not say it was
impossible. I said it was against all past
precedents, especially with coupons payable
semi-annually attached to the bonds.
Mr. STEWART. There has been much
said with regard to the aid given to these
railroads by the Government of the United
States. If the Government, as soon as it
issued the bonds, required the railroad com-
pany to pay the interest on them, what was
the aid given? That interest was to be paid
semi-annually. Does anybody believe that
that was the intention pending the construc-
tion of this road, when there were no pro-
ceeds coming in from any source? Does any-
body suppose that that was the idea upon
which it was done? The idea upon which it
was done was that the Government upon these
bonds would pay its own interest, and provis-
ion was made in the first law that so far as
the transportation was concerned it should be
applied on the interest. That was the law of
1862. Then in 1864 Congress passed a law
that only half of it should be applied on the
interest.
Now, the theory is that the whole interest is
due. If it is due now, it was due all the time'
pending the construction of the road. There
is no doubt about that. Then in place of the
Government aiding the road by any advance
whatever, it was simply a loan of money re-
quiring interest to be paid on evciy dollar of
it, just as though they had borrowed from an
individual, just as though they had borrowed
the money in Europe. Anybody would loan
them the money if he could have the interest
promptly paid. But, sir, the reason of the
law was this: the undertaking was so great
that it was not expected to be remunerative,
and the United States proposed to do some-
thing more than private individuals would do ;
they proposed to pay some of the interest
themselves. Private individuals would loan
money if the security was good at this rate
of interest.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada a question?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to ask
the Senator if the United States did not have
the first mortgage lien on these roads, and
whether it did not yield that priority in order
to allow the companies to receive aid from
another source which was to be considered a
first lien ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I ask the Sen-
ator further, does he not know of many rail-
roads that have had bonds of States given
them where they paid the interest from the
very beginning?
Air. STEWART. That may be; but this
was not such a case. While the Government
held the first lien upon the road nobody
would undertake to construct it, and we had
to pass the act of 1864 before they could
start a wheel upon it. The Government had
to release also one half of this freight charges.
They had to pay the company one half the
freights and make all these changes before
they could get anybody to undertake to build
the road. 1 believe in view ing this legislation
in the light in which it was viewed at the time
it was made, and carrying it out in good faith,
and in doing that I am but doing my duty.
If these companies are loaded with incum-
brances, if they are required to pay the inter-
est on the first mortgage and the second
mortgage and all the other indebtedness, it
will be an excuse for raising the freights so
that the road cannot be used in my State.
My peopie are especially interested in this
question. If all their rights depend upon the
caprice of legislation and not upon law, this
railroad company cannot exist.
Is that the policy now? I know that it is the
policy of brokers. I know they want fluctua-
tions. I know their efforts to produce those
fluctuations ; but the brokers who are making
those efforts are not my clients nor my con-
stituents. I know the " rings " they get up in
New York to put stock up,or put it down. I
understand that perfectly well.
But it is said there is no legitimate way of
determining this matter in the courts, and the
Senator from Vermont undertakes to say that
there is no remedy for the Government in the
courts, if there is money due, he knows very
well that the United States can sue inany court
of original jurisdiction, in a State court, or in
any court, and recover the money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where?
Mr. STEWART. Anywhere, in any State
court or in any circuit court of the United
States, if they "want to go there, where any
of these defendants are and where they can
get personal service on them. Of course, it
they sue in the wrong court, the defendants
can have the case transferred to some other.
But the idea that the United States with -mil-
lions of dollars due on a contract for money
advanced, which was by the contract agreed
to be paid back at stipulated times, every six
months, cannot sue and recover that money,
is absurd. The Senator from Vermont knows
very well that it is absurd. After six months
had elapsed from the issuance oi' the first
