834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
bonds, when ihe interest became due, if this
right of action exists at all, it existed then.
The courts are open. Ten years have passed,
and no action has been brought by the Gov-
ernment. No question has been raised until
recently. No question was raised until two
years ago. The money was paid over regu-
larly year after year by the Government. In-
stead of suing tor it, the construction of the
officers of the Government was that the com-
pany was entitled to receive one half of the
charge for freight, transportation of the mails,
&c. That was the construction put upon it
while the road was being constructed and
afterward,, and no one raised any question.
That construction was put upon it when the
bonds were being negotiated, and from that
time until two years ago. Nobody doubted
it, and the United States had a complete
remedy.
Now you say you will treat them as you
would individuals. Individuals, when money
is owing to them, go into the courts and sue
for it, and the courts administer justice be-
tween the parties. We say, do so here, just
as. you would between individuals; nothing
more, nothing less. That is the plain way;
but do not come here and get Congress to
withhold what is claimed by the railroad com-
panies to be due them, what has been paid by
the officers of the Government for years, what
has, been paid by direction of Congress to
them for years, ana ~:pon the faith of which
large investments have been made.
1 am aware that there is now a howl against
railroads. I am aware that a person who now
makes an attack upon railroads has a great
deal of advantage. I am aware of the fact
that railroads have made improper exactions,
that railroad companies probably are to blame
for a great deal of this outcry. There are other
causes at work to get it up. But I am also
aware of the fact that it is the duty of this
Government to abide by its contract ; it is
the duty of the Government to do justice to
all men, and when it has a complete and
adequate remedy at law, not legislate to take
private property until it has exhausted that
remedy.
There is nothing in the assertion that a suit
cannot be brought by the United States.
Every lawyer knows that there is not. The
Senator from Vermont suggests that you can-
not find a place to bring a suit. If you want
to bring a suit against the Central Pacific
Company in the circuit court, the company is
located, and its leading.men all live in Cali-
fornia. There is no doubt about your power
to go into the circuit court there. The office
of the other company is in Boston, and the
directors and principal men live there. ' Is
there any difficulty in finding a court there in
which to sue? None at all. I believe that
is the only fair way to do it. You should
treat thetn as you do private individuals.
Private individuals do not come to Congress
and get an act of Congress before they enter
into a lawsuit. It seems to me that the dig-
nity of the United States requires that it
should treat fairly those with whom it has
contracted, in regard to their legal rights, and
not say because there is a largo amount of
money expended, or because there is a largo
amount of gains or because they find some re-
ports that make wild statements one way or
i lse other, " We are going for this money, and
will put it into the Treasury." This scheme
will not_ put money into the Treasury. If it
accomplishes what is desired by many, to re-
quire the first mortgage to be foreclosed, I do
not believe the Treasury will be benefited by
it. I do not believe the Treasury will be bene
filed by the foreclosure of the first mortgage.
I believe that if a raid is made on these com-
panies, so that they are destroyed and the
property changes hands, there will be more
speculations and more scandal connected with
it than ever were connected with any transae
tion before in the world.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Nevada that my amendment does
not propose to put any money in the Treasury
that is not legitimately there. I do not know
that it will; but I want the Pacific Railroad
Company, to have, all its legal rights without
being continually arraigned here in Congress,
and I want the United States to have all the
money that is legitimately due to it under that
contract. I only propose that the courts shall
decide that question, and relieve Congress and
relieve the railroad from this perpetual jargon
about justice on the one side and injustice on
the other.
Mr. STEWART. I know my friend from
Kentucky is a fair man and a good lawyer,
and I ask him if there is money due the United
States on its contract with the Pacific Railroad
Company, have not the courts jurisdiction to
enforce the remedy? Could not judgment be
obtained in any court of competent jurisdic-
tion for the money against the company ? *
Mr. STEVENSON.^ Certainly; but I pro-
pose to let these parties come into the Court
of Claims here in Washington, that they shall
be heard in behalf of their rights, that the
United States shall be heard m behalf of its
rights, and we shall have the question judi-
cially determined by the Supreme Court of the
United States whether the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate is right or wrong.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator desire
that the United States shall retain this money
until it is determined, or shall it continue to
be paid to the companies?
Mr. _ STEVENSON. No, sir; I have no
disposition to retain the money, if the Pacific
railroad had accepted my proposition a year
ago I would have let them continue to re-
ceive the money; but when they resisted
that amendment a year ago I was for just
keeping the money and forcing them to do
what 1 wanted them to do a year ago.
Mr. STEWART. Now there has been a
period of ten years in which these suits might
have been brought, and the Government would
have had a perfect remedy, as everybody must
admit. It has not been done.
There is another thing with regard to these
companies. They have not only built this
road and put it in operation, but they did it
some five or six years before the time fixed by
law. There are four years left of the time in
which they were required to build the road.
By so doing they have incurred a much greater
cost and the community has been largely ben-
efited. What I protest against is such action
under some supposed public necessity as shall
destroy them. I believe if this is done, in
violation of the law, in violation of tho con-
tract, it will shock public confidence in the
action of Congress and in its good faith. I
believe it will produce a reaction when the
harm shall have been done. We are asked to
violate our contracts under the pretext that
we have not a remedy at law when everybody
knows that we have. We are asked to commit
a palpable injustice by saying we will not be
bound by our contracts—contracts recognized
by every one of the Departments for six or
seven years, and under which the money was
paid over to the companies regularly until two
years ago. Then when the question arose in
the Departments, it came before the Senate.
The Judiciary Committee of the Senate held
that the officers of the Government in their
construction of the contract had been right
all the time until the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury. They passed an act to carry
out that previous construction, put a law upon
the statute book to that effect; and now to
repeal that law and retain this money in viola-
tion of what at least a majority of all the
lawyers who have ever examined the subject
believe to be the construction of the law, in
violation of the construction given to it by the
companies and by the Departments at the time
the bonds w.ere negotiated, I think would be a
shock to the public conscience and an injury
to the United States, and instead of gain-
ing money, you will be placed in a position
whereby j'ou will lose money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to go into any particular consider-
ation of this subject, but I trust that Senators
will not so far forget the rights of parties in the
appeals that are made against monopolies
which are charged with encroaching upon the
rights of the people as to do a wrong to any
chartered company. I am not the advocate
of monopolies; 1 would restrain the chartered
institutions of the country within the strict
limits which have been granted; and I am not,
as a rule, in favor of chartering corporations,
and especially by Congress. But, sir, Sen-
ators ought not to forget the circumstances
under which this Pacific railroad was char-
tered. We were in the midst of a great war,
and this great enterprise was then undertaken
with a view of uniting the different parts of
the continent, binding the Union together by
railroads which should reach across from ocean
to ocean. We passed a law in 1862 creating
a company to undertake this great enterprise.
We did not then know what we know now in
regard to the interior of the continent. It was
questionable whether we could build a railroad
across the continent. The Rocky mountains
and the Sierra Nevada were not known at
that day as they are now ; the passes were
unknown, and it was not until after the surveys
had been made and much money expended
that we could ascertain the practicability of
constructing this great work, and so fearful
were the capitalists of the country that the
road could not be constructed that under our
act of 1862 granting aid in lands and money
nobody would undertake its construction.
What did we propose to do? This question
is treated here as though the Government of
the United States was paying interest on the
bonds of these railroad companies. It is no
such thing The Government of the United
States proposed to give a certain amount to
parties if they would construct this great road.
Not having the money, what did the Govern-
ment do? It said: "We will give you our
bonds, and you may negotiate them apd get
money upon them to aid you in building the
road." What an idea, Mr. President, that
the company was to pay the interest on these
bonds! If the Government had had the money
it would have paid it over to the railroad com-
panies at the time, but it had no money, and
it gave them its bonds. These are the bonds
of the Government of the United States which
the railroads are asked to pay the interest upon.
What was our law? I wish Senators for
one moment would look at the act of 1862.
Let me read a clause from it, and this is the
clause upon which this question turns. It was
provided by that law, in the sixth section—
"And all compensation for services rendered for
the Government shall be applied to the payment
of said bonds and interest until the whole amount
is fully paid."
That was your act of 1862, under which
nobody could be found to build the road. The
language is plain and specific, that "all com-
pensation for services rendered for the Gov-
ernment shall be applied to the payment of
said bonds and interest until the whole amount
is fully paid." Then what? In 1864, when
nobody would build a road under that law, we
passed another act; and what did we say in
that?
" And that only one half of the compensation for
services rendered for the Government by said com-
panies shall be required to be applied to the pay-
ment of tho bonds issued by the Government in aid
of the construction of the road."
What does that mean ? Does it mean any-
thing? I ask the Senator from Kentucky,
who says he disagrees with the Judiciary
Committee. Does your act of 1864 mean any-
thing, or does it mean nothing ? You said in
1862 that you would pay nothing for services
rendered the Government. In 18G4, when
you could not get the road built upon those
