1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) The pending question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
0,hio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the amendment ?
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
section eleven, lines two and three, to strike
out the words "and not that of a lawful wife "
suid to insert "under a supposed but not a
legal marriage."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
, adopted. This provision was very carefully
  considered in committee.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 8 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from
Ohio would change the word " supposed,"
which implies belief in "so-called" or some
word which merely refers to a fact without re-
gard to difficult questions of intention to any-
thing that is called a marriage, I do not think
I should have any special objection to this
amendment, although the whole thing was
very carefully considered in committee.
tyir. THURMAN. 1 never stick on a word
and am perfectly willing to accept the Sena-
tor's suggestion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator ought to
stick on a word if the word is right. I only
make the suggestion in order to harmonize our
views if we can.
Mr. THURMAN. I think our views will
be precisely the same whether you call it" sup-
posed" or "so-called." 1 have no objection
at all to that change if that will meet the Sen-
ator's approbation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With that modification I
shall be willing to let the amendment be
adopted if it will gratify my friend £rom Ohio
at all.
Mr. THURM AN. I think it would be berter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mod-
ification will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask leave that
the order directing the yeas and nays be re-
scinded by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that order will be entered. The
question is on the amendment as modified.
The question being put, the amendment as
modified was declared to be agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought I rose in time
to address the Senate in respect to the amend-
ment as it now stands, but the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] having risen also, f
suppose it diverted the attention of the Chai.'
from me; but he did not desire to say any-
thing pn the pending amendment and I did.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to offer another
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will ask for the yeas
and nays or} this amendment, and I wish to
make some remarks before they are taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of the opinion that the demand is hardly in
time ; but, as the Senator believes he rose in
time, if it is not objected to the amendment
will be considered as still open.
Mr. CASSERLY. To solve the difficulty 1
prefer to ask for the yeas and nays ; and if they
are granted, before they are taken I will
address a few words to the Senate on the sub-
ject of the amendment as it now stands, and
state my objections to it.
The PRESIDiNG OFFICER. On this
question the Senatprfrom California demands
the yeas arid nays.
Mr. '1HURMAN. I do notthink it is neces-
sary to call the yeas and nays ; let the amend-
ment be considered open.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes; if the Senator
whs mistaken let it be considered open.
1 lie PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made then, the amendment will be
com-iUered as still open.
Hi. CASSERLY. (t may be said that the
amendment is good so far as it goes. That is
sometimes a sufficient reason for adopting an
amendment; yet that remark, in my judgment,
would not be correct in the present instance.
One objection, stated very fully in the first
place by the Senator from Indiana, still re-
mains. That objection is the use of language
in a false sense; that is to say, the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio leaves in the passage
now under consideration the words "spouse"
or "consort." How is a judge (and the Sen-
ator was once a very eminent judge himself)
to have any definite lights in construing those
two words ? What is a " spouse " or a " con-
sort?" Is it a mistress or a concubine? Is
ir a pretended wife, and not a true wife?
"Spouse" and "consort," as I said awhile
ago, are both words of honorable designation
in regard to the relations of the sexes. Why
should we retain language which must lead to
perplexity and uncertainty in any construction
which can be put upon it either by the bar or
the bench?
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr THURMAN. I merely wish to say
that the section does not affirm that the woman
is the spouse or is the consort, but holding
the relation of spouse or consort under a
so-called marriage.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well, sir; I mean
to say that she does not hold any such rela-
tion one way or the other. I supposed there
was something in the language of these pecu-
liar people in regard to this very peculiar insti-
tution of theirs that induced the committee to
insert the words "spouse or consort." On
inquiry, however, I find that the words are
not in use among them. They are unknown
among them in reference to this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What words?
Mr. CASSERLY. "Spouse," or "con-
sort."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why it is in the church
of the Latter-Day Saints incorporation act, I
am pretty sure. It is in some of those acts.
1 am sure I have seen it. It is somewhere in
the laws of that Territory. They are very
much confused and scattered through various
acts, and I will try to hunt it up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was so informed by a
member of the other House, who certainly
ought to know what the common speech or
technical language of Mormonism is in regard
to this subject. What I say is that in using
such lan^ua^e the almost necessary effect
is to mislead the judgment and perplex the
subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have found here, just
haphazard, one use in the Mormon laws of
Utah of the word "spouse:" "That all pro-
perty owned by either spouse before marriage,
and that acquired afterward," &c., shall be
held so and so. I think you will find the word
"consort" as well; but it is enough for the
present purpose to show the word "spouse."
Mr. CASSERLY. I think it is quite enough
for the present purpose. I was very glad to
hear the Senator read what he has just read,
because had he been in here a while ago, so
th.it 1 could have had the good fortune of hav-
ing him listen to what I said, he would have
heard me mention as an illustration of the
honorable use to which the word "spouse " is
pur, the circumstance that in the State of Cal-
ifornia, where our law as to property as
between husband and wife, the same subject
to which the statute relates that he has just
cited, is founded on the Spanish law, the word
" spouse" is constantly used both in the stat-
utes and at the bar and on the bench in ref-
erence to either husband or wife; and I think
if the Senator will look a little closer into the
statute he has just cited, (though I have never
seen it, and have heard just what he read of
it now for the first time,) he will find that it
is a statute dealing with the subject of prop-
erty as between husband and wife,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, if
the Senator will pardon me, but he was upon
the point that this was a term that had not any
meaning, that there was no such term known
to the Mormon system. Now I merely pro-
duce one Mormon law to him to show that it is
a term used in the Mormon system. I did not
rise to say that the word "spouse" was a dis-
honorable word. This bill merely speaks of a
relation in fact, standing upon the basis of the
real and trjueand honorable and legal relations
which is recognized in most civilized coun-
tries. We do not undertake to say that it is
either honorable or dishonorable; we only use
it as a term which expresses a fact.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senatorfrom Indiana
[Mr. Morton] hasjust observed to.me that the
statute read by the Senator from Vermont
deals with the relation of a husband and a law-
ful wife.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But if the Senator will
pardon me, by the provisions of the laws of
Utah—I hope I did not interrupt the Senator
to his displeasure, because if I did, I would
certainly sit down.  
Mr. CASSERLY. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Indiana
has undertaken to show us, and with a certain
plausibility, and he is always able to make the
very best of a case, as we all understand, that
for many years this plural and dual relation,
no matter how great it may be, is the lawful
relation, and therefore this very act of the
territorial Legislature, according to the con-
struction of the law made by my friend from
Indiana, would not indicate merely the one
wife that the Christian Scriptures speak of, but
would indicate any one of that great number
of people who may compose the household of
a Mormon acting in that faith and proceeding
under the territorial laws, according to the
construction given to them by my friend from
Indiana to get up his household.
I am much obliged to my friend from Cali-
fornia for allowing me to interrupt him.
Mr. CASSERL i. I was arguing as to the
danger of retaining in this statute two words
with a meaning which they do not ordinarily
bear. Now, if there is any woman who is a
spouse, or a consort, in the sense of ordinary
speech, she is a lawful wife in the sense of
ordinary speeqh, and consequently the lan-
guage of the statute in the course of two lines
is contradictory of itself.
I am not criticising the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I have said more than once that in
dealing with this subject at all, difficult and
delicate as it is, they have entered upon a
task which, if they have not discharged it
entirely to the satisfaction of this or that man
in the Senate, they have done as well prob-
ably as any of us could have done. But the
question being here, it is very important that
we should get this statute in such a shape as
to allow it to be enforced without constant
perplexities and misunderstandings as to its
meaning, and without doing very great injus-
tice to the people who have proceeded for
twenty-six years, ever since they first went in
there in 1847, under a sanction of the Govern-
ment, which, if it was not expressed, was at
least implied.
All that I said was, (and if I had succeeded
in making myself heard by the Senator from
Vermont he would have understood me I
think better than he seems to have done,) that
with respect to those plural wives I had been
informed that the Mormons were not in the
habit of using either the word " consort" or
"spouse," and nothing that has been said yet
has shaken the accuracy of my information
upon that point; and it is with a plural wife
that this section is dealing, not with the law-
ful wife. I suppose we are all agreed that
even under the Mormon system there is one
lawful wife; that is, the first wife; it is the
others who are plural wives, and who are not
lawful wives ; and as they are not lawful wives
they are not, one of them, either a spouse or
