1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
terms, you said that only one half of the com-
pensation for services rendered for the Gov-
ernment by the companies should be required
to be applied in payment of the bonds. Did
you mean it? What did this language of 1864
mean if it did not mean just what it said?
And if it did mean what it said, by what right
now do you say that the whole shall be paid
just as required by the act of 1862 ?
I was a member of the Committee on the
Judiciary when this question was referred to
it. It was considered in that committee at
great length, and the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter,] who I am sorry not to see
here to-day that he might defend the report
of which he was the author, was the organ
of the committee in that matter, and wrote
the report, showing, as I thought, very clearly
that under the law which we had passed we
had agreed to pay over one half the Gov-
ernment transportation. I think the report
clearly shows that. That was onr agreement.
So Congress thought and so your Govern-
ment thought. From the building of this
road years ago, under the Administration
when Mr. McCulloch was Secretary of the
Treasury, under the Administration when Mr.
Boutwell was Secretary of the Treasury, year
after year all these officers had paid one half
the cost of Government transportation, and
it was not until 1870 that somebody came in
and said that we were not bound to pay.
But, sir, the law seemed to us to be plain, and
the Committee on the Judiciary so reported
after a very elaborate examination of the
question. Congress so decided. This was
not done in the dark. It was done after great
consideration and deliberation. The Senator
from Vermont did not agree to the report of
the committee, I believe; I do not think he
made any minority report or presented any
views in writing on the subject; if he did I
have forgotten it. But the committee reported
as I have stated. Perhaps he was the only
exception, though I do not now remember how
that was, nor is it material. At any rate that
was the opinion of the committee and the opin-
ion of Congress. Now what is it proposed
to do?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean to inter-
rupt the Senator ; but we only want to do the
fair thing all around, of course. My friend
says that was the opinion of the committee.
So it was. He says it, was the opinion of Con-
gress. I ask him if he has got the right to
state that without qualification when the com-
mittee itself said that, however this doubtful
question may be determined, the condition of
these companies at this moment is such that
even if the Secretary of the Treasury were
righi it would not be wise as a matter of policy
to enforce the uttermost rights of the United
States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont may be correct in assuming that some
persons may have voted from other consider-
ations. 1 cannot say how that may have been.
Such was the opinion of the committee, that
this was the law. It may be, as the Senator
from Vermont suggests, that others not upon
the committee may have thought that from
considerations of policy, in the then condition
of the roads, it was not advisable to exact it.
That may be so; I do not know; but the
opinion of the committee was very clear as to
how they understood the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend did not quite
understand my inquiry. I am much obliged
to my friend "for permitting me to interrupt
him, because I do it in the best spirit, and he
understands it; but my point was that it
appears from the report of the committee
that, however this disputed question might, be
decided, although the opinion of the majority
of the committee was as my friend says, yet
however it might be decided as a matter ot
strict law, the committee itself said, as I
understand it, that in the condition of the
roads at that time it would not be the wise
thing to do for us to enforce our right if we
had it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not read the
report recently, and do not remember all the
reasoning of the report; but that the commit-
tee did come to the conclusion that under the
act of 1864 the Government was bound to pay
one half of the compensation for services ren-
dered to it, I am quite sure. That was the
opinion of the committee. I said it was the
opinion of Congress because Congress passed
an act in conformity with this recommendation
of the committee. Of course I cannot answer
as to the motives which governed Senators in
voting as they did. Some may have voted
from considerations of policy, perhaps; but
the opinion of the committee was as I have
stated, and I supposed that was the ground
upon which the law was enacted. I am of the
same opinion that I was when we investigated
the subject at that time. I think that you give
no meaning whatever to the statute of 1864
unless you give the meaning which the com-
mittee gave. I think the Departments were
right when they paid the money during the
Administration preceeding the present one and
during the earlier years of the present Admin-
istration, and that the withholding of the
money was contrary to the charter which
Congress had passed and under which the
capitalists of the country invested their money
m the construction of this road.
Now, Mr. President, these capitalists may
have behaved very badly; they may have
entered into contracts with themselves under
another name to build the road, and made great
profits. I have nothing to say about that.
But upon this particular question as to what
the meaning of our law was, I am of the same
opinion to-day that I was two years ago, and
it does seem to me a little singular that we
should now undertake to repeal our law passed
two years ago, and not only repeal the law,
but direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
withhold this money. It seems to me we are
taking advantage of our position as a Govern-
ment when we do that. As between private
individuals, one of the parties could not pass
an act that he would withhold money, but
would have to be governed by his rights, what-
ever they were, when he went into court.
There is no difficulty in bringing a suit. My
friend from Vermont suggested tha„ there
might be some difficulty. I think if he had
looked at the acts he would have seen that
there was none. The act of 1862 created cer-
tain persons, naming them in the act, a cor-
poration, and it provided that the corporation
hereby created shall be "a body-politic and
corporate in deed and in law by the name,
style, and title of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and by that name shall have per-
petual succession, and shall be able to^sueand
be sued, plead and be impleaded, defend and
be defended in all courts of law and equity
within the United States." This corporation
may be sued anywhere in the United States,
ill any district where you can get service upon
it. 1 mean that the Government of the Uni-
ted States or anybody else who has a cause
of action may bring a suit against the Union
Pacific Railroad Company in any district of
the United States where they can get jurisdic-
tion to serve the process. It may be in Ver-
mont, if the office is there. I need not say
to my astute friend from Vermont that service
of process can just as readily be had upon cor-
porations as upon individuals.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I need not tell my doubly astute friend
from Illinois that, the statutes of the United
States prescribe that you cannot sue any-
body in a court, of the United States by merely
getting service of process upon him. It lam ill
my Iru-nd's district in Illinois he .cannot sue
me there in the United Statescourts, because I
do not reside there. The statutes provide that
the defendant must be a resident of the dis-
trict in which the process is served upon him,
and in which the suit is instituted ; and that
raises the difficulty about these corporations,
as to exactly where it is, in case of the Union
Paefic railroad, for instance, where you are
sure that you have got them in the right place.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One citizen cannot sue
another of the same State in the courts of the
United States, the Constitution not having
given that, jurisdiction ; but I need not say to
my friend from Vermont, that under a law of
the United States, the United States courts
may have jurisdiction of a ease growing out of
the statutes of the United States agaiust a
citizen anywhere where they can find him.
The Government of the United States can sue a
collector or an assessor, or any person, where
ever they may find him and get service upon
him. If the Senator from Vermont should
happen to be the security of a marshal in the
State of Vermont who was a defaulter, the
Government of the United States would have
no difficulty in bringing its suit m the district
of Vermont to recover the amount of the bond.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because my residence is
there.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Well, I suppose itwould
have no difficulty in suing the Senator in the
District of Columbia. If he owes the Gov-
ernment of the United States they may sue
him wherever they can find him in any ot their
courts. The Government of the United States
has a right, I take it, to bring suit, and it may
bring suit, in any one of its courts against any
person who owes it, under the laws of th.e Uni-
ted States, and it is an every-day transaction
to bring suits on official bonds against parlies
wherever they may be found. Suit is usually
brought in the State where the bond is exe-
cuted, because the parties are found there;
but they cannot avoid process by escaping into
another State. So that, I think, there would
be no difficulty in bringing a suit.
I rose simply, Mr. President, to call the
attention of Senators to the question that
seems to me to be before us and to admonish
them, as far as I might be permitted to do so,
against repealing a law which we passed with
deliberation two years ago, and directing the
withholding of money which a committee ot this
body, on investigation of the subject, decided
that the Government had no right to withhold,
and doing it in this hasty way, and at a time
when there is a great deal of feeling in the
country against corporations and the acts of
corporations. Without meaning to put my-
self in the position of being the advocate of
this particular corporation or any other, I am
ready at all times to do what seems to me to
be justice and right as between them and the
Government, and believing in this instance that
the Government of the United States has
bound itself to pay one half the compensation
for services that are rendered it by these cor-
porations, I cannot vote for the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the presumption, as the case stands, is that
the United States Government should pay the
railroad companies one half of the compensa-
tion for freight service. We must take the law
to be that the interest on the bonds loaned by
the United States is not due from these rail-
road companies to the United States until the
principal of the bonds matures, or until the end
of thirty years, not because such is necessarily
the correct construction of the law—I express
no opinion on that point and have come to no
conclusion thereon—but for our action on this
appropriation bill We can with no propriety
hold the law to be different from that which
the organ of the Senate, the Committee on the
Judiciary, has declared it to be, and which con-
clusion Congress has adopted and acted on.
Therefore, in considering the subject at this
time,  c must hold that, there is no debt, due
from the railroad companies to the United
