1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
necessary connection with this eleventh sec-
tion, and let me gnbmit a motion to strike oat
the eleventh section, and let us take the sense
of the Senate on it. His amendment is a dis-
tinct substantive proposition, having no neces-
sary connection with it.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to do that.
I withdraw the amendment temporarily. I
desire to have the question settled in this bill
whether they shall or shall not be prosecuted.
Mr. THURMAN. That is right. Now I
move to strike out the eleventh section, and
upon that I beg leave to submit a very few
remarks to the Senate ; and I crave the atten-
tion of the Senate to what I shall say. I will
not weary their patience.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] suggests to me that as it is so near the
recess, and as this is a pretty large subject, we
had better proceed with some other amend-
ments to the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I have an amendment to
offer.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I withdraw my
motion for the present.
Mr. STEWART. I have an amendment
which probably can be adopted by unanimous
consent, to add to the first part of the first
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio
this:
And until the meeting of the General Assembly,
each jury commissioners shall be appointed by the
district judge from the persons who hold the office
of probate judge in his district, on the 1st day of
January, 1873.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that is a very
proper amendment, and I hope it will be
adopted. That is an addition to the proposi-
tion I offered this morning in regard to the
jury commissioners.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to. The
amendment already adopted, introduced on
motion of the Senator from Ohio, was per-
fectly satisfactory.
Mr. SHERMAN. This provides for the
interval between now and the meeting of the
Legislature.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That provided
for it. The provision was that between now
and the session of their Legislature we could
repose the trust in the judge, marshal, and
Mr. STEWART. It is a harsh proceeding
in any event to say that one side or the other
shall select the jury. It comes pretty near
denying any jury trial to the other side ; I
know the feeling there so well. Believing
that the Government should have a majority,
I think that in the board that selects there
should be on all occasions somebody that is
the representative of that people to see what
is done, to object to bad characters, and to
have some notice. It will certainly do no
harm, as the majority consist of the judge, the
marshal, and the clerk. They are a majority
and can overrule the others on all occasions.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Who do you pro-
pose for the other two'/
Mr. STEWART. I propose until the Legis-
lature meets, that the district judge himself
shall select from the persons who were pro-
bate judges on the 1st day of January, 1873,
and are now in office. That, limits it so that
it gives a representative to the Mormon peo-
ple.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very well, I
make uo objection to that. I did not under-
stand it before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Coxk-
j.ixo in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Then by unanimous eon-
sent the second amendment, which is unneces-
sary, providing for that interim, might be con-
sidered as left out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
Iroui Nevada asks that another amendment
previously adopted be snperseded. The Chair
hears no objection. It will be so treated.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment to add at the end of section twenty-two :
At all elections it shall be the duty of the persons
or officers holding or conducting the election at any
voting precinct or election district,immediately after
the polls are closed.without adjournment,to publicly
open and count the ballots cast at such precinct or
district, and on the completion of sncheonntto pub-
licly announce the result before transmitting the
poll-books or other record of the vote to the person
or officer entitled to receive the same; and any vio-
lation or attempt to violate this provision shall be
deemed a felony, and upon conviction thereof the
person so offending shall be punished as in this sec-
tion hereinbefore provided.
Under the territorial law now, at the close
of the vote the inspectors or whoever receive
the votes place them in a box and send that
box to the clerk of the county court or some-
where else, and there they may remain for
three or four weeks to be dealt with according
to the pleasure of that official, and then the
result announced. I think there will be no
objection to this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This is quite
an important amendment. If the Senator
has examined the territorial laws and con-
sulted with the Delegate so as to know what
the effect of that will be, I of course do not
wish to interpose any objection.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have not examined the
territorial law on the subject very much,
recently at any rate; but I am strongly of the
opinion that the amendment ought to be
adopted.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think we had better
put this bill over until after the recess. I ask
unanimous consent to pass a little bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I object to this
bill being laid aside until it is passed.
Mr. BOREMAN. Only a few minutes are
left before the recess begins.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I object; let
us go on with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from West Virginia can ask unauimous
consent to lay the bill aside informally.
Mr. THURMAN. Will it be in order to
move that the Senate take a recess for half an
hour, and would that suspend the two hours'
recess? I move that the Senate take a recess
for half an hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
being made yesterday the Vice President ruled
that the motion was in order, objection to the
contrary notwithstanding. Therefore it must
be decided.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past five o'clock.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask for an understand-
ing of my vote on this subject, whether it is
intended by that that we shall return here at
half past five ?
Mr. THURMAN. It is intended that we
shall not go away.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Then I
obiect to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind Senators that debate is not in
order. The Senator from Ohio moves that
the Senate do now take a recess until half past
five o'clock. The question is on that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent we consider that it is now five
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire proposes, the hour tor
a recess having arrived within five minutes,
that the Senate uow consider it to be five
o'clock for that purpose. Is there objection ?
0 T. BROWS AND J J. S. HASSLER.
Mr. BOREMAN. I appeal to my friend
from New Jersey. We can pass this little
hill There is no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia asks unanimous con-
sent that the pending order be laid aside in-
formally until the Senate consider a bill
which he will name.
Mr. BOREMAN. House bill No. 3952, to
authorize the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to settle the accounts of Charles 1'. Brown
and J. J. S. Hassler, late agents for the Chip-
pewa Indians of Minnesota, on the grounds
of equity and justice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration of that
bill?
The bill was read.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is there a
report ?
Mr. BOREMAN. There is no report. It
was reported here by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and passed this body in a
modified form. There is no objection to it, I
think.
Mr. TIPTON. I should like to insert the
words "according to law." Let the accounts
be settled according to law if possible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
duty of the Chair to ascertain whether there
be objection to the present consideration of
the bill. The Chair hears no objection, and
the bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like the Senator
from West Virginia to explain the necessity for
any special act to authorize the proper account-
ing bureau to settle the accounts of an Indian
agent.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have answered that
question heretofore, and the Senate passed
die bill in a little different form, but the House
passed another bill. They did not act on the
bill we sent them.
The case is this: Mr. Brown was appointed
agent, and a month or two afterward he was
removed. He receipted for property received.
I am not interested in his case particularly;
he is a citizen of Minnesota. Before, however,
the property was turned over to him, although he
receipted for it, he was superseded by an Army
officer. That Army officer was at once put to
work, paying out large amounts of money, and
that money has all been accounted for, and
the question is only in regard to property.
He was kept in the position of agent for a
short time and ordered away peremptorily;
he never gave any receipt. He is Captain
Hassler, a citizen of my' State. He was
ordered away peremptorily, and was not
given time, being an Army officer, to take
any receipts from his successor, so that the
usual formalities were not pursued, and the
officers at the Treasury say they cannot settle
the accounts without the receipts. I have
talked to the Second Auditor about it and he
said he could settle if it. was not for the tech-
nicalities of the law. He wants permission to
settle the accounts, so far as practicable, upon
the same principles as it would be settled un-
der the law. I do not think there is any
objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being
now five o'clock, the Senate, under its pre-
vious order, takes a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Conk-
lixg in the chair.) The business before the
Senate when the recess began was the bill
taken up on the motion of the Senator from
West Virginia, the Utah bill being laid aside
for that purpose.
J. GEORGE IIAKKIS.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to make a report, if
the Senate will receive it.
Mr. BOREMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow the vote to be taken on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
