1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
whole tiling would fall, and you would have to
begin again. Meantime you are expending
your money; you are expending money for
costs, and all that.
Now, what does this proposition require to
be done? It only requires, I repeat, not that
we are to decide against those who claim these
freights, and who say they are right, and who
may be right—the Judiciary Committee
thought they were—but that in order to test the
question whether they are right or wrong,
these little sums earned for this year, $10,000
to one company, $20,000 to another, and
S30,000 to another, shall be held by the
debtor—the prima facie debtor—and be made
the subject of a suit at law in the Court of
Claims, and when that suit at law is determined,
■with no difficulties of jurisdiction, no chasing
of mythical beings here and there to find out
where you can begin upon them, you have a
determination which settles this whole ques-
tion, deciding in advance the rights of no one,
but only saying "We will hold this thing
exactly where it is until these rights are de-
termined."
My friend from New Jersey says that we are
required to pay over these freights. He is
mistaken. The charter does not say that we
are required to pay over these freights. It
says that it shall not require on our side more
than one half of them. That looks to freights
alone. It says on the other side just as in case
of suretyship, that the company shall pay this
interest and keep its bail, its surety, its guar-
antor, its friend who is aiding it, free from
these disbursements that it is obliged to make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to interrupt him right
tlisrc ^
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He treats this, as I
understand it, as if the Government of the
United States were the surety. Now, I do
not so understand it. The Government of the
United States is the principal debtor: the
bonds that are issued are their bonds. They
are not the surety of the Union Pacific rail-
road on these bonds, but he is seeking to make
the Pacific railroads pay a debt that the United
States is primarily liable for. These bonds
now are in the hands, 1 will suppose, of Eu-
ropeans, and scattered through the country,
nobody knows where; but the Pacific rail-
roads have not got them. The coupons fall
due. Primarily it is the United States that is
liable for them, and the United States is in no
sense the security of the railroad companies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I knew perfectly well
before that my friend from Illinois was capa-
ble of deluding everybody else, but I did not
suppose that even he was capable of deluding
himself. He undertakes to tell you that the
United States is the principal. If it is the
principal, then it is the ultimate debtor and
these corporations ought never to be obliged
to reimburse the United States either for
principal or interest. I should like to ask
the honorable Senator if I am the principal
debtor in this case: he comes to me and says
to me, "Mr. Edmi-nds, I want to raise a thou-
sand dollars to-day; I wish you would lend me
your note for a month;" I make my note
payable to the order of my honorable friend,
Mr. Trcmbcll; he goes to the First National
Bank here, and indorses it and gets it dis-
counted. On the face of that paper, as to the
bank, it is true that I appear to be the prin-
cipal and he is merely the indorser or guar-
antor; but does the honorable Senator mean
to say that between him and me I am the
principal and he is the surety ? I rather think
not. That is just this case. These railway
companies come to the United States and say,
" While this is a great public work," as Sena-
tors have said and as is perfectly true—I do
not want to break it down, I want to aid it,
but I want honesty and fair play—they say to
us, "we cannot build this road, though we
are going to make profit out of it in the end,
unless we can have ready money ; help us to
get it; guaranty the bonds; help us to raise
this money;" and we accordingly do so. Isit
to be said that we are not the surety, but are
the principal? Why, the honorable Senator
is entirely mistaken in his notions about the
laws of suretyship, about the law of justice;
and the illustration that I have made about
my lending him my note—to be sure, as a
matter of fact he could not get the money on
it unless his own indorsement was good, but
the illustration will answer just as well—illus-
trates this matter perfectly.
As to the man who holds the bonds, it is
true we have no answer to make by saying we
are mere sureties; we have undertaken to pay,
and we do pay and have paid to the extent of
millions upon millions of dollars. But as to
those to whom we loaned these bonds, these
corporations, they are the principal debtor and
we are the surety ; and the principles of honor
and justice and law do require them to keep us
reimbursed all the time.
What was the theory of the provision in re-
spect to freights, judging from these acts ? I
do not know about the debates. I was not
here, and everybody understands that people
are not bound by the debates. One man may
make a splendid speech in favor of one par-
ticular view, and everybody else may vote in
favor of that very proposition, but they may
have their own notions, entirely different from
those as the reasons for their votes. Now, I
say that in my opinion these provisions about
the freights went upon the theory that these
companies were to keep the United States re-
imbursed for this interest all the time, and that
this one half which was required to be retained
was intended to reduce constantly, as in the
nature of a sinking fund, the ultimate sum that
at the end of thirty years these companies
would be obliged to pay, because anybody can
see when you look at how this thing has ac-
cumulated and rolled up that it would be im-
possible for any company, without providing
something in the nature of a sinking fund in
some way, to meet the principal alone when it
should become-due—sixty-odd million dollars.
It could not be done. Therefore provision
must be made during the course of the thirty
years in order that when the time should come
when the principal should fall due there might
be a fund to pay it. There, I think, is the
mistake, with all deference, that the majority
of the Judiciary Committee made when they
undertook to say that we were obliged to pay
this money, that we were obliged to pay this
interest, and that we were to wait for a final
crash of everything at the end of thirty years,
without any means to provide for the reim-
bursement of the United States for this prin-
cipal and interest at the end. And as a mere
matter of policy it is better, as it appears
to me, for these companies, as it is better
for the United States, that these small earn-
ings for freight and transportation which from
year to year accrue should be applied to keep
this sum at where it is or to reduce it, if it may
be, in order that when 1894 or 1805 comes
there may not be such a load upon them in
the way of this mortgage that all these in-
vestments will break down. But., as I said
before, (for I do not want to take up more
time,) the real point here now is not that at
all. We are not determining these questions ;
we -are ouly saying we will put them in the
course of immediate determination by opera-
tion of law through the judicial tribunals of
the country, in order that the justice of the
thing and the rights of all parties may be
determined. *
What is the most simple way to do it? Is it
to let the money go and to try somewhere and
in some way to bring a suit upon our part?
Or is it better to say to these companies, to
each of whom only a small sum is to be paid,
" We give you the opportunity of having this
settled; if you are so clear about it, have it
settled at once; bring your suit in the Court
of Claims ; a year will determine it; we de-
cide nothing in advance except merely to ask
you to take the step which will settle the rights
between us?"
Mr. WEST. Believing that the business of
the Senate will be expedited by an adjourn-
ment over till Monday, I now make the motion
thatwhen the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next. [" No 1" " No!"]
I am satisfied that all of us have sufficient
business in the Departments and in the com-
mittees to occupy to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The motion cannot be
entertained, except by general consent, until
the pending business is disposed of. ["Ob-
ject!"] The motion cannot now be received.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I have no
very distinct recollectiou of what occurred
when the ninth section was adopted in the
Army appropriation bill of 1871. I do not
remember whether I voted for it or not. If
I did, it was following, as 1 usually do, the
report of the Judiciary Committee upon a
legal question without having had full time to
investigate it. Having turned my attention
to this question since it has been brought be-
fore us by the section in the House bill and
by the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont, I feel impelled to say that if
required to vote upon this question now, and
to give the original acts a legislative construc-
tion, 1 shall be compelled to vote against the
sentiment contained in that report of the
Judiciary Committee.
I have looked briefly into the sections relied
upon, and I find, first, that the fifth section
of the act of 186'2 gives the bonds of the United
States to aid in the construction of this rail-
road at a certain rate per mile, and imposes
upon the companies to which they are given
the obligation to redeem those bonds and every
part of them, when requested by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in accordance with the
provisions of that act. Going further, I find
that the sixth section of the act, as quoted in
the report of the Judiciary Committee, makes
grants of lands and of bonds upon the con-
dition " that said companies shall pay said
bonds at maturity." Going still further, I
find that there are three provisions made to
secure the payment of those bonds. The first
provision is that all compensation for services
rendered for the Government" shall be applied
to the payment of said bonds and interest until
the whole amountis finally paid." The second
provision, not in the order in the act but in
the order in which i wish to put it, is_ " that
at least five per cent, of the net earnings of
the said road shall be annually applied to the
payment thereof." Those two portions of the
earnings of the road are in effect sequestered
for the purpose of paying these bonds and
the interest. Then another provision in that
act is that, the " said company may also pay
the United States, wholly or in part, in the
same or other bonds, Treasury notes, or other
evidences of debt against the United States,
to be allowed at par."
Here are provisions which, as I have already
said, in effect sequester two portions of the
revenues of theSe roads for the purpose of
paying the debt and interest, and further make
a provision that the whole or a part of that
debt may be paid in other securities. Now
it is alleged, in the first place, that this pro-
vision applies only to the bonds at maturity, not
to the coupons as they mature. To that propo-
sition I cannot assent. The coupons are as
mueh a part of the bonds as the principal
which shall come due at the maturity, and the
company is as much bound to pay the cou-
pon at maturity as it is bound to pay the prin-
cipal under the terms of that act. If, then,
the company does not pay the coupon at matu-
rity, the Secretary of the Treasury may, in
accordance with the provisions of this act,
demand the payment, of the money, or the
President may excrcise the power to which
