1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
no objection, tie report of the Senator from
Wisconsin will be received.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R, No. 3857)
for the relief of J. George Harris, reported it
without amendment.
RAILROAD LANDS OR BONDS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution directing a committee
to make a certain inquiry, and to suspend cer-
tain action meantime, to which I hope there
will be no objection. I ask that it may be
considered now:
Meiolvcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, or any company authorized to
build a branch road to connect therewith, or any
assignee of such company, will be entitled to lands
or bonds for any road which such company may
hereafter construct; and that until said committee
shall report the executive officers of the Govern-
ment are requested to issue no bonds or patent cer-
tificates that may be claimed for roads constructed
and reported after this date.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that, but it seems to me it undertakes by reso-
lution of the Senate to suspend the execution
of a law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. N ot precisely. It under-
takes to do merely what we have done a
good many times in a case where difficulties
were foreseen ; it merely requests the execu-
tive officers to hold up until we can make an
inquiry. I have some reason to believe that
in a particular instance, which I should be
glad to name to the Senator, there is some dan-
ger that considerable damage may be done if
the law turns out to be one way, which may
be prevented if we request the executive offi-
cers to hold up until the inquiry is made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it within the discretion
of the executive officers to suspend the mat-
ter?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is entirely discretion-
ary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt the power of the
Senate in the premises, and I doubt the ex-
pediency of the Senate acting on the state-
ment of Senators that there are facts that
justify the exercise of this high power, for we
have no such power; but if it is discretionary,
I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have done it over
and over again.
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
ASSISNMENTS OF BD8INKSS.
Mr. PRATT. ' I request that an hour to-
morrow evening may be allowed to the Com-
mittee on Pensions for the purpose of con-
sidering private bills reported from time to
time by that Committee. They have accumu-
lated on the Calendar until they number now
between forty and fifty, and at the rate we are
progressing each morning on the call of the Cal-
endar there is not much prospect of their being
considered unless a specific time is set apart
for the consideration of those eases. I think
they may all be considered within the space
of an hour. Nearly every Senator on this
floor is interested in such cases, and I hope
inasmuch as that Committee has not had any
day this session, it may be allowed an hour
to-morrow evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks the consent of the Sen-
ate that an hour be assigned to-morrow even-
ing for the consideration of bills reported by
the Committee on Pensions. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. HOWE. I shall not object to that re-
quest, but 1 think if the Senate accede to it
they ought in justice to give an equal oppor-
tunity to the consideration of business from
the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. WILSON. We will give you an hour.
Mr. HOWE. An hour will not answer for
the consideration of bills from the Committee
on Claims, b.-cause the reports are pretty
lengthy. Will there be any objection to set-
ting aside to-morrow evening for the consider-
ation of bills from the Committees on Pensions
and Claims?
Mri SHERMAN. Our rule forbids special
orders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rule forbids special
orders j and the best thing to advance the busi-
ness, it I may be pardoned for saying so, and
to give everybody an equal chance, is to go
right on with the Calendar of unobjected
cases, and I will promise not to object to any
case that I have not very serious reasons for
objecting to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont object?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I feel obliged
to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
0. T. BROWN AND J. J. S. IIASSLER
The consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
3952) to authorize the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts of Charles
T. Brown and J. J. S. Hasslor, late agents for
the Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, on the
grounds of equity and justice, was resumed as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know the
reasons for that bill.
Mr. BOREM AN. I have explained the mat-
ter three or four times. A similar bill passed
the Senate once, and went to the House, but
instead of amending our bill they have sent
here a new bill in different phraseology. It is
not a question about money, but receipts that
should have passed for property on the change
of Indian agents.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amount in-
volved ?
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not know precisely,
but it is not much. I have talked with the
Second Auditor about it. I asked him whether
he could settle the accounts either for or
against the officers, and he said he could not
without some discretion. There is not much
involved in it, I am told.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only reluctance I
have about the passage of that bill is the
amount. The Senator tells us that there is no
large sum involved in it.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think not, I have talked
to the Second Auditor about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill is blindly drawn.
Mr. BOREMAN. It is about some property
entirely.
Mr. DAVIS. It is entirely about property,
not a dollar of money.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. RICE. I will make this statement.
There is nothing'involved in it. There is no
pretense of any loss of property. It is simple
to enable a settlement to be made, which can-
not be made without such a bill.
Mr. FRELINGH UYSEN. Is there nothing
to be paid ?
Mr. RICE. Nothing. There is no money
in it.
The bill was passed.
PUBLIC PROPERTY IN CHICAGO.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask consent of the Senate,
while we are waiting for Senators, to take up
bill No. 1550, that it may be acted on. It is
a bill (S. No. 1550) providing for the exchange
of the old custom-house and post office site
and buildings in Chicago for other lands in
that city.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
House bill on the same subject, identically the
same. . .
Mr. LOGAN. I have got the wrong num-
ber. I intended to call up the House bill
which has been reported favorably by two
committees, and there will be no objection to
it, I am sure, _when_ it is read, I want the
House bill, which is just like this, taken up.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
4034) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to dispose of the old post office property in
Chicago was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to exchange with the
city of Chicago the piece of land, with, the
remains of the old custom-house and post
office building thereon, at the corner of Mon-
roe and Dearborn streets, in the city of Chi-
cago, Illinois, (fronting one hundred and ninety
feet on Dearborn street and ninety feet on
Monroe street, or thereabout,) for the j>iece of
land, the property of the school fund of the
city of Chicago, at the corner of Polk Street
and Fifth avenue, fronting three hundred and
eighty feet on Polk street and a hundred
and ninety-eight and a half feet on Fifth
avenue, or thereabouts ; the difference in value
between Such pieces of land to be ascertained
by a commission to consist of five persons, two
of whom shall be appointed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, two by the municipal author-
ities of the city of Chicago ; and the four com-
missioners so selected shall choose a fifth, and
upon the receipt of the report of such com-
mission, or of a majority, and its approval by
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Government
of the United States or the city of Chicago, as
the case may be, is to pay to the other in
money the difference so ascertained in the
value of the pieces of land; but any money
which the United States may be required to
pay is to be subject to future appropriation by
Congress. The State of Illinois is to cede to
the United States its jurisdiction over the
property thus acquired by the United States
together with the right to tax or in any way
assess that land or the property of the United
States that may be thereon during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the
owner thereof.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to strike
out of that bill that provision about ceding
jurisdiction. I think we are going greatly too
far m that way. Every post office we build,
every custom-house we get, every court-house
we get, we are requiring the State to assent to
the purchase, so as to bring it under the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of Congress and withdraw
it from the jurisdiction of the State and the
criminal laws of the State and make it a sort
of White Friars. I think it is time to put a
stop to that. There is no necessity in the
world for it. The United States may own
property in a State, like any other property-
holder, and use it for a court-house or for a
jail, or for a custom-house, or for any other
public building whatsoever.
In regard to the courts it is different. There
the Government ought to have exclusive
jurisdiction. I think we ought to ask of the
State, if indeed that be necessary, that the
State will not tax the property of the General
Government; but to bring it within that clause
of the Constitution which gives us exclusive
jurisdiction over it and ousts all jurisdiction
of the State for crimes and ofifenses committed
or prohibiting the civil process of the State
from running in it, strikes me as being of evil
example and a pernicious folly. I hope the
Senate will consent to strike that out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from Ohio will not make this motion
on this bill at this late period, it having already
passed the House. I admit that the point
made by the Senator from Ohio is well worth
considering; but if we are to adopt anew pol-
icy, would it not be better to commence at
the begining of a session in relation'to all
bills of this character?
Mr, THURMAN. I do not wish to inter-
pose any objection that would defeat this bill.
If Senators think it may have the effect to de-
feat the bill I will not make any motion in
regard to it; but I certainly do feel disposed,
whenever the question can come up and be
fairly discussed, to ask the Senate to cease
making these places of refuge.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to the
