1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
precedent the Senator proposes being estab-
lished at the proper time. I agree with the
theory of the Senator from Ohio ; but this bill
is a matter of very small importance to the
country. It is a matter that the Secretary of
the Treasury desires done in a letter to the
committee, and it is important it should be
done. The bill has passed the House, and I
hope it will not be sent back.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 will not move an
amendment to this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes, to report it back with
amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to reserve all
points of order upon that bill and its amend-
ments, as to the reception of amendments and
other grounds, so that it shall not be considered
as a waiver when the bill comes to be consid-
ered.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, and Mr. AN-
THONY submitted amendments intended to
be proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No.
3921) making appropriations for sundry eivil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses ; which were referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 3922) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed. ■ jnwas LASDg_
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to tgke up Senate bill No. 1331. It will
take but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1331) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of certain tribes
of Indians in the northern superintendency,"
approved June 10, 1872.
The bill proposes to amend the third section
of an act for the relief of certain tribes of
Indians in the northern superintendency,
approved June 10, 1872, so as to authorize the
Setiretary of the Interior, with the consent and
concurrence of the Ottoe and Missouria tribe
of Indians, expressed in open council in the
usual maimer, to cause to be surveyed, if
necessary, the entire reservation of those In-
dians lying in the States of Nebraska and
Kansas, and to appraise and dispose of the
same for the beneht of the aforesaid Indians
in the manner therein provided.
It also proposes to amend the fourth section
of the act so as to authoriz« the Secretary of
the Interior to cause to be surveyed, if neces-
sary. appraised, and disposed of, m the man
ner therein provided for that portion of the
Sac and Fox Indian reservation in the State
of Nebraska, such p.irt of their reservation as
lies withiu the State of Kansas.
The Committee on Indian Affairs proposed
to amend the bill by inserting in line eleven
of,section one. after the word "Kansas" the
words " or any portion thereof.'' and inline
thirteen by sinking out the words "in the
manner theiein provided," aud inserting—
"To actual settlers under the tcrmsand in accord-
ance with the Kovinoua ol the preemption law in
nit re-T<H't^ except that '■  ■'0 he paid tor |aid
land by said pm-mptorsshall be its value as fixed by
saut ttH.raisal: Pr"tidtd, That in eacbnf soch eases
the Urns is not appraised at less than K 60 per aere.
The amend uieut was agreed to.
In section two the committee proposed to
strike out in line four the word, "therein"
after the word "manner," and after the words
" provided for " to insert the words " in sec-
tion one of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is a bill to allow the
Ottoe tribe of Indians, who were permitted by
an act of Congress to sell a portion of their
reservation, to sell it all to actual settlers
under the preemption law, at the appraised
value of the land, if they wish to do so. They
decline to sell a portion of their reservation
under the law which we passed last session,
unless they have the privilege of selling it all,
and this provides that they may do it if they
express their desire to do it in open council.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to knoiv if it is to
be sold under the homestead and preemption
laws by the Government, or whether it can
be sold in large quantities or in bulk by the
Indians.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The bill is " under the
terms and in accordance with the provisions
of the preemption law in all respects except
that the price to be "paid" shall be the ap-
praised value.
Mr. STEWART. That is all right.
Mr. SHERMAN. What will become of the
Indians afterward ?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. They are to go if they
choose to the Indian territory. It is at their
election.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the money go to
them in severalty?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It goes to them, but
not in severalty. The bill does not. provide
for that. It goes into the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Interior in trust.
Mr. SHERMAN. And is the United States
relieved from all responsibility for their care
after that?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The bill does not pro-
vide for that.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
EXECUTION OF LAWS IN UTAH.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask the Senate to fake
up House bill No. 3659, for the relief of
William Selden.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I must insist
on the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey demands the regular
order.
Mr. MACHEN. I hope the Senator from
New Jersey will allow this bill to be con-
sidered. It is for the benefit of an old gen-
tleman in this city.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will state to
the Senator that there are half a dozen Sen-
ators making the same request. I must insist
on the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
demand of the Senator from New Jersey the
business before the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole, is the bill (8. No. 1540) in aid
of the execution of the laws in the Territory
of Utah, and for other purposes. The ques-
tion pending is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Craoin.]
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strike out the
eleventh section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senate that the question at
this moment is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, which was pending
when the recess began, and the Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. At the end of the twenty-
second section the amendment is to insert:
At all elections it shall be the duty of the per-
sons or officers holding or conducting the elections
at any Toting precinct or election district, immedi-
ately after the polls are olosed, and withojit ail .ad-
journment, to publicly open aha edetat' the Ballots
cast at such precinct or district, and- on the comple-
tion of such count to publicly anaounee. the result
before transmitting the lujlt-bookrf or other record
of the vote to the person or officer entitled to receive
the same; and any violation, or attempt to violate,
this provision shall be deemed s felaajr; and upon,
conviction thereof the person so ouet.ii.ling shiilihe
punished as in this section hereinbefore provided.
Mr. THURMAN. I have nothing to say on
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment just read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I move to strike
out the eleventh section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart-] had offered an amendment, which
was reserved till action should be had, oxt the
amendment, which has just been adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to withdraw
it for the purpose of allowing the Senator from
Ohio to make his motion, and afterward I
shall renew it in some form, so as to have
that question definitely fixed m the bill before
it passes from before the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President,, the elev-
enth section as it now stands provides that a
woman who is not the wife of a man, bat who
has held the relation of spouse or consort to
him under a so-called but not a legal marriage#
"may take proceedings in court to fee dis-
charged from such relation and that aptice
being given to the man, the cause shall be
heard, and it shall be lawful for the .court to
adjudge and decree her discharged and freed
from such relation—
And may adjudge and decree to her the posses-
sion and control of her minor child or children,
together with such portion of the estate and prop-
erty of the said man to whom she held the said rela-
tion as shail, under all the circumstances, be equit-
able and just for the support of herself and minor
child or children, and the said court shall cause to
be made oil the records an entry of such decree, and
give to her a declaration of discharge, setting forth
briefly the substance of such decree, and upon the
entry of such decree the sad woman so discharged
shall be & feme-sole.
Then there is a proviso—
That nothing in this section contained 3hall bo
construed to have the effect of recogniamgthe valid-
ity or legal effect of any dual or plural marriage, or
to repeal any laws m relation to divorce; and noth-
ing in this act shall be held to repeal, annual, or
change any existing laws against polygamy or big-
amy otherwise than as the same are modifijed in re-
gard to the evidence admissible to prove the said
offenses bythe preceding section's.
11 will be seen that this is En anomaly in legist
lation which proposes that a legal proceeding
may be instituted by a woman who is not a
wife against a man, and that the court shall
hear the ease and adjudge her to be discharged
from that relation.
Mr. President, in Rome concubinage was a
legal or quasi legal relation, and I believe
among the Jews it was a quasi iegal relation;
but concubinage has never been a legal relation
in the United States. It never has heeded
the decree of any court to free the: woman
from that relation, nor has it every been neces-
sary that any court should decree to her the
custody of her children. On the contrary, the
maxim of the common law is that such a
child has no father. This provision, there-
fore, is an anomaly. The whole operative
part of the section is contained in the provis-
ion that the woman may obtain a decree con-
veying a portion of the property of the man.
The idea set forth in express terms in this
section, that after the decree she shall be a
fame-sole, when you have set forth in the pre-
ceding part of the section thai she is not a
married woman, strikes me as a little singular.
The whole operative part of the section is
simply this, that a Mormon's wife who is not
his first wife may proceed in court to get a
portion of his property; and that being the
whole of it all this about being discharged from
the relation and beingf decreed the custody of
the children ought to be stricken out, because
