840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
will be due. He says that this is a fallacious
computation of one hundred and fifty millions
and upward because it does not take into
account this five per cent, which the charters
do say shall be retained from the completion
of the road and applied aa a sinking fund to
the reduction of this enormous sum that would
otherwise mount up at the end of thirty years;
but we find out that the fact is that although
every man, woman, and child in the United
Sillies knows that these roads have been com-
pleted for years and years, and knows that
they have had every year net earnings, not a
single dollar lias been appropriated or set
apart or covered into the Treasury to create
and uphold this sinking fund. Why not? Be-
cause they say the road is not completed ; the
last lie perhaps going into the city of San
Francisco is left unlaid, and a rail is left to
spring under the pressure of the locomotive
where there ought to be a tie, and so the road
is not completed. My friend falls back on the
Government directors. He says he does not
know that it is their business. 1 do not, know
that it is. I only take what he said. Hesays
the Government, directors ought to see to this
business. The Government directors are only
an integral part of a larger number of people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. if I said that, I did not
mean to be understood as finding any fault
with the Government diiectors, because I am
not advised as to whether they are in fault at
all. 1 have not looked over the law with
that view. I merely referred to this point for
another purpose, without having informed
myself as to the duties of the Government
directors, and 1 did not mean in what I said, if
I was so understood, to impute fault to any-
body without having investigated and known
about it. I knew we had Government direct-
ors, and supposed perhaps they might have
looked into it; but I do not know that it was
their duty to do so, and I have not looked at
the law.
_RIr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I do not
think it, is. I have not gone into the discus-
sion before this time, and I shall not do so
now, of the conduct of these companies to-
ward the United States in respect to that
honor and fairness and high dealing which
ought to characterize business transactions
among men, because the proposition that I
had the honor to submit involved no such
consideration. I did not propose to criticise
their conduct. I did not propose to decide
anything against them. 1 only proposed to
say, " Certain freights that you earn for the
carriage of our property, you appearing to
owe us millions of dollars in respect to inter-
est, shall be kept in the Treasury until, in a
speedy way that we provide for you to do it,
you may have the judgmentof a court, determ-
ining that you have a light to take the
money."
But the Senator, in order to show that we
are not going to the bad about this business,
to get over the $150,000,000 that this will
amount to, says "Here is this five percent."
If 1 may be pardoned for calling the attention
of the Senate to it, here is this clear provis
ion of law, not limited upon the time within
which they might complete their roads, but
limited upon the fact of completion, a certain
amount of the net proceeds was to be paid
into the Treasury, and what do you find? You
find that having completed their roads through
the expenditure of the money of the people
of the United States, having made their net
profits from year to year, they decline or neg-
lect to pay in this five per cent, to create this
sinking fuud. Not a penny of it has gone
into the Treasury, and why? The Senator
from Nevada who sits behind me [Mr. Nye]
suggested in his seat that the time within
which they had authority to complete their
roads had four years to run yet. That is not
what the law says as to the five per cent.
The law speaks of the fact of completion.
Mr. TKUMBULL. If the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him a moment, I have
now a little information on this subject handed
to me by a Senator. It is the report of the
Government directors of the Union and Cen-
tral Pacific railroads. They say :
" In section six of the act of July 1, 1862, it is pro-
vided ' that after the road is completed until said
bonds and interest are paid, at least five per cent,
of the net earnings of said road shall also be
annually applied to the payment thereof.'
" Here arises an important question: Is the road
completed? We think it is within- the fair and
reasonable signification of the term. In our judg-
ment it has been completed lor a period long enough
to embrace the two years ending June 30, 1872.
The net earnings of the companies for these two
years are reported as follows:
For the year ending June 30,1871 $3,443,078 78
For the year ending June 30,1872  3,142,132 14
Total for the two years 46,585.210 92
"The-five per cent, on this amount would be
$329,2F0 54. But the company clai'in that inasmuch
as the above shows the net receipts after merely
deducting the operating expenses, the interest
account should be added also. There is some force
in this position, so far as the interest on the first
mortgage bonds is concerned, as the Government
subordinated its lien to that of the holders of the
first mortgage/'
I will read no further from this report. I
have read this much as the only information I
have.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it seems these com-
panies have two reasons for not paying up the
five per cent., according to the report of the
Government directors. First, they say the
roads are not completed; second, they say
that "net earnings," which I suppose most
people would understand to mean a definite
balance of receipts from the income of the road
over running expenses, does not mean that at
all, but means what may be left after they have
paid the interest and all their liabilities to all
their other creditors except the United States.
That is " net earnings," and the Government
directors, appointed, as everybody knows, in
the interest of these companies and through
their influence, come and say that there is
some force in that. " Net earnings" are only
to be reached after all the liabilities of the
company are paid, always excepting their
liabilities to the United States. You can get
no possible construction of the statute, looking
at it at either end, fore or aft, as the sailors
would say, which will let the United States
into any of the benefits of this gi eat enterprise,
except the simple one of taxing the people to
pay the debts of these companies.
Now, Mr. President, what is this matter of
" completion V" They are to pay at least five
per cent, of the net earnings after the com-
pletion of the road. It is competent, there-
fore, for Congress to declare that they shall
pay more; but the statute would be mere
brutum fulmen, and would amount to nothing
unless you get your money. But we will take
it at five per cent. Now, what is "comple-
tion?" Let us turn for illustration to that
clause which required us to give out the bonds,
and see what is meant by completion there.
Here it is in the fifth section of the act.
"Completion," it seems, means one thing
when we are to issue the money of the peo-
ple to them, and it means an entirely dif-
ferent thing when they are called upon to put
up five per cent, to reimburse us.
"Sec. 5. That for the purposes hereinbefore men-
tioned the Secretary of the Treasury shall, upon
the certificate in writing of said commissioners of
tho completion and equipment of forty consecutive
miles ot said railroad and telegraph in accordanco
with tho provisions of this act, issue to said com-
pany bonds of tho United States." &e.
There you have a pretty definite definition
of a completion. _ There you find the use of
tbe term upon which these same parties have
insisted upon it to the commissioners of the
United States, that their road has been com-
pleted. You have the certificate of the com-
missioners that it has been completed. You
have the people taxed to give them the bonds,
and to pay the interest upon them, and the
bonds are given to them. But when you come
to the other clause which says, according to
the provisions of this act, this completion
being done they shall have the bonds, and
they shall pay in five per cent., they keep the
money and turn around with the utmost cool-
ness, and say, " Oh no, this road is not done ;
there is ballasting to be done here and there ;
there is a new bridge to be built here ; there
is a saloon car for tbe directors and their
friends to be built," and so on. Perhaps
there is another corporation to which the
Union Pacific may be still indebted, and the
Central Pacific, and the other Pacifics. It is
all a pacific performance certainly, Mr. Presi-
dent, before this road can be considered as
completed. I suppose they will hold that the
real completion of the road means when the
United States shall have paid the principal of
these bonds as well as the interest, and the
performance shall be completed by a final
release to these corporations of all claim that
we have.
But, as I said, Ms. President, I do not de-
sire to go into what appears to be the shameful
conduct of these companies in respect to keep-
ing faith with us, for thereason that the amend-
ment that I have offered does not raise any
such question. I did not intend it to raise any
such question, because I desired that every de-
fender of these companies in their perform-
ances should be willing to say, let them apply
to the Court of Claims to recover this small
amount of freights, the retention of which for
a year will not embarrass them, and then all
these questions can be tried by the Supreme
Court in the shortest possible manner.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To obviate the
difficulty suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont, which I think is perhaps insuperable, I
withdraw the amendment 1 submitted, and
offer the one that I now send to the Chair as
a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine withdraws the amendment
offered by him as a substitute, and in lieu
thereof offers another, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the word "and" in the first line of the amend-
ment, and to insert:
It shall be the duty of the President to take such
measures, or to institute in court such suits as may
be necessary to recover from the Pacific railroad
companies the interest paid by the United States
on bonds issued for tbe use of either of said roads ;
and jurisdiction is hereby conferred upon the circuit
court of the United States for the southern district
of New York to hear and determine soch suits,
subject to appeal as in other cases.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjo'urn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes seventeen.
Mr. SHERMAN. I callfortheyeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Cragin, Gilbert,
Ilamlin, Howe. Morrill of Maine, Morrill ot Ver-
mont, j ye, Patterson,Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Tip-
ton.Trumbull, Wilson,Windom, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bjyard, Boremm,
Buckingham. Casserly, Cnandler, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Davis, .Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frchnghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Uarlan,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, IiOgan, Machen, Nor-
wood, Fool, Ramsey, Robertson, Sehurz, Spencer,
Sprasue, Stevenson, Stewart, and West—31.
AB^FNT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter,Clayton, Cooper, Fenton, Ferry
?f. Connecticut, (ioldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas,
itilt, Lewis, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ran-
som, Rice. Saulsbury, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
and Viekers—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on yesterday
approved and signed the following acts :
An act (S. No. 1172) for the relief of Levf
J. Powell;
