1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
if polygamy was legal in Utah during a certain
period, as argued by the Senator from Indiana,
then this section will help none but those polyg-
amous wives; it only helps those who are not
legal wives. If during the period mentioned
by the Senator from Indiana a Mormon had
twenty wives not one of them can take the
benefitof this section. It can only, therefore,
apply in the case of a woman, in the very terms
of the act, who is not legally married to the man;
in other words, only in the case of a wife who
is a concubine. And now, Mr. President, how-
ever the woman may be entitled to our sympa-
thies, however pure in mind that woman may
have been, yet it looks strange that the Con-
gress of the United States should enact a law
to enable a woman who lives in an illegal rela-
tion with a man to go into court and obtain such
a decree as this.
That, however, I must confess, in view of
the peculiar circumstances in that Territory,
is not the principal objection I have to this
section. I am very apprehensive that this
section, if it become a law, will be made the
instrument of very great mischief without any
corresponding good whatsoever. The situa-
tion of a new country in respect to the legal
profession is very well worthy of observation.
A multitude of very intellectual young men
go to the Territories or new States in this
country ; young men full of energy, full of
life, full of vigor, and most of them of marked
capacity ; but while some of them are very
high-minded and educated men there are
others who are simply adventurers, there are
others without education.,and I am sorry to
say without character. Every Senator who
has lived in a new State knows how this is;
and I am sorry to say that the thing is getting
worse and worse; and I do very much fear
that a class in the profession who are no honor
to it at all except by their abilities would
make that section the means of stirring up
litigation in that Territory of the most painful,
the most distressing, and the most impolitic
character.
1 hope that the section will be stricken out.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not wish to
protract debate on thi3 subject. I hope the
section will not be stricken out. I listened to
the remarks of the Senator from Ohio before
the recess and was impressed by his argument
in favor of it so far as it applies to existing
marriages, but we thought it was right that
those who had been married in the past should
have the advantage of this measure analogous
to that of divorce in ordinary cases.
* Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow
me to correct him ? I was not giving my own
opinion, I was giving whatl understood to be
the motives of the commmittee in proposing
that section.
Mr. FIIELINGHUYSEN. I do not see
how iny friend could have been doing that,
inasmuch as the bill provides for the future as
well as the past. I understood his argument
to be in favor of the bill as to existing mar-
riages, but opposed to it as to this future
operation ; and the Senator from California
iinpressi-d me with the propriety of the meas-
ure as to future marriages. I think it is right
in both respects; it ought to apply to the past
and to the future.
As to the argument which is now adduced,
that it is a measure in favor of litigation, that
same argument would apply to every law that
we pass and to the whole system of divorce
and alimony as it exists in this country.
But I do not wish to protract debate. This
is a good bill; it meets the approval of the
Senator in all that part of it which relates to
the administration of justice and the enforce-
ment of law; and in reference to this eleventh
section let us simply have the vote.
Mr. CASSEULY. Mr. President, two things
are essential in a bill of this kind; one is that
it shall be efficient for the purpose in view, and
the other is that it shall not put upon the stat-
ute books a precedent in legislation which is
objectionable in any point of view, and espe-
cially in a moral or social point of view. Now
it seems to me, after much study of this sec-
tion, and after an attentive hearing of the dis-
cussion upon it, that the section is open to
objection in both the points of view I have
mentioned. • It is not efficient for the purpose
of abating Mormonism, and it does put upon
the statute-books of the United States a statu-
tory precedent which is against moral and
social virtue and propriety.
Before considering these two points, I beg
leave to say that I shall very reluctantly yield
to a decision of the Senate which shall retain
in the section the words "now or" in the first
line. There is no reason upon earth on the
ground of policy or propriety why we should
turn our faces backward and inflict au ex post
facto punishment for relations formed in the
past. Let it be admitted they are as culpable
as you will, still they were relations that grew
up under the tacit consent and the clear acqui-
escence of the Government for a great num-
ber of years, very nearly a quarter of a century.
The object of this bill—and I do not at all
question the entire good faith with which it
has been presented by the Judiciary Committee
as conducive to the object—is to eradicate
the evil of Mormonism in the Territory of
Utah. What is that evil? In the point of
view that we are now considering, it consists
of a plurality of wives. How do you put an
end to a plurality of wives? By using all
legitimate means to discourage the practice,
to discountenance it, to visit it with all proper
punishment. Does this bill do it? So far
from that, it gives a premium to the plural
wife ; it gives her an advantage over the law-
ful wife. Here is a section which, in the face
and eyes of all jurisprudence and of all legis-
lation on the question of divorce, proceeding
as they must do on the theory of lawful mar-
riage, provides for a divorce in the case of
a union which is no marriage, which is unlaw-
ful. That is singularity in legislation num-
ber one.
The next is that it permits this concubine,
or consort, or spouse, or whatever you call
her, to go into court and get a decree dis-
charging her from the relation from which
she needs no court to discharge her. She
needs merely a prompting of that better nature
which is never extinguished in woman to en-
able her at any time to cast off these bonds and
walk forth and be free. She is to have a decree,
subjecting a court of the United States to the
extraordinary and mortifying spectacle of
going through the farce of dissolving a mar-
riage where there is none, of liberating her
from a bond which she may by a breath free
herself from at any moment.
That is not all, sir. She takes a benefit out
of her share of the transaction. I do not
complain that she is to have, if the judge so
thinks, the custody and charge of her minor
child or children. It is the merciful doctrine
of the common law that the mother of an
illegitimate child shall be always entitled to
the custody of that child. It may be that it
proceeds upon a fiction that such a child has
no father; but in this case at least it is a
fiction of mercy.
But more, sir ; she may claim a portion of
the estate and property of the man, for what?
Upon what grounds? Any such apportion-
ment of the property of the man in any
such case proceeds upon the theory that such
relations have existed between the woman
plaintiff and the male defendant by reason
of their marriage, as to authorize the court in
consideration of what is due to her, what is
due to the great institution of Christian mar-
riage upon which all our civilization rests, to
set apart to her some portion of the male
defendant's property. There is no such basis
here ; there is no such consideration. She is
to have her share of the property just as
much as though she were the lawful and in-
jured wife. For the lawful and injured wife,
as there must be in every such case, to permit
the plaintiff to claim as an unlawful wife, what
does this section provide? Nothing in tha
world, no protection, no security, no proceed-
ing in court for her.
Perhaps somebody will say that the general
law of divorce is sufficient for her. Ah, sir ;
is it indeed? After one, two, three, four, a
dozen of these unlawful wives have taken ad-
vantage of your section eleven and have had
the court distribute among them the whole or
the greater part of the man's property, what
is there left for the lawful wife? To her it be-
longs, upon any theory of Christian marriage
which has ever been entertained in courts,
upon any rule of law or any doctrine of com-
munity of property, upon any view of the part-
nership that exists in Christian marriage be-
tween the husband and the wife, upon any
view of the comfort and consolation and con-
sortship of that holy and inestimable state.
She is to lose all that. Her children, be they
many or be they few, may go forth upon the
world after the household, such as it was, more
Asiatic than European in its character, has
been broken up. She and they may go forth
wanderers on the face of the earth ; and that
is the kind of remedy, and that is the benefit
which is to accrue to sound morals and Chris-
tian institutions in the Territory of Utah from
section eleven !
I know, sir, that that was not intended; it
never could have been intended from the hus-
bands and the fathers who compose the majority
of your Judiciary Committee. My friend from
Ohio reminds me that the whole committee is
composed of gentlemen who enjoy those price-
less relations of good and of virtue and of hap-
piness at home and abroad. I confess it was
not until a short time before the recess this
afternoon that the character of this section
struck me fully, as I have described it. I might
possibly have voted for it but for that discovery;
but as it stands I never can vote for it under
any circumstances whatever. I never will vote
to put the unlawful wife above the lawful wife.
Call the unlawful wife what you please; I
quarrel with no one about names ; you may
smooth it over by calling her "contort" or
"spouse," still, sir, the Sarah of the house is
the wife, properly considered, by all laws, new
or old, human or divine.
I think I hear my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] say, "she can have a divorce, too."
Yes, sir, she can have a divorce, too, after
'perhaps six, eight, ten, fifteen, twenty consorts
or spouses have swept away the great bulk of
the property of the man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will per-
mit me, let me remind him that the lawful
wife, the Sarah, can have a divorce now under
the law as it stands, just as any woman would
in a civilized community whose husband has
married another wife, unless she has condoned
it and gone into the general partnership of her
own free will, and if so, she ought to stand
with the rest of the partners.
Mr. CASSERLY. I could not have at-
tracted the attention of the Senator for I
went over all that just now. I was perfectly
aware of what the lawful wife may do under
the law of divorce ; and what I say is, and I
challenge contradiction, that this bill in section
eleven places the unlawful wife on pre-
cisely the same footing with the lawful wife.
It enables her to go into court and by a singu-
lar contradiction of legislation and jurispru-
dence to obtain a divorce as though there was
a marriage, to have the custody of the chil-
dren, of which I do not complain, for that is
the common law, and further to have a division
of the property of the man and to have her
share out of it just as though she was a law-
ful wife. Why, sir, what contradictions I
She can sue ouly as an unlawful wife, but she
gets her remedy as though she was a lawful
wife! She comes into court on the low plane
of a consort or spouse, by which we must un-
derstand a concubine or something of that
