1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803:
sort, and by the terms of the decree she comes
out of it on a level equal with the lawful wife !
When the Senator from Indiana challenged
the Senator from New Jersey this afternoon
as to this section on the ground that it permitted
the bastardizing of the children, the Senator
from New Jersey promptly repelled the accu-
sation. Mr. President, the accusation was
well founded. Of course the decree which is
provided for by your section eleven must bas-
tardize the children. The very foundation of
it is that the woman who seeks it. the woman
who brings the suit is not a lawful wife but an
unlawful one. That is the very first fact to be
established in the "adjudication. And when
you have established it, what becomes of the
children? What is the child of an unlawful
connection? He is not legitimate. You give
her the custody, regularly speaking upon the
footing of the common law, which gives the
custody of the illegitimate child to the unfor-
tunate mother.
How can lawyers of eminence and experi-
ence for one moment doubt that the effect of
this section must be all that I have described ;
and that in the last particular of which I have
spoken the direet effect of any adjudication in
favor of a female plaintiff, if there are chil-
dren in the ease, is to brand those children with
the shame of bastards? No, sir; a thousand
times better let the whole thing be buried in
the oblivion of the past with all its errors, and
all its offenses against morals, against society,
against good government, against the most
fundamental ideas of American civilization,
rather than have them brought up, resuscitated
from an oblivion in which they ought to lie,
specters to scare the country.
Let this section be struck out of this bill.
It is not necessary to its efficient working ; on
the contrary, it mars its efficient working.
"Now or hereafter," says your section; any
woman who chooses to engage herself in this
kind of illegitimate and noxious connection is
informed in advance that she can go into court
whenever she pleases and be discharged from
that relation, whatever "discharge'' may
mean in such a connection as that. Not only
that, sir, she can have the children, and
further she can have an equitable share of the
man's possessions. There is no provision for
notice to the one person upon God Almighty's
earth who is most affected by this proceeding,
who has the best right to notice of it and the
best right to have her day in court to contest1
it; that is, the lawful wife. She has no day
in court. No provision is made for notice to
her. The eleventh section ignores her as
though she did not exist. The second-hand
wife, the "consort or spouse," as she is dig-
nified in this section, may go there, and upon
a notice to the man she can break up his
household and parcel about his property and
have herself and her children provided for.
It is not Hagar but Sarah that is sent forth
into the wilderness to pine and to suffer alone
with her child under the shadow of Judean
injustice and to die in the desert of your
inconsiderate legislation.
I should be false to every conviction which
I have as a man, as a citizen, and as a mem-
ber of this eminent body, if I did not by argu-
ment and by appeals and by illustrations do
all I can to impress on the Senate now listen-
ing the earnestness which I feel on this vital
subject. I trust, as the simplest solution ot
the difficulties we have all felt in trying to
make this section what it ought to be, and
what I verily believe the Judiciary Committee
meant it should be, that we shall strike it all
out. If it is a good provision of law, a whole-
some thing to have in legislation, we can put
it in at the next session. There is not tune
left at this session, in the face of the enormous
pressure of public business that is towering
over our heads like a breaker upon the shore
ready to swamp us at every moment, to make
this section what it ought to be. If there is to
be a provision upon the statutes of the Uuited
States whereby the unlawful wife shall have
priority and preference beyond the lawful
wife, for heaven's sake let us guard it so that
it shall not shock beyond what is necessary
the moral sense of this country and mankind.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I have never
found in Congress any Representative out-
side of those embracing the Mormon theory
that was willing to admit that he was a defender
of polygamy, but I have always found that it
was very hard to legislate against it. Strange
reasons are given always against legislation,
and in order to illustrate my idea of strange
reasons, I propose for a few minutes to attempt
at least to answer the argument of my friend
from California.
First, he says we should be careful about in-
terfering with the relations that exist in this
peculiar character in the Territory of Utah.
Why ? Because, forsooth, we have acquiesced
in the existence of these relations for some
twenty-five years, or more, and having acqui-
esced for that length of time, we have in a
measure, legalized them, and inasmuch as we
have done that, we should not interfere now.
After reasoning that we have in a measure
legalized polygamy, he says next that we ought
not to interfere with it. We hear him saythat
this eleventh section authorizes the consort
or the concubine to prosecute an action for
divorce—a thing unknown to the laws of any
country in the world. That is strange reason-
ing. First, he says we legalized the institution
by acquiescing, and then by this legislation we
give authority to do a thing that there is no
authority for. What next? My friend says
that if this section is permitted to be retained
in this bill it will encourage litigation ; that is
to say, it will encourage women to prosecute
actions for divorce. Let me answer that
proposition.
Mr. CASSERLY. I know very well that
the Senator from Illinois intends to treat my
argument fairly.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I said was that it
encouraged women to form these vicious rela-
tions in the future. 1 said nothing about liti-
gation.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, then form them
for what purpose ? In order that they might
be provided for by litigation. That is what
you mean, is it not?
Mr. CASSERLY. That is what I mean.
Mr. LOGAN. That is to say, they will
form these relations so that they may prose-
cute suite and be supported by obtaining a
divorce from the court. Now if it does that I
am ten times more for it than I ever was; and
why ? The very facc that it will produce liti-
gation and cause women to prosecute suits
against men for their support, will prevent
men from accumulating more wives than one
so that they shall not be prosecuted for
divorce. The very argument the Senator
uses is a strong argument in favor of this sec-
tion. I do not care to follow the argument of
the Senator along. There are other reasons
why a section of this kind ought to be in this
bill- T .
The gentleman says it is strange. It is
true that if we were dealing with the people
here in the District of Columbia, or in any of
our States, who conform to the laws of the
country, it would perhaps be rather strange
legislation; but the Senate must understand
that we are dealing with a peculiar institution,
an exceptional case, an 1 hence it requires
exceptional legislation. We are dealing with
, a peculiar institution requiring peculiar legis-
lation to meet it. I presume we are all aux-
' ious that wo should as rapidly as possible
obliterate and strike from this country this
stain of polygamy. If so we should legislate
in such a mauner as although not to strike it
down perhaps at ouce and affect the marital
relations, to produce soon the result we desire.
Now, sir, how shall we do it? You will do
it by encouraging woman to obtain divorce
and change that relation. I am in favor of
that. As it stands to-day, the second, third,
fourth, fifth, or twentieth wife will not prose-
cute an action for a divorce. Why ? Because
the rules of their church to which they owe
their allegiance, as they believe, over and
above that which they owe to the Government,
is of such a character that if they should
prosecute an action, or attempt the prosecution
of an action, as this bill authorizes, to separate
themselves, they would suffer punishment
under the rules of their church. They are
held in terror; and the Senator knows, if he
is acquainted with that institution, that they
are held in terror by the rules and power of
the church, so that they dare not separate
themselves for the reason that they have no
protection. In the first place, they would be
denied by that whole community all the rights
and privileges of other people ; they would be
denied entranee into houses; they would be
denied shelter; they would be denied protec-
tion ; they would be denied sustenance; they
could not obtain labor. The edicts of the
church would deprive them of all the rights
and protection that men or women should
have, and every one knows that to be the fact.
The only way then that you can destroy this
relation is by giving these women a legal rem-
edy and by providing by law that protection
which they should be entitled to, and giving
them part and parcel of the property that they
have aided in accumulating, until they can be
sustained a sufficient length of time for them
to procure employment so that they may make
a living for themselves. In my judgment the
very moment that you give to them this pro-
tection and this right under the law and the
authority to enforce it, you will find polygamy
on the decrease instead of on the increase.
I could relate many things that I have heard
in that country in reference to this matter,
which I am not disposed to do. I am only
disposed to reason in reference to it according
to my idea of it. I am satisfied that whenever
you give protection to these people by law, you
will find them tiring very rapidly of polygamy.
There are hundreds who are tired of it now,
but they have no protection, they have no
escape. Their lives are worth nothing if they
altempt to violate the rules of the church, as
has been proven and shown in more than one
instance.
I only say this much in order to give my
reasons why I am in favor of this section,
peculiar as it may be, for I think it is one
equally as good as any in this bill, and part
and parcel of the remedy that must be pro-
vided if this institution is to be destroyed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I hope we may at once take a vote upon this
eleventh section. It has been fully discussed.
The argument adduced against it is that it will
render the children illegitimate. There is
nothing in that argument. If they are illegiti-
mate as the children of an unlawful marriage
before we pass this bill, they will be so after-
ward ; and if they are not so before the pass-
age of this act, they will not be made so by
this act. There is nothing in this legislation
which affects one way or the other the legiti-
macy of the children.
And as to the argument of the Senator from
Ohio that it is a premium to women to enter
into this relation, thinking that they may be
discharged from it with a part of the property,
I think there is an equivalent as a considera-
tion on the other side, which counterbalances
that, that a man will be very careful how he
enters into a relation which is subject to that
burden.
Mr. President, we may be very tolerant; we
may be and ought to be humane and merciful
in our views in relation to this subject; but it
seems to me that for this Senate to hold that
we ought to refuse tbat legislation which en-
ables a woman who desires to free herself from
this relation and keep her in bondage to it,
would be a violation of all principle and aii
