842
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. WILSON. The Senator makes an
earnest appeal to me to withdraw this propo-
sition. The Senate has just refused to meet
to-morrow. I voted to meet to-morrow be-
cause I know there are a great number of bills
here and we shall be crowded on everything
in a few days, and I wanted to meet to-morrow
to.attend to business. I had engaged to be in
another place on Monday, but telegraphed
from my seat breaking the engagement because
I ^wanted to be here. Now, this bill is here.
It came to us from the House, has been re-
ferred to a committee, and the committee
reported several days ago. There is a great
anxiety among those whom the bill affects
that we shall have action upon it one way or
the other, and I simply ask that it be taken
up and assigned for Thursday of next week.
I think we can settle it on that day, and I do
hope the Senate will allow me to do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. NYE. This is precisely what occurred
yesterday when I asked to have a day assigned
for a certain bill.
" Mr. nye. I hope that will be suspended a mo-
mcnt until we can gat a vote on this.
''The presiding offices. The Senator from Ne-
vada asks that the pending order be laid aside
informally for the purpose of continuing this dis-
cussion.
" Mr. morrill, of Maine. I have no objection if
this leads to no delay.
" Mr. edmunds. The Senator from Nevada can-
not hx a special order for his business without a
two-thirds vote, whereas he has now given notice
that the moment the appropriation bill is acted
on ho will move to take it up, which a majority can
do; and under the circumstances no doubt the Chair
will.recognize him the moment this appropriation
bill is disposed of.
"Mr. nye. Very well.
."Mr. morrill, of Maino. It seems to me that
with that understanding it is as well as can be
done."
That is precisely what occurred,
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will yield to me to make a motion.
Mr. SPENCER. I do.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2901)
making appropriations for the legislative, exe-
cutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes.
kxkctjtivb session.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like if the Senate
would consent to have an executive session for
a few moments, and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After five minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
five o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 24, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. butlkr, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
election contest bowkn vs. de large.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of privilege.
I call up the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of Christopher C. Bowen vs.
Robert C. De Large, from the second congres-
sional district of South Carolina. The report
is verj- short, and I ask that it be read.
The Clerk lead as follows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom was com-
mitted tho memorial of Christopher C. Bowen, con-
testing the right of Robert C. De Large to a seat in
this House as Representative from the second con-
gressional district of South Carolina, respectfully
report:
The committee find, upon the whole evidence, that
said DeLarge did not receive a majority of the votes
legally cast at the election in said district, and is not
entitled to the seat.
This case came on to be heard before the committee
at the December session of 1871-72. Mr. De Large
then applied for a postponement, and for leave to
take further testimony, on the ground that the
counsel employed by him to prepare his cause and
take testimony in his behalf had possession of the
evidence, and refused to surrender the same to be
used before the committee, and further, that said
counsel had been tampered with and bribed by said
Bowen to act for him. The committee found both
these allegations to be proved. Some of the com-
mittee are of opinion that this proceeding, which
would furnish ground for the expulsion of the con-
testant, if he were a member, would justify a refusal
to permit him to proceed with the contest or to
award him the seat.
An opportunity to take further testimony was
granted to the sitting member, and for that purpose
the caso was postponed to the present session of
Congress.
On examination of all the testimony, and the
arguments on both sides, some of the committee are
of opinion that the frauds and irregularities in the
conduct of the election were so great that it is im-
possible to determine who had tho majority of the
ballots lawfully cast, and that for that reason the
sent should be declared vacant.
It further appeared that on the 19th day of
October, 1870, on the same day when he claims to
have been elected to this House, the contestant was
chosen a member of tho house of representatives of
the State of South Carolina for the period of two
years, and on the 1st day of November, 1872, took
the oath of office, and took his seat as a member of
said house.
It further appeared that in the fall of 1872 said
Bowen was elected sheriff of Charleston, South
Carolina, for the term ot four years, and on the 19th
of November, 1872, took the oath of office and en-
tered upon the duties of the same, which office he
now holds. These offices are, in their nature, incom-
patible with the office of member of this House, and
are expressly declared to be so by the constitution
ofbouth Carolina.
Some of the committee ore of opinion that tho
acceptance of these offices by Mr. Bowen disqualifies
him from the further prosecution of a claim to a seat
in this House, and from taking a seat therein, if he
shall be found to have been duly elected.
The committee are unanimous in finding all the
facts herein reported.
They are not unanimous in holding that each one
ot the reason? aforesaid is sufficient of itself to dis-
qualify the contestant.
But they are unanimously of opinion, on thewhole
case, that Mr. Bowen is not entitled to tho seat, and
m recommending tho adoption of the following
VeS- GEO. W. McCRARY,
GEO. F. HOAR.
WM. M. MBliRICK,
G. "VV. 1IAZKLTON,
W. E. ARTHUR,
E. Y. RICE.
Resolved, That Robert C. De Large is not enti-
tled to retain tho seat now held by him as a member
from tho second congressi onal district of South
Carolina.
That Christopher C. Bowen is not en-
titled to the seat claimed by him as [Representative
fromthe second congressional district of South
Carolina.
Note—The following is the provision of the con-
stitution oftoouth Carolina referred to in the forego-
ing-report, and of tho oath ot office therein pre-
scribedfor members of tho Legislature, and other
civil officers:
, Seo. 28. No person shall be eligible to a seat in
tiae General Assembly while ho holds any office of
profit or trust under this State, the United States of
America, or any of them, or under any other Power
except officers in the militia, magistrates, or justices
ot interior courts, while such justices receive no
salary. And if any member shall accept or exorcise
any of the said di&qunlilyinff offices he shall vacate
nti? scat: J rovidetL That this prohibition shall not
extend to the uicmbeis of tho first General Assem-
bly."
*' sec. 30. Members of the General Assembly, and
Mi olhecrs, before they enter upon the execution of i
the duties of their respective offices, and all mem-
bers of the bar before they enter upon the practice i
ot their profession, shall take and subscribe the fol- '
lowing oath: I do solemnly swear (or affirm, as 1
the5 ease may be) that I am duly qualified, according :
to tho Constitution of the United States, and ot this !
btate, to exercise the duties of the officc to which I ■
have been elected, (or appointed.) and that I will
iaithlully discharge, to the best of my abilities, the I
duties thereof; that I recognize the supremacy ot 1
the Constitution and the laws of the United States ■
over the constitution and laws of any State, and
that I will support, protect, and defend the Consti- i
tution ot the United States, and the constitution of
bouth Carolina, as ratified by tho people on the  1
aay °f-—18b8. So help me God.' And the presi-
dent of. this convention is authorized to fill the
manks m this section whenever ho shall receive
satisfactory information uf the day on which this
constitution shall be ratified."
Mr. HOAR. I desire to say that there is
one statement of fact in the report which is not
strictly accurate. The report states that the
contestant was elected to a seat in the Legis-
lature of South Carolina at the same time that
he claims to have been elected a member of
this House. That election was in fact held at
a subsequent day to that on which the election
was held under which he claims an election to
a seat in this House. At that subsequent elec-
tion he was elected to a seat in the Legislature
of South Carolina, and he took the oaih of
office and filled the position ; so that the error
of statement is an error in favor of the con-
testant.
I do not desire to address the House myself,
butthe contestant wishes to be heard, and, with
the consent of the Hon :p, I yield to him for
thirty minutes.
The SPEAKER. I* tin " ■ objection to the
contestant addressing the iloase? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. BOWEN, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker, the
election out of which this contest grew was
held on the 19th of October, 1870. At that
election I was a candidate for the position of
Representative in Congress from the second
congressional district of South Carolina.
There was also another candidate, Mr. De
Large, who is now the sitting member. The
allegations against the sitting member were
that frauds had been committed to such an
extent that he was not entitled to the seat; or,
in oilier words, that he had not been legally
elected, but that I had received a majority of
the legal votes cast at that election for the
office.
Notice was served upon the sitting member,
under the act of 1855, that 1 would contest his
seal. The sitting member put in his answer
to that notice, denying the allegations therein
contained. Notices were served upon him
that, at times, within the terms of the law, I
would examine certain witnesses at certain
times and places. I went on to examine those
witnesses, and he appeared by counsel and
cross-examined them. The book of testimony
which I hold in my hand, and now exhibit to
the House, is the result of that examination.
Not one witness did he summon to disprove
any of the allegations made in connection with
the frauds that had been perpetrated; not one
solitary word of testimony was taken, within
the sixty days prescribed by law, by him. On
the 4th of March, 1871, when this Congress
assembled, he came here without testimony,
went before the Committee of Elections, and
asked an extension of time upon the ground—
I stale it upon the information of a member of
the committee—that I had consumed the entire
sixty days allowed by law for the taking of
testimony. Now, Mr. Speaker, the record
shows that instead of consuming sixty days,
there were but sixteen days consumed by me,
and he had all the balance of the time if he
had wanted it. He did not avail himself of
one day of that time, but came here and
asked an extension, and the Committee of
lilections granted it on the showing which he
made, which was that he had not time to take
testimony. That extension carried him be-
ll jond that session of Congress; it carried him
i througu the summer; anu I now ask the Clerk
; to read the resolution under which that
extension was allowed.
! The Clerk read as follows:
j i.'* the house of represkntatives,
! - . March It, 1871.
'' of Flection"—f ^e^EAE'r' from the Committee
| lltydvnU That the time allowed by law for taking
1 the Vorlv £ l ??ntcstcd.electi°n 9f member to
! th ' 4,?;Se?SndfP°,!Jgre,?s fr"ra ,he second district
j ot the S<.ateof bouth Carolina, between C. C. Bowon
; contestant, and K. C. De Large, contestce, be hereby
extended lorsixty days Irom March 9 1871
Attest: EDWARD McPIIEUSON Ct<,/•
13y CLINTON" LLOYD, Chief' Clerk!
Mr. BOWEN, Under that resolution the
sitting member went through the summer, and
a year ago last December, when this Congress
