1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
assembled, he was as little prepared to go on
with his contest as lie was when he asked for
the extension. I was not in South Carolina
during the time of that extension, but I em-
ployed counsel to be at the different places fixed
to cross examine the witnesses he produced,
and although he produced few, ray counsel was
always there to cross-examine them.
In the mean time we camei>ack hereto Con-
gress and asked for a decision of this case.
The sitting member had not made his appear-
ance in Washington, aud did not appear here
until I came back here and asked that the case
be proceeded with. Then he was hunted up.
A motion was made by his counsel, before the
Committee of Elections, to dismiss this con-
test upon the ground, not, as stated in the
report, that I had been elected a member of the
Legislature on October 19, 1870, bat upon the
ground that during the recess of Congress I
had accepted the position of member of the
Legislature of South Carolina to fill a vacancy;
and that therefore I had waived all right that
I had to further contest this seat. That was
the motion made on the 2d day of April last.
Counsel were heard on both sides of that motion,
and the committee recorded upon their jour-
nal their verdict denying the motion, and that
it did not amount to anything.
This case was adjudicated last spring, and
upon the journal of the Committee of Elec-
tions is recorded to-day the verdict of the
committee denying the sitting member the
motion which he had made, which was, that,
holding the position of member of the State
Legislature, I was not entitled to proceed fur-
ther with this contest. But when the time
came for a final decision of the case, after evi-
dence'had been adduced proving every allega-
tion I had made, proving that the frauds which
I had charged had been perpetrated, had been
committed, in making up their report the
committee go back and, without any notice to
me, readjudicate the question which they had
decided on the 11th of last April. After they
they had decided the motion which was made
by my couusel, to dismiss this contest in my
favor, next came the counsel for the sitting
member and filed a motion asking for another
extension of time to take testimony. And as
a reason for that extension of "time it was
necessary to allege something, and something
was alleged In their report the committee
have seen fit to say :
"This ease came oil to be heard before the com-
mittee at the December session of 1871-72. Mr. De
Larso then applied for a postponement, and for
leave to take turther testimony, on the ground that
the counsel employed by him to prepare his cause
and take testimon> in his behalf had possession of
the evidence, and refused to surrender the same to
be used before the committee, and further that said
counsel had boon tampered with and bribed by said
Bowch to act for him."
I say it was necessary to allege something.
The sitting member had failed to use the first
sixty days that the law allowed him. He had
got another sixty days, and had proved noth-
ing. It was necessary to make allegations in
order'to get another extension of time, when
the committee would not dismiss the contest.
And the committeego on to say in their report
that they found both of these allegations to be
true.
Mr. Speaker, here is the testimony taken in
the case, and 1 ask the gentlemen who made
this report, or any one of tlic committee, to
point to one solitary word in all this testimony
that proves the allegations there made. Show
me one line, show me one word that proves
these allegations. If I am answered by the
gentleman, when he comes to reply^to me,
that it was proved by ex parte affidavits, then
I say to the House here are ex parte affidavits
that disprove it, and 1 am just as much en-
titled to have them read as they were to re-
ceive ex parte affidavits and call them proof in
tbc CftSG.
These nre the plain facts in the case. The
fitting member camc here aud alleged certain
facts in his affidavit, asking for an extension
of time and tolling the committee what he
could prove if he got that time. Now, let me
ask the committee if he proved one thing that
he alleged in these affidavits asking for an ex-
tension of time ? He put upon the stand three
or four witnesses who had been previously
examined; but they did not touch this case.
He had 110 testimony from the commencement,
and it was only necessary to ask the indulgence
of the committee, and of the House if neces-
sary, to get an extension of it to the present
time.
Then comes the next proposition that, on
examination of all the testimony and the argu-
ments on both sides, some of the committee
are of the opinion that the frauds and irregu-
larities in the conduct of the election were
so great that it was impossible to determine
who had the majority of the ballots. Now, I
adhere to the doctrine laid down by the Con-
gress of the United States in former cases,
that illegal votes were to be rejected or
deducted from the man for whom they were
cast, and he who had the greatest number of
legal votes was entitled to the seat. That has
been the universal rule of this Congress, and
that is what I rely upon here to-day.
I have a clear majority of the legal votes
cast in that congressional district, and my
proof is not denied, not one word of it. Now,
if I have the time, let me call the attention
of the House to the allegation made, and
which if proved changes the result of this
whole election. The allegation reads in this
way:
M That at the voting precinct of Barcnels, or' Glo-
ver's Station,'in Colleton county, in said district,
during the day of election, four or live different per-
sons, at different times, assumed to act as managers,
not one of whom had qualified according to law by
taking and filing the oath of office, as prescribed by
the constitution of South Carolina, and required by
section three of the act of the Genera! Assembly
under which the said election was held; neither did
these persons who were acting as managers during
the said day of election administer the oath to per-
sons offering to vote, as required by section six of
said act; that at said voting precinct of Barenel's, or
Glover'sStation, two ballot-boxes were used, though
the law under which the election was held only pro-
vides for the use of one; that there were present at
said polling precinct during the entire day two com-
panies of the State militia, who took possession of the
polls,under thedirection and controlof certain par-
tisans of yours, who were candidates for offiee, and
being voted for on the same ticket with yourself, and
prevented the distribution of tickets which did not
have upon them your name and the names of your
partisan friends, thus rendering it unsafe for any
person to vote at said precinct unless he saw fit to
vote your ticket; that when the polls were closed
the said ballot-boxes were taken possession of by
one James W. Grace, who was not a manager, but
who carried them to his house,some seven or eight
miles from said precinct, where the said ballot-boxes
remained alone in his care and custody during two
1 nights and one day, at which time they were carried
t by him to Walterborough and delivered to one of
' the commissioners; that owing to the irregularities
! and lawlessness on the part of those persons who
pretended to act as managers, aided by other parti-
sans of yours, minor?, proxies, andotherpersonsnot
legally entitled to vote were improperly and illegally
allowed to vote at said election, and did cast their
votes for you, by which means 1,196 votes were
counted and returned to the board of State can-
vassers by the commissioner of election as having
been cast for you, while only 27 votes were counted
and returned for me, making the total number of
votes cast at said prccient 1,^23. which is more than
twice the number ever registered or voted at said
precinct before, and though there arc two other
: voting precincts in the parish, to wit. Bantowles
! and Delamar's Cross Roads, the first of which polled
I 159 votes, and the other 171 votes, making a total ot
' 1,553 votes, which is at least 500 more votes than
■ there are persons over the age of twenty-one years
! in the entire parish; so that it is impossible^ ten
: how many legal votes were given for you at said pre-
cinct; wherefore, the election at said precinct was
and is wholly void."
Now, Mr. Speaker, every word of that alle-
gation is proved. Indeed, not one witness
was ever summoned from the commencement
of the examination down to the last day to dis-
prove one word of that statement. Notwith-
standing all the extensions which were given
to the sitting member, not one solitary witness
'did be ever offer to disprove that, though he
said in an affidavit to the committee last spring
that the testimony of Bernard Cavanaugh,
which is to be found on page 8 of the brief,
was not true. Cavanaugh shears that he saw
the alterations made upon the poll lists, and
the ballots put in the books to correspond witk
them. The sitting member came in with an
affidavit last spring which said that Cavanaugh
was not to be believed, and that if he had time
to take farther testimony he would disprove
Cavanaugh's statements. He had all the time
that he could desire, but he never put forward
a witness for the purpose of contradicting
Cavanaugh, and when Cavanaugh was reex-
amined on my part the sitting member did not
even cross-examine him.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must hurry over this
ground; I have not the time I would like to
bestow upon it. The committee make this
further proposition:
" It further appeared that on the 19th day of Octo-
ber, 1870, on the same day when he claims to have
been elected to this House, the contestant was
chosen a member of the house of representatives of
the State of South Carolina for the period of two
years."
Where the committee obtained their inform-
ation for this statement., I know not. I suppose
they made a mistake. There is nothing of
that kind in the evidence. Indeed I never
heard such an allegation before. I do not say
that this wrong statement was intentional;
indeed I know that it was not; but the com-
mittee did not perhaps give this case that
attention which they might have given it.
The fact of the matter is this: while I was sit-
ting down, waiting for a decision in this case,
asking the committee to decide it, a vacancy
occurred in the Legislature of South Carolina,
one year or a little more than one year ago ;
and f accepted a position as a member of the
Legislature to fill that vacancy, while I was a
citizen of that State and" of the United States;
I discharged the duties of the office, but under
the constitution of the State that office expired
last October.
But, Mr. Speaker, the committee having
decided in April that this was not a good
ground on which to dismiss this contest, and
having granted an extension of time to 'take
testimony, what was I to do? Did not the
committee say to me "This is not a good
ground on which to dismiss the case; and you
need not pay any further attention to it." I
certainly went to sleep upon that verdict of
the committee.
It is true, as is alleged in the report, that
last October, at the general election in South
Carolina, I was a candidate for the position
of sheriff of Charleston county, and was
elected, which position I now hold ; but I
claim, Mr. Speaker, that if the House should
decide that 1 am entitled to the seat upon the
evidence, holding the position of sheriff of
Charleston county does not stand in the way of
my taking the seat here. All the precedents
of Congress (and there are several of them
upoti collateral points) go to show that though
a man holds the certificate of election .he is
not a member of Congress till he has appeared
at that desk and taken the oath of ofliee.
! Such was the decision of this House' in the
1 case of General Schenck, who was elected to
i Congress in September, 1862, and obtained
i his certificate, but who accepted the position
1 of major general of the United' States Army,
j an office directly incompatible, under the Con-
! stitution, with that of a member of Congress;
j yet this House held that he had the right to
[ bold that commission upt.o the very time when
! this House assembled and allowed him to
take the oath. When they gave him the priv-
ilege of taking the oath at that desk, then lie
resigned his major generalship ; he took^the
oath and was qualified as a member of Con-
gress. And that, Mr. Speaker, is precisely
this case. I was not a member of Congress,
and have not been since the 4th of March,
1870. I was simply a contestant, not holding
the certificate, and I had no right and no
chance to qualify as a member of Congress.
