1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
preme Court is burdened with business is no
bar to my application for a writ of error. But
if I am put on trial for my life before a dis-
trict judge and sentenced to be hanged, I can-
not have a writ of error from the Supreme
Court to revise the questions of law because,
forsooth, the court is too busy to attend to a
single citizen's being hanged. It proceeds
upon the ground, I suppose, of the old anec-
dote that is told of a British man-of-war and a
Dutch ship. The English captain had ordered
his ship to fire a salute in honor of the Dutch
ship. It was after some trouble had existed
between the two nations, and the English sail-
ors thought it an outrage that they were com-
pelled to fire a salute to the Dutchman, and
one of them from mere malice shotted his
gun, and when the broadside was given the
ball went through the ship and killed a Dutch-
man. The captain of the British ship ordered
out his boat and proceeded immediately to
make the most humble apology, and promised
that whep he went home Parliament should
apologize to Holland. "Oh, no," said the
captain, " dat is unnecessary; dis is but one
Dutchman, and dare be plenty more Dutch-
men in Holland." [Laughter.] And so, if a
man be tried and sentenced to be hanged, he
cannot go to the Supreme Court because the
Supreme Court is very busy and there are
plenty more Yankees in the land. [Laughter.]
And yet, sir, if I sell my farm for a price ex-
ceeding $2,000, and receive a note, and a law-
suit occurs and I am defeated upon it, I can
go to the Supreme Court.
It is undoubtedly true that the Supreme
Court is overburdened with business. It is
undoubtedly true that we must remodel the
judicial system of the United States, and it
ought to be done at once; but that is no
reason why a writ of error should be denied
in criminal cases. I entirely concur in the
severe sentence passsd upon the subject by
the Senator from Ohio that it is a shame to
our Republic that a man may be tried, con-
victed, sentenced and hanged by the judgment
of a single judge in the hurry of a nisi prius
term, and yet cannot appeal to the Supreme
Court because that court is too busy to hear
his case.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. The Senator
understands that so far as capital cases are
concerned I did not oppose the amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am very glad the
Senator did not, aud I hope he will not oppose
the other portion of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. To appeal a
case of six months' imprisonment or a thou-
sand dollars fine to the Supreme Court of the
United States 1 Pshaw 1
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, if the term of
imprisonment is too short, or if the sum be
too small, let the amendment be amended;
but I am maintaining that in all these important
criminal cases, where a man is sentenced to
an infamous punishment 
Mr. SHERMAN. Such as stealing a horse.
Mr. CARPENTER. For stealing a horse,
although a horse is not a very valuable thing,
if such crime consigns a man to infamy. Let
me put a case. I will not insult the Senator
by putting it to him, but let me put it of
some constituent of his, who is a respectable,
intelligent, honorable man in Ohio, who has
been sued in one case for $2,000, and he can
take his case to the Supreme Court of the
United States; but in the other, the crimin.il
case, he is indicted for stealinga horse, if such
an oflense could be tried in a Federal court,
and he were sentenced to five years' imprison-
ment in the State prison by a district judge,
and in that case he cannot appeal; I wonder
what the Senator's intelligent constituent
would think of such an administration of
justice ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer my honor-
able friend. I should be perfectly willing to
give the Supreme Court ot' the United States
jurisdiction to revise the case of the trial of a
horse thief in Utah if it were possible for the
Supreme Court of the United States to decide all
such cases that would undoubtedly be brought
to that court if it had jurisdiction. There must
be a limit to the jurisdiction of every court,
and the limit that is prescribed in civil cases
ought to be narrow, and my honorable friend
and the Judiciary Committee ought rather to
limit the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of
the United States or provide other intermedi-
ate tribunals to dispose of these cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But intermediate tribu-
nals will not do. You have got one in Utah,
a supreme court with three judges, but you
must go to the last one on the theory of the
Senator from'Wisconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the point is this: I
think the cases that may arise under this law
are exceptional, and I should be glad indeed
if some mode could be pointed out by which
an unexceptional tribunal could be provided to
try all these cast s of a semi-political character;
but to carry c:iscs of ordinary criminal juris-
diction from the local courts to the Supreme
Court of the United States, it seems to me, is
to magnify those cases.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask the Senator a
question for the purpose of showing the simi-
larity between this case and the case of some
of the States. We find in some of our States
courts called circuit courts, and then a supreme
court consisting of the same judges, before
whom persons charged with murder aud other
offenses are tried. A writ of error is allowed
to the supreme court, but the supreme court
is made up of the same judges. They act as
supreme court and circuit court, too. That
was so in my State until recently, when we
changed our judiciary system, and it is still so
in several States. The circuit courts have the
trial of all causes, and then when the supreme
court meets it is made up of the same judges.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the way it is in
Utah.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, I say the same
rights are given in Utah that are given in the
States, so far as a writ of error to the supieme
court is concerned, because Utah is divided
into three circuit courts, and when a man is
tried and convicted in one of those circuit
courts there is a writ of error to the supreme
court, which is made up of the three judges.
It is an exactly similar case to that in the dif-
ferent States. I do not see that there is any
great hardship in it.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friends have been
anticipating me. I intended to come to the
precise question involved in this bill before I
concluded what little I had to say. They have
reached that point before I could, which I do
not complain of.
I was led to speak of the condition of the
Federal judiciary proper, and was remarking
upon that when I was interrupted by my friend
from Ohio. The Constitution of the United
States declares that the judicial power of this
Union shall extend to ail cases arising under
the Constitution and laws of the United States.
When your dominion has become so broad and
when the number of cases has become so great
that your courts cannot try them, you ought to
diminish criminal provision and civil jurisdic-
tion, because the judicial power of this Union
must be coextensive under the Constitution
with your legislation. If you punish offenses,
you must give the Federal machinery for trial,
and you disregard your duty when you do not
give all the safeguards which the Constitution
contemplates in criminal trials.
■ Now let me come to this case before us for
a moment. Here we have a most painful con-
dition of things to deal with. I have assented
in the Judiciary Committee to most of the pro-
visions of this bill; I do now concur heartily in
the most of them; and yet it is impossible not
to see that this bill may work injustice, it is
impossible to shut our eyes to facts which all
the world know. I am no apologist for polyg-
amy ; I am no advocate for Mormonism; and
yet that condition of things has been tolerated,
and has grown up under the eye of this Gov-
ernment, and in a measure under its approba-
tion, at all events with its consent and acqui-
escence; and Brigham Young, at a time when
he had fourteen wives I think, was nominated
by the President of the United States and con-
firmed by the Senate to be Governor of the
Territory of Utah. The Senator from Indiana
showed to-day conclusively that under the
statutes of the Territory which were in force,
because not disapproved of by Congress polyg-
amy was a legal institution in that Territory
for some ten or twelve years. It is all very
easy to say that polygamy is wrong ; that the
condition of things there must be corrected
because it is a reproach to our civilization ; at
the same time, it is not quite so easy to
determine just what ought to be done.
The Mormons have committed many crimes
it is said, and I believe they have. They have
taxed the patience of the people of the United
States it is said, and I believe they have. It
may be that the day of vengeance has come;
and yet Mr. President, when I am called upon
to contemplate a day of vengeance on any
people, to be executed through the forms of
law, I am always inclined to hesitate and con-
sider well the grounds upon which retribu-
tion is to be decreed.
The excitement which war brings arouses
those feelings in human nature which respond
to the drum and fife, and we may proceed
without relenting to exterminate our enemies ;
but when it comes to a case like this, where
you are to deal with men, women, and children,
and your laws must reach the youngest child
in that community, the fact that the Mormons
have committed great crimes, the fact that they
are outraging our civilization, the fact that the
day of reckoning has come, only lays upon us
a deeper obligation to see to it that if we draw
the sword and wield it, we do so with forbear-
ance and charity.
Mr. BAYARD. My friend forgets that the
law knows no vengeance; its purpose is
justice.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am not certain that
I am forgetful on that point. I have seen
some acts of vengeance committed under the
forms of law, and I do not expect to see a
community so perfect nor an administration
of justice so entirely above criticism as to
bring it within the theory to which the Senator
from Delaware has so happily alluded.
Here are men with a plurality of wives,
and children, to correspond. If we inter-
fere rudely and tear up these relations and
scatter that people abroad, wbat is to be the
result? What is to become of those wives
and what is to become of those children? It
does not require any very close thought to see
wbat must be their fate.
I am not criticising the bill at all in these
remarks. I think it has been prepared sub-
stantially with this view: while it does not
indorse the condition of things there, it does
not propose to interfere with it, and the pro-
visions which are deemed essential to procure
conviction for polygamy in that Territory are
confined, as I think they should be, entirely
to the future. The past, this bill does not
protect, nor does it on its face condemn it.
And yet, Mr. President, we do know the
fact that the judges of that Territory to-day
are under the impression that they are com-
missioned, I do not say by the Government of
the United States, but by that higher Power
which rules the universe, to extirpate Mormon-
ism and polygamy in that Territory. The
chief justice of that court entered upon this
crusade and was brought up standing by the
decision of the Supreme Court, which wiped
out everything that he had done. Applica-
tion is now made to us for the purpose of
strengthening them in that purpose; and while
the Judiciary Committee have drawn a bill as
carefully'guarded as it is possible to be, a bill
which on its face is entirely fair, which, if it
