1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
The Clerk read as follows:
Respectfully referred to lion. Marcus L. Ward,
treasurer Soldiers' Home, Newark, New Jersey.
JOSEPH SOOY, State Treasurer.
Newahk, New Jeksey, March 30,1872.
Moore appropriated about $500 of the funds of the
home in the year 1867. The same was reimbursed
by Moore's bondsmen, who have not been repaid.
MARCUS L. WARD, Treasurer.
Mr. BO WEN". I now ask the Olerk to read
the letter which I send up.
The Clerk read as follows :
New Jf.bsey Home foe Disabled Soldiers,
Newark, New Jersey, March 30. 1872.
Dear Sir : I return the letter of Mr. Wilson in
relation to Rev. Satuuel T. Moore, late superintend-
ent and chaplain of the New Jersey Home for Dis-
abled Soldiers, with the indorsement called for. X
have said nothing about the general bad conduct of
this man, such as his habit, while at the home, of
drinking, borrowing money of the inmates and not
returning it, and other disgraceful doings. But
Moore, though I believe once respectable, turned
out to be a miserable creature.
X have thought it right to make this statement to
you, and you can communicate what I have writ-
ten to Mr. Wilson, whose letter I have indorsed, if
you deem best. The State lost nothing by Moore.
Very respectfully, yours,
MARCUS L. WARD. Treasurer.
Hon. Joseph Sooy, Treasurer, New Jersey.
Mr. BO WEN. Mr. Speaker, all these let-
ters show that one of the men who appeared
in the city of Washington to make the affidavits
upon which the sitting member obtained an
extension of time had been superintendent of
the Soldier's Home at Newark, New Jersey,
and had embezzled its funds. I would say
in regard to these letters to gentlemen here
from New Jersey and New York that here are
the signatures of Marcus L. Ward and Joseph
Sooy, which they will see are genuine. Such
was the character of the man whom they picked
up to make affidavits, and the committee called
those affidavits proof. If the committee had
said to me " We want proof upon this point"
before they had granted an extension to take
testimony, I could have furnished proof then ;
for there were respectable parties in South
Carolina who could have furnished the very
evidence necessary to disprove every one of
these allegations.
One moment more, Mr. Speaker, and I am
done. The next case to which I call the at-
tention of the House is the case of Mr. Mum-
ford, from North Carolina. The question
arose in this House in regard to his retaining
his seat because he had held the position of
tax collector or assessor under the United
States, and had never resigned the office.
That case came up here, and the decision was
in these words:
"The formal resignation of an office held by a mem-
ber-eleot is not necessary if the duties have so far
ceased as-to have operated virtually the abolition
of the office."
Now, then, that applies directly to my hold-
ing a seat in the Legislature of South Caro-
lina. I held it while I was awaiting a decision
of this case before the Committee of Elections
and the House, and my term expired before
that decision was reached. I have not held
the office since October last; I have done no
official act since the 15th of last March, when
I ceased to be a member of the Legislature.
There is notonesinglecase that gentlemen can
poiut to that goes to show that a man is disqual-
ified from holding his seat in this House because
he ha8 accepted, pending a contest, another
office. Indeed, there is a case in the books
f.-om Massachusetts, the State of the gentleman
who makes this report, where Mr. Bailey con-
tested the seat of Mr. Charles Turner on the
ground that he had held the position of post-
master after his election to Congress. In that
case Mr. Bailey was ousted, and Mr. Turner
resigned his postmastership and took his seat
in the House.
I have stated very hurriedly and very briefly
some of the points in this case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
my colleague [Mr. Hoar] to allow me to pre-
sent a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary, that it may be recommitted and
printed.
Mr. HOAR. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back the bill (H. R. No.
3139) to provide for the just and equitable
distribution of awards made to the United
States by the commissioners at Geneva under
the treaty of Washington; which was recom-
mitted to the committee, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope that vote will be
reconsidered and laid upon the table.
Mr. HOAR. I desire the attention of the
House for four or five minutes.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to move
to reconsider the vote by which that bill was
recommitted, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table, so that it may not be
brought back.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I submit
that it is too late, as my colleague [Mr. Hoar]
had commenced his argument.
Mr. SARGENT. I addressed the Chair
the very moment the motion to recommit was
adopted.
The SPEAKER. If a member desires to
make a motion to reconsider and lay on the
table it must be considered.
Mr. BUl'LER, of Massachusetts. Well,
the motion to reconsider is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recon-
sider and lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
enter the motion to reconsider.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. That has already
been done.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will observe that the motion of the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] and
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is
to reconsider and lay on the table the motion
to recommit, which is not debatable.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to debate it. I raise the point of
order that it is too late for them to make that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule
that point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
withdraw the bill.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to say that I simply
yielded to the request of my colleague without
knowing that any such question would be pre-
sented.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Of course.
CONTESTED ELECTION BOWEN VS. DE LARGE.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections in the
case of Bowen vs. De Large.
Mr. HOAR. If the House will be kind
enough to listen to me for a few moments I
think I can state the grounds upon which the
Committee of Elections found the facts which
they have reported. When the case was first
reached the contestee applied to the com-
mittee with an affidavit setting forth that the
counsel employed by him had been bribed by
the contestant to act for him, and refused to
surrender for the use of the committee or of
the House the evidence which the sitting mem-
ber had taken. The law requires the evidence
to be sent directly to the Clerk of the House.
In contempt of that law, and in contempt of
the House, the counsel for the sitting member
got possession of the testimony and ref used to
surrender it for our use.
Two gentlemen, onea memberof this House,
made affidavit that the counsel had declared
to them that he had been hired by the contest-
ant to act for him in this case ; that they had
seen the written contract to that effect signed
by Mr. Bowen and by this counsel, and that
the handwritings of both of them were familiar
to them. That was the evidence in support
of the proposition, which Mr. Bowen encoun-
tered by his affidavit that he had not made any
contract with this lawyer by which he was to
act as his counsel in this case. And there he
left it. The lawyer made a similar statement.
Neither of them denied that while this lawyer
resident in Washington was undertaking to act
for the sitting member there had been some
contract in writing between him and the con-
testant, which contract they did not produce
and show to the committee.
On the one side is the affidavit of two per-
sons, one of them Mr. Elliot of this House,
that they had seen and read this contract
signed by the contestant and the counsel for
the sitting member, whose handwritings they
said they were familiar with. On the other
hand was the affidavit of the contestant, not
denying that he had a contract of some kind,
but saying that it was not to the effect his
antagonist claimed, and not producing the
contract. Now, on that evidence the commit-
tee found the allegation of the sitting member
was proven. We thought that if any member
of this House during a contest of that kind
was charged with having made a corrupt bar-
gain of this kind with his adversary's lawyer,
and he admitted that he had made a bargain
of some kind, he would have gone around with
that contract in his pocket, and exhibited it to
every man he could get to look at it, to show
that it was not the thing which this affidavit
claims. That is the evidence, and a fair and
full statement of it.
Now, if Mr. Bowen had been a member of
this House, and that fact had been proven, the
first thing this House would have done would
have been to expel him. In the Whittemore
case in the last Congress this House held that
when a member in relation to his office as
member had done an act for which he would
be expelled, and then he had resigned and was
reelected and presented himself again—the
House held that that act disqualified him from
taking a seat, and that -they would not go
through the form of admitting him and then
immediately expel him. I did not believe in
that judgment myself, because I thought its
effect was to work the expulsion of a member
without a vote which required a two-thirds
majority for its legal adoption. But that was
the judgment of the House.
That is the first thing. The next fact that
appears is this: Mr. Bowen after he claims
to have been elected to this House was elected
to the State Lagislature of South Carolina,
qualified, took the oath of office, received the
salary, and exercised the duties of the office.
The sitting member applied to the committee
to dismiss Mr. Bowen's contest on that ground,
on the ground that the acceptance of an incom-
patible office was a renunciation or abandon-
ment of his claim to a seat here. The com-
mittee preferred not to determine that grave
and delicate question at once; but to defer it
until the whole case was in. They therefore
overruled the motion to dismiss the contest
and reserved it to the end of the case.
When the whole case was in, it further ap-
peared that within about two months of the
present time the contestant accepted the office
of sheriff of Charleston and took the oath to per-
form its duties—an office which is also incom-
patible, by the express terms of the constitution
of South Carolina, with a seat in this House,
and which is to continue for four years or
thereabouts from the time he took it.
Now, without holding that the mere accept-
ance, pending the contest, of an incompatible
office, the duties of which are completed
during the recess of Congress, and while the
duties of a member of this House cannot be
fulfilled by the contestant, is an act of renun-
ciation of the contest, it is difficult to see how
any man who has sworn that for four years he
