1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
either the ground of tampering- with counsel,
or the other, as the report of the committee
shows. But we considered them grave enough
to report. We rested the case on the investi-
gation of the facts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As to the
election ?
Mr. HOAR. Certainly. As regards those
two grounds, speaking for one, not for other
members of the committee, I can see that if
a person before he takes his seat in the House
has done an act which would warraut his ex-
pulsion the next moment, the duty of the
House is to admit him and then to expel him.
I think the last House erred in the Whitte-
more case. The member was in substance
expelled, but was deprived of his constitutional
right to a two-thirds vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
with my colleague in regard to that.
Mr. DAWES. And on the other question,
while it is true, as my colleague has said, that
the constitution of Massachusetts provides
expressly that no man shall be eligible to or
hold the offices of member of Congress and
member of the Legislature at the same time,
yet he cannot fail to remember that in the
great political revolution which occurred not
a great while ago in Massachusetts, members
were elected both to Congress and to the Slate
Legislature. But inasmuch as the law did
not require them to come here under a year,
they were permitted to serve out their term in
the State Legislature and then come here.
And so Congress has decided tbat General
Sehenck, being elected in October to Congress
and then subsequently accepting the office of
major general in the Army, which was in their
opinion an incompatible office, that holding
that office until the week before the first Mon-
day of the next December, a year after, when
he resigned it, did not vacate his office as
member of Congress. But Congress also de-
cided that General Blair, who was elected
about, the same time, and took the same
office, but held it after the meeting of Congress
at the time appointed by law, had by holding
over that office vacated his office as member
of Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the gentle-
man is mistaken.
Mr. DAWES. So far I am exactly right,
because I was on a committee instructed by
the House to inquire into the question whether
General Schenck or General Bi,a.ir and others
had vacated their seats, and I spent consider-
able time in preparing the report which was
adopted in this House just precisely as 1 stated
here and now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was not General
Blair's seat contested, and did we not seat
another gentleman in his place?
Mr. DAWES. All that happened after
December. His seat was contested before the
Committee of Elections after December. One
great question was raised in reference to both
those gentlemen and referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections. The report of that commit-
tee is in print and the result of it was adopted
by the House. I speak of it for this reason:
Mr. Bovven after this election was appointed
sheriff in South Carolina, an office evidently
incompatible with a seat in this House. Now,
if the office of member of Congress had been
open to him then, and he had chosen to hold
the office of sheriff, which is incompatible with
it, then the doctrine of Congress is that he
thereby abandoned this office ; that it is to be
taken as a resignation of this office. The only
trouble I have in this case is that the doors of
Congress were shut against Mr. Bovven so that
he could not come in here. If the doors of
Congress were open to him and he chose to
exercise the duties of sheriff, then he aban-
doned the office of member of Congress. If,
the moment these doors are open to him, he
abandons the office of sheriff, then he declares
that between the two incompatible offices he
chooses this one. That is the only trouble I
have, but I have no desire to interfere in this
discussion.
Mr. HOAR. I must now resume the floor.
All I wish to say is that I urged upon the
House the other day the views which my col-
league has just stated, that a member-elect to
Congress who has received his credentials but
has not taken the oath of office is not in fact
a member.
I now move that this case be postponed
until Tuesday next, after the morning hour,
and I desire to say that I will then yield all but
fifteen minutes of what remains of my hour to
the sitting member, Mr. De Large.
The SPEAKER. That would require a
reconsideration of the vote by which the pre-
vious question was ordered; the previous
question is now operating on the resolutions.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I think
the case had better be closed now.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating.
Mr. HOAR. I yield for a few moments to
my colleague, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. If this case turns on the fact
that the person elected was not eligible to the
office of member of Congress because at, the
time of his election he held some other office,
I think the report ought not to be sustained.
Mr. MeCRARY. I quite agree to that, but
this report does not establish any such prin-
ciple.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] if it
is not true that the Committee of Elections
was unanimous in the conclusion that in this
case there was no legal election in the second
district of South Carolina?
Mr. HOAR. The committee referred that
matter to a sub-committee, composed of two
lawyers, Mr. Arthur and Mr. McChary, who
carefully investigated that question and reported
the facts to the committee, and we unanimously
assented to their conclusion, although all the
members of the committee did not investigate
the facts.
Mr. KERR. I am afraid the gentleman has
not caught my inquiry. I want to know
whether it is true or not that'the Committee
of Elections were unanimous in the opinion
that there was no legal election held in this
case in this congressional district?
Mr. HOAR. Yes, sir; that is true.
Mr. KERR. That was what I wanted to
ascertain. I think, then, the reasons stated in
this report are conclusive and absolutely satis-
factory to sustain the proposed action of the
committee, and I think the House ought now
to dispose of the case.
Mr. HOAR. I desire simply to say, because
some gentlemen seem to have misunderstood
matters of fact, that the gentleman from In-
diana has elicited by his question the prin-
ciple upon which we rest our report. The
other two grounds were grave and important
enough to make it, in the judgment of the com-
mittee, unnecessary to make known their views
upon them to the House in this case.
Mr. KERR. You leave every member of
the House and of the committee to entertain
his own opinions upon those questions?
Mr. PERCE. I ask the gentlemen to allow
me to make a motion to reconsider the vote
ordering the main question, in order that the
sitting member may have a day in court.
Mr. HOAR. Under the circumstances I
will submit this case now to the House.
The first question was upon the following
resolution:
Resolved, That Robert C. De Large is not entitled
to retain the seat now lield by him as a member irom
the second congressional district of bouth Carolina.
The question was taken upon the resolution;
and it was adopted.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next question was upon the'following
resolution :
Resolved, That Christopher C. Bowen is not enti-
tled to the seat claimed by him as Representative
from the second congressional district of South Caro-
lina.
The question was taken upon the resolution;
and it was adopted. '
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopt.ed; and also
moved tbat the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WAR CLAIMS OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported back with amendments
from the Committee of Claims a bill (H. R.
No. 3278) for ascertaining the compensation
justly due the loyal citizens of States not
declared in insurrection for private property
taken in time of war for public use, together
with a report in writing thereon.
The report and amendments were ordered
to be printed, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a report from the Committee on
the Judiciary, which I hope will pass the
House without a division?
Mr. HALE. The naval appropriation bill
was almost finished last evening. It is very
desirable to have it go to the Senate this
week, and I think it will take but a short time
to complete it in Committee of the Whole.
The question was upon the motion of Mr. •
Hale ; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole -on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 8351) making appropriations for-the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1874; and
for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Cobcbn, to strike out the following
paragraph:
That from and after the 30th day of June, 1873,
the term of the classes in the Naval Academy at
Annapolis shall be six years, instead of four, as
now provided by law, and this provision shall first
apply to the cl ass entering: the Academy in the year
1873, and to all subsequent classes.
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken upon
the motion to strike out I desire to move two
amendments to perfect the paragraph, and to
which I think there will b.e no objection. I
move to insert after the words " Naval Acad-
emy at Annapolis" the words "as cadet mid-
shipmen also, to insert after the words "as
now provided by law" the words "and the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to extend
the time of classes of cadet engineers from
two years to four years."
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not wish to make any
special opposition to any amendments that may
be necessary. Last winter when we had under
consideration the subject of reapportionment
of Representatives in this House among the dif-
ferent States, I opposed with all the power I
possessed, and as I still regret very unsuccess-
fully, the proposed increase of the number of
Representatives of which this House is to be
hereafter composed.
I based my opposition on the ground, in the
first place, that such increase was not neces-
sary for the proper transaction in this House
of the business of the people. Tn the next
place, it was not desirable, because of the largfd
increase of expenditure which it would entail
upon the Government of the United States.
