848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
I made the statement then, to which I desire
simply to recall the attention of the House
now, that the increased compensation of mem-
bers alone would be but a small proportion of
the increase of expenditure which that in-
crease of the number of Representatives would
entail upon the country. To conform to this
increase of Representatives we are necessarily
called upon to provide for an increased num-
ber of military cadets of the Military Acad-
emy, and of naval cadets to the Naval Acad-
emy. To conform to this increased number
of Representatives we have to adjust a great
many other matters, all involving an increased
burden upon the Treasury of the United States.
I do not call attention to this fact for the
reason that I claim to be a prophet; but sim-
ply to verify the statements I made on that
occasion, to reiterate the objections which I
then made, and to protest, as I have done
on former occasions, against this continued
tendency to increase the number of public
officers without any demand for such increase
in the interests of the public service. We do
not need an increased number of military
cadets; the Army does not need them; we
do not know in fact what to do with them.
The Navy does not need the increased num-
ber of officers which this proposed increase
of naval cadets contemplates. On the con-
trary, we have a large number of supernum-
erary naval officers now waiting orders or
ortherwise unemployed; so many that neither
the Navy Department, nor the President, nor
Congress, nor any other department of the
Government knows what to do with them.
Therefore, while I know it is useless to
make this opposition—for every member must
insist on having as many of these appointments
as possible from his district—I want to say
that I am opposed to the whole thing, and I
shall have to vote against this proposed in-
crease as wholly unnecessary.
Mr. COBURN. Is my colleague in favor
of striking out the paragraph ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I scarcely know what the
paragraph is.
Mr. COBURN. It provides that these naval
cadets shall remain at the Academy six years
instead of four.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am willing to extend
the term of study; indeed I prefer to do that.
We do not know what to do with these cadets
when they graduate; and therefore I think it
economy to lengthen their term at the
Academy.
Mr. COBURN. That is, to keep them at
an additional expense for two years longer.
Mr. NIBLACK. We have to support them
any way; if they become naval officers we
must pay their salaries, and we might as well
support them at the Naval Academy as any-
where else. I would vote to prolong the
term to ten years if any member should pro-
pose it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the school is a
good thing for the cadets who are there, is it
not good for some more?
Mr. HALE. Not necessarily. If there are
more graduates than can be advantageously
absorbed into the naval service, the super-
fluous officers become an evil.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did we not reach
that point some time ago ?
Mr. HALE. What point?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The point when we
did not require the services of all the graduates.
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have only to say in con-
clusion that I do my share here and elsewhere
in advocating economy, and I try to find op-
portunities to make my declarations on this
subject effective. I have never, however, at-
tempted to practice economy by starving
officers who were necessary forthe proper dis-
charge of the (unctions of the Government. I
am in favor of paying only so many officers in
all the departments as are needed. I am in
favor of paying to the officers thus absolutely
necessary a fair compensation. But what I
feel most disposed to complain of is this con-
tinued increase and multiplication of officers
in all departments when we cannot afford to
pay them decent salaries for the duties they
are expeeted to perform without unnecessarily
increasing our expenditures. Therefore, as a
matter of economy, I enter my protest, as I
shall always do, against any increase of mili-
tary or naval cadets, or any other class of
officers not absolutely needed for the public
service. I am willing to take any action upon
this bill which shall enforce the views I have
announced.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, this clause
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Co-
bctrn] proposes to strike out is a clause in
favor of economy. The law with regard to
the appointment of cadets to Annapolis is
that there shall be one cadet for each congres-
sional district at that Academy all the time.
Now each cadet stays there four years. This
clause says that they shall slay there for six
years insiead of four years, so that each con-
gressional district can only make an appoint-
ment once in six years where they now make
them once in four years. This was recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy even
before the increase of the number of members
of Congress by the new apportionment. It
became much more necessary after the in-
crease in this House of fifty members. It was
required as a matter of economy by the Navy
Department, because there were more young
officers than we intended in the Navy to fill
the positions in their grade. I trust that as
an economical measure this clause will be
preserved in the bill, and the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana to strike out will not
prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Maine
to perfect the paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
say only a few words explanatory of this mat-
ter. The provision of the bill is to substi-
tute a six years' terra at the Annapolis Naval
Academy instead of a four years' term. Now
it is assumed that that change is in the interest
of economy. This provision does not diminish
the number of cadets at the Naval Academy.
We will have just the same number of young
men there after this is passed by the House,
if it becomes a law, as we have now. There
will be one there for every Representative and
for the regular number at large, as at present.
You do not diminish the number by this bill.
But what do you do? You take the same
number of young men and keep them there
for six years instead of for four years, and pay
out to each one $500 a year, as at present.
Now where does the economy come in ? You
have the same number of young men, the
same number of districts, the same amount of
pay, and you keep them in two years longer.
A six-year student costs precisely as much
annually as a four-year student.
If a law must be enacted in the interest of
economy, what must we do if we have too
many cadets graduating; if the Navy is getting
to be too full of officers, let us go to the root
of the matter at once. Let the Committee on
Naval Affairs fully consider the whole ques-
tion and provide by law that there shall be a
certain proportion of each class returned into
civil life after graduation. That would be a
real saving, and it is the only way in which
economy can be inaugurated in tins matter.
Let them go there and graduate at the end of
four years, and then let the law provide that
a certain proportion shall go back into civil
life. Let the best of the graduating class be
retained for service in the Navy. This will
diminish the number of cadets and officers
both. That is the only way to secure economy.
That is the only way you can save money.
Do gentlemen say that the Academy is too
small and we cannot accommodate an addi-
tional number of cadets ? Do they say that the
corps of teachers is too small? Nothing of
the kind. They simply propose to put in the
additional number of cadets to be appointed
by members of Congress from the new dis-
tricts, and to keep them there for two years
longer at the public expense. That is all there
is of economy in this bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I believe that in four
years these young men can get all the educa-
tion they need have. They must have a cer-
tain amount of preliminary education before
they are admitted to the Naval Academy, and
at the end of four years education they are
accomplished gentlemen, fitted for their posi-
tions in the Navy so far as education is con-
cerned. I cannot see anything in the way of
economy, or in the interest of the people, or
in the good of the naval service in the change
of the law which is proposed. In my judg-
ment it will be much more in the interest of
the people to have these young men graduat-
ing at the end of four years instead of at the
end of six years. And why do I say so?
Because it will enable us to have more men
with a naval education scattered among the
people if we retain the term of four years
instead of making it six, just one half more.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does iny colleague think
it preferable to have more men educated for
the Navy than we have now?
Mr. COBURN. I do not say that it is. I
say, let the law be amended 4n the interest of
economy, and provide that a portion of the
cadets shall be retired to civil life upon their
graduation. That is the way to accomplish
it. There is not a particle of danger of over-
stocking or overcrowding the Navy with offi-
cers. It is as easy to make a provision of
that kind as it is to make a provision of this
kind, and would be much more sensible. But
the whole matter as now proposed is crude,
undigested, and improperly before the House.
Mr. HALE. I wish to state to the commit-
tee in brief terms just what the effect of this
is, because there may be some gentlemen here
to-day who were not here yesterday when the
debate came up.
First as to numbers. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Coburn] says that it does not
make any less number than now. Let me
give the gentleman a little figuring. At pres-
ent a member recommends a cadet once in
four years. In a period of sixty years a dis-
trict in Congress gets into the Academy, under
the present system, fifteen students who are
graduated at the public expense. Under this
amendment which the committee reported, in
that same time of sixty years a district would
only get in ten students, who would be edu-
cated at the public expense and graduated
there. That also is an illustration showing
how money would be saved.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question.
Mr. HALE. 1 have not time, and decline
to yield. I have stated the ease so far as the
question of numbers is concerned. And now,
as regards economy, as regards pay, the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. CoBURtr] says that
this will only result in keeping students there
six years at the public expense instead of four
years, which is an additional expense. The
answer to that is plain. Under the present
law, at the end of four years the student grad-
uates and at once becomes an officer of the
Navy and takes his pay at double and treble
the rate which he gets as cadet midshipman.
It prolongs the course of the cadet midship-
man, and keeps him down for those two years
of study to the pay of cadet midshipman,
which is about $500 a year ; and thus expense
is saved to the Government in that regard.
Then, as to the duties he has to perform in
future life as an officer of the Navy, this
enables the Secretary to combine with the
Academy course easy instruction during the
six years, which cannot be done during the
four years now. This, then, is in the interest
