1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Territory. Take, for instance, a case I now
have in mind. At the last session of this Con-
gress the House of Representatives passed a
little railroad bill for U tah, incorporating a Gen-
tile company to build a railroad from Salt Lake
southward, not granting any public lands,
granting nothing on the face of the earth but
the right of way, and to this very day, through
the influence wielded by that organization
here, that bill has never been reached and lies
upon your table, and will lie there and die, I
have no doubt, at the end of this session.
Why ? Because there are the names of Gentile
incorporators in that bill. It was unanimously
reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
but no effort can move it further.
There is another little history connected
with that bill, of which I have a statement
before me. Parties from California went to
Brigham Young and made an arrangement
with him that they were to receive the charter
aud build the railroad. They sat down and
talked the whole thing over, he agreeing to it
fully, only saying that he wanted them to em-
ploy his men in doing the work. They, sup-
posing that everything was arranged satisfac-
torily, perfected their organization, came on
here for the purpose of securing the passage
of the right of way bill through that Territory,
and when they got here found that Brigham
Young, through his agents, was here fighting
that very proposition, and he has fought it
from that time to this. The moment it was
ascertained that a Gentile company proposed
to construct a road through the center of Utah
the Mormons commenced shoveling dirt and
graded a miserable sort of track running some-
what in the direction, for the purpose of
coming here and preventing the passage of
that bill by claiming that they had already
built a road over the same line. It has been
by means such as this that we have been
thwarted in every effort to legislate for that
Territory.
My honorable friend from Nevada told us
that the Mormons were somewhat better than
they used to be, that they had improved. Now,
sir, I read from the charge of one of your
judges in that Territory on January 10, 1872,
to the grand jury:
"Upon the territorial side of the court I have
been informed of many things demanding your at-
tention. The assassination of tho Aiken party in
tho San Pete valley ; of one Bowen, at or near this
city; of one .near Springvilie; of one ,
near tbe Sevier river, by officers having him in cus-
tody on somo erimin.il charge ; of one Slopen. at or
near Salt creek, by officers having him in custody
on some criminal ehaige.
"The nameless mutilation of Henry Jones, and
the subsequent assassination of himself and mother,
and the burning of their bodies at Payson.
" The nameless mutilation of the youngman found
and cared for by Air. Either in Cedar valley.
" The nameless mutilation of tho young man Henry
Lewis, causing subsequent insanity and death, in
Ban Pete valley, said to have been done because he
was betrothed to a maiden coveted by another; and
I further add that the punishment awarded to the
perpetrators of this act, on tho application of his
widowed mother for justice, namely, 'that in the
other world they should become thi servants of the
injured young man thereafter forever; that he
should be made whole and have the maiden re-
stored to him,' is not a legal putting in jeopardy
once, and you will disregard it."
That was the penalty inflicted by the Mor-
mon church for the offeuse. The judge fur-
ther tells them to inquire into " the assassina-
tion of Mr. Davis at Santa Quin :
"Gentlemen, there is existing within this Terri-
tory a most peculiar and startling state of affairs, to
which I deem it my duty to call your attention. My
neighbors living in the immediate vicinity of an
assassination have said to me, on my asking if they
had heard of a mail being killed, ' We know nothing
about ir; no one gets killed in this country that does
not deserve it/ and turning away went about thair
daily avocation, without asking who was killed, or
why the deed was committed. Gentlemen, tho obey-
ing of that peculiar injunction, ' Do as you are told,
and mind your business,' has furnished many a wild
beast with a supper of human flesh.
"Polygamy is the merest nothing compared with
the bloody despotism which forced it npon and per-
petuates it among the people; a despotism so strong
that many persons are atraid to demand an exam-
ination of or make inquiries about a murder com-
mitted at their own doors.
" gentlemen, X charge you with the duty of being
' in at the death' of that most terrible relic of bar-
barism, tbe ' blood atonement.' The killing of an
apostate * to save his soul' is murder."
The judge here refers to the tenet of the
church which I mentioned a moment ago, that
the only atonement for an apostate was his own
blood, to save his soul by taking his life! But
Mr. President, I will not weary the Senate
with any further history of these outrages.
This is the character of the men with whom
we have to deal.
I am not a very good lawyer, and I do not
know that I am correct when I say that there
is not a single State or Territory in the Union
that in a criminal case allows an appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States, aud
that I understand to be the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. My amendment is to
allow a writ of error in certain cases from the
supreraes court of the United States to the
supreme court of the Territory.
Mr. WINDOM. I will ask the Senator
whether that exists in the other Territories
to-day ?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. Does it exist in the States?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. Then what have we here
before us to-night? A proposition to place
this Territory governed by outlaws on a footing
more favorable for the evasion of justice
through the law's delays than any other State
or Territory in the Union.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend from Ohio
conceded quite too broadly. The Senator from
Minnesota asks him if in any case a writ of
error can lie to the supreme court of a State.
Certainly it does in every case of Federal
jurisdiction.
Mr. WIN DON. No, the Senator from
Wisconsin misunderstood me. I asked him
if it lay to the Supreme Court of the United
States in any criminal case.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I now ask that the friends of this bill will vote
upon it and that those who are opposed to it
will vote upon it. My friend from Nevada, I
know, is all ready to make a speech. He made
a very good speech this morning and an enter-
taining one ; but itis now ten o'clock at night;
it is late in the session, and with all kindness
and courtesy I ask that the Senate will just
express their sentiments by voting.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me that
the request of my liiend from New Jersey is
rather remarkable after such a speech as we
have just listened to from the Senator from
Minnesota in behalf of this bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I supposed that
my friend from Wisconsin, inasmuch as he
agreed with us in committee in reference to
this bill, would be in favor of voting upon it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am, after a little
debate. There is one remarkable thing in this
Chamber ; I have noticed it ever since 1 have
been here, which is a short time : that when-
ever a man gets through speaking himself he
wants to vote, is very anxious to vote. That
is a common feeling, entirely natural, and I
do not complain of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have occu-
pied no time.
Mr. CARPENTER. When I get through
I shall ask for a vote unquestionably as every-
body else does.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have occu-
pied very little time to day.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly. I wish you
had occupied more.
But, Mr. President, I cannot permit this
debate to end at this point without putting in
my protest against the inference to be drawn
from the speech we have just listened to.
What is that inference ? The Senator replies
to us who have addressed the Senate before
him, and how does he reply? By trying to
convince the Senate that polygamy is a bad
thing and that the Mormon Church is not
a good church. The inference is that we are
in favor of polygamy, that we are in favor of
the Mormon Church. Here we are debating
the details of a bill reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for trying criminal
offenses. Now, I ask what would be thought
if we were framing a bill for the trial and pun-
ishment of murder in the District of Colum-
bia if a Senator should come and seek to
change the whole framework of criminal juris-
prudence by harrowing up our souls and in-
flaming our imaginations by a recital of blood-
shed and murder committed the night before?
Mr. WI-NDOM. Will the Senatorallow me
a single suggestion ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. I saw when the Senator
was on his feet just before I spoke, that he said
he approved the bill reported by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, but he took it as a
very bitter pill. He said he would vote for
it, but he did not like it; and I thought per-
haps if 1 told him the character of men it would
apply to it would sweeten the pill and he could
swallow it easily. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. That shows how little
my friend from Minnesota appreciates the
motive which I think should actuate every
Senator in passing such a bill as this. The
safeguards that should be thrown around crim-
inal trials ought to be devised in coolness, not
in passion. The safeguards that the Constitu-
tion establishes against conviction for treason,
the safeguards which all criminal jurisprudence
has established to defend men accused of
crimes are devised not in the sight of blood-
shed, not in the heat of passion, but coolly
before crime is committed and apart from the
indignation excited by the sight of blood.
Mr. WINDOM. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask my friend whether in
considering a law he is not always required to
consider the old law, the mischief, and the
remedy ; and if that be true, whether in mak-
ing a law we should not look to the mischief
we are to remedy at the same time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am not more sur-*'
prised at this question in this connection than
I was at a discussion of the Mormon theology
on this bill. One is no further from the point
I was discussing than the speech of the Senator
was from the bill before the Senate. What
surprises me in this debate is, that because we
want to frame this bill so as to be sure that it
will not work oppression, so that it will be
certain that men accused of the most heinous
crimes shall have a fair trial, so in other words
that the ermine of this nation shall not be drab-
bled in the dust; we are to be inflamed and
heated by a recital of the enormities of the
Mormon church, the heresies of its doctrines,
and the crimes that have been committed in
its name, and that, too, as a reply to Senators
who have addressed the Senate upon the de-
tails of this 'particular bill, thereby impliedly
representing us to be in favor of all this.
The Senator has yielded to that fashion of
debate, which has become very common in
both Houses of Congress. A man to estab-
lish his own purity commences by assuring
the country that a majority of both Houses
are utterly corrupt. The Senator says that
here is a bill touching the material inter-
ests of Utah that ought to be passed, and yet
Brigham Young holds his rod over this Senate
and they cannot and dare not pass it. If I
believed that I would resign and get out of this
Mormon church No. 2. [Laughter.]
The gentleman seems to be in a perfect panic
about Mormonism. I do not participate at all
in his fears. I have not tbe slightest appre-
hension that I shall wake up some morning in
the arms of two wives. [Laughter. ] I do not
think there is the slightest danger ; and if my
honorable friend struggles against that as he
does against all other improper things he will
be safe. No, Mr, President, we have here
