1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
840!
of economy in saving numbers, and it is in the
interest of economy in saying pay.
Let me add one word. Ever since I have
been in this House, whenever the affairs of the
Navy have come up, there has been a general
sentimentthat it was over-officered ; and mem-
bers have frequently recorded their protests
against what they deemed an abuse in this
respect. Now, here is the Navy Department
coming here, and in the interest of economy
seeking to prevent superfluous officers being
graduated at the expense of the country and
put into the Navy, where they are not wanted.
And I think it is poor encouragement to the
Department, when it is simply seeking a pro-
vision that will save money and give officers a
'better education—I say it is poor encourage-
ment to the Department to find this opposition
to what is now proposed. I know from invest-
igation, and if other gentlemen will investigate
the matter thoroughly I am sure they also will
find, that the measure is in the interest of
economy.
Mr. DONNAN. 1 desire to say only a
word. It seems to me that the point the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobdrn] makes
was misunderstood by the gentleman who has
just addressed the committee. It is this, that
there will be no less number in the Academy.
For instance, under the new apportionment
of Representatives, there will be in all three
hundred in the Academy, whether it be a four
years' or a six years' term. But if the gen-
tleman from Maine desires in the interest of
economy to reduce the pay of the officers of
the Navy, which, as he has partly confessed,
is already overstocked with officers, why does
he not introduce for the consideration of Con-
gress some such measure as that proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana, that the lower
grades of graduates be returned to civil life;
or another proposition, which I shall very
gladly support, that the Representative of
each of the two hundred and ninety-three
congressional districts shall appoint a grad-
uate only once in eight years? In this way
we would reduce at a very rapid rate, it seems
to me, the extra number of officers in the
Navy.
But, sir, is there occasion for having a six
years' terra in the Academy ? Is there any
reason in the world why a young man in the
Naval Academy in Annapolis cannot master
his course in four years, as well as a cadet at
West Point? I do not believe that any valid
reason can be offered. On the contrary, look
at the difference in the conduct of these two
institutions. At West Point during the twenty
years from 1846 to 1866 they only graduated,
on an average, about forty-two and a half per
cent, of those appointed; but I see by the
Navy Register of 1869, which is the latest I
have seen, that the graduating class there is
the largest class in the institution. Now, my
reply to all that has been said here is simply
this : raise the standard a little at the Naval
Academy and thus weed it out and graduate
fewer men, or else adopt the principle already
suggested of returning those who take the
lowest standard to civil life.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question. Is he in favor of educating at
the public expense certain young men at the
Naval Academy with the avowed purpose of
their afterward entering into employment in
civil life?
Mr. DONNAN. I do not believe but what
it would be a good thing for the country to
have young men educated as naval officers,
but at the same time I favor the amendment
to give members of Congress appointments
to the Naval Academy once in eight years
instead of once in four years.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My impression in
this matter is that a four years' term at the
Naval Academy is better practically than a
six years' term. I believe that a term of six
years, during which the young lad is with-
drawn from the world, you may say, and from
42d Conu. 3d Sess.—No. 54.
association with his friends, in a school like
this, which is really a specialty, is not so good
for him as a four years' term. Now, prac-
tically, not half of the candidates who enter
the Naval Academy ever graduate. The class
that will graduate next June consisted of over
ninety members; it is now reduced to less
than sixty members ; so that in discussing this
matter we are discussing it not in view of the
fact that every young man who enters the
Academy graduates, but in face of the fact
that less than fifty per cent, ever go through
the course. They resign or they fail to pass
their examination, and leave tfie Academy, or
drop into a lower class, v?hich amounts to the
same thing; for it does not prevent the.filling
up. The remedy would be that suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio, to provide that a
less number should be sent there, and not to
keep them at the school beyond the time
when it is useful to keep them there. I think
there is no college in the country where the
term of study exceeds four years. In much
less time than four years young men study
professions; they graduate at law schools in
two years, and from agricultural and techno-
logical schools in four years. I do not believe
it would be good to keep a young man at a
school like that at West Point or Annapolis
for a term of six years. My impression is that
the course of study at each of these schools
can be mastered by a young man, if he meets
with no drawbacks and is in good health, in
four years as well as in six, and I do not think
it healthful for him to withdraw him from the
world for six years. If you beep him at sea
for that time it may make him a better seaman.
Mr. HALE. Let me answer one point which
the gentleman makes. He objects to the ex-
tension of the term because it withdraws the
boy for two years more from public life, which
he thinks is not well. Now, the answer to that
is, that the boy gets the additional two years
as a midshipman on some kind of duty just as
he gets it now after he has graduated. It will
not change it at all except m this respect, that
at present he graduates and gets his commis-
sion as a midshipman and then has to com-
plete his education. Now, the Department
believe it better to give him the two years ser-
vice he has now in contact with the world, but
to keep him under tutelage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But by the gentle-
man's amendment you do not put him afloat.
Mr. HALE. That is entirely optional with
the Department. I have no objection to an
amendment to make that certain. That is the
object of the amendment.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I am satisfied that the
more the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine is considered the more it will recom-
mend itself to the favor of every man who has
the good of the naval service at heart. In my
opinion it is the best thing that we can do with
the Naval Academy to-day, and is in reality in
the direction of economy.
Now, sir, I want to say a single word in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fap.nsworth.] He says that four years is
enoiigh for the education of a naval cadet. I
I think that if he will consider the matter
thoroughly he will in all candor admit that
there are some exceptions to that rule. Let
us see how it corresponds with the ordinary
college course. The gentleman, I suppose,
will admit that the education of the naval
cadet should be as thorough as that of a stu-
dent in one of our ordinary colleges. How
long does it take to prepare a student for col-
lege? It takes two years for the preparatory
course. You require of the naval cadet only
a limited knowledge of arithmetic, geography,
and the common branches. It will take him
two years to prepare himself for any college in
the United States.
Now, in the Naval Academy the full course
is four years. The cadet mast learn more
than does the cadet at the military school.
He must learn astronomy thoroughly and the
use of the quadrant. One thing more: the
naval cadet does not get instructions in tactics
every day of his life, as does the military cadet,
lhat makes a material difference. If this
provision of the bill is adopted it will give us
thoroughly accomplished officers iu the Navy,
and that is what we want. In that service
more than in any other does the safety of the
fleet, the good of the service depend upon
the knowledge, information, and skill of the
commander. I think this provision should
be adopted.
order of business.
The hour of two o'clock having arrived,
The SPEAKER resumed the chair, and said:
Under the rule of the House, and by an
arrangement made last week, the Committee
for the District of Columbia is entitled to the
floor after two o'clock to-day. Something was
"said on yesterday about an arrangement being
made to have that committee go over until
next week, but nothing was done.
Mr. "S FARKWEATHER. We have two
subjects that will not occupy much time, ilf
the naval bill can be finished in half an hour
or so without our losing the right lothe floor I
will have no objection, because we can finish
what business we maj have in the remainder .
of the day's session.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
under the rule to call the attention of the
House to the fact as he has done.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I object to any change
that will take the Committee for the District
of Columbia from the floor. It is of great im-
portance to this House and to the country that
that committee may be heard and heard fully
to-day.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I should be en-
tirely willing, if the naval bill can be finished
by three o'clock, to take our hour after that.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I object to any such
arrangement.
Mr. HALE. If the bill is not finished by
three o'clock I will agree to move that the
committee rise
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The matters before the
Committee for the District of Colnmbiaare of
great importance, and I object to any arrange-
ment by which their consideration shall be
postponed. Last year I was entirely prevented
from calling the attention of the House to the
enormous frauds being perpetrated in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I insist upon it that I shall
not be choked off again this year.
Mr. HALE. I suppose the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia has
control of this matter.
The SPEAKER. He has not. It is fixed
by the rule of the House and by an arrange-
ment made last week, that after two o'clock
to-day the remainder of the session shall be
devoted to reports from the Committee for
the District of Columbia. It was the duty of
the Chair to announce the time to the House
when that rule would go into effeet, even
though the Committee of the Whole was con-
sidering a bill at the time. It requires unan-
imous consent to make any change in that
order.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] object to our going
on with the naval appropriation bill for half
an hour or so?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I object to anything
that will postpone the consideration of the
matter upon which the Committee for the
District of Columbia is entitled to the floor.
Last year when I applied for the floor I was
cut off by the report of a conference committe,
and the effect of that was to prevent me from
being heard by the House upon the subject.
From that day to this frauds have been com-
mitted in this District to the extent of six or
seven million dollars, mainly, I believe, in
consequence of that operation.
Mr. COB URN. I rise to a question of
order, whether an objection or a call for the
