850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
regular order is not sufficient to carry the
pending bill over without anything further?
The SPEAKER. Under the regular order
the Committee for the District of Columbia is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] object to a vote on
this proposition now?
Mr. COBURN. My point is that the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] asks unan-
imous consent to proceed with this bill and
objection is made. Is not that sufficient?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HALE. Is there objection to a vote
being taken now on the pending proposition?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I object to any ar-'
rangement.
The SPEAKER. Business is in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
harboil of washington and georgetown.
Mr. POLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report
back House bills No. 3478 and 3479, together
with a report of the board on the improvement
of the harbors of Washington and George-
town, with a recommendation that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of this subject, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Our com-
mittee also submit a recommendation which
they desire to have referred along with these
bills. 1 may say that the Committee for the
District of Columbia have spent very consid-
erable time in the examination of witnesses in
relation to the necessity of improving the har-
bor of this city, and as to the plans proposed
by these two bills. The committee have not
deemed it their province to determine upon
any plan, but have adopted a resolution which
they ask to have sent to the Committee on
Commeree, recommending an appropriation
of $800,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, for the improve-
ment of the harbors of Washington and George-
town. The various plans that are presented in
these bills will also go to that committee.
There being no objection, the Committee for
the District of Columbia was discharged from
the further consideration of the following bills
and reports; and the same were referred to
the Committee on Commerce:
A bill (H. R. No. 3478) relating to improv-
ing the river front of Washington city;
A bill (H. R. No. 3470) for the improve-
mentof the harbor of Washington, and making
an appropriation therefor; and
A report of the board of improvement of
the harbors of Washington and Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish it understood that
there shall not be any reconsideration of this
reference.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recon-
sider the reference will be laid on the table.
Mr. POLAND. I ask that the recommend-
ation of the Committee for the District of
Columbia be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Tho Committees for the District of Columbia re-
port back the bills, and ask that they bo referred to
tho Committee on Commeree. They further recom-
mend an appropriation of 5300.000 for the improve-
ment of tho harbor of Washington and Georgetown
under tho direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. POLAND. We desire that this recom-
mendation shall be referred to the Committee
on Commerce along with the bills.
The SPEAKER. That will be done if there
be no objection.
There was no objection.
gift enterprises.
Mr. COTTON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back with
amendments the bill (H. R. £Jo. 3482) pro-
hibiting gift enterprises in the District of
Columbia.
The bill, which was read, provides for the
disapproval and lepeal o( so much of the act
of the Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia entitled "An act imposing a license
on trades, business, and professions practiced
or carried on in the District of Columbia, '
approved August 23, 1871, as authorizes gift
enterprises therein and licenses to be issued
therefor; and hereafter it is made unlawful for
any person or persons to engage in that busi-
ness in any manner as defined in that act or
otherwise. Any person or persons so doing,
on conviction thereof in the police court of the
District, on information filed for and on behalf
of the District, in the manner provided for in
the sixteenth section of the act creating the
police court in the District for the enforce-
ment of laws or ordinances of the late corpo-
rations of Washington, Georgetown, and the
levy court, is to pay a fine of $1,000 and costs,
and be imprisoned in the jail of said District
for a period of not less than one nor more than
six months. Any party deeming himself ag-
grieved by the judgment of the court may
appeal therefrom to the criminal court of the
District, in the manner provided for in other
cases of convictions in the police court, and
the judgment of the criminal court shall be
final..
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strikeout the words " $1,000 and costs,
and be imprisoned in the jail of said District
for a period of not less than one nor more than
six months'," and to insert in lieu thereof
"not exceeding $1,000, or by imprisonment in
the jail of said District for a period of not less
than one nor more than six months, or both,
in the discretion of the court."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COTTON. The effect of the amend-
ment is that while the bill provides for a fine
of $1,000 and imprisonment, the provision is
changed so as to provide that the punishment
shall not exceed a fine of $1,000, or imprison-
ment for not less than one nor more than six
months, or both fine and imprisonment, at the
discretion of the court.
I.understand some of the committee desire
to oppose the bill, and therefore I propose to
explain it a little.
Mr. Speaker, this is a bill to repeal a section
of a law passed by the District Legislature.
That law authorizes the licensing of gift enter-
prises. The sum fixed forthe licenseis$l,000;
and under this law, we are informed, half a
dozen have been licensed in the District of
Columbia. This bill simply repeals that section
of the law of the District Legislature, as Con-
gress has the right to do. I have a letter
addressed to the honorable gentleman who
represents this Distiiet, explaining the neces-
sity for this legislation, which I will ask to
have read.
Tho Clerk read as follows :
Washington, Januari/11,1873.
Sir: Inclosed you have a bill designed forthesup-
pression of tho photograph lottery establishments
now existing in this District, to tho very great injury
of our working population. * * * *
Tho necessity for prompt action is imperative, in
view of the fact that our local authorities are about
to disburse large sums to their contractors, of which
a large portion will soon find its way into the hands
of that class to whom these establishments are so
great a snare.
There are now seven of these places in the District,
to wit, ono in Georgetown, two on Pennsylvania
avenue, three on Seventh street, and one on Ninth
street, with a strong probability that every business
portion of the District will soon be infested with
their presence.
A visit to these establishments will satisfy the
observer of the necessity for some action by Con-
gress. Our local Legislature will not meet for three
or four months, and the supreme court of the Dis-
trict has recently decided that the laws now in force
fail to furnish any remedy ; and yet he will find in
each of these places from seventy-five to two hun-
dred persons ninety per cent, of whom arc laboring
men and women, spending the last twenty-five or
fifty cents they have been able by any means to pro-
cure, in the purchase of a worthless photograph, in
tho vain hope of being the lucky purchaser of one
entitling the holder to a prize ot one dollar, five
dollars, or ten dollars, as the case may be.
Itis estimated by those who have carefully watched
tho workings of this swindle, that it is not unusual
for the larger ones to receive in a single day $2,000,
and the smaller ones lrom$500 to SI,500, a very small
portion of which is allowed to find its way back to
the pockets of these unwary people in the way of
PrYours, CHARLES KING.
Hon. N. P. Chipman, House of Representatives.
Mr. COTTON. I do not see the gentlemen
present who desire to oppose the bill, and
therefore demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COTTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
district board op health.
Mr. COTTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (S. No. 974) to fur-
ther define the duties of the Board of Health
of the District of Columbia ; and moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
education of the blind in the district.
Mr. CREBS, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3624) to provide
for the better education of the indigent blind
in the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time.
The preamble to the bill states that the
Secretary of the Interior is authorized by law
to educate the indigent blind of the District of
Columbia in some State institution for the
blind, and that the Legislature of the District
of Columbia has authorized the establishing
of a school for the blind in the District, under
the title of "The Columbia Institution forthe
Blind." The bill then goes on to provide that
the Secretary of the Interior be authorized, at
his discretion, to cause all the indigent blind
of suitable age and capacity, who are now, or
who may hereafter become, entitled, under the
act of Congress approved February 23, 1865,
to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Columbia Institution forthe Instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind,"
approved February 16, 1857, to instruction, to
be educated in the Columbia Institution for
the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind, at a cost not greater for each pupil than
is, or may be for the time being, required to
be paid by other pupils in the said Columbia
institution, to be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athirfl time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CREBS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
georgetown presbyterian congregation.
Mr. CREBS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3481) to
authorize the trustees of the Presbyterian Con-
gregation of Georgetown to dispose of real
estate, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
trustees of the Presbyterian Congregation of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to
dispose of any and all real estate owned by
that congregation, and to convey title there-
for ; and so much of the act approved March
28, 1806, to incorporate the trustees of the
Presbyterian Congregation of Georgetown,
inconsistent with this is repealed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CREBS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
