852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. CHIPMAN. I decline to admit that
amendment.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that a Delegate cannot object to an
amendment being offered.
Mr. RANDALL. And also that a Delegate
cannot keep a member off the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. A Delegate has every right
of a member, except the right of voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He has-the right to
debate, but not the right to object.
Mr. SARGENT. He has the right to occupy
the time assigned him for debate, and to refuse
tp be interrupted by any gentleman offering an
amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from the District of Columbia has been
recognized as a member of the Committee for
the District, and in that position has every right
except the right of voting. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. When a Delegate is
entitled to the floor to report a measure he
possesses all the rights appertaining thereto
except the right of voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The making the
Delegate a member of the Committee lor the
District of Columbia does not give him rights
from which the Constitution debars him.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I wish to inquire
whether, the previous question not having been
moved or seconded, I have not the right to be
heard ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from the District of Columbia [Mr.
Ciiipman] holds the floor for one hour, if he
chooses, in his own right. Does thegentieman
wish to avail himself of that right?
Mr. CHIPMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. There was some
difference of opinion in committee on this
bill. I hope some opportunity will be given
for discussion.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] desire to address
the House on this bill? I am willing to yield
the gentleman ten minutes to address the
House on this bill.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. That will not be suf-
ficient time. As a member of the committee
I want to be heard.
Mr. CIIIPMAN. I withdraw the motion
for the previous question, and yield to the
gentleman from New York for twenty minutes.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Am I recognized as
holding the floor in my own right?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle
man is recognized, by permission of the gen-
tleman representing the District of Columbia,
for twenty minutes.
Mr. ROOSEVELT addressed the House.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from the District of Columbia [Mr.
Ciut'MAs] demands the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHIPMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUILDINGS ON JUDICIARY SQUARE.
Mr. ELDREDGE, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 3476) to provide for the removal of
wooden buildings on Judiciary square.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the engineer
in charge of public buildings and grounds to
cause the wooden buildings situated on Judi-
ciary square of Washington city to be sold and
removed therefrom, and to pay to the Women's
Christian Association of Washington the pro-
ceeds of such sale, provided that the Governor
of the District of Columbia shall find and pro-
vide a suitable building for the said association
for at least one year after their removal from
Judiciary square.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The House will remem-
ber that at its last session Congress made an
appropriation for the improvement of Judi-
ciary square. Upon it are a lot of wooden
buildings which were erected during the war,
neluding a sort of barracks for the poor, and
since then an association called the Women's
Christian Association of Washington have
been permitted to use and occupy those build-
ings for the purposes of their association.
The buildings are said to be of very little
worth, a good number of them having gone to
decay and the floors having rotted out, and
the engineer in charge of public buildings
and grounds informs me that they will sell
for something in the neighborhood of $3,000,
not to exceed that amount, and probably not
to reach it. It is proposed by this bill to give
the proceeds of the sale to this association,
and I cannot better inform the House what
the objects of the association are than by
reading a passage from their charter :
" The objects of this association are to afford relief
and aid to tho destitute, and work for those seeking
employment, homes for the homeless, sympathy for
the friendless, to reform and restore tho fallen, and
to bestow such benevolence in individual cases as
the means of the society may allow."
The association is undenominational, and
their report shows that they expended las',
year the sum of $6,000, which was contributed
by life members, by annual contributions to
the society, and by such sums as churches and
benevolent persons and persons calling them-
selves Christians saw fit to contribute to it.
The appropriation which was made by Con-
gress last year cannot be expended without
the removal of these buildings, and the grounds
of Judiciary square cannot be improved with-
out (heir removal. The engineer in charge
of the public buildings and grounds has not
felt that he had a right on his own personal
notion arbitrarily to require these buildings to
be removed, or to dispose of them. He pre
ferred that Congress should direct their sale,
and that the proceeds of the sale should be
paid over to this association on condition that
the Governor of the District shall furnish the
association with a place of meeting during the
year. I do not suppose there can be any
objection to the bill, and I ask the previous
question upon it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OltDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The Committee
for the District of Columbia have no 'further
reports to submit.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and on a division,
there were—ayes 70, noes 50.
Mr. HALE. I call for tellers; I want to
dispose of the naval appropriation bill to-day.
Mr. RANDALL. How long will it take to
dispose of that bill ?
Mr. HALE. About half an hour.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. YOUNG. And pending'that motion
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question was put on Mr. Young's mo-
tion ; arid there were—ayes 52, noes 90.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Eldredge's
motion; and being put, there were—ayes 65,
noes 70.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were fifteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Accordingly, the motion to adjourn was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Hale, that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the special order.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes ninety-eight, noes not counted.
naval appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3351) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes.
The pending question was on the motion
of Mr. Coburn, to strike out the paragraph in
relation to the Naval Academy at Annapolis,
which had been amended so as to read as
follows:
That from and after the 30th day of June, 1873,
the term of the classes in the Naval Academy at
Annapolis as eadet midshipmen shall be six years,
instead of four, as now provided by law; and the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to extend the
time of classes of cadet engineers from two years to
four years; and this provision shall first apply to' the
class entering the Academy in the year 1873, and to
all subsequent classes.
Mr. HIBBARD. Before the question is
taken on the motion to strike out, I move to
further amend this paragraph by striking out
all after " 1873," where it first occurs, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
There shall be no increase in the number of
cadets in the Naval Academy at Annapolis by rea-
son of there being after the Forty-Second Congress
an increased number of members of the House of
Representatives, but whenever it shall become
necessary to provido for filling prospective vacan-
cies in said Academy, the Secretary of the Navy '
shall designate from the congressional districts in
which, upon the occurrence of such vacancies, no
member of any class in said Academy will be a
resident, the requisite number of districts from which
appointments to fill such vacancies shall be made,
and thereafter, whenever it shall become necessary
to provide for the filling subsequent vacancies, the
Secretary of the Navy shall designate from thecon-
gressional districts then unrepresented in any class
of said Academy, or which will be unrepresented
therein upon tho occurrence of such vacancies,
the requisite number of districts from which appoint-
ments to fill such subsequent vacancies shall be
made, in all cases giving the preference to those
districts which shall have been unrepresented in
said Academy the greatest length of time.
Mr. HALE. I raise the point of order that
this amendment is not germane to the pend-
ing paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains tho
point of order.
The question was then taken upon striking
out the paragraph as amended ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 65, noes 35; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hale and
Mr. Hiiibap.d were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes seventy-two,
noes not counted.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I move to further amend the
bill by adding the following:
. Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
is hereby, authorized to make soundings between
