856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
diminished reserve lands ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
CHICKASAW NATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acling Secretary of the Interior, inclosing a
protest of the Governor of the Chickasaw
nation against certain measures providing for
opening the Indian territories to white settle-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MAP OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the acting
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation for preparing a map of the Uni-
ted States for the American department of the
Vienna exposition on a large scale, with a map
of western Europe ; which was referred to the
Commit.teee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS, NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the acting
Secretary of ike Interior, transmitting six sur-
veys of the surveyor general of New Mexico
on private land claims in said Territory ; which
was leferred to the Committee on Private
Laud Claims, and ordered to be printed.
DIPLOMATIC DEPARTMENT.
TheSPE AKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, in relation to the reorganization
of the diplomatic and consular department;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Atfairs, a_nd ordered to be printed.
INDIGENT AMERICANS ABROAD.
TheSI'EAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, in relation to relief of indigent
Americans in foreign States; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
APPRAISEMENT OF KID GLOVES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 10, 1873, transmitting
a report of the merchants' appraisement of
larnb-.slcHi or Is id gloves imported during the
year 1872 by Goodsell, Boudillon & Co., of
Boston; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
CIVIL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter l'rom the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 18, 1873, in relation
to the appointment of clerks and employes
during the year 1872 under the civil service
rules; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Reorganization of the Civil Ser-
vice of the United States, and ordered to be
printed.
LIGHT-IIOUSE PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a draft of a
bill to protect the United States buoyage and
light-house property; which was referred to
the Committee ou Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
FREIGHT ON MATERIALS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to
a resolution of the House of January 17, 1873,
in relation to the amount paid for freight on
materials, stores, &c., during the fiscal years
ending June 30,1870, and June 30,1871; which
was referred to the Committee oil Naval
Atfairs, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN IlAILItOAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
president of the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company, transmitting, in compli-
ance with law, a report of the transactions of
said company during the year ending Decem-
ber 31, 1872 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be priuted.
CIVIL SERVICE RULES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 18,1873, in relation
to the clerks and other employes in the War
Department appointed for employment in the
city of Washington during the year 1872 under
the civil service rules ; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Reorganization
of the Civil Service of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
SALE OF GOVERNMENT PROPERTY.
Mr. IIALSEY. I ask unanimous consent
to present a bill (H. R. No. 3627) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the cus-
tom-house property at Plymouth, North Caro-
lina, in order that it may be considered at this
time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be sold at
public auction, without unnecessary delay, in
the town of Plymouth, in the State of North
Carolina, to the highest and best bidder, the,
old custom-house and the lot of ground on
which the same is situated, the whole being
known as the custom-house property, in the
said town of Plymouth, in the State of North
Carolina, upon such terms of payment as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BIRD. I do not observe in the bill
any provision for advertising this sale.
Mr. HALSEY. I presume the Secretary
of the Treasury would cause the property to
be advertised.
Mr. BIRD. If there is a general law which
requires such property to be advertised I make
no objection. Otherwise, I think that provis-
ion should be inserted in the bill.
Mr. HALSEY. I have no objection to
incorporating the provision which the gen-
tleman desires. I therefore move to amend
the bill by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That said sale shall only be advertised
after due notice published in some newspaper, at or
near where the property is located.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr.HALSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
- The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE IN OBSCENE THINGS.
Mr. MERRIAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3628) to prohibit
commerce in obscene and immoral things ;
which was read a first and second time,
referred t,o the Comaiittee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States, and ordered to be
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KETCHAM. 1 ask unanimous consent
to report a bill from the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. MAYNARD. We are getting near
the end of the session, and I think the morn-
ing hour should now begin. After this is dis-
posed of I shall call the regular order.
MINIMUM PRICE OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. KETCHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, for present consideration, the bill
(H. R. No. 3277) fixing a minimum price to
lands remaining to the United States within
the limits of grants for rail or wagon roads.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read far
information, after which objections, if any, will
be in order.
The bill was read.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the Public Lands
whether the provisions of this bill apply to
mineral lands? If they do, I shall object.
Mr. KETCHAM. The bill has the unani-
mous approval of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, and I send to the desk to be read a
letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office recommending it.
The letter was read.
Mr. KERR. I object to the present con-
sideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, the bill (H. R. No. 3242) to pro-
vide for a district and circuit court of the
United States for the northern district of
Pennsylvania, with an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute, for present consideration.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be
read for information, after which objections,
if any, will be in order.
The substitute was read.
Mr. SPEER. I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now insist on the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called, the morning hour begins at twelve
o'clock and forty minutes; and reports from
committees of a private nature are in order.
The call rests with the Committee on the
Militia.
There were no reports from the Committee
on the Militia.
The SPEAKER. If there are no reports
from the Committee on the Militia, reports of
a private nature are in order from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3629)
to provide for a district and circuit court of
the United States for the northern district
of Pennsylvania; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. HIBBARD. If this bill is to give rise
to debate, I make the point that it is not a
private hill.
Mr. BINGHAM. It, is in the nature of a
private bill. It is to give relief to many thou-
sand people in Pennsylvania. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the hill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the vote is taken
on the passage of the bill I desire simply to
say to the House, without delaying them, that
the passage of this bill, in my judgment, upon
the evidence that was before the Judiciary
Committee, is essential to the administration
of justice in the State of Pennsylvania, and
especially in the western district of the State
of Pennsylvania, where there is a population
of nearly two million people. I desire to cast
no reflections upon the eminent gentleman who
holds the office of district judge for the western
district of Pennsylvania, but I am informed
that Judge McCandless, by reason of the in-
firmities of age, is not able to discharge one
