1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
181T
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether that resolution is in order?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana {Mr. Voorhees] yield for the offer-
ing of the resolution?
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the
gentleman from Maryland is not before the
House.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I ask
that by unanimous consent the ladies unable
to obtain admission to the galleries have the
privilege of being admitted to the floor, as
yesterday.
Objection was made.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Then
I move to suspend the rules and make that
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Voorhees] has the floor. Does
he yield for that puroose ?
Mr. PORTER. I hope the gentleman will
yield.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would be willing to
yield to test the sense of the House, but I do
not consent that it shall come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Voorhees] will proceed.
Mr. VOORHEES. I yield twenty minutes
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I do
not propose or expect in twenty minutes to be
able to argue this whole question. Nor indeed
would it be necessary for my purpose to do so.
But I will say in advance that I regard the
whole arrangement of this Credit Mobilier
Company, for the building of the Union Pa-
cific road under the Oakes Ames contract as
now developed, as a fraud upon the Govern-
ment, as a measure conceived in sin and
brought forth in iniquity; and I consider that
all the men who are connected with it have
come far short of the duty they owed to the
Government.
Interested as the United States is, in the
building of that great road, and considering
the aoJsjunt of money of the people invested
in X regard it as the highest duty of the men
wno were appointed to guard the interests of the
United States to have laid before Congress
from time to time, as they received informa-
tion, everything that looked like wrongfully
diverting the money of the people into the
pockets of any set of men by any device
whatever. That was not done. We appointed
by the act of 1864 Government directors whose
special duty it was by section thirteen—
" From time to time to report to the Secretary of the
Interior, in answer to any inquiries he may make
touching the condition, management and progress
of the work, and shall communicate to the Secretary
of the Interior at any time such intormation as
should be in the possession of the Department."
I never heard that any Government director
from that day to this has ever reported these
transactions in their true light. I have never
heard that any Secretary of the Interior has
ever called the attention of Congress to the
true facts. I believe that gentlemen who have
been advised of these things have fallen far
short of their duty. I believe that the gentle-
men from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who
knew all about these matters, has been as
derelict in bis duty in this matter as any man
upon this floor. 1 see no distinction between
the case of Mr. Bixgham, of Ohio, and that
of Mr. Brooks, of New York, except perhaps
in the extent of his information ; and 1 do not
think that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] is himself free from blame in
failing to tell Congress what he knew all the
time, because in his testimony before the
Wilson committee he swears:
"I acted as inspector at the election. I staid
there the next day, and I think the day after. In
the mean time the contract ot Ames came ux>. and
I advised that the only way possible to km along
with that contract inter «, i. <?.. among the stock-
holders themselvef. it it was de.-irablo to carry it
out, wa^ that it should be a contr act ot three pftrfs,
in which the various parties should let the road to
Mr. Alia, and they should come in a* partners.
That is, they should take it as a joint operation as
individuals and not as stockholders, and that they
must get all the stockholders to sign, or else any one
stockholder eould stop it. I left that contract to be
prepared by the other counsel. I did not prepare it
myself, and I did not see it till after it was pre-
pared. I went home, and in the due eourse of busi-
ness I charged my clients $5,000 for services and
$1,000 for expenses. Some weeks afterward, when I
forwarded the bill, some of the gentlemen in the
board whom I had opposed <for in the mean time
they had a compromise board) said that it was too
much. I do not know what argument was used in
the board on the subject, bat they said they would
pay me S3,000. I said I would not take $3,000; that
I would not so far bemean my profession as to give
advice and legal services in the matter of contracts
involving 847,000.000 and to a company of S100,080,000
capital, for $3,000; that I ought to have charged
8X0,000. Thereupon they sent me $3,000. When I
got relieved from my public duties I sent word to
them that unless the other $3,000 was paid I should
very likely bring suit to recover it. Subsequently
that $3,000 was paid, as I believe. I did not feel
very kindly to the corporation for thus undertaking
to cut down my bill."
That gentleman failed to call attention to
the facts, being a counsel who had received a
fee in the case; and so, of all the members of
Congress who had knowledge of the facts in
this matter, none of them have done their duty
in my opinion.
I have only time to say briefly that the whole
management of the Union Pacific railroad and
the Credit Mobilier reflects no credit on any-
body and is wrongful on the part of many
distinguished men.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize fully the import-
ance of the power given to the House of Rep-
resentatives to purge itself of such members
as are so vile as to contaminate and pollute the
legislative halls, who accept bribes, sell their
votes and influence, or in any way barter the
rights of the people for private gain. When
a proper case is presented I deem it not only
the right but the duty of every honest Repre
sentative to vote for the expulsion of corrupt
members. Before, however, this extreme
remedy is resorted to, the facts must not only
be so plain, or the chaiu of circumstances so
complete, as to produce at least a reasonable
certainty of the guilt of the accused but the
rightful authority of Congress to try the ques-
tion must be clear under the Constitution or
the well-established interpretation thereof.
The right of representation is too sacred, the
danger of a bad precedent is too great, to say
nothing of the misery, degradation, and ruiu
of the man, his family, and friends, for me to
exercise the power of expulsion except in
cases where I can with a clear conscience not
only assert that the accused member had been
guilty of crimes or misdemeanors in high
places of such atrocity as to render him unfit
to be trusted in the public service or associated
with by gentlemen having any decent self-re-
spect, but that I have the right without over-
throwing or endangering the rights or liberties
of the people to pass upon and decide the
question.
I would feel humiliated, disgraced, and de-
graded before the country it I should so far
forget myself as to allow party feeling and
prejudice or a desire for political advantage
to influence my action or control my conduct
in a matter of such importance as this. I am
a party man, and to promote the interest and
success of the great party to which I belong,
in every honorable way, I will set my foot as
far as lie who goes farthest; but I would scorn
myself it' I thought I was capable of taking
advantage of my position, or of any popular
clamor, to wrongfully degrade or disgrace a
political opponent. The fact that political
capital may be made of party advantages
gamed by the public degradation of polit-
ical antagonists will, I hope, make me only
more careful not to degrade my position as
judge into that of an unscrupulous partisan.
I have tried to look over all this ground and
see what was best for the country, what was
safest as a precedent, and what was most in
accordance with the fundamental principles
of the great party to which I belong; and I am
satisfied that all these require that no doubt-
ful power should be. exercised, no nusuBtained
or unprecedented authority evoked in order to
attain any end or accomplish any purpose,
however desirable, f am not silly enough, to
assume that the individual members of the
Democratic party are more honest, more pa-
triotic, more worthy of public confidence than
the men who differ with them. What I assume
is, and it is for that reason that I am a Demo-
crat, that the doctrine and teachings of my
party are all opposed to the exercise of doubtful
powers. All favor strict construction ; all re-
quire its honest followers to set their faces in
unbroken phalanx against monopolies, jobs,
subsidies, rings, centralization, consolidation,
usurpation, and corruption in every form, and
it is only when our men abandon these princi-
ples and lose sight of the great landmarks of
the party that they become demoralized and
corrupt.
It is because the practices if not the avowed
principles of the Republican party breed con-
tempt for fixed constitutional principles, be-
cause with them the end justifies the means,
because success sanctifies all the steps taken to
achieve it, that I dread and oppose its suprem-
acy. I have in my short experience here seen
it degrade, humiliate, and almost overthrow
the Supreme Court of the United States because
it was reluctant to obey party mandates. I
have seen a President elected by that party
wholly deprived of his constitutional prerog-
atives and power, and almost successfully
impeached, because he was an obstacle in
its way. I have seen eleven States and nine
million people turned out of the Union and
reduced to military satrapies in order to
make them subservient tools in the hands of
the party leaders. I have seen Representa-
tives refused admission to these Halls though
sent with majorities of thousands, and those
admitted driven from them not for any wrong-
ful conduct, but because it suited the con-
venience or party purposes of the majority
to exclude or expel them. Against all these
usurpations the Democratic party has stood
firm and united, looking to the Constitution
and the principles established under it as their
guide.
I have had occasion before in this Hall to
quote the words of the historian, Hallam,
which cannot be too often repeated:
"As we find in the history of all usurping Govern-
ments, time changes anomaly into system, and
injury into right; examples beget custom and cus-
tom ripens into law, and the doubtful precedents of
one generation become the fundamental maxims of
another."
History is philosophy teaching by experi-
ence and example. We are making history
to-day, and our decision will be the guide and
the precedent by which future Congresses will
be governed. I will not, in order to reach
any end however desirable, leave the beaten
track which all the generations of lawyers and
statesmen have followed in the past, upon the
assumption that I am wiser than them all and
can see a clearer and a better though an
untried way. In determining a question of
jurisdiction in matters of such magnitude as
those under consideration all fair-minded mea
wili look at it, not as regards a particular case
or question, but how the principle bears upon
good government, and how it will affect the
rights and interests of the present and all
future generations. I agree that the power of
expulsion by a vote of two thirds is absolute
and unlimited. Certainly when the power is
exercised the party expelled has no appeal
and no redress. While that is true, the right-
ful exercise of that power and the safeguards
and limitations which wise legislators will
strive to throw around it are the all importaut
questions.
No man will doubt but what the framers of
the Constitution intended that Congress should
exercise the power of expulsion, if a member
should sell his vote, receive a bribe, or be guilty
of corrupt conduct, as a member of the Con-
gress by which he is arraigned and tried, and
