1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
no man will contend that the framers of the
Constitution intended to authorize two thirds
of Congress to expel a member because he
differed with them politically, or was more
honest than they and exposed their miscon-
duct, or blind of eye, lame, red-headed, or
wore clothes of a style they did not approve.
Yet there is no limitation in the language,
granting to Congress the power to expel mem-
bers for even more absurd reasons than those
last named.
If, while no question of expulsion was pend-
ing and members were looking alone to the
establishment of safe precedents for guidance
in the future, the question was submitted,
what is the true limitation of the power given
to Congress to expel a member. The decision
would be almost if not absolutely unanani-
mous that it was confined to the misconduct
of the member regarding or subsequent to his
election for the term during which his miscon-
duct was inquired into, and I feel sure that a
proposition to lay it down as a rule to govern
the future action of Congress, that the bad
conduct of men, either as members of any
former Congress, or in other capacity, public
or private, if no misconduct was attributed to
them during the Congress proposing to expel
them, should be made a ground of expulsion,
would meet with very little if any favor.
I shall try to look at and decide this ques-
tion now precisely as I would if there was
no case before Congress, and as if I was pass-
ing upon it for the guidance of men in the
future. The fact that there is great public
clamor and just indignation makes it all the
more important for the people themselves
that no advantage shall be taken of their
excited feelings to usurp power by Congress
which will be used for bad purposes hereafter.
No man's guilt is paliated, no man's miscon-
duct is whitewashed by the failure of Congress
to usurp power in order to expel him.
The House through its committee has laid
all the facts fully before the country. The
guilt of the guilty and the innocense of those
falsely accused are made apparent. It can
make but little difference either to the House
or the people whether the accused members
leave these Halls to-day or next Tuesday; no
action taken here can prevent a man elected
to the next Congress from taking his seat at
any time after the 4th of March. Expulsion
would of course only apply to this now expir-
ing Congress, but it does make a great differ-
ence to the whole people whether a good or
bad precedent is now established as to the
power of Congress over the members of that
body.
With all the facts relative to the members
accused of misconduct in the Credit Mobilier
affiiir before tho country and in the hands of
their constituents, those who are guilty can,
if the people they represent desire it, be reached
and forced to resign by the pressure of public
opinion in their respective districts, which is
the true mode of inflicting punishment on cor-
rupt or otherwise unworthy Representatives.
Congress has furnished each man's constituency
with all the facts necessary to prompt and
proper action. But there is another and a
more stringent, if not more efficient, mode of
punishment, which, without any usurpation or
strain of power can rid the next and all future
Congresses of those who are corrupt in this
connection. The courts of the country can by
a verdict and judgment of conviction not only
punish the offender, but as a part of the pun-
ishment prescribed the party convicted is for-
ever after the conviction disqualified from
holding any office of profit or trust. The filing
of the record of conviction would require
expulsion by the next or any future Congress.
The fact that a member, after expulsion, can
be tried, convicted, and rendered infamous by
the judgment of a court is conclusive to my
mind that the power of expulsion was not
intended to be exercised for punishmant for
offenses, but was given solely for the protection
of Congress against wrongful acts of its own
members. When a member presents himself
with a proper certificate of election, and shows
that he has all the requisite constitutional
qualifications as to age, residence, &c., his
past moral character cannot be inquired into.
Being admitted, if he conducts himself prop-
erly while a member, surely he cannot be
expelled for anything for which he could not
be excluded or rejected in the first instance.
It is sheer folly to say that while we cannot
reject an applicant for admission because of
any former misdeeds, yet although he shows
by his unexceptional conduct after his admis-
sion that he has repented of and abandoned
them all, we will still expel him because he
was at one time a bad man. Will any man
contend that it necessarily follows because a
man was corrupt, intemperate, or profane four
years ago that he must be so now, although for
two years past no corrupt act, no profame word,
and no intemperate conduct is even alleged
against him ? It seems to me clearly not. If
so, Paul never could have become an apostle.
I have on several occasions on this floor
maintained that the attempt to go behind the
election of members and inquire into their
conduct prior to their election was a gross
usurpation of power, unjust to the man and his
constituents and destructive of free represent-
ative government. On the 1st day of Feb-
ruary, 1868, when the dominant majority in
the Fortieth Congress undertook to exclude
my colleague, John Young-Brown, from the
seat to which he was entitled, for words spoken
seven years before, in one of the best con-
sidered speeches I ever made on this floor I
maintained the same position I now do. And
when the question of the right of Mr. Porter,
of Virginia, to a seat was under discussion on
the 27th of January, 1870, the case of John
Young Brown and others from Kentucky
having been brought upas precedents to show
that he ought not to be admitted, he having
been convicted by a court-martial for disloyal
expressions, T took occasion briefly to express
my opinion as to his rights as follows:
" Mr, Beck. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say, as tho
cases from Kentucky have been adverted to, that
the Democratic party then contended, and a large
majority of them now beliovo, that a gross outrage
was committed upon the constituents of those gen-
tlemen in excluding thom from this floor; but while
that was done, I assert that the Democratic party on
this floor ought not to admit that precedent was
right by making objection to a gentleman whoso
constituents have elected him. He being as I under-
stand twenty-five years of age, having been seven
years acitizon of the United States and an inhabit-
ant of the State from which he was chosen, and not
being obnoxious to the third section of the four-
teenth amendmont of the Constitution, which only
excludes those who heretofore-held office and took
an oath and then gavo aid and comfort to the enemy,
he having all the constitutional requirements, no
mattor what was the outrage committed on other
men, has a right to a seat here and to represent the
constituents who send him here. We have no right
to judge, and in order to see -who they are that take
the viow I have expressed, I shall call for the yeas
and nays so that the record may be made."
The yeas and nays after further debate were
ordered ; and were—yeas 167, nays 4. (See
Globe, vol. 75, p. 828.)
We all remember when six or eight years
ago Hon. John Morrissey was elected to Con-
gress how the howl went over the country
from the Republican press that he was a gam-
bler and a prize-fighter. And there was some
talk about excluding or expelling him from this
House. Yet no man dared to raise his voice
against him. He came here and was as well-
behaved a member as ever held a seat on this
floor.
I have maintained these views at all times.
They are my convictious now. I cannot con-
cede the rightful authority of Congress to
expel a member for any act done before his
election to the House which would not have
warranted his rejection when he applied for
admission, if, as in these Credit Mobilier trans-
actions, they were done in a former Congress
and that Congress expired before the acts
which would have been legitimate grounds for
expulsion from that body were ascertained or
investigated. The blame does not rest on
this Congress, and the remedy for the wrong
is in the courts of the country and with the
constituents of those implicated. The respon-
sibility cannot be shifted by clamoring for
this Congress to usurp authority in order to
gratify either personal feelings or accomplish
any other object however desirable.
We who have been here for several terms
have been compelled to sit and serve with men,
white and black, especially the Representatives
from the reconstructed States, whose conduct
prior to their election, if it could have been
inquired into, would have shown them to be
wholly unfit to be Representatives. I will only
instance one. C. C. Bowen, from South Caro-
lina, celebrated as a bigamist, when stand-
ing at the Speaker's desk with his hands
raised to take the oath as a member of this
House, was thus characterized by one of his
political friends, Hon. James Mullins, of Ten-
nessee. (See Globe, vol. 69, p. 4254.) After
denouncing his conduct as a confederate sol-
dier, he said:
" While acting as major my information is that he
killed his rebel colonel. Of that I do not complain.
He was arrested, tried, and imprisoned. While in
prison the Federa.1 Army came along, and of course
broke his fetters." * * * * He turned
to the loyal side, and while in tho Federal Army,
acting in some capacity, as General Sickles himself
told me, he did so bad that he had to be incarcerated
again. Then he turned round and became a swift
advocate for the black man's pay."
The Globe report has softened the language
actually used considerably, as all who heard it
will remember. Yet Bowen was sworn in
next minute, no man opposing, and nobody sup-
posed he could be expelled for acts done before
his election, however infamous they might have
been, and no investigation even was ever asked
or thought of, while all agreed that if these
things were true he was unworthy of a seat here.
He was elected a second time and came here.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Poland] said
that he would have voted to expel him. The
gentleman from Vermont was a member of the
Committee of Elections, and twice as such
member his committee reported in favor of
the admission of Mr. Bowen, with a full know-
ledge of all his character. My opinion is, that
if members of this Congress, either because of
the clamor of the press, the fear of popular in-
dignation, the desire to gratify the wishes of
their constituents, or from any other motive,
however laudable, disregard all the teachings
and precedents of the past, and assume the right
to expel members for acts done or wrongs, how-
ever flagrant, committed before their election
to this Congress, they have struck the death-
knell of liberty and representative government.
Two thirds of Congress can easily and readily
relieve itself from all opposition by expelling
the minority, for any reason or without reason.
I had hoped that the votes of Democrats
could never be pointed to as establishing the
precedent for such usurpation. Mine shall
not be; others may do as they please. I
know how popular it would be to overleap all
law, all precedent, all rightful authority, and
expel all who are accused or suspected of cor-
rupt conduct in the past, and I know how
odious it will be for a while to resist the popu-
lar demand for victims; but the sober second
thought will come, and the people will be just
when reason resumes her sway. I have looked
carefully over all the precedents, have read
many of the debates, and intended to refer to
them, but they have been so fully set forth by
the members of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in their several reports that it would be
useless now to do so. All agree that no man
has ever been expelled from either House of
Congress for wrongful acts committed before
he was elected to the Congress that expelled
him. No officer has ever been impeached for
offenses committed before he entered upon his
office. Precedents so conservative are law to
me. I will not overthrow them all to gratify
any passion or accomplish any temporary and
