1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
widow of Brintnal Robbing, an officer of the
army of the Revolution ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
personal representatives o'f Mary Robbing, de-
deased, widow of Brintnal Robbins, an officer
in the army of the Revolution, shall be paid,
out of any money appropriated for the pay-
ment of invalid pensioners, the sum of
$1,048 88, being for the arrears of pension to
Mary Robbins, at the rate of $213 33 per
annum from March 4, 1848, to February 3,
1853, to which she was entitled by the judg-
ment of the Court of Claims of February 21,
1857.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Docs this bill come from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions?
The SPEAKER. It is reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let me state to the
House that this case was before the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, and tha.t
it was reported back by that committee and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
as it was supposed to involve some legal ques-
tions. I ask the Clerk to read the_ petition
which was filed in the Court of Claims, and
the decision of the court.
The petiti on, addressed to the Court of Claims,
was read. It sets forth that the petitioner, Mary
Robbins, of the county of Westmoreland, in
the State of Pennsylvania, was the widow of
Brintnal Robbins, deceased, who was an officer
111 the war of the Revolution, and who died
prior to the 4th of March, 1848. The peti-
tioner further states that she was married to
Brintnal Robbins subsequently to the 1st of
January, 1800, and had been allowed a pension
at the rate of $213 33 per annum on account
of the revolutionary services of her husband,
under the second section of the act of Con-
gress approved February 3, 1853, entitled "An
act to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans,'' which pension was made to com-
mence, by the decision of the Secretary of the
Interior, on the 3d of Febru-ary, 1853, whereas
the petitioner insists it should have been made
to commence on the 4th of March, 1848. She
further represents that she was the sole owner
of the claim, no other person having any in-
terest therein.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not desire any fur-
ther reading of the papers in this case. My
only difficulty was how a claim for a pension
could go before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The Committee on the
Judiciary are unanimously of opiuion that this
widow was entitled to be paid her pension
fiom 1848 to 1853. The Court of Claims so
decided. But it is necessary to have an appro-
priation in order to carry their judgment
into effect. I cannot imagine any objection
to the bill. If the House does uot desire any
further explanation, I move the previous
question.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
poses to grant arrears of pension, as I under-
stand it. That question was before the House
during the last winter and was debated thor-
oughly. Several bills passed this Housegrant-
iug arrears of pension, under circumstances of
great pressure, as the House thought, and every
such bill that was sent over to the Senate was
there rejected, until finally, to test the question
more fully, the House refused to accede to an
amendment ot the Senate in one case, and a
committee of conference "Qfas^ had in order
that we might know whether it is necessary
ever to present to this House any such bills,
and it was fully decided, as the policy of the
Government, not in any case to give arrears ot
pension and such claims to those who had
t-eived during the late war. It has gone forth
as the fixed and settled policy that no arrears
ot' pension shall bo granted to any pensioner,
however strongly his case may appeal to the
sympathy of the House. I
There was a claim of Mrs. Yorke, in the
Forty-First Congress and in the Forty-Second
Congress, proposing to give arrears of pension
in a case like this. It was fought vigorously
here in the House, but it passed the House and
was tabled in the Senate. No question is now
more fully settled and understood than this,
that ho arrears of pension shall be granted.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Illinois makes but one objection to this bill,
and that is that it provides for arrears of pen-
sion. Now, I cannot understand that that is a
good legal objection under any circumstances.
The law is perfectly clear that this woman
was entitled to the pension at the time the
Commissioner of Pensions made his adverse
decision. She pressed her case vigorously in
the Court of Claims, and the court, after a full
hearing, decided that she was entitled to the
pension. The case rests on the construction
of a statute, and the Committee on the Judi-
ciary discussed and considered the question,
and there was not a single doubt expressed as
to her legal right to her pension from 1848 to
1853. She recovered a judgment for that
amount in the Court of Claims. That court,
in the case of James Smith vs. The United
States, clearly interpreted that law. I do not
know what conclusion the Senate may have
come to ; but I cannot imagine that when the
law provides for the payment of a pension we
should refuse to pay it because it was not paid
at the time it ought to have been paid.
The question presented to the committee
was whether the claimant was entitled to this
money, and, on an examination of the stat-
ute, every member of the committee came
to the conclusion that she was entitled to it.
I ask the Clerk to read the portion of the
decision of Judge Gilchrist in the case of
James Smith vs. The United States which I
have marked. Itis so plain that the wayfaring
man though a fool cannot err about it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The claimant alleges that she is the widow of
John Smith, deceased, who was asoldier in the Rev-
olution, and served during the whole of the war, for
more than seven years, and was discharged in the
year 1783. Iler husband received a pension under
the act of June 7,1832, from the 4th day of March,
1831, until his death, on the 25th day of May, 1834.
She was married subsequent to January, 1800, to wit,
on or about the 12th of September, 1805. Soon after
the passage of the act of February 3, 1853, entitled
'An act to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans,' she applied to the Pension Office for a
pension, at the rate of eighty dollars per annum,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1848, and to
continue during her widowhood; but she was
allowed a pension commencing only on the 3d of
February, 1853. She now alleges that she is entitled
to the arrears of pension at the rate of eighty dol-
lars per annum from the 4th day of March, 1848, to
the 3d of February, 1853.
"The first section of the act of July, 29, 184o, (9
Statutes, 265,) enacts ' that the widows of all officers,
non-commissioned officers. musicjans, soldiers, mar-
iners, or marines, and Indian spies, who shall have
served in the continental line. State troops, volun-
teers, militia, or in the naval service, in the revo-
lutionary war with Great Britain, shall be entitled
to a pension during such widowhood, of equal
amount per annum that their husbands would have
been entitled to, if living, under existing Pension
laws, to commence on the 4th day of March, 1848,
and to be paid in the same manner that other pen-
sions are paid to widows; but no widownow receiv-
ing a pension shall bo entitled to receive a further
pension under the provisions ot this act; and no
widow married after the 1st day ot January, 1800,
shall be en titled to receive a pension under this act.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The only reason why
she was not allowed her pension was that she
was not married previous to 1800. '1 he statute
to which allusion is made provided for the
cases of marriage after 1800. The only reason
why she did not get the pension was because
of the construction which the Secretary of the
Interior placed upon the act. The Court of
Claims took the matter under advisement, and
decided that she was entitled to a pension, as
will be seen by the further reading.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In order to entitle a widow to the benefit of this
section, four conditions must be complied with;
first, her husband must ha.ve belonged to one of
the classes specified; second, he must have been
entitled to a pension; third, she must not be already
in the receipt of a pension ; fourth, she must have
been married on ,or before the 1st day of January, 1800.
"The second se^ion of the act of February 3,1853,
(10 Statutes, 154,) is as follows: ' That the widows of
all officers, non commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, of the revolutionary Army, who were
married subsequent to January, A. D. 1800, shall be
entitled to a pension in the same manner as those
who were married before that date.'
" Now, if we examine these two sections together,
it seems impossible to reaeh any other oonetasion'
than that the act of 1853 was passed with reference
to the act of 1848. If this be so, what effect does it
produce upon the former act ? It refers to only one
of the four conditions which were necessary to be
complied with in order to entitle a widow to a pen-
sion under the act of 1848, and that is the condition
relating to the dateof the marriage. Thiseondition
is that the widow shall have been married on or be-
fore the 1st day of January, 1800. The act of 1853
provides that if she were married subsequent to
January, 1800, she shall be entitled to a jjension in
the same manner as those who were married before
that date. Now, if this section be not entirely nu-
gatory, if it has any moaning at all, it intends to
dispense with the requisition that the widow must
have been married prior to 1800. No one can for a
moment suppose that it was iutended to ratify and
reenact the provision in the act of 1848. If it were
not intended to reaffirm it, then the object was in
some way and to some extent to modify it. An exam-
ination of the meaning of the words 'in the same
manner' will aid us in coming to a conclusion."
Mr. ELDREDGE. Can any gentleman
doubt that the object of the act of 1853 was
to remove the necessity for the marriage to
have taken place previous to 1800? That is
a simply legal question, the only one pre-
sented. The commissioner declined to pay
her the pension for the period between 1848
and 1853. The Court of Claims, upon a full
hearing of the case, decided that she was en-
titled to the pension under that act, and the
Committee on the Judiciary have come to the
same conclusion. It is a matter of no im-
portance to me what the Senate may do ; we
are called upon only to do our duty here.
Mr. MOORE. I cannot understand why,
if this claimant went to the courts tu have her
claim decided, and the court decided in her
favor, she did not under that decision receive
her pension.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the gentleman had
paid any attention to .me he would have seen
that this case, from the decision of which the
Clerk has read, was the case of Smith against
the United States. It covered all the points
in this case, and was rendered when the judg-
ment of the Court of Claims could not be
carried into effect except Congress made the
appropriation.
Mr. MOORE. There are hundreds of this
very class of cases coming here to Congress,
and they have been answered time and time
again that we cannot pass special acts giving
arrearages of pension. If we begin to do this
now, there are a thousand cases which we will
be compelled to take up right aw ay, and which
are as strong in point of law and merit as this
particular case. Now, if any pensioners ob-
ject that Congress will not step in and give
them relief, and they have a remedy at law,
let them obtain that remedy at law. We can-
not open this immense door and revive all
these claims for arrears of pension that appeal
with as much force as this case possibly can,
both in law and in sympathy. I am opposed
to the passage of this bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman seems
to misapprehend this case entirely. He says
we must not open the door by passing special
laws for arrears of pension. That is uot the
case. This petitioner claims and- is entitled
under existing law to her pension; and we
now propose to carry out that law. That is
all we ask by this bill, to give her what pre-
vious legislation lias actually given her. It is
hot to open the door by any new legislation
for any new class of cases, but simply to pay
what, the law now provides for. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the mam question ordered; and tinder the
operation thereof the bill was oideieu to bo
