860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
engrossed and read the third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. MOORE. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were nine in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of
the last full vote) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john e. woodward.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back,
with a recommendation that it pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 8382) to reimburse John E. Wood-
ward for certain moneys paid by him.
The bill was read. It provides that $3,629 72
be paid from the judiciary fund accruing from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, to John E.
Woodward, the same being the amount of
money paid by him as damages, interest, and
cost on a judgment in favor of Samuel Fells in
the circuit court of McCracken county, State
of Kentucky, because of the sale by Woodward
of certain property during the war by the order
of the President of the United States, the pro-
ceeds of the sale having been duly and faith-
fully accounted for to the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This bill
was reported to the House at the last session
and passed without objection. It went to the
Senate, where it was passed in precisely the
same form ; but it failed to obtain the signa-
ture of the President for want of time.
Mr. CROSSLAND. Was there any evi-
dence before the Committee that Woodward
ever paid this money into the Treasury?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes,
sir ; there is plenary evidence of that.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I understand that in
fact he never did pay it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
plenary evidence that he accounted for it to
his superior, the provost marshal; and it was
by him accounted for to the War Department.
The reason why the money does not appear to
have been paid into the Treasury is because the
provost marshal accounted for it to the War
Department in the settlement of his accounts.
Mr. CROSSLAND. The facts of the case
are simply these: at the town of Paducah, in
the district in which I reside, Woodward, pre-
tending to be a Treasury agent, seized some
tobacco belonging to a German named Fella.
The tobacco was sold; but, as I understand,
Woodward never did pay that money into the
Treasury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He did
not pay it into the Treasury, if you emphasize
that word; but he accounted for it to his
superior ; and that superior accouuted for it
to the War Department. The evidence on that
point was ample. Woodward was afterward
sued for the amount, and judgment obtained
against him.
_ Mr. CROSSLAND. He was sued and
judgment was obtained, but he never paid
the judgment; and if this bill be passed he
never will pay it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He is
trying by this bill to get money to pay it.
Mr. CROSSLAND. If he paid the money
to his superior it should have found its way
into the Treasury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
his superior's matter. I believe, however,
that the money has practically, though possi-
bly not technically, gone into the Treasury.
Mr. CROSSLAND. Woodward has never
paid the money to Fells, and never will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And if
he gets many more unjust judgments against
him in the State of Kentucky, he will never
be able to pay Fells or any one else.
Mr. CROSSLAND. That judgment was
obtained before a judge of the gentleman's
own party.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very likely.
All our swans are not white. [Laughter.]
Mr. CROSSLAND. He is, however, one
of the whitest that belongs to the flock.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is an
unfortunate thing that in some places we have
to take such officers as we can get.
Mr. CROSSLAND. It is an anomaly that
this judge, although a Republican, has proved
to be an honest man. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
glad to hear it. It is the first time I have
heard of any such judge in Kentucky. Does
the gentleman know of another? [Laughter.]
Mr. CROSSLAND. It is very likely that
this is the first honest one belonging to that
party that the gentleman ever heard of.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No doubt
there are very few of them in Kentucky.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I should regret to have
the integrity of my people measured by the
gentleman's standard.
The SPEAKER. The debate is wandering
from the merits of the bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. CROSSLAND. I desire to move to
amend the bill.
Mr. B CJTLER, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I would like to state
the purport of the amendment I wish to offer.
It is that Woodward shall transferthis claim in
some way to Fells, or that the money derived
from the bill shall go into the hands of Fells,
whose money, if anybody's, has gone into the
Treasury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
assent to an amendment providing that until
Mr. Woodward pays the judgment no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury under this
bill.
Mr. CROSSLAND. All right.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let that amendment be
added.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the following proviso to the bill, which I un-
derstand will free it from all objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury under the provisions of this bill until said
Woodward pays said judgment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
seizure of books, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of January 15, 1873, in-
quiring whether any agent, detective, or other
official of his Department, has seized or claimed
the right to seize the books or papers of any
citizen of the United States except by duly
authorized process of law ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
civil service.
The SPEAKER, also by unanimous con
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution of the House of January 18, 1873,
transmitting a list of clerks and employes in
his Department appointed during the year
1872, with the States from whence appointed ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Civil Service, and ordered to be printed.
military convicts.
The SPEAKER, also by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an appropri-
ation to meet outstanding claims for the care,
clothing, maintenance, and medical attend-
ance and like necessaries of military convicts
in State penitentiaries; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and.ordered
to be printed.
public debt.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary .of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to report to this H<>use
the aggregate amount paid on the public debt since
the 4th day of March, 1861.
conference committee.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
managers of the conference on the part of the
House, on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising
and amending the laws relative to the mints,
assay offices, and coinage of the United States:
Mr. Hoofer of Massachusetts, Mr. Stooghton
of Michigan, and Mr. McNeely of Illinois.
private bills.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, (Mr. Maynard in the chair.)
george s. fisher.
The first business on the Private Calendar
was a bill (H. R. No. 2106) to reimburse
George S. Fisher for losses sustained by the
burning of the consulate building of the Uni-
ted States at Kanagawa, Japan, November 26,
1866.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that be
laid aside for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
j3rastus s joslyn.
The next business on the Private Calendar
was a bill (H. R. No. 1499) for the relief of
Erastus S. Joslyn, of Washington Territory.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that be
laid aside for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
naval contractors.
The next business on the Private Calendar
was a bill (H. R. No. 1698) for the relief of
certain contractors for the construction of ves-
sels of war and steam-machinery.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that be
laid aside for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
charles f. carlt.
The next business on the Private Calendar
was a bill (H. R. No. 2899) for the relief of
Charles F. Carr.
'I he bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay, out of any money not otherwise
appropriated, to Charles F. Carr, of Boston,
$2,447 60, in full for his claim as an informer
against Edward A. Long, chief clerk in the
light-house department in Boston.
Mr. McGREW. Is there any report in the
case'!
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. There is.
Mr. McGREW. I ask that it be read.
It appears from the report, winch was read,
I hat the claimant gave the information which
led to the arrest of Edward A. Long, chief
clerk in the light-house department in Bostou.
