1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. Speaker,
it is said that there has been no proposition
of importance from this company before
Congress. I find that questions relating to
the Union Pacific railroad have been before
Congress, ever present and absorbing, in the
Fortieth, Forty-First, and Forty-Second Con-
gresses and will probably be in the Forty Third
Congress. There has been since these trans-
actions began no Congress, no session in which
important legislation has not been asked and
haa at the instance of this company. True,
they did not ask more money; even they had
not the conscience for that. They did not ask
more land; they had not the conscience. But
they did want favors; one of which was to be
saved from being exposed. They came here
in the Fortieth Congress, even in December,
while these bargains were being made, while
the ink was fresh that recorded them, if they
ever were written ; they came here on the 16th
of December, 1867, and asked authority to
change the time and place of holding their
meetings. This was asked through the hon-
ored Representative from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] who said, "I was asked on their
behalf to do this," and on that day this House
passed such a resolution. I refer to the Globe,
volume sixty-five, pages 211, and 233.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman read the
resolution ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have not time now.
If the gentleman wishes to read it I will hand
it to him. This measure was pasced by the
Senate, came here, and was passed through
the House on the next day. This was speedy
action. Among those voting against laying
the resolution on the table I find Mr. Alli-
son, Mr. Ames, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Blaine,
Mr. Dawes, Mr. Dodge, Mr. Hooper, Mr.
Kelley, Mr. Scofield, and Mr. James F.
Wilson. Among those voting in favor of
laying the resolution on the table I find my
colleague, Mr. Garfield. Upon that occasion
it appeared there was a quarrel among these
directors; Mr. Brooks represented one side
and Mr. Ames the other. Mr. Dawes acted,
as he stated, at the request of the directors.
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, called attention to the
rule of the House forbidding an interested
person to vote.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. For what purpose does
the gentleman rise ?
Mr. DAWES. Is it any more than fair that
I should ask the gentleman to read the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. STEVENSON. If my time is extended
I will do so. If the House will give me ten
minutes I will have it read.
The SPEAKER. It is for the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] to state whether
he will extend the time of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. My proposition was
that the House extend my time.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Ohio having ten minutes, not
to be counted out of the time of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. SARGENT. For what purpose?
The SPEAKER. To enable the gentleman
to continue his speech.
Mr. SARGEN T. If it is to read this reso-
lution more fully 
The SPEAKER. There must be either
objection or consent. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none. The gentleman from Ohio
has an extension of time for ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have not here a copy
of the resolution, but the substance of it was
stated by Mr. Dawes. I will read it:
"Mr. Dawes. I ask to introduce a joint reso-
lution for action at this time, to which X presume
there will be no objection. It is a joint resolution
changing the time of holding the annual meeting of
the stockholdes of the Union Pacific railroad."
He states further:
"My resolution simply asks on behalf of the stock-
holders of thia road that they may change the time
of holding their annual neetings from October, the
time now fixed by law, to Maron, and also that they
may designate at one meeting the place where they
may hold their next annual meeting, provided it is
held at one of the five or six places enumerated in
the acts, where the books were opened for subscrip-
tions ; that is, St. Lotus. Chicago, Cincinnati, Balti-
more, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and Wash-
ington."
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
hees] thinks he makes a point in favor of Mr.
Brooks when he says that Mr. Brooks did not
vote on this question. Perhaps that is ac-
counted for by the fact that my colleague from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] called for the reading
of the rule forbidding members having an
interest in a question to vote, and that rule
was read and the construction of it.
Mr. PLATT. I ask the gentleman to have
the entire list of the yeas and nays read.
Mr. STEVENSON. If desired they may
be printed with my remarks, but it takes time
to read the yeas and nays, and I cannot afford
to lose the time.
Mr. Speaker, the next item to which I call
your attention is the report of the Secretary
of the Interior made in 1868, and I do so in
order to correct a statement made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] when he
says no officer of the Government ever called
attention to the manner in which this road was
being built. The Secretary of the Interior in
his report for November 30, 1868, on page
12, did call attention to the fraud which was
being perpetrated by a quotation from the
report of Mr. Williams, of Indiana, who had
examined the road as a commissioner for the
Government. He says:
" The actual cost to the contractors forming an as-
sociation which embraces most of the larger stock-
holders of the company is shown only by their pri-
vate books, to whicn the Government directors
have no access.
And he then gives estimates from the best
information he could get.
Mr. MAYNARD. What was the date of
that report ?
Mr. STEVENSON. November 30, 1868.
He estimates from the best information he
could obtain that they would make $17,750,000
on the contracts then being executed.
On the 20th March, 1868, a debate occurred
in this House upon a resolution of Mr. Wash-
burne to regulate the tariff of freights of this
company. In the Globe, volume sixty-six,
page 2029, it appears that Mr. C. C. Washburn,
of Wisconsin, made a speech on that question
which will be found in the Appendix to the
Globe, volume sixty-nine, on page 295. In
the course of that speech Mr. Washburne then
exposed this whole business, beginning with
the bill of 1864 and showing the frauds in
which it was initiated, showing the fraud per-
petrated by the company in deceiving the coun-
try as to the grade of the road, ana exposing
the operations of the Credit Mobilier by name,
charging that it was formed of the directors
and chief stockholders of the railroad com-
pany, and was committing a fraud on the Gov-
ernment, and that they would make enormous
profits by its operations.
It has been said that some gentlemen in-
volved say they did not hear that speech of Mr.
Washburne, but I find the following members
recorded as taking part in the proceedings of
that day: Messrs. Bingham, Boutwell, Wilson
of Iowa, Scofield, Garfield, Blaine, and
Mr. Dawes himself interrupting Mr. Wash-
burne in the course of his remarks, as appears
on page 300 of the Appendix. Mr. Elihu B.
Washburn also spoke on that question.
I am asked what Mr. Dawes said. Mr.
C. C. Washburne proposed to restrain the
Pacific railroad companies by limiting their
rates of freight. Mr. Dawes inquired: '' Why
not apply your rule to the New York Central
and Erie road?" I cite this merely to show
the presence of these gentlemen. This de-
bate made a sensation. It was not done in a
corner. It was known of men. The vote was
takeu on this question March 26, 1868, as
appears in volume sixty-seven, pages 2129
and 2130. Mr. Washburne, of Illiuois, moved
that there be a call of the House. That vote
is recorded on page 2129. The following gen-
tlemen were present and voted in the nega-
tive: Messrs. Allison, Ames, Bingham, Bout-
well, Dawes, Dodge, Hooper, Kelley, Sco-
field, and James F. Wilson. Mr. Blaine
and Mr. Garfield did not vote.
A motion was pending to refer the resolu-
tion to the Pacific Railroad Committee, and
on ordering the main question on this motion
the following gentlemen are recorded as vot-
ing in the affirmative, on page 230: Messrs.
Allison, Ames, Bingham, Boutwell, Dodge,
Hooper, Kelley, and James F. Wilson. Mr.
Washburne voted in the negative. Messrs.
Blaine and Garfield did not vote. Mr. Hol-
man called for the reading of the rule forbidding
members interested to vote. The question
recurred on the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad. On that I find
voting in the affirmative, Messrs. Ames, Bing-
ham, Boutwell, Dawes, Dodge, Hooper,
Kelley, and James F. Wilson; in the nega-
tive, Mr. Washburne and others; and among
those not voting, Messrs. Blaine, Brooks,
and Garfield. The motion prevailed.
By the Globe, volume seventy-one, pages463,
528, it appears that on the 19 th of January, 1869,
Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, made a speech
upon the bill relative to the Denver Pacific
railroad in which he went over again this
subject. And on the 22d January, 1869, my
colleague from Ohio [Mr. Van Trujip] made
a speech in which he developed with great
clearness and force the frauds charged against
this company. He stated the fact that the
road was being built by this Credit Mobilier
organization, and called attention to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior, to which
I have referred.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask a few moments
more to refer to a debate in the Senate, in
April, 1869, in which Mr. Stewart and Mr.
Nye exposed the Credit Mobilier byname and
in detail, as appears by the Globe, volume
seventy-four, pages 503, 505, 538.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I cannot yield
further to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I ask leave to
print the balance of my remarks.
Mr. CONGER. I object to printing any-
thing that is not delivered in the presence of
this House.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I now yield
fifteen minutes to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Whitthorne.1
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Mr. Speaker, no one
can underrate the importance and gravity pf
the question which now engages the attention
of this House. Its interest and importance
are felt by every member upon this floor.
When we Copae to regard our relations to our
fellow-members, those relations of feeling and
sympathy which belong to gentlemen who asso-
ciate on this floor; when our recollection goes
back to all our associations with them, to all
the pleasant ties that knit and bind men to-
gether, to all that can call for our sympathy
and regard, and particularly when we remem-
ber that that association here is with gentle-
men who have held high and important posi-
tions in the Government, whose character has
become part of the history of our country,
whose position as law-makers has made their
names and their reputations a part of t]ae
pride and of the glory of the country ; while
all this is calculated to enlist our sympathies
and our regard, and has a tendency to warp
our judgment, yet, sir, as Representatives of
the people, charged with a high trust, charged
with a high duty to the power that lies behind
ns, whose Representatives we are, whose prop-
erty and whose interest and whose name and
whose reputation are as well in our hands as
the character and reputation of these gentle-
men j and when we remember, Mr. Speaker,
