1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
Several indictments were found against, Long
for frauds. He was arrested, recognized with
sureties in the sum of $15,000 for his appear-
ance, and escaped. The necessary legal pro-
ceedings were had against the sureties. In one
case judgment was entered for $10,000) the
other cases were dismissed. Of this $10,000,
$9,790 43 were subsequently covered into the
Treasury, the balance of same being costs.
Under the law then in force the informer was
entitled to a moiety of the fines, &c., but the
questions relating thereto were to be adjudi-
cated in the courts on a qui tam action brought
by the informer. In the matter of this claimant
no such proceedings were had, and no claim
whatever was made until after this money was
covered into the Treasury. He alleged, and
satisfactorily proved, that he employed an
attorney to attend to his rights; that the
attorney neglected to do so until the time for
bringing the necessary action had passed. In
the opinion of the committee, both attorney
and client were negligent. It is admitted by
the Department that the services of Carr were
important and meritorious, and undoubtedly
the Government was saved from heavy losses
by this timely discovery of the frauds of Long.
Under this statement of facts, clearly the claim-
ant has no legal clai m against the United States,
but it is equally clear that he has an equitable
one. Then, for how much ? When the above
proceedings were had the law determined that
the informer was fairly entitled to a moiety.
Chapter one hundred and eighty-seven of
the Statutes-at-Large, volume fourteen, now
in force, has reduced the amount to one quar-
ter. It may then be assumed that Congress
deems one quarter an equitable sum to be
paid the informer. Inasmuch as the claimant
did not enforce his rights under the laws of
1863 the committee do not recommend the pay-
ment of the moiety therein provided for, but
do the payment of the one quarter provided
for by existing laws, and for that purpose
the enactment of the accompanying bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. If there is no
amendment to be offered, I move that the bill
be laid aside, to be reported to the House.
No amendment was offered; and the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
NORMAN WIARD.
The next bill on the private Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No- 334) for the relief of Nor-
man Wiard.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay Norman
Wiard, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated,the sum of $113,942 65,
provided the sum is received by him as in
full for all work and labor done, materials
furnished, and supplies, and for all damages
and loss sustained by breaches of coniractwith
and on the part of the United States during
the war and hitherto.
Mr. FRYE. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. WH1TTH0RNE. I would suggest this
amendment to the bill, that the following pro-
viso be added :
And he shall execute a release in writing to the
Government of the United States.
Mr. FRYE. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the bill
as amended was laid aside to bo reported to
the House.
CHARLES W. DENTON.
The next bill on the private Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 2901) for the relief of
Charles W. Denton, of Oregon.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, $5,000 to Charles W. Denton,
of Oregon, in full payment for the use and
occupation of his lands in Oregon, and injuries
thereto by the Indians, from 1854 to 1860.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Let the report
be read.
The report of the Committee of Claims was
read, as follows:
Your Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
Executive DocuuientNo. 96, forty-Second Congress,
second session,In relation to the claim of 0. W. Den-
ton for depredations committed by the Indians in
Oregon from 1854 to 1860, have considered the same,
examined with care the evidence and the law, and
find: that Charles W. Denton was the owner of cer-
tain lands near the Dalles, Oregon; that this land
was occupied by a large number of Indians, placed
there by the United States authorities, from 1854 to
1860, preventing him from using and occupying the
lands during the whole of that time, and causing the
destruction of large quantities of the timber growing
thereon, for which this claimant asks to be allowed
the sum of $25,000.
If this is to be regarded as a claim in the nature
of a depredation by Indians under the seventeenth
section of the law of June 30,1834, then it is clearly
barred by the limitation clause in said section, not
having been presented for adjustment within three
years; but we are of opinion that it ought not to be
so regarded.
It appears that the claimant, in 1853, became law-
fully the possessor of a tract of land, in Wasco
county, Oregon, upon which he settled; that ho
fenced and cultivated a part of tbesame, and was pre-
paring to makefurtherimprovements, when, in 1854,
a number of friendly Indianswere, in consequence of
the outbreak of Indian hostilities in Oregon occur-
ring at that time, brought by United States military
authorities and placed upon his land for the pur-
pose, as stated to the claimant by Colonel Wright,
commanding Fort Dallas, of having them where
they could be controlled; that these Indians occu-
pied all of his tillable ground, fenced and not
fenced j that they used and wasted his timber, and
that this condition of things continued from Sep-
tember, 1854, until the spring of 1860, whereby he
was prevented from cultivating the land and prose-
cuting a profitable business of market-gardening
and farming.
We submit that the settling of the Indians upon
claimant's property not being their own voluntary
act, and their continued occupation of the same
being by constraint, whatever injury may have re-
sulted therefrom to the claimant was not an Indian
depredation, but must be regarded as constituting
a case of use and waste by the Army forits own pur-
poses, just as much as if, instead of Indians, the
military authorities had placed cattle or horsesupon
the claimant's land. Nothing appears in evidence
to prove that any injury done the claimant resulted
from malice on the part of the Indians toward the
Government or toward theciaimant personally. We
are not, therefore, disposed to regard this case as
coming within the scope of the law referred to rela-
tive to depredations by Indians against citizens.^
We further concur in the opinion of the acting
Commissioner that the testimony adduced appears
to sustain tho statements of the claimant, tha^ his
property was occupied as hereinbefore recited, and
that he suffered appreciable loss thereby.
The losses of the claimant are of such a nature
that it is exceedingly difficult to determine their
extent. He claims $25,000, or 15,000 a year, and
several of the witnesses sustain fully this claim, but
we can hardly credit the opinion that he could have
realized any such sum from the occupancy of this
tract of land, and believe that $5,000 will compensate
him for the use of the same, and tor all injury done
to the timber. Such is the opinion of Hon. F. A.
Walker, Commissioner, from whom we have drawn
largely for this report.
We recommend the payment of said §5,000, and to
that end the enactment of the accompanying bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, i move that the
bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
HALF PAY OP CAPTAIX JOIIX DU'IS
The next bill, on the Private Calendar was
the bill (H. 11. No. 8011} to authorize the
payment of half pay to Captain John Davis,
a revolutionary officer.
The bill was read. It authorizes and re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Charles J. Davis, administrator of Captain
John Davis, a revolutionary officer, deceased,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, $24,816, being the amount of his
half pay from his muster out oi the service at
the close of the war, 1783, to the time of his
death, August 1, 1827, with interest at the rate
of six per cent, per annum on the installments
of pay so due up to the time of his death.
Mr. WALLACE. This bill is unanimously
reported by the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. WTLLARD. Let the report be read.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles J. Davis, ad-
ministrator, &c., of John Davis, late of Chester
county. State of Pennsylvania, have had the same
under consideration, and beg leave to report:
That they find, from the testimony before them,
that John Davis, dceea-sed, entered the revolution-
ary army in the year 1776, in the Pennsylvania line;
that on the 21st October, 1780, he was commis-
sioned as captain in the ninth regiment of said
Pennsylvania line, to date back and take rank from
the 15th of November, 1776; and that he continued
to serve in the capacity of captain in said ninth
regiment till the termination of the war.
These facts are established by the production of
his appointment as captain, by John Jay, President
of the Congress of the United States, of date the 21st
of October, 1780, and his qualification as such before
General Lord Sterling; trom a diary kept by him
during said service, mostof which is still in tolerable
preservation, in possession of his family; from gen-
eral reputation among his contemporaries and ac-
quaintances, and by his certificate of membership
in the Society of the Cincinnati, given by George
Washington, as president, and attested by II. Knox,
as the secretary.
That said John Davis died in the summer, say
lstof August,1827, in said Chester county, Pennsylva-
nia, where he had long resided, occupying high so-
cial relations and- holding important official posi-
tions up to the time of his death. He frequently, in
conversation with former brother officers, family,
and friends, alluded to the Government owing him
his half pay, none of which, or commutation in lieu
thereof, had been paid him. The proper Depart-
ment of the Government does not show that he re-
ceived any pay, or that his representatives or heirs
have since his death been paid anything on either
account. It does not appear that he made applica-
tion for payment; on the contrary, it is satisfac-
torily shown he made no application for payment
of any kiud during his life.
By the resolution of Congress of the 21st of Octo-
ber, 1870, (see Journal of Congress, volume six, p. 337;
Revolutionary Claims, p. 12,) it is provided that tho
officers who shall continue in the service to the end
of the war shall also be entitled to half pay during
life, to commence from the time of their reduction.
The resolution of Congress of date the 3d of June,
1784, (Journal of old Congress, volume four, p. 443,)
provides that all claims for services rendered the
Government, &c., shall bear interest at the rate of
six per cent, from the time they are due.
Under these resolutions the eonSmittee believethe
petitioner, for himself and on behalf of others, tho
heirs of John Davis, entitled to the half pay of a
captain from the termination of the revolutionary
war to the time of the death ofsaid John Davis, say
1st of August, 1827, with interest at six per cent, on
each yearly amount, from the time it became due up
to the time of his death, making the aggregate sum
of $34,816, in conformity with which thecommitteo
present tne accompanying bill a3 substitute for the
bill referred to the committee, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. WILLARD. I trust the committee
have paid attention to the reading of this bill
and the report accompanying it. As I un-
derstand the case, it is a bill to pay the heirs
of Captain John Davis $24,000, and it is based
upon the statement by the co'mmittee that
an amount would have been due to Captain
Davis, in his life time, as half pay, if he had
applied for it, which, with interest from that
time, would reach this sum of $24,000.
If the practice is to pay all these old revo-
lutionary claims when the heirs appear and
present their claims, very likely this should be
paid just as well as the others. But I have sup-
posed that, latterly at least, Congress had got
away from that practice. When the Treasury
was full, and it was difficult to find ways of
disposing of the surplus revenues of the coun-
try, it was customary, I believe, or it happened
at times, that these old claims were hunted up,
and were presented to Congress, and were
passed. But I suspect there arc very many
cases, in some respects similar to _ this one,
in which the ancestor in his life time, if he
had made application, would have been entitled
to receive pay, or compensation, or pension
from the United States. Bat those cases are
not now recognized as valid claims against
the Treasury when presented by the heirs. In
fact I do not see how it is that the heirs can
come in, in a case like this, and present very
strong'equities to Congress. The pay was a
recognition of the personal services of Cap-
tain Davis in this case, or of some soldier,
and if he chose during his life time to decline
to receive it at the hands of the Government—
in other words, to release the Treasury of
the United States from such claim—I am un-
able to see how his heirs can come in and
present that claim with any force or show of
equity or of right. It occurs to me that this bill
ought not to pass or to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WALLACE. I am very much pleased
to hear the remarks of the gentleman.
