1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
farther, that what we may do to-day is to affect
the integrity and permanency of our institu-
tions, and likewise the integrity and perma-
nency of our Government, I gay that we should
approach the consideration of this question
waiving all mere feelings of sympathy, as well
as all feelings of prejudice, and if we have
such they ought to be discarded.
At the threshold, sir, of our consideration
of this subject, is the question of jurisdiction.
Mr. Speaker, I am one of those who believe
that this House has the jurisdiction over the
person of every member of this House; and
that this House has jurisdiction over not only
the person, but over every particle of his con-
duct, now and in the past. But the serious
part of the question is, is it safe to exercise
that jurisdiction for past offenses? Is it safe
and proper to intrench upon the rights of the
great body of the electors by arraigning mem-
bers for offenses in the past ? In my judgment,
Mr. Speaker, it is not safe, it is not prudent,
it is not proper.
While I am ready to admit that in every
body there is and should be the inherent power
of purification, and while I know that that is
the object of the article of the Constitution
which gives the power of expulsion to this
body, yet, sir, looking at the great risk that
we may run, I think it the better, safer, and
more prudent rule or precedent not to exercise
jurisdiction over offenses that the verdict of
the people may have cured. But, sir, while
I hold that position, I am equally of the opin-
ion that for a continuance of the offense, an
offense that reaches over and beyond and
affects the character of the present representa-
tion, this House can exercise jurisdiction over
the member, or it can and may exercise this
jurisdiction in matters affecting his present
position, and which may have transpired during
the fact of his membership.
I need not amplify upon this point, or
give my reasons for the position I have stated.
But right here I pass to another point. Gen-
tlemen say that at the very threshold we are lim-
ited in our jurisdiction by the inquiry which
the committee was directed to make, and that
we are limited by the finding of that commit-
tee. I say especially to the members of my
profession in this House that we trifle with the
common sense of the country if we take such
a position as that. No, sir. This committee
has reported this volume of facts, and to this
volume of facts we look in exercising the
power of purification which this body has to
see how many and what members of this
House have been charged with and are guilty
of crimes and offenses against this body. So
believing I pass to the question of the guilt of
these parties under the facts which are before
us, which facts they know, and which facts
constitute " the indictment" against them.
It appears that, under this report but two
members of the House are directly arraigned,
to wit, Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks. In what
way is Mr. Ames implicated? Is there any
man on this floor who, upon the reading of
this volume of testimony, is not satisfied that
Oak.es Ames in his examination before the
committee trifled with the committee, trifled
with the House, trifled with his own^ oath,
trifled with his duty to the country? You see
that I do not inquire into his past offenses.
1 will not go beyond this book of testimony ; I
turn to his examination, and upon that 1 find
him guilty, and deeply, morally guilty.
My friend from Indiana [Sir. Voorhees]
has said that Mr. Ames has not committed
perjury. If he has not, if he has told ^the
truth, then tell me what becomes of Mr. Kei,-
ley and of Mr. Garfield ? Turn to this
record and you will find that he has damned
and stained Mr. Kelley and Mr. Garfield
more than any other men upon this floor.
Has Mr. Ames told the truth ? If he has, then
these men are likewise implicated. I cannot
6-iBpiity on this point. Ijook to th<? record.
The report of the committee also implicates
Mr. Brooks. I am disposed on the theory
of law and of our jurisdiction not to go into
an inquiry as to what was Mr. Brooks's con-
duct as a Government director of the Union
Pacific railroad in the purchase or transfer
of stock, accepting his statement, as I am
disposed to do; yet let me say this: he was
placed as a Government director to guard and
protect the interests of the people. He was
placed as a sentinel upon the outposts to guard
and proteet those interests. Then, sir, it was
his high, moral, and legal dnty to report to
the country anything that he saw affecting
those interests.
I am not here to define what the Credit Mo-
bilier is, except to state that it was an insti-
tution, an organization, an association to rob
and plunder the people. Mr. Brooks knew
that fact; Mr. Brooks bad that knowledge,
and he failed to inform the Government or the
people of the United States of it. He has not
done it down to this good hour and day.
Then, sir, for this failure of duty he is guilty
now; and if he is guilty, what shall we say of
Mr. Samuel Hooper? Turn to the record
and you will find this:
"The undersigned members of the Credit Mobilier
of America recommend the issue to the Hon. Oakes
Ames, trustee, of ninety-three shares of the capital
stock of the company at par."
This is signed, among others, by Mr. Sam-
uel Hooper & Co. Why did they sign that
agreement? To enable Oakes Ames to do
his work of corruption here. Samuel Hooper
was at the head of it, and Oakes Ames was
his agent in the work of corruption and bribery,
and yet the committee have not one word to say
as to Mr. Hooper. Here he sits to-day as a
member of Congress, knowing that an out-
rageous fraud, if not robbery, has been per-
petrated upon the public Treasury, and yet
he says nothing about it. If Mr. Brooks is
guilty is not Mr. Hooper guilty also? Is not
Mr. Garfield guilty? Is not Mr. Dawes
guilty? Is not Mr. Kelley guilty? Are not
others guilty? These men knew and must have
known that the Treasury of the United States
was being robbed by this association. Why
did not they tell of it? Why do they not tell
it to-day?
Look at this volume of testimony. Are
you satisfied you have all the facts here ? Is
any member of the Committee satisfied that
they have got the whole truth in the case?
They are not. They say as much in their
report. Then each and every one of these
gentlemen have failed in their duty. For
this dereliction of duty, and their couduct
before the committee, being present offenses,
we have jurisdiction over our members, and
if Mr. Brooks is guilty, then Mr. Hooper
and the others are guilty. Shall we pause
at one and make a compromise on this ques-
tion, or shall we go forward and do our whole
duty to the people?
Sir, as I said in the outset of my remarks,
we owe something more to the people than
a mere regard for our fellow-members; we
owe something to the power behind us: to
the people, to the integrity of the Govern-
ment, and to the purity of our institutions.
In the theory upon which they are built we
have discarded rank, blood, sefviee, and
built alone upon the virtue and integrity of
the people. Let us preserve that virtue. Let
us preserve that integrity.
Here, sir, in the highest legislative body
within the limits of the United States, shall
we, either by strained technicalities, or ontof
regard for members, by our conduct set an
example to the other legislative bodies of the
different Commonwealths of this nation that
will lead to the escape of the guilty, either
through our affection for them or from a
strained technical construction of the law? I
do not believe that such is my duty. And
taking the view that I have of the law and of
our jurisdiction, I shall support the report of
the committee so far as it goes; and I am also
ready to go farther, and render judgment so as
to include other parties who I think have
brought themselves by their conduct before
this committee, and on this floor, within what
I claim to be the jurisdiction of this House,
whether that shall be expulsion or censure.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I trust, Mr.
Speaker, that I will be pardoned for saying
that I never approached the discussion of any
question with more difficulty and with greater
reluctance in all my experience in public lite
than I do the one under consideration. I trust
I may never feel any pleasure in bearing a part
in anything which results only in scandal and
disgrace to somebody. It is the habit of my
life rather to apologize for the shortcomings
of others than to be unduly censorious.
Still, in the discharge of my duties as a
Representative of one of the constituencies
represented here, I have endeavored always
to avoid even the appearance of shrinking
from any duty that properly belonged to my
position.
In the discussion of the matters which are
embraced in the report of that select commit-
tee, and which are now under discussion, we
were met at the threshold with what to me was
a question of some embarrassment; that is, the
question of jurisdiction. While I agree that
there is no limit in one sense, except that of a
two-thirds vote, to the power of expulsion, I
have always understood it to be the duty of a
legislative body to exercise that power so far
as possible in accordance with precedent and
the rules of legal jurisprudence. In the ex-
amination of the question, I came to the
conclusion that it was after all a discretionary
power, to be exercised according to the rules
of common sense and common justice as each
particular emergency may arise, having always
a due regard to what our predecessors have
considered and done in similar cases and under
like circumstances.
I am not willing to agree, "however, that it
is proper for us in this House to go back be-
hind the election of any of its members m all
cases, or to expel any one for any and all
imaginary offenses that may have been com-
mitted before that time. I hold that when the
character of a Representative is known to a
constituency and objections to him are urged
publicly and in the hearing of all men, if that
constituency shall then choose to elect him, no
offense with which he may be charged may be
considered to have been passed upon by the
people of his district. Such a case as that
is different from the case of an offense com-
mitted previously and kept a secret until after
the person committed the offense shall have
secured an election and become a member of
this House. It is certainly our duty to avoid
doing anything to violate or infringe upon the
general right of a constituency to be repre-
sented by whomsoever they ehoose as most
agreeable to them.
My very careful and cautious examination
of this question has resulted in my agreeiag
that in the particular eases under consideration,
in view of the special circumstances surround-
ing them, in view of the fact that the offenses
alleged to have been committed in regard to
important legislation then pending before Con-
gress is still a great public question for us to
consider and to act upon, we may safely take
jurisdiction. I believe the offenses are so far
of a continuing character that we are justified
in considering them as committed against the
present House, and in derogation of its rights
and privileges, and that the men who have
thus offended are proper subjects for expulsion,
if we think the acts themselves justify that ex-
treme measure.
I need not illustrate, for I think a mere
statement of the proposition is sufficient for
my purpose. Taking this rather circumscribed
