862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. WILLARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to add tliat we have a law
now which provides that applications for pen-
sions on the part of soldiers for disabilities
incurred in the recent war shall be presented
within a certain time, or they shall not prevail,
and that all arrears in such eases shall be cut
off unless the application shall be presented
within five years. I had a letter yesterday
from a soldier who suffered at Andersonville,
and is drawing a pension, at last., for injuries
received in that way, and yet he gets no pen-
sion back of the year 1872, when his last testi-
mony was filed. Now, if we will not go back,
even in recent cases, to pay what seem very
just claims, how can we go back in cases like
this, to revolutionary times, and take money
out of the Treasury to give to heirs what the
ancestor declined to receive from the Gov-
ernment of the United States? Of course the
interest is all wrong, and I think the principal
is all wrong.
Mr. WALLACE. I was about to observe
that I was very much pleased to hear the re-
marks of the gentleman in regard to the jus-
tice of this claim. We have labored in this
matter earnestly and faithfully, and the com-
mittee have unanimously made this report.
The gentleman has said that because of the
fact this claim was not made in the lifetime of
Captain Davis, his heirs should not come up
now and claim that which the gentleman ad-
mits was justly due him. Sir, we have had the
use of the money, and the committee do not pro-
pose that interest shall be paid down to the
present time, but only to the death of Captain
Davis; and if the Government has had the use
of the money all that time, and now admits the
justice of the claim, there is no law against it.
But, sir, there are precedents without number
on the records of Congress for the payment
of just such claims.
This claim was examined aud adjudicated by
one of the members of the committee, my
honorable friend from Texas, [Mr. Hancock,]
who is better acquainted wit-h it than I am, and
I hope he will explain the nature of the claim.
Mr. HANCOCK. 1 have nothing to add
to what the chairman of the committee has
said further than that the claim is made up in
conformity with the legislation heretofore on
claims of this character, based on the resolu-
tion of 1793, I think, and continued in several
subsequent acts of Congress recognizing that
officers of the revolutionary army, where they
served during the war or for a certain length
of time, including the termination of the war,
were entitled to have pay of the grade they
occupied in the Army during the war. There
are ■numerous adjudications of this question,
that it is a debt due by the Government to
these parties, and the resolution of 1793 pro-
vided that when it was not paid the party
should be entitled to six per cent, interest
thereon.
The testimony as adduced in this case is of
the mostconclusive charactar, thattheancestor
of the applicants here was a captain in the
revolutionary war, from the commencement
of the war until its termination. The amount
proposed to be allowed by this bill is what he
would have been entitled to at the time of his
death. It was insisted that under the legisla-
tion of 1793 they were entitled to interest upon
the amount up to the present time. But the
committee concluded that after his death it
became somewhat in the nature of a chose in
action in the hands of the administrator, aud
that the Government was not rightfully charge-
able with interest after that time. Hence the
interest was calculated only up to the time of
the death of the ancestor of these claimants.
In reply to the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Wii.lard,] I will only remark that unless
the heirs of revolutionary soldiers are to be
considered proper subjects for compensation
there is no use in having a Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensionsand Claims, nor any reason
why such business should be brought before
this House in any form whatever, for probably,
without a single exception, there is no one but
l!eirs to claim these arrears. Now, as all the
adjudication I have been able, to find, and I
think all the precedents, sustain me in regard-
ing this as a just debt, I think it should be
allowed by the House.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. As I under-
stand the statement of this case, this person
was entitled to this pay for thirty or forty years
previous to his death. Why did he not claim
it? Is there any information before the com-
mittee on that point? And it is now thirty or
forty years since his death. Why have not the
heirs before presented their claim?
Mr. HANCOCK. All I can state about that
is, that it was represented to the committee
(though not embraced in the report) that Cap-
tain Davis was a man in easy circumstances.
And it is known historically that a great many
revolutionists never did ask for or receive
either their pay or a pension, believing that
they had accomplished sufficient by achieving
the independence of their country. That is
the only reason I know why Captain Davis did
not in his lifetime make application for this
amount; that he was in easy circumstances,
and did not need it.
Mr. WILLARD. The reason which the
gentleman gives last, as a reason why this bill
should pass, that if we cannot pass such bills
as this the committee may as well be abolished,
it seems to me is hardly a sufficient basis upon
which to rest this bill. Now, there is nothing
better settled by the action of the House for
years past than that the House will not pay
arrears of pensions even to the pensioner him
self. The House have voted over and over
again that they will not pay arreardof pensions
to the surviving soldiers of 1812, and even to
the soldiers of the recent war. Even where
the soldier himself, by reason of his easy cir
cumstances or for any other reason, has de-
ferred presenting his claim, and at last because
of poveity is induced thereafter to present it,
we say to him that he cannot have arrears
of pension. And it seems to me that it is very
proper under the circumstances to say in the
case of a pensioner, (and this is in the nature
of a pension,) "You shall take it from time to
time, as it is due'; or if you choose not to
take it from time to time as due, it shall be
treated as a release to the Government after
such time."
Here is a much stronger case. The ancestor
of these claimants never presented his claim,
although he survived the war for thirty years
or more, and was entitled to it, and could
have got it through the Department without
going to Congress for it. The heirs have not
presented the claim until some seventy, or
nearly eighty years after the claim accrued ;
yet we are asked to pay sucli a claim as this.
My friend from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
near me suggests that this House has repeat
edly refused to consider any excuse for not
having applied before, unless it was the fault
of some other person than the one who pre-
sents the excuse. Even where it was because
of the negligence of the attorney, they refuse
to consider the case. And there are no pre-
cedents to the contrary, except where occa-
sional bills have got through. And, as I have
already said, when there was an abundance
of money in the Treasury before the war,
occasionally in its generosity and liberality
Congress has voted some of these special
bounties and favors to the heirs of revolu-
tionary soldiers. But since then we have
adopted a vastly stricter rule even as to recent
wars; and certainly those rules ought to be
applied in all their strictness to these ancient
claims.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Michigan insist on his motion that the
bill be laid aside without final action ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALLACE. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House. After
the labor we have spent upon it, it ought not
to be laid aside without final action.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Michigan takes precedence.
The motion of Mr. Blair, of Michigan, was
agreed to.
ethan a. sawyers.
The next bill on the Private Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 2782) for the relief of
Ethan A. Sawyers.
The bill was read. It authorizes and re-
quires the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Ethan
A. Sawyers, $20,000, for services rendered as
seout, guide, and recruiting officer in the
United States Army, and for property taken
by the United States forces and appropriated
to their use.
The CHAIRMAN. This bill was reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, with an
amendment, which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out "twenty" and insert "fifteen;" so as
to make the amount of the appropriation, $15,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is ou
agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I wish to inquire
what committee reported this bill?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. They have cut down
the amount $5,000. The committee have pre-
pared a report which I would like to have read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The claimant. Ethan A. Sawyers, presents in the
record three different claims, to wit:
1. Claim for servioes during the greater part of the
war as guide, scout, and recruiting officer.
2. Claim for corn, wood, bacon, and horses, taken
by and appropriated to the uses of the Federal
Army.
3. Claim for services in penetrating the lines of
the enemy for more than one hundred miles, under
direction of Major General Burnside, and destroying
a bridge and telegraph wire, so as t.o cut off the com-
munication of the enemy and thereby save to the
forces under General Burnside a large amount of
rolling-stock.
Tbe very valuable services rendered by Mr. Saw-
yers as a guide, scout, and recruiting officer, during
along period of the rebellion, are fully sustained by
the evidence of Governor Vf. G. erowni.ow, officers
of the Army, and a number of loyal citizens of East
Tennessee.
Governorbrowslow,who hadpersonal knowledge
of these services, says that, "as a pilot, spy, and
scout, he proved himself a true friend to the Union
men of Tennessee, and a valuable aid to the Federal
Army." Officers of the Army testify that he " re-
cruited soldiers for the United States." and they
" bear testimony to his services to the Union cause
during the war, in assisting and recruiting for the
United States Army, from the beginning of the war,
and expending his money and time, and also as a
scout and guide for the Union Army."
It is also proved that his loyalty and unflinching
devotion to the Union made him a special mark of
enmity on the part of the rebels; that they destroyed
his property and seized his stock and torage, and
his life was constantly in danger. The amount of
corn, hay, oats, horses, and wood taken by the rebels
is proved by two witnesses, neighbors of claimant,
to he worth $12,000.
During the absence of the claimant from his home
in the service ot the Government, his corn, bacon,
and wood were taken and used by the Federal Army,
as is evidenced by the proof on file. Theamount of
property thus taken was worth $3,175.
The rule established by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral in the preparation of olaims requires that either
receipts or vouchers shall be produced, or the affi-
davit of the officer who took the "stores" shall be
filed by the claimant.
This rule Mr. Sawyers is unable to comply with,
as he was absent from his home, in the service of the
Government, when his property was thus taken, and
no receipt or voucher was left. He makes affidavit
himself, and proves by his loyal neighbors that his
property was taken and used.
Upon an examination of" the evidence in regard to
the services of claimant in destroying the railroad
communication of the enemy, the committee find
the following facts:
That in the month of August, 1863, General Burn-
side's command was at Mount Vernon, Kentucky,
on tbe march to east Tennessee; that General Burn-
side employed the claimant, Sawyers, to proceed to
the county of Jefferson, in east Tennessee, in ad-
vance of the Union forces, and to break up and
destroy the railroad and telegraph communication
ol the enemy between Bristol and Knoxville, the
latter place being in possession of the enemy.
The object was to secure to General Burnside's
army the cars and other rolling-stock on that road
held at Knoxville by the rebels, and to prevent them
from running off the rolling-stock to Virginia upon
the approach of the Federal Army.
