1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
as much for every member of it, no merely
partisan consideration has entered into our
delibertions. This is a question which i« out-
side of and beyond the raa^e and domain of
party politics. It is a question, sir, which not
only affects the integrity of this House, bat
which affects the honor of the Government
itself in all its Departments ; for without an
honest Congress, an honest Executive cannot
rescue us from the inevitable results which
must follow ; and when my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] appealed to gentlemen on
this side of the House in favor of a strict con-
struction of the Constitution, a strict construc-
tion of the powers of this House for the
expulsion of a member who has been found
guilty of practices which make it improper for
him to be longer a member of this House, I
felt that I could respond to him by saying
that I have less charity in some respects for
one of my own political friends who violates
the solemn obligations imposed upon him by
his official duties and by his official position
than for a political opponent. And why do I
gay so ? I say so for the reasons some of
which have been given by the gentleman from
Kentucky, and because we claim a strict con-
struction of the Constitution.
We hold that the powers which we exercise
here are not to be exercised for the aggran-
dizement of any individual or any selected set
of individuals but for the whole people alone
and for all the people alike so far as possible.
Being a part of the minority whose duty it has
been to expose everything that we saw amiss
in the party of power, we have been endeavor-
ing to inculcate honesty and economy upon
the public mind, and by implication also as a
matter of course to impress upon all the idea
that we are ourselves honestly in favor of a
strict adherence to the limitations imposed by
the Constitution of the United States as well
as the limitations imposed on us by honor and
by official position.
Therefore if I should ever be disposed to
exercise power in a doubtful case I should
certainly be as much inclined to exercise it
against a member of my own political party as
against the membersof any other party. But,
Mr. Speaker, as I have already said, this is a
question rising above all partisan considera-
tions, and I pray heaven that I may have
strength and intelligence enough to act upon
all great questions like this, apart from any
merely partisan or personal considerations.
I have been a party man much of my life, and
am yet so to some extent—but less so, I con-
fess, than I have been in former times, because
the events of the last few years have impressed
upon me the importance of all honest men try-
ing to get together in some way, for they find
enough of plunderers to make a party on the
other side. And, while I still acknowledge
the force of party obligations, I never before
in my life realized how impotent such influ-
ences are in times of a great crisis such as
those we have been passing through for the
last few years. Therefore I have endeavored
not only to act independently of all merely
partisan considerations, but I have endeav-
ered to act independently of all mere clamor
coming from whatever source it may.
These corporations not only have the power
to subsidize members of Congress, as these
proceedings have shown, but the power to
subsidize the press of the country so that it
shall raise a clamor whenever they choose to
do so, whether for good or for evil. They can
get up a clamor for or against this report
which we are now considering just as they
consider it their interest, to do. The indica-
tion to me is that this clamor from a portion
of the press of the country is in the interest
of those men who are reported for expulsion,
under the pretense that the committee has not
gone far enough, in the hope of breaking down
the report of the committee and raising a fog
of dust and confusion under which all may
escape. Let each case stand upon its own
strength and whatever may be its own merits
and I shall be content with the result.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BANKS next addressed the Honse.
of Massachusetts, took the
floor, and yielded to
Mr. HALE, who said; Mr. Speaker, I only
ask for a little time. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevekson] has alluded to the
Washburn resolution introduced in 1868,
which limited and restricted the privileges
of the Pacific railroad, and in treating that
subject referred with marked emphasis to the
votes of certain members in this House. So
far as that affects my colleague, [Mr. Blaine,]
the Speaker of this House I desire the record
shall be before the House and before the
country, and I ask the Clerk to read the
abstract of the Washburn resolution as it is
found in the Globe of the year 1868, whieh I
send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
" It proposes to constitute the Secretary of War,
the Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney
General of the United States a board of commis-
sioners, whose duty it shalt foe on the first day of
July in each year to establish a tariff for freight
and passengers over the Union Pacific and the Cen-
tral Pacifio railroads and their branches, which
tariff shall be equitable and just, and not exceeding
double the average rates charged on the different
lines of railroad between the Mississippi river and
the Atlantic ocean in latitudes north of St. Louis,
Missouri; and that it shall not be lawful for said
railroad companies to charge any sum in excess of
the rate so fixed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, that resolution
was introduced by Mr. Washburn, of Wiscon-
sin, on the 26th day of January, 1868, on a
Monday, under the second call. Objection
was made that Mr. Washburn had already in-
troduced one resolution under that call, and
his resolution went out on the point of order.
But immediately afterwards he induced Mr.
Windom, of Minnesota, to offer the same res-
olution in terms, and the previous question
was moved. On seconding the demand, the
vote being taken by tellers, was ayes 51, noes
63 ; there being no record of course of the
names on a vote by tellers, and so the subject
went over that day.
It came up again on the 12th of March, 1868,
and a motion was at once made to lay the
resolution on the table. IJpon that the yeas
and nays were ordered, and upon that record
I find my colleague, [Mr. Blaine,] then as
now a member from Maine, voting "nay,"
with both of the Washburns, the mover of
the resolution, and Mr. E. B. Washburne,
the known and unrelenting foe of all monopo-
lies. Upon that occasion I may say, without
going into the record of members at length,
that I find th e gentleman from Vermont, the
chairman of the committee now reporting,
voting "yea," while the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] who has just taken
his seat, is recorded as not voting at all on the
motion to lay the resolution on the table.
The resolution came up again on the 26th
March, 1868, and upon two votes, one being
on ordering the main question and the other
upon whether it should be referred to the
Pacific Railroad Committee, where it would
naturally go, as it had not been discussed in
the House. As not a word had been said
about it, I do not find recorded the vote of
Mr. Blaine, he not being present. It was
then and there referred to its proper com-
mittee. that on the Pacific Railroad, and on
May 12, 1868 that committee reported to
the House, and the question arose upon the
passage of the resolution as reported by the
committee. Upon that question a motion was
made in delay, to recommit to the committee,
and .again the yeas and nays were ordered
and a record was again made. The yeas
were 65, the nays 69, and on the question of
recommittal, I find that my colleague, Mr.
Blaine, then voted against recommittal, and
that Mr. Washbnrne, of Illinois, who had jeal-
ously watched the resolution from its first, re-
ception, voted "nay," and the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Polakd,] as before, voted on
the other side, and the gentleman from. Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bakes] was not present ©r
did not vote.
Mr. E. B. Washbarne, was so much inter-
ested in the passage of that resolution, which
immediately followed upon the defeat of the
motion to recommit, that he himself at once
moved a reconsideration, and the laying
on the table of the motion to reconsider, in
order to clinch the action of the House,
and secure its becoming the law of the land,
so far as this House was concerned. In all
this my colleague was found acting with Mr.
Washburne, and in what better company he
could have acted on such votes I do not know.
And if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Steven-
son] finds anything in this record either of
fear of or favor for the Pacific railroad he has
a much deeper penetration than I have.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move the
House take a recess until half past seven.
Mr. STEVENSON. If toe gentleman will
allow me, I wish to say that the record I quoted
as to the votes of members is different from
that quoted by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] as I included that of December
17, 1867, and he adds that of May 12, 1868.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I insist
on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.  
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House at half
past seven o'clock p. m. resumed its session.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2264) to authorize the
Cattaraugus and Allegany Indians in New York
to lease lands and confirm leases ;
An act (H. R. No. 3452) to provide for the
better care and protection of subsistence sup-
plies ;
An act (H. R. No. 4050) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of steamer New England to City of Port-
land ;
An act (H. R. No. 3970) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of
War to release twenty-five acres of the lands
of the United States at Plattsburg, New
York, to the New York and Canada Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," passed
, June 8, 1872;
| An act (H. R. No. 3794) to sell a vacated
| soldiers' burial-ground near Cumberland, Ma-
; ryland, to the Hebrew congregation of that
' city, to enlarge their grave-yard;
An act (H. R. No. 1963) for the relief of
] B. P. Speedy, late first lieutenant second bat-
1 talion six months' Pennsylvania volunteers ;
! An act (S. No. 1602) to provide for the
j expenses of the investigation of the recent
I senatorial election in Kansas ;
j An act (S. No. 686) for the relief of Horace
j Tyler; and
, An act (S. No. 530) to provide for the dis-
| position of that portion of the military reserva-
j tion at Fort Ripley, Minnesota, which lies east
, of the Mississippi river.
1 message from the senate.
! A message was received from the Senate, by
| Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
| House that the Senate had passed House bills
' of the following titles, without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 2104) for the relief of
Addison Goodell, of Illinois;
