1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
868
Mr. Sawyers was directed to go to a bridge near
New Market and to destroy it at a given hour of the
night, lie proceeded upon his journey at great per-
sonal peril, and it is in proof that if he had Seen
captured he would have been hung. He went, through
the linesof theenemy atthedesignatedhour, burned
a bridge on the railroad, and destroyed the telegraph
wire, and thereby prevented the enemy from run-
ningoffinto Virginia five locomotives, alargeamount
of rolliniT-stock, as well as a large amount of ma-
chinery^ supplies, <fco., which were thereby saved to
the army of General Burnside, and which, he says,
"secured the use and occupation of the road through
East Tennessee at a time when the same was a mat-
ter of vital importance." General Burnside further
says that he recommends "the claim of Mr. Saw-
yers, not to the generosity only, but to the justice
of the nation."
Governor BEOWNLOWsays that the work of Mr.
Sawyers " resulted in saving the rolling-stoek of the
road to the Federal troops, thereby enabling them
to continue the occupation of East Tennessee."
These statements are also sustained by other offi-
cers of the Army, who state that if it had not beeii
"for the use of the railroads and rolling-stock, it
would have been impossible to have supplied the
Army, and great want and suffering wo^ld have en-
sued."
It will be remembered that the enemy occupied
the whole of East Tennessee, and that General Burn-
side's approach was eagerly watched. It is also true
that it was a matter of vital importance to General
Burnside to secure, if possible, the ears, locomotives,
and other rolling-stock, in possession of the enemy
at Knoxville, as without them, even if he should oc-
cupy East Tennessee, it would have been almost im-
possible to supply his army.
The claimant undertook a long and perilous jour-
ney, penetrating the lines of the enemy for more
than a hundred miles, and says he was compelled to
goon foot, and in the night time, and through the
woods to avoid capture, lie accomplished the work
assigned him, and.secured the rolling-stock to our
Army, which afterward became the property of the
Government.
It is difficult to estimate the value of Mr. Sawyers's
services. They cannot be estimated by the time re-
quired to perform the work. His life was in con-
stant perij.
On the 5th day of September, 1865, General Burn-
side ordered the chief quartermaster army of the
Ohio to pay Mr. Sawyers$2.000, andadds: "Captain
Morris will pay this from quartermaster's funds in
his possession. The service was absolutely necessary,
and worth ten times the cost."
Mr. Sawyers declares that he paid outs>l,800of
this sum for assistance and necessary expenses.
Mr. Sawyers enjoyed the entireconfidence of Gov-
ernor Bkowxlow, and of Generals Burnside and
Custer, and other officers of the Army, and the com-
mittee feel bound to give his statement credit.
The committee, therefore, in consideration of ex-
traordinary services rendered by him at great peril,
and the great advantages that resulted to the Army
and to the Government, and for his services as re-
cruiting officer, guide, and scout, and for property
taken and used by the Federal Army, (aside from
the large amount taken by the rebel army because
of his devotion to the Union cause,) recommend that
Mr. Sawyers be paid for his property used by the
Army, and for all of his services aforesaid, the sum
of $15,000.
Mr. KERB. For the purpose of saying
what I wish, to say upon this bill, I move to
amend the amendment so as to reduce the
amount to $3,000. I do not make this motion
because I am in favor of paying this man
$3,000, or even three cents. 1 think that
this claim ought not to be paid at ail ; that
there is no merit in it; that it has no legal
or equitable basis which this Government can
safely recognize. However meritorious this
man may have been in all his individual rela-
tions to the Government, the payment of this
claim would open a door which would admit
an almost innumerable class of cases.
It is alleged that this man was a scout, and
in his service as such was very faithful. But
this, as every military gentleman on the floor
will bear testimony, is true of thousands and
hundreds of thousands of our soldiers during
the late war.
It is also alleged that Sawyers was a recruit-
ing officer, and in that capacity rendered
specially meritorious service. That is true
also of hundreds of thousands of other men
who rendered suck service with a full knowl-
edge of their duties to the country and their
relations to the service, but who did it without
expectation of special compensation or reward.
They received currently the compensation al-
lowed by law. They were entitled to have it
and nothing more, except what is always of
inestimable value to every soldier, the appro-
bation of his superior officers and of his
country.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. The gen-
tleman will allow me to correct a misapprehen- '
sion. He seems to suppose that Mr. Sawyers
was a soldier, when in point of fact he never
belonged to the Army at all. All his services
were rendered "as a citizen, not as a soldier.
Mr. KERR. His case is still weaker if, as
stated by the gentleman from Mississippi, he
never was a soldier, but rendered service
simply in his private capacity as a citizen in
civil life. But whatever he did in that or any
other relation, this record shows he was well
paid for it. He received $2,000 out of tlie
Treasury of the United States. That is much
more money than any soldier regularly mus-
tered in received for any required services
either as a scout or as a recruiting officer, or
m any other way.
Now, it is not worth while to come and tell
us that because this man says he paid out
$1,800 of that $2,000 in some mysterious and
unexplained way, therefore we shall now pay
him $15,000. 1 do not accept as proven here
the allegation of this report that he expended
one dollar of that $2,000 for the country. If
he expended $1,800 it is not unreasonable for
me to assume he could easily have shown how
he spent it. He could have produced reason-
able and easily attainable vouchers for what
he spent. He could have made it apparent
in some more regular and conclusive way than
he has that he expended something in the
interest of the country out of that $2,000.
Now, suppose I do admit he did receive but
$2,000, and he did do the service it is alleged
he did, and that he expended $1,800 of that
$2,000, yet how true it must appear, how
apparent it is to every gentleman in this
House, that like services equally meritorious,
differing no doubt somewhat in degree, were
rendered by hundreds of thousands of men in
all relations of private life in the military
service and in civil duty during the late war.
Brave men who went into the Army, who vol-
unteered, and thus not only agreed to render
such service for their" country as they could,
but agreed to do it under the arbitrary and
despotic order of military law; men who put
themselves as it were in the harness of the
Army, who were compelled at all times to
hold themselves subject to the orders of their
superiors and at all times to take their lives
in their hands and do battle for their country—
those men did all that service for the pitiful
sum of thirteen dollars per month, and during
many years of seivice they did not receive as
much as this man did for a few days.
Now, I am not willing by a single prece-
dent.—and I place all my objections to this bill
on precedent alone, for I do not know this
man, and he may be one of the very best men
in the world, or be may be one of the very
worst; and I say with profound respect for
the committee that I do not believe he is one
of the best in the world from reading the re-
port ; but I make-no reflection on tliem as to
the perfect integrity of their report of the facts
and conclusions they have presented to tbe
House—I mean only to say that I am not
willing, by any precedent, to open such a door
as this bill will open if we pass it. That is all
the point I make, and I base it on the reasons
I have stated ; and I think it becomes us to
pause before we suffer to pass a bill like this,
even for the small sum of $15,000. It is not a
great sum, butit would be a great sum to any
one of the poor soldiers of the nation, and the
country is full of them in all sections, who
were maimed, who were wounded, whose
health was impaired and _ destroyed to the
men who were placed, as it were, in the list
of paupers of the country by their services in
the late war. .
It is alleged now in this report, this man has
been made poor, poor in part in consequence
of the service he rendered, and of the hostil-
ity of the rebels of the South against him be-
cause of that service. Who is not willing to
admit and bear testimony here that all through
the South there are men good and true, loyal
and faithful men, men whose hearts and hopes
and aspirations were given to their country as
much as this man's were, who were made pau-
pers in consequence of their devotion to the
Union, and in consequence of their willing-
ness to stand by the flag, and to render to it
such service a? they could? In truth, Mr.
Chairman, I say I cannot find in this report
one single argument in favor of the allowance
of this claim, which seems to me to be merit-
orious and tenable. Meritorious, I mean, in
the eyes of that general law and justice which
ought to control all of our action here. I
therefore oppose the enactment of this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I am very
much obliged to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] for his tribute paid to the patriotic
citizens of our section of the country, with
all the eloquence which usually characterizes
that gentleman. But I was very much sur-
prised to hear him say that he could find
nothing in that report that could justify the
payment of a single dollar or a single cent.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to be the rule here,
and I am sorry to say it, that when a case of
this character comes up for the payment of a
meritorious patriotic citizen who gave' his all
to his country, a tribute to his patriotism is con-
sidered sufficient, although his family should
be left in beggary. What are the facts of this
case? This man was no soldier. General
Burnside wanted to come to Bast Tennessee
and occupy that country, that loyal country,
as loyal, sir, as any thirty counties in any State
of this Union, which had as many Federal
soldiers in proportion to population as any
thirty counties in this Union. General Burn-
side employed this man, a citizen of my district,
to go in advance of his army and destroy the
bridges upon the East Tennessee and Virginia
railroad, so as to save the rolling-stock, and
thus facilitate the feeding and sustenance of the
army while there.
Why sir, tbe very rolling-stock which he
saved the Government, the GovernmentSeized
and sold to our railroad company for $200,-
000, and it has the obligation of the railroad
company for that amount now; and we have,
been carrying the mails upon that debt ever
since the property was seized. I say that the
very property which this man saved by burn-
ing the bridges and preventing the rebels
coming over, was sold to our railroad company
for $200,000. Mr. Sawyers was a rich man in
our county before the war, and every vestige
of his property, except a little plantation he
lived upon, went in the defense of his country.
When it was made known that he had saved
this rolling-stoek for General Burnside, the
rebels went en masse to his plantation and took
every vestige that was left of his property in
order to retaliate for his services to the Gov-
ernment.
Sawyers says he paid out $1,800 of this
amount. The gentleman from Indiana asks,
" Where are the vouchers?" Why, sir, any
man who knows Ethan A. Sawyers has in that
knowledge a voucher sufficient. I venture to
say if the gentleman from Indiana knew him
as he is, and as he is known to the people of
East Tennessee, he would accept his statement
as good for anything.
This claim has been here for several years.
Every committee that has ever investigated
it, in either branch, have reported favorably
on it. I believe it has passed the Senate
oftener than once, and failed from lack of
time to investigate the case in the House.
As to the $3,000 and over of property fur-
nished tbe Federal Government, the proof
is on record in the office of the commissary
general for commissary stores and supplies,
let the gentleman from Indiana says there is
nothing in the report to justify the payment
of a single dollar or a single cent. If, sir,
such claims are not to be paid, if an East
Tennessee Union man cannot get pay on a
claim of this character, I say that no claims
at all should be paid. Let them be at once
