1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
An act (H. E. No. 2771) for the relief of
Isabella Orange; and
An act (H. R. No. 488) to carry into effect
the provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, signed in the city of
Washington the 8th day of May, 1871, relating
to fisheries.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a House bill of the follow-
ing title; with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the cencurrence of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 2909) for the relief of
Joseph L. Haywood and others.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (S. No. 1223) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870;
An act (S. No. 1305) for the extension of
the time to the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad
Company for the completion of its roads ;
An act (S. No. 1321) for the relief of Ben-
jamin H. Campbell, marshal of the United
States for the northern district of Illinois ;
An act (8. No. 1566) for the relief of Mar-
cus Otterbourg, late consul of the United
States at the city of Mexico, and minister to
the republic of Mexico; and
An act (S. No. 1645) to provide for the ex-
pense of the investigation of alleged frauds
in the recent senatorial election in Kansas.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendment of
the House to an act (S. No. 1208) for the
creation of a court for the adjudication and
disposition of certain moneys received into
the Treasury under an award made by the
tribunal constituted by virtue of the first
article of the treaty concluded at Washington
the 8th of May, A. D. 1871, between the
United States of America and the queen of
Great Britain, and that he was directed to
ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses; and that the Senate had
appointed Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Carpenter, and
Mr. Thurman the managers of such conference
on the part of the Senate.
GENEVA AWARD.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take up
the message from the Senate in reference to
the Geneva award, and agree to the conference
asked for on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
Mr. POTTER. I object.
REPORT ON THE DARIEN EXPEDITION.
Mr. PENDLETON, from a committee of
conference, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to the concurrent resolution for the printing
of additional copies of the report of the JDarien sur-
veying expedition, having met, after full n.nd free
eon ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate reeodo from its disagreement to
the House amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment:
Strike out all after tho words "quarto form " and
insert the following:
Six thousand additional copies of the report and
accompanying maps ot the Darien surveying expe-
dition, of which seventeen hundred and fifty oopies
shall be for the use of the Senate, thirty-five hun-
dred for the use of the House, and seven hundred
and fifty for the use of the Secretary of the Navy.
J. M. PENDLETON,
W. P. PRICE.
GLENNI W. SCOFIELD,
Managers on the part of the House.
H. E. ANTHONY,
T. 0. HOWE,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
■was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
On motion of Mr. ARTHUR, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 1597) to change and
fix the time of holding the spring term of the
United States circuit and district courts in the
cities of Covington and Paducah, in the State
of Kentucky, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, ordered to
a third reading, and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ARTHUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAT OF EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HOLMAN. At the instance of the
Committee on Accounts, I offer the following
resolution :
Itesolved, That the Clerk be, and is hereby directed
to pay from the contingent fund to William Henry
Hall, Jeremiah Smith, James Jackson, John
Douglass, and William Jones, compensation as
laborers for the time they have served and shall
serve during the present session.
Mr. M AYNARD. What is to be done with
that resolution ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask its passage.
Mr. BUFFINTON. It is to pay some of
the colored boys in the cloak-rooms.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORT OF ENTRY AT SAN DIEGO.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce the
bill (H. R. No. 1907) to make San Diego, in
the State of California, a port of entry.
Mr. HOLMAN. Where does this bill come
from ?
Mr. CONGER. It is reported from the
Committee on Commerce, and has the recom-
mendation of the Treasury Department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR, P0KT OF CHESTER, PENNSYLVANIA.
On motion of Mr. TOWNSEND, of Penn-
sylvania, the bill (H. R. No. 446) to abolish
the office of surveyor at the port of Chester,
in Pennsylvania, and for other purposes, re-
turned from the Senate with amendments, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were read, and concurred
in, as follows:
In line five strike out " a deputy collector" and
insert in lieu thereof " an inspector."
In like six strike out " or a resident inspector of
customs.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in ; and
also moved that .the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANK M. ASHTON.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, the bill (H.
R. No. 2873) authorizing the President to
permit Frank M. Ashton, late a second assist-
ant engineer of the Navy of the United States,
to withdraw his resignation of that office, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were read, and concurred
in, as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
that the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint Frank M. Ashton a second assistant
engineer in tho United iSt-ites Navy, subjeot to the
usual examination.
Amend the title so as to read:
An act authorizing the President to appoint Frank
M. Ashton a second assistant engineer in the Navy
of the United States.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINING DEVELOPMENT.
On motion of Mr. SARGENT, by unan-
imous consent, the bill (S. No. 1482) to
amend an act entitled "An act to promote the
development of the mining resources of the
United States," was taken from the Speaker's
table and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
The bill was read. It provides that the
provisions of the fifth section of the act enti-
tled "An act to promote the development of
the mining resources of the United States,"
passed May 10, 1872, which required expend-
itures of labor and improvements on the
claims located prior to the passage of the said
act, be so amended that the time for the first
annual expenditure on claims located prior to
the passage of the said act shall be extended
to the 10th of June, 1874.
Mr. SARGENT. This simply postpones
certain rigorous requirements of the law for
one year, and all the Delegates from the Terri-
t ories request its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this bill been referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining?
Mr. WALDRON. The Committee on Mines
and Mining considered this bill and are unani-
mously in favor of it.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House will now proceed to con-
sider and act upon the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 3737,
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1874. The Committee on Appropria-
tions recommend that the House concur in
the amendments of the Senate. The only sub-
stantial amendment made by the Senate is
one authorizing the Speaker of the present
House of Representatives to appoint, as mem-
bers of the Board of Visitors at the next an-
nual examination to be held at the Military
Academy at West Point, three members of
the House of Representatives of the Forty-
Third Congress, whose credentials in due form
of law have been filed with the Clerk of the
House of Representatives in accordance witk
the act of Congress approved March 3, 1863.
No objection was made, and the Senate
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House concurred in the
amendments of the Senate ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CREDIT MOBILIER.
Mr. VANTRUMP. I must now insist upon
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now resume the
consideration of the report of the select Com-
mittee on the Credit Mobilier Company. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Btttler]
is entitled to the floor for tfhe hour.
Mr. HANKS. With the consent of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
I will move that the rules be suspended so as
to admit to the floor of the House, in rear of
the seats of members, those ladies now in the
corridors who have been unable to obtain seats
in the galleries.
Mr. RANDALL. I would not object to
that, provided I could be informed whether
amendments were to be offered to-night to
this report and considered and acted upon.
