1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
maintain that if the Government be just, if it
would pay its honest debts, it ought to pay
him for that service.
Sir, you and I [Mr. Maynard in the chair]
are Representatives from a State where two
classes of citizens are known to the law. I
want to say, standing here as a Representative
of the people of Tennessee, that I have seen
no set of men who have received less sympa-
thy or less encouragement than the loyal citi-
zens of Tennessee. They are met with a cold
frown from men at whose hands they should
expect a better fate. I knew these men, sir,
not perhaps as you knew them, but I know
that they passed through a fiery ordeal to at-
test their devotion to their country and their
flag. I know how much they lost—more, pos-
sibly, than any other gentleman on this floor
can tell. Their loyalty and devotion to a Gov-
ernment that exacted and received their alle-
giance should meet with a just, if not a gener-
ous, return. Representing as I do the loyal
people of Tennessee, I believe it to be my duty
to see that this class of men receive full justice
at the hands of their Representatives.
Viewing this case in that spirit, I feel that I
am not here to look at the items of this
account. I know that this man is the repre-
sentative of a class with which I am familiar.
I do not know Mr. Sawyers ; I do not know
the merits of his particular claim, except as
they have been presented by this committee ;
but I know him as a representative of a class
of men who are constantly knocking at the
doors of the Government for justice. Taking
his claim as the forerunner of other cases of
the same kind, I conceive it to be my duty to
stand by him as the representative of that
class.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Kerb to amend the amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs by striking out
"$15,000" and inserting "$3,175,"
The CHAIRMAN declared that the noes
appeared to prevail.
Mr. KERR. I call for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will appoint
tellers at once.
Mr. Harris, of Mississippi, and Mr. Kerr
were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes forty, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move an amendment to fix
the amount at $5,000.
The question being taken on Mr. Kerr's
amendment, there were—ayes 54, noes 57 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Harris, of
Mississippi, and Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes CO.
So Mr. Kerr's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
committee now rise.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report to the House the several
bills which have been acted on.
The motion of Mr. Buckley was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. May-
nard reported thattheCommittee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar had directed him to
report sundry bills without amendment, and
other bills with amendments.
Mr. ELDRBDGE. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. If that motion
prevail, what will become of these bills?
The SPEAKER. . They will go over as un-
finished business unless disposed of now.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Eijdredge that the House adjourn, there
were—ayes forty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I- call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion t,o adjourn was not agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of bills reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar.
charles f. care.
The first bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 2899) for the relief of Charles
F. Carr.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
norman wiard.
The next bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Norman
Wiard.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles w. design.
The SPEAKER. The next bill reported
from the Committee of the Whole House, with
the recommendation that it do pass, is a bill
(H. R. No. 2901) for the relief of Charles W.
Denton, of Oregon.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ethan a. sawyers.
The SPEAKER. A bill (H. R. No. 2732)
for the relief of Ethan A. Sawyers is reported
back with an amendment to reduce the appro-
priation from $15,000 to $5,000.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
02, noes 57.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not, ordered.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john b. emerson.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Patents, submitted a report
to accompany Senate bill No. 188. for the re-
lief of John B. Emerson ; which was ordered
to be printed and recommitted, not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
. black-bxiav&k. , .... .
Mr. DONNAN. I ask unanimous consent
to take up and consider in the House the next'
bill on the Private Calendar, for the relief Of
Black Beaver. ...
Objection was made.
On motion of Mr. BECK,.of Kentucky, (at
four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc. '
The following petitions, &e., were presented-
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Barton
R. Baker, late second lieutenant,, company 'B,
third regiment Tennessee volunteer infantry,
for arrears of pension.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial, of
J. R. Slocum and 28 others, sea captains, sail-
ing from different ports in the United States,
praying that the shipping commissioners, act
passed in 1872 may be so modified and amended
as to permit them to ship their own crews
from boarding masters or their agents without
violation of law or liability to be interrupted
in their business by any shipping commis-
sioner in consequence of said act.
By Mr. COBURN: The memorial ofcitizens
of Indianapolis, Indiana, praying the improve-
ment of the harbor at Toledo, Ohio.
By Mr. CONGER: The memorial of John
Prindiville, esq., and 43 others, of Chicago,
Illinois, asking an appropriation to deepen the
west channel of the Detroit river.
Also, the memorial of J. C. Nyman and 45
others, of Raeiue, Wisconsin, and J. R. Slaw-
son and 36 others, Raeine, Wisconsin; also
the memorial of N. M. Egan and 81 others, of
Chicago, Illinois.
Also, the memorial of Frederick M. Sumner
and others, of Detroit, Michigan, in regard to
the French indemnity claim.
By Mr. COTTON : The petition of Mrs.
Clarissa Gates, mother of David Gates, de-
ceased, late a private in company H, sixteenth
regiment Iowa infantry volunteers, praying
relief.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of Hannah B. Eaton, of Kingsville, Ohio,
foster mother of Charles Eaton, private second
battalion Ohio light artillery, for a pension.
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois: The peti-
tion of citizens of Quincy, Illinois, praying an
appropriation for the improvement of the
entrance to Toledo harbor.
By Mr. MANSON : The petition of J. W.
McTaggert, B. S. Wheeler, I. P. Ross, George
Steller, H. P. Demming, and others, citizens
of Warren county, Indiana, praying that a
post route be established by Congress' from
Williamsport, Indiana, to Rossville, Illinois.
By Mr. L. MYERS : The petition of Louisa
R. Ketch um, widow of William F. Ketchum,
for the extension of letters-patent for improve-
ments in grass and frrain harvesters.
By Mr. ORR: The petition and remon-
strances of citizens of Iowa against the exten-
sion of time for the the completion of the
McGregor and Sioux City railroad.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Louis
Rif'enburgh, private company I, seventy-sixth
New York infantry, for invalid pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 27, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J, P. New-
man, D. D.
The Hon. Frakcis P. Blair, a Senator
from the State of Missouri, appeared In his
seat to-day.
On motion of Mr. COLE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of Friday last was dispensed with.
cattaraugus and alleghany indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT Liid before the
Senate the message of the House of Represent-
