868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
stives announcing its action on the amend-
merits of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2264)
to. authorize the Cattaraugus and Alleghany
Indians in New York to lease lauds and con-
firm leases, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives.
On'motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Messrs. Harlan, Buckingham, and Fentos
were appointed.
credentials'.
Mr. SCOTT presented the credentials of
Hon. Simon Cameron, chosen by the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania a Senator from that State
for the term beginning March 4, 1873 ; which
were read and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of West Virginia, ask-
ing Congress to favor the passage of a bill to
resell the water privileges at Harper's Ferry;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of the
Boston Board of Trade, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill repealing the bankrupt
law recently passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, as disastrous to the business inter-
ests of the country; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented resolutions of the New
England Shoe and Leather Association, signed
by its president and secretary, representing a
branch of industry whose annual sales exceed
$200,000,000, remonstrating against the repeal
of the bankrupt law; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, late soldiers in the Army, praying
the passage of the bounty laud bill passed by
the Bouse of Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
Frederick M. Sumner and others, praying in-
demnity for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Buffalo, New York, praying for the improve-
ment of the Detroit river at the head of Lake
Brie; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio; a petition of citizens of
Racine, Wisconsin; a petition of citizens of
Chicago, Illinois; and a petition of citizens
of Buffalo, New York, in favor of appropria-
tions for the improvement of lake navigation
and the removal of obstructions from certain
channels and harbors ; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
merchants of Allentown, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the removal of taxes on State and
national banking institutions ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Mrs.
Eliza T. Phillips, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a petition of the Golden
Rule Lodge of Bristol, Pennsylvania, signed
by its officers, asking for a commission of in-
quiry concerning the traffic in intoxicating
liquors, and restrictive and prohibitory legis-
lation tor the suppression of intemperance ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented the
petition of Richard Hudson, of Michigan,
praying for a pension ;< which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying that a mail route
be established between Yellow Medicine and
Lacqui Parle, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Charles E. Mix, praying compensation for
services while acting Commissioner of Indian
Affairs; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
_ Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying the passage of the
soldiers' bounty land bill; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, late soldiers of the United
States Army, praying the passage of the sol-
diers' bounty land bill; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, late soldiers of the' Army, pray-
ing the passage of the soldiers' bounty land
bill, known as tlie Hoi in an amendment, re-
cently passed by the House of Representatives;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of George
M. Book, lieutenant' United' States Navy, pray-
ing to be restored to the active list of the Navy;
which wSs referred to the' Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING presented a statement
from banks in the city of New York, justifying
the movement for the removal of bank taxes;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of merchants
of New York, praying the enactment of a law
to facilitate the discharge of cargoes of West
India green fruit; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
L. Scranton and others, of Rochester, New
York, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United^ States, praying that invalid pen-
sioners, their widows and minor children, may
be allowed to assign their rights to actual
settlers on public lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mi-. BO R KM AN presented the petition of
J. J. S. Hassler, praying that the accounting
bureaus of the Treasury be authorized to adjust
his accounts as Indian agent; which was re-
ferrpd to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of West Virginia, in favor of the passage
of a bill to resell the water privileges at Har-
per's Ferry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. NYE presented additional evidence re-
lating to the claim of Mrs. Emily Miller, for
cotton seized by the Government at Port Gib-
son, Mississippi; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
DISTRICT LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
from the secretary of the District of Columbia,
transmitting, in compliance with the Senate
resolution of the 23d instant, a copy of all acts
and resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of
the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
nf<Mnr'v<A petition and papers in the case
•,iRlRley' ?n the S'«s of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
message from this house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2732) for the relief of
Ethan A. Sawyers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2899) for the relief of
Charles F. Carr, of Boston ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2901) for the relief of
Charles W. Denton, of Oregon;
A bill (H. R. No. 3382) to reimburse John
E. Woodward for certain moneys paid by him ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3476) to provide for the
removal of the wooden buildings on Judiciary
square;
A bill (H. R. No. 3625) to amend an act
entitled "An act governing the colored schools
of the District of Columbia ;"
A bill (H. R. No. 3629) to provide for a
district and circuit court of the United States
for the northern district of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 3G30) for the relief of
the personal representatives of Mary Robbins,
deceased, who was the widow of Brintnal
Robbins, an officer of the army of the Rev-
olution ;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1864, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3092) to remove the
legal and political disabilities of John H.
Reagan, of Anderson county, Texas; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3628) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell the custom-
house property at Plymouth, North Carolina.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2934) revis-
ing and amending the laws relative to the
mints, assay offices, and coinageof the United
States, asked a conference on the disagreeing
Votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Samuel Hooper of Massachu-
setts, Mr. W. L. Stocghton of Michigan, and
Mr. T. W. McNeely of Illinois, mangers at
the same on its part.
reports op committees.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 3258) making
appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic service of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
JNo. 26j6) for the relief of Dr. Theodore A.
Tellkampf, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3370) for the
relief of the widow and heirs of David Shel-
ton, sr., deceased, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1283) for the
relief of the State of Connecticut and other
States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. The Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred a
memorial of the board of visitors of the Vir-
ginia Agricultural College, praying a donation
of land to agricultural colleges, ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, the
committee having already reported a bill on
that subject, which has passed the Senate.
lhe committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. SAWYER, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 500) grant-
ing two million acres of public lands to the
District of Columbia for educational purposes,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to, and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. SAWYER. The same committee, to
wh°™ was referred the bill (S. No. 1256) to
establish a bureau of sanitary science, have
had thesame under consideration,and, in view
