1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
system of subsidies has created, the doctrine
shall prevail that a bribed member, no matter
when bribed, if prior to his election and un-
known to his constituents, may still give his
voice in the enactment of laws, the very depths
of public corruption will be reached.
The technical and subtle argument by which
the proposition is sought to be sustained is un-
worthy of the Representatives of an enlightened
people. I take it that no man can read the
record of this eventful period without being
convinced that the power of each House of
Congress to defend itself, to purify itself, to
exclude from his seat a member who has been
shown to be capable of acts destructive of
purity of government is a doctrine well settled
even on precedent in the polity of this Gov-
erment as well as of the House of Commons.
Ordinary crimes that affect individuals and
the public peace, however criminal, are of
infinitely less moment than those which strike
at the honor and the purity of the Government.
Shall we be told that, as the great body of the
members of the House of Representatives of
the next Congress were elected last year, upon
our meeting here next December, a mem-
ber who had so forgotten his duty to his coun-
try in the unhappy and corrupting venality of
this period as to have promised his vote for or
against any measure, under the influence of
a bribe, will be entitled to his seat, and this
House be compelled to permit his presence
and cannot purify itself by excluding him
from its deliberations?
Sir, the very statement of the proposition
carries with itits own answer. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] did well to
characterize the proposition as " atrocious.''
No rule can be found that will entitle members
dishonored with bribes to retain their seats
here and cast their votes in the enactment of
laws. This contest on which we are entering
at this hour is one of vital concern, even far
beyond the immediate question before this
House.
Sir, this is the first open and undisguised
contest between the great and irresponsible
corporations, these empires which you have
created in this Republic, and the people of this
Republic, as represented on this floor.
Tt, is the first great contest, open and well
defined, between these powers—the people
and the great corporations, made great by
your imperial subsidies—the power of the
corporations on the one hand, secret, com-
pact, corrupt, resolute, and the power of the
people and of this Government on the other
hand. Or rather, the unhappy and humiliat-
ing events of this hour are of the outgrowth of
your vast subsidized corporations.' The ques-
tion at issue is whether the American people
or the great private corporations which you
have endowed with imperial powers and im-
perial franchises shall be represented on this
floor and control the legislation of Congress
against the people, and to promote their own
aggrandizement at the expense of the people.
it is this consideration that arrests the at-
tention of the country. We are brought face
to face with the question on the solution of
which our free institutions and the just powers
of representative government depend. If the
atrocious doctrine so unbiushingly announced
on this floor yesterday, that a corporation,
having organized though a body of wealthy
men corrupt agencies to defraud the Govern-
ment and rob the Treasury, may rightfully
distribute its stock among the Representatives
of the people, to the intent thereby to control
legislative enactments, to secure measures
hostile to the people and calculated to favor
the corrupt purposes of the corporation either
by resisting or favoring legislation—if it shall
be determined that the Representatives of the
people so placed in antagonism to the country
and acting as the agents of corporate power
and wealth, in directing the course of legisla-
tion for personal and dishonest aggrandize-
ment and the aggrandizement of their masters,
the corporation, may rightfully retain their
seats on this floor and participate in the ad-
ministration of the Government and the enact-
ment of laws—if this shall be determined by
the House, then it requires no gift of prophecy,
no power of grasping the future, to warrant
the assertion that the days of this Republic
are numbered.
If the people would maintain their free
institutions they must demand that these over-
grown and aggressive agencies of wealth you
have armed with such dangerous power shall
not usurp the powers of Government, but the
rightful powers of the people shall alone be
represented in Congress.
In the few moments allotted me a general dis-
cussion of the vital questions at issue is impos-
ble. I have believed that the policy of the last
ten years in organizing these corporations was
not only dangerous, but fatal to this Govern-
ment. This very corporation, organizing and
wielding its power now in controlling not
simply Territories, but States—this very cor-
poration was brought into being here under
circumstances which should have made every
friend of his country tremble; for this Hall
was overrun by the most arrogant and insulting
mob that ever invaded a legislative hall,
unless it was when a legislative body was
driven out of its hall at the point of the bay-
onet. That measure was forced through this
Hall at the dead hour of night.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Mr.
Speaker, under ordinary circumstances it
might appear presumption in one whose pro-
fession is not that of the law to undertake any
comment or discuss this question with the able
aud learned gentlemen that have preceded me;
but a sense of duty to my constituency and to
my country prevents me from being silent, and
I shall endeavor to look upon this question
with unprejudiced eyes and with all the care
and deliberation its great importance de-
mands.
I am constrained to raise my voice against
the power of this House to expel a member
for acts committed prior to his election ; and
in view of the rare eloquence and learning
which have been brought to bear upon this
question, in view also of the differing conclu-
sions reached by gentlemen equally able, I
should like to know what gentleman realizing
the great responsibility of his vote will dare
to say that he knows we have this right. In
looking at the question as an American citizen,
unprejudiced, insensible to the clamors of the
press, earnestly anxious to do my duty, I say
in my judgment we have not this right; and I
do not see how, while under the common law
where the vilest criminal is entitled to the
benefit of a doubt, we are not at liberty to
extend this inalienable privilege to these gen-
tlemen who through a long course of public
service hitherto are without spot or blemish.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman who preceded
me [Mr. Holman] has alluded to something
that undoubtedly has great weight. And at
the proper time we shall have to grapple with
this question. Great corporations have through
their paid agents entered these Chambers ; the
voice of the nation has been smothered in the
lust for gain ; and great scandal is the conse-
quence in the capital of the nation. 1 yield
to no man in that high sense of duty which
should govern a Representative of the people.
I should scorn, sir, to allow myself to be
affected for one moment by any imputation or
fears on such a grave question. And while I do
not hesitate to say that in this Capitol the fruits
of a decay of public virtue have in many in-
stances found their exhibition, and are awaken-
ing the most profound apprehension as to the
future, yet the remedy is not to be found in
the expulsion of two members upon uncertain
charges. If I felt that either of the gentle-
men arraigned here had for one moment enter-
tained a guilty motive, or had in their hearts
a conception of what might be the result of
the action they had undertaken or become
engaged in, I would lose my right hand before
I would hesitate in expelling him. But the
country with one voice will protest against the
partial action proposed. If I understand it
or have any judgment my constituency are
united in saying "all or none." I do not be-
lieve the House will act hastily in this mat-
ter ; great good is already accomplished, and
while I feel pained and grieved, as every one
who has read the testimony carefully must,
yet I hail with satisfaction the awakening to
the sense of demoralization both public and
private that everywhere prevails.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is a remedy for any
injustice or any outrage against the public
decency that these members are charged with.
These gentlemen have to face public opinion.
They have to face their constituencies, and
they have to answer their own consciences.
Under those circumstances, Mr. Speaker, and
determining the vote I shall give against the
expulsion of Messrs. Ames and Brooks, after
mature deliberation, and at the same time
recognizing this House must in some way put
upon its records the sense of the impropriety,
the great scandal which would arise from any
one undertaking the traffic in this sacred Hall,
I shall hold myself ready for such action as the
House shall determine, that it may vindicate
its honor and preserve the integrity of its
members.
Mr. WOOD next addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, as I dis-
sented from the report of the Judiciary Cotn-
mitttee upon the impeachment of the Vice
President to which my colleague [Mr. Wood]
has just adverted, and as I made no reflection
upon the action of the special committee whose
report is before us, I need not therefore con-
cern myself with the strictures of my colleague
upon the action of the Judiciary Committee
if I had time to do so, which I have not. And
as he has himself just said that, in the absence
of impeachment and trial, would express here
no opinion as to the Vice President's guilt,
I need not, as that is exactly the course which
I adopted in making my dissenting report,
take to myself at least his animadversions at
the want of action against the Vice President. .
I had no desire, Mr. Speaker, to take any
part in this most painful discussion, and I
should not have sought the floor to say a word
if it had not been for the fact that the course
which this debate has taken has presented a
false issue, and is calculated to place some of
us in a wrong position. The committee who
have charge of this matter have reported to
the House resolutions of expulsion. The
debate during the past two days has turned
largely upon the rightful exercise of the power
of the House to expel a member for an offense
prior to the Congress. I take leave to say
that in this instance the subject for the atten-
tion of the House ought not to be a question
of power but a question of condemnation.
Are the transactions with the Credit Mobilier
which are before the House for consideration
to be condemned or not seems to me to be the
subject to which we should seek, in some way
that will avoid parliamentary difficulties, to
address ourselves.
What is explusion? Expulsion is exclusion
from the House. Exclusion when ? In this
case in the last hours of a dying Congress. If
we expel these gentlemen, whose expulsion the
report of the committee recommends, what
will be the practical result? Why that for
some forty hours they cannot sit here if they
should happen to wish to ; but their exclusion
at this time can in no appreciable degree
change the composition of the House or have
any practical effect upon legislation. When
next Tuesday, the 4th of March comes, if a
session of the next Congress be called its doors
will be as open to these expelled gentlemen as
to any of us, and their liability to the courts
of justice and to the public judgment of the
