1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8*1
A bill (EL R. No. 3628) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury tojiell the custom-
house property at Plymouth, North Carolina—
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
A bill (II. R. No. 3382) to reimburse John
B. Woodward for certain moneys paid by
him—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 3002) to remove the
political disabilities of John H. Reagan—to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
mint laws.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising
and amending the laws relative to the mints,
assay offices, and coinage of the United States,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon their
amendments to the said bill, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, a,nd agree to the confer-
ence asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Bayard the;
conferees on the part of the Senate. _ J
mbs. jane dulaney.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill
on the Calendar, being the bill (H. R. No.
1196) granting a pension to Mrs. Jane Du-
laney, was reported adversely and postponed
indefinitely on the 21st of March, 1872, but
on the 15th of January last the vote to indefi-
nitely postpone was reconsiderd.
Mr. PRATT. That bill has been recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions, and is
under consideration by that committee at this
time. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill.
eliza j. iidmpiirey.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1380) granting a pension to Eliza J.
Humphrey, widow of James R. Humphrey ;
which was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Eliza J. Humphrey, widow of James R. Hum-
phiey, late a private iti company H, eighty-first
. regiment Indiana volunteer infantry, and to
pay her a pension from the passage of the act
as a private's widow, and in respect to her
minor children under sixteen years of age.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
exportation of merchandise in bond.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1381) to further regulate the export-
ation of merchandise in bond.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. FENTON. What committee did that
bill come from ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. From the Com-
mittee ou Commerce, of which the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] is chairman.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 should
like the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce to explain what evil the bill is designed
to remedy.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. He does not
appear to be in his seat at present.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that the bill be
passed over until he comes into the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
daniel 0. cleveland.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. It. No. 2345) for the relief of Daniel 0.
Cleveland, postmaster at Broadalbin, in the
State of New York; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The bill directs
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department to credit Daniel O. Cleveland, post-
master at Broadalbin, New York, in his account
as such postmaster, with $140, being the value
of postage stamps stolen from the safe of the
post, office by burglars on the night of March 8,
1872, without fault or negligence on the part
of the postmaster. It also directs the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury Department
to credit Daniel O. Cleveland in his account
for United States internal-revenue stamps with
$213, being the amount and value of such
revenue stamps stolen from the same safe by
burglars on the night stated, without fault or
negligence on his part.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the re-
port be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report in
this case seems not to be filed with the bill;
but it has been sent for.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I made a re-
port accompanying the bill. The manuscript
must be with the papers in the case.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the bill be passed over
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next case, after which the bill
will be read again.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have the re-
port in print, and will send it to the desk to
be rc&d
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Fekry, of Michigan :
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill (H. K. for the relief
of Daniel 0. Cleveland, postmaster at Broadalbin,
in the State of New York, beg leave to submit the
following report:
That they have carefully examined the claim of
Daniel 0. Cleveland for the relief provided for in
said bill, and from the petition, affidavits, and other
documents before them, find the following facts:
that the said Daniel 0. Cleveland is now, and has,
for about two years past, been postmaster at Broad-
albin, in the county of Fulton, and State of New
York; also agent and depositary of the United
States for the sale of United States revenue stamps;
that the post office was kept in the store of Henry
Beers, esq., a merchant in said town, county, and
State; that the said Beers was deputy postmaster
under said Cleveland, and that the store was pro-
vided with agood and substantial fire-proof safe, the
property of the said Henry Beers; that said D. 0.
Cleveland kept all United States postage and rev-
enue stamps in his possession in said iron safe, which
was kept securely locked during office hours, with
the key thereofin the possession of said D. 0. Cleve-
land, or his said deputy, Henry Beers; that on the
night of the 8th of March, 1872, said store was en-
tered by burglars, who broke open said iron safe by
the use of gunpowder, or some other explosive sub-
stance, and carried away, among other things, a
package of United States postage stamps amounting
to and of the value of $140 92, and also a package of
United States revenue stamps amounting to and of
the value of 8213 68; that said postage and revenue
stamps were in the possession of said D. 0. Cleveland,
as such postmaster and stamp agent if the United
States, and the same were stolen and carried away
without his knowledge, consent, privity, or pro-
curement, or of said deputy, Henry Beer-, and with-
out any fault or negligence on the part of the said
Cleveland, or his deputy, Henry Beers. It appears
that said D. 0. Cleveland is a man of good moral
character, strict integrity, but of limited means,
and unable to bear this loss.
From the foregoing facts your committee are of
the opinion that said 1). 0. Cleveland is justly entitled
to the relief set forth in the bill. (II. It. 2345,)and
therefore respectfully recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to testify my
opposition to the bill, though I know it will not
do any good, I move to lay it on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the bill lie oa the
table.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
sarah baird.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill
(H. R. No. 2-178) granting a pension to Sarah
Baird ; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The bill directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name, of Sarah Baird, widow
of Thomas Baird, late a sergeant in company
C, fourth Pennsylvania cavalry, to take effect
from the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
maky a. chute.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2538) granting a pension to Maty
A. Chute ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is by the bill
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Mary A. Chute, mother of
Edward P. Chute, late a private iu company
I of the tenth regiment of Maine volunteers, to
take effect from the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
hannah w. sumner.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2505) to increase the pension of
Mrs. Hannah W. Sumner, widow of Major
General Edwin V. Sumner, who died March 21,
1863, while in command of the department of
the West; which was reported adversely by
Mr. Pratt, from the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes, aa
in Committee of the Whole, the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874, and for other purposes, the
pending question being upon the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmusds.]
Mr. STE WART. I should like to hear both
amendments read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, and the amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of
Mr. Edmuxds is at the end of section two, to
iusert:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold alt payments to any railroad company and
its assigns, on account of freights or transportation
of any kind, to the amount of payments made by
the United States for interest upon bonds of the
United States issued to any such company, and
which shall not have been reimbursed; and any
such company may bring suit in the Court of Claims
to recover the piice of such freight and transport-
ation ; and in sueh suit the right ef such company
: | to recover the same upon the law and the facts of
I the caso shall be determined; and either party to
I such suit may appeal to the Supreme Court.
II The amendment to the amendment offered
|j by Mr. Morrill, of Maine, is to strike out all
| after the word "and," in the first line, and
insert iu lieu thereof the following :
It shall be the duty of the President to take such
measures, or to institute in court such suits, as may
be necessary to recover from the Pacific railroad
companies the interest paid by the United States on
bonds issued for the use of either of said roads j and
jurisdiction is hereby conferred upon the circuit
court of the United States for the southern district
of New York to hear and determine such suits, sub-
ject to appeal as in other cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
more of the time of the Senate about this dis-
agreeable business ; but I wish that Senators
would give sufficient attention to it to see how
comparatively ineffectual the amendment of
the Senator from Maine will be if it be adopted
in lieu of the one I have had the honor to
submit.
In the first place, as I stated on Friday,
