1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
The SPEAKER. The Chair respectfully
requests that gentlemen will remain in their
seats during the roll-call, and not come near
the tally clerk while taking down the call. The
Chair will insure order to the House if gentle-
men will remain in their seats.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 165, not voting
17 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Bar num. Barry,
James B. Beck, James G.Blair, Buffinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Coghian,
Comingo, Dickey, Dunnell, Eidredge, Elliott,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Garrett, Golladay, Hays,
Houghton, Kellogg, Killinger, Lamison, Lansing,
Maynard, McHenry, Mitchell, Morpbis, Negley,
Peck, Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Prindle, Rainey,
Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Slocum, Sloss,
Snapp, Stoweli, St. John, Sypher, Turner, TuthiJl,
Twichell, Yoorhees, Wakeman, Wallace, Warren,
Whiteley, Williams of New York, and Young—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer. Arthur,
Banks, Barber. Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell,
Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Biair, Boarman, Boles,
Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Bunnell, Burchard,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crocker, Cross-
land, Darrall, Davis, Dodds, Donnan, Dox.DuBose,
Duell, Duke, Eames, Ely, Esty, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye.Getz, Giddings, Goodrich, Griffith, Hardeman,
Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris. John T.
Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Haw-
ley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Holman,
Hooper, Kendall, Ketcham, King, Kinsella, Lam-
port, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Maclntyre, Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary,
McGrew, McJunkin, McKee, McKinney, Merri-
am, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Moore,
Leonard Myers, Silas L. Niblack, Witiam E. Nib-
lack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Par-
ker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Price,Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rftce, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Sherwood. Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson. Storm, Stough-
ton, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Vauprhan, Waddell, Walden, Waldron,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood—165.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bingham, Brooks,
Conner, Creely, Dawes, Forker, Garfield, Kelley,
Kerr, McNeely, Morey, Morgan, Scofield,v Snyder,
Starkweather, and Taffe—17.
So the House refused to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana, stated that his
colleague [Mr. Kerr] is unavoidably detained
trom ihe House, and has requested me to say
that he will express his views and define his
position on the question at the earliest oppor-
tunity which may be afforded him. If he
were present he would vote "no" on this
motion and would vote for the resolutions of
the committee, or for censure.
Mr. McCLELLAND. I wish to state that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] has
been called home by the illness of his wife,
and if present here to-day on this vote would
vote " no."
Mr. POLAND. I move that the reading
of the names be dispensed with.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] which will be again
reported.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas, by the report of the special committee
herein, it appears that the acts charged as olienses
against members of this House, in connection with
the Credit Mobilier of America, occurred more than
five years ago, and long before the election of such
persons to this Congress, two.elections by tho people
having intervened; and whereas grave doubts
exist as to the rightful exercise by this House of its
power to expel a member for offenses committed by
such member long befure his election thereto, and
not connected with such election: Therefore,
Revolved, That the special committee be dis-
charged Irom the further consideration of this sub-
ject.
Resolved, That the House absolutely condemns
the conduct of Oakks Ames, a member of this House
from Massachusetts, in seeking to procure congres-
sional attention to the affairs of a corporation in
which he was interested, and whose interests directly
depended upon the legislation of Congress by in-
ducing members of Congress to invest in the stocks
of said corporation.
Resolved, That this House absolutely condemns the
conduct of Jambs Brooks, a member of this House
from New York, for the use of his position of Gov-
ernment director of the Union Pacific raiiroad, and
of member of this House, to procure the assignment
to himself or family of stock in the Credit Mobilier
of America, a corporation having a contract with
the Union Pacific railroad, and whose interests de-
pended directly upon the legislation of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sub-
stituting the preamble and resolutions just
read for the report of the committee. The
gentleman who offers the substitute desires
that the first resolution, which discharges the
committee, maybe voted upon last; because if
voted upon first and affirmatively, that would
remove the subject from before the House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order, or parliamenta-ry inquiry. 1 desire to
know if the preamble is subject to division.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the point is reserved by the gentle-
tleman from Wisconsin that the preamble, as
containing two substantially different propo-
sitions, is subject to division. The first ques-
tion will be whether the resolutions offered
by the gentleman from California shall be sub-
stituted for the two resolutions of the commit-
tee. Should the House vote affirmatively upon
that question, the House will then first vote
upon the resolution in relation to Oakes Ames,
next upon the resolution relating to James
Brooks, next upon the resolution discharging
the committee from the further consideration
of the subject; then upon the preamble, upon
which the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldeedge] has demanded a division.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it competent for the gen-
tleman from California to direct the order in
which the vote shall be taken ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
the gentleman from Vermont having allowed
these resolutions to be offered, the gentleman
from California has the right to arrange as to
their order ; and the order which has been
stated by the Chair is the logical sequence of
the resolutions.
Mr. HALE. If this substitution should be
made, cannot a vote be taken on the preamble
first, so as to leave the resolutions of censure
unencumbered by an expression of opinion as
to jurisdiction?
The SPEAKER. That comes afterward.
The rule requires that where a preamble is
objected to, it may be voted upon, but after
the resolution.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to make another
inquiry : whether the principle asserted by the
Chair in regard to the voting separately on the
two resolutions relating to Mr. Ames and Mr.
Brooks will not be violated if we vote upon
the substitute as an entirety?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question. Gentlemen in asking parlia-
mentary questions, must not mingle up debate
with them. A parliamentary question just
now must merely be as to the order of voting.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then I rise to a ques-
i ion of order as to voting. Can we vote on
the substitute as a whole when it includes two
persons?
The SPEAKER. It no more includes two
persons than does the report of the committee
as it stands. Therefore it is in order. It
leaves the two persons referred to in the
report of the committee situated exactly as
they are in the report. Agreeing to the reso-
lutions of the gentleman from California as a
substitute, does not pass the final judgment of
the House on one or the other of these gentle-
men. It leaves them, if the substitution is
made, precisely as the report does, so far as
regards passing final judgment.
Mr. ELDREDGE, Some might be influ-
enced to vote for the substitute on account of
Mr. Ames and some on acount of Mr. Brooks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot go into
that question. The substitute leaves members
precisely as the report of the committee does.
Mr. SPEER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] whether
I understand that his substitute admits the
power of Congress to condemn but not to
expel?
The SPEAKER. That is debate and is not
in order.
Mr. COX. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the parliamentary order is not to put
the question first on discharging the commit-
tee?
The SPEAKER. It is not; and therefore
the Chair does not put it first.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask a question,
the answer to which may relieve gentlemen.
If the substitute is agreed to, then when it is
presented for the decision of the House will
it not be susceptible of division ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
indicated that he would not present it in any
other way, because he has decided on several
occasions that a question involving one mem-
ber cannot be commingled with a question
involving another member.
Mr.. STEVENSON. If the substitute be
adopted, at what point will amendments be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. At no point; the previous
question is operating.
Mr. POLAND. I call for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 115, noes 110, not
voting 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Averill. Barnum, Barry,
James B. Beck, James G. Blair, Boarman, Bright,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, Cobb, Cogblan, Co-
mingo, Conner, Cotton, Crocker, Crossland, Dar-
rall, Dickey, Dodds, Donnan, DuBosc, Dunnell,
Barnes, Eidredge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth. Farwell,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett, Golladay,
Halsey, Harmer, Harper, George E.Harris, Havens,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill,
Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham,
Killinger, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Mac-
lntyre, Maynard, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee,
Mitchell, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Potter, Prindle, Rainey,
John M. Rice, John Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shober. Shoe-
maker, Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Snyder, Stoughton, Stoweli, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Tuthili, Twichell, Tyner,
Vaughan, Voorhees. Wakeman, Wallace, Warren,
Wells. Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, and Winchester—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell,
Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Boles, Braxton,
Buckley, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke,*
Coburn, Conger, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Davis, Dox,
Duell, Duke, Esty, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster,
Frye, Getz, Giddings, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman,
Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, John
T. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay,
Hereford. Herndon, Hibbard. Hoar, Holman, Kin-
sella, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McKin-
ney, Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mon-
roe, Moore, Morphis, Silas L. Niblack, William E.
Niblack, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Poland, Porter,
Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
SionH. Rogers, Roosevelt, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Slater, H. Boardman Smith, Snapp, Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swann, Terry, Thomas,
Upson, Van Trump, Waddell, Walden, Waldron,
Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bingham, Brooks,
Creely, Dawes, Forker, Garfield, Kelley, IJerr, King,
McNeely, Morgan, Scofield, Starkweather, ana
Taffe—10.
So the substitute was agreed to.
During the roll-call the following proceed-
ings took place:
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to change my
vote; not because I am in favor of the propo-
sition, but because 
The SPEAKER. During the roll-cal) gen-
tlemen must not debate.
