1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18S3
Mr. BLDBEDGE. I vote " ay."
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced,
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the first resolution on which the action of the
House is asked.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the House absolutely comdemn
the conduct of Oakes Ames, a member of this House
from Massachusetts, in seeking to procure congres-
sional attention to the affairs of a corporation in
which he was interested, and whose interests directly
depended upon legislation of Congress, by inducing
members of Congress to invest in stock of said cor-
poration.
Mr. POLAND. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. VAN TBUMP. I would like to in-
quire if it is in order now to move to add
additional names?
The SPEAKER. That is never in order ;
the resolution before the House could not be
amended by the addition of other names.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The qestion was then taken ; and there were—
yeas 182, nays 36, not voting 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Barnuin, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck,
Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Boarman,
Boles, Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Bunnell, Bur-
chard, Burdett. Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher,
Crocker, Crosslijnd, .Darrall, Dayis, Dodds, Donnan,
Box, DuBose, Duel!, Duke, Bunnell, Eames, Ely,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Ham-
bleton, Ilanoook, Handley, Harmer, Harper, George
E. Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, John B. Haw-
ley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazeiton,
John W. Hazeiton, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,
Hill, Hoar. Holinan, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall,
Ketchain, Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lam-
port, Lansing, Leach, Lewis. Lowe, Lynch, Mac-
Intyre, Manson, Marshall, McClelland,MoCorinick,
McCrary, McJunkin. McKee, McKmney, Merriam,
Merrick, McGrew, Benjamin E.Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Silas L.
Niblack, William E. Niblack, Orr, Packard, HoseaW.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Price, Prindle, Randall, Bead, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Bice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H.
Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sessions, Shanks,
Shellabager, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater,
Slocuni, H. Boardinan South, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Speer, Sprague, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland,
Swann, Terry, Thoinas, Dwight 'l'ownsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tathill, Tyner, Upson,
Van Truini , Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, Wal-
den, Waidron, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Wbiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of In-
diana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—182.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Barry, James B.
Beck, Brooks, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Coiningo, Conner, Dickey, Eldredge,
Elliott, Esty. Farwell, Garrett, Hays, Hooper, May-
nard, McHenry, Morphis, A'egley, Packer, Peek,
Perce, Perry, Rainey, Sawyer, Seeley, Sloss, Snapp,
Snyder, St John, Twichell, Voorhees, and Williams
of New York—36. .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bmgham, James
G. Blair, Coghlan, Creely, Dawes. Farnsworth,
Forker, Garfield, Hanks. Kelley, Kerr. McNeely,
Morgan, Palmer, Peters, Piatt, bcofield, Sheldon,
Starkweather, Sypher, and Taffe—22.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, said: For want
of jurisdiction, I vote "no. '
Mr. McCLELLAND. I again desire to say
that Mr. Morgan has been called home; if
hews he would vote "ay."
The question was upon adopting the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That this House absolutely condemns
the conduct of James Brooks, a member otthis
House from New York, for the use of his position
of Government director of .the Union Pacific rail-
road and of member of this House to procure an
assignment to himself or_ his family of stoek in the
Credit Mobilier of America, a corporation having a
contract with the Union Pacific railroad, and whose
interests depended directly upon the legislation ol
Congress.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order at this
time to move an amendment to the phrase-
ology of this resolution in regard to its state
went of facts ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent-
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. POLAND. I call for the yeas and nays
on this resolution,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 174, nays 32, not voting 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barber. Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck,
Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Boarman,
Boles, Braxton, Bright, Buckley. Bunnell, Bnrchard,
Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cotton, Crebs, Critcher, Crocker, Crossland,
Davis, Dodds, Donnan. Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke,
Dunnell, Eames, Ely, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Henry D. Foster,Wilder D. Foster. Frye, Getz, bid-
dings, Goodrich, Griffith. Haldeman, Hale, Halsey,
Hambleton, Hancock, Handley. Harmer, Harper,
George E. Harris. John T. Harris, Havens, John B.
Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazei-
ton, John W. Hazeiton, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard. Hill, Hoar, Holman, Houghton, Kendall,
K etch a in, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport,
Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Maclntyre,
Manson. Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McJunkin, McKee. McKinney, Mer-
riam, Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morey,
Leonard Myers, Silas L. Niblack, William E. Nib-
lack. Orr, Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Pendleton, Poland, Porter, Potter, Price,
Prindle, Randall, Read. Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent,
Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger. Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum,«H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
Speer. Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend. Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tuthill, Tyner, Upson. Van Trump, Vaughan,
Waddell, Wakeman, Walden. Waidron, Wallace,
Wells,, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—174.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Barry, James B.
Beck, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Clarke, Coiningo, Conner, Dickey, Eld-
retdge; Elliott, Farwell, Garrett, Golladay, Hays,
Hooper, Maynard, McHenry, Morphis, Negley.Peck,
Perce, Perry, Rainey. Seeley, Sloss, Snapp, St. John,
Voorhees, and Williamsof New York—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bingham, James
G. Blair, Brooks, Coghlan, Cox, Creely, Darrall,
Dawes, Esty, Farnsworth, Forker, Garfield, Hanks,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, King, McNeely, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morgan, Palmer, Peters, Piatt, Wililam R.
Roberts, Sawyer, Soofieid, Sheldon, Starkweather,
Sypher, Talfe, Twichell, Warren, and Young—34.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
votes by which the resolutions were adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Symp-
sosr, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1540) to aid in the execution
of the laws in the Territory of Utah, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bills of
the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 4030) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the old
post office property in Chicago ; and
An act (H. R. No. 3952) to authorize the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Charles T. Brown and J. J. S.
Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa Indians
of Minnesota, on the grounds of equity and
justice.
CKEDIT MOBILIER.
The House resumed the consideration of
the preamble and resolutions offered by Mr.
Sargent as a substitute for the resolutions
reported by Mr. Poland, from the select Com-
mittee on Alleged Bribery of Members.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the next resolution of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Sargekt.]
Mr. HOAR. Is it in order to move to lay
the remaining resolution and the preamble on
the table?
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no !
Mr. DICKEY. Not much. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is proper that members
should know the effect of their votes. The
motion to lay on the table, if it be adopted,
will of course carry the whole subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The clerk will now report
the next resolution.
The Clerk read aa follows:
Resolved, That the special committee be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the sub-
ject.
Mr. WOOD. I submit whether the adop-
tion of that resolution would prevent the com-
mittee from reporting against other gentlemen
who may be implicated.
Mr. BINGHAM. The committee have
reported.
The SPEAKER. The committee have
made their fall report.
Mr. WOOD. I do not understand that that
is necessarily the case.
Mr. SPEER. Would the adoption of this
resolution prevent any member of the House
from offering a resolution with reference to
other persons?
The SPEAKER. It certainly would, be-
cause the adoption of the resolution would
imply that the House had accepted the conclu-
sions of the committee with reference to other
members.
Mr. WOOD. That would be the effect of
the adoption of the resolution I suppose ; but
as the case now stands, is it not within the
power of the committe to report as to other
individuals?
Mr. HIBBARD. And is it not within the
power of any member to offer a resolution
with regard to other persons?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The question being so
important, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order to move
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The pre-
vious question is operating.
Mr. POLAND. I must ask a separate vote
on the preamble.'
The SPEAKER. The vote will of course
be taken separately upon the preamble. The
Chair is now submitting the question on the
resolution. The preamble will be last
voted on.
Mr, HOAR. I understand the Chair to
have decided that the motion to lay on the
table would be in order.
The SPEAKER. It would be, beyond
doubt.
Mr. SARGENT. What would that carry
with it ?
The SPEAKER. Everything.
Mr. SARGENT. Including the resolutions
already adopted ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. HOAR. I move that this resolution
and preamble do lie on the table
Mr. BURCHARD. Does that carry the
whole subject?
Mr. SARGENT. It does, except the reso-
lutions already adopted.
Mr. HOAR. Is it not true that the com-
mittee have discharged themselves already by
by their report?
The SPEAKER. That does not follow.
The committe does not expire until the end of
the session.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. The question then is upon
the remaining resolution, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If this resolution should not
be adopted, will it be in order for individual
members, upon the facts stated in the report
or exhibited in the testimony, to offer resolu-
tions as to any other members ?
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose that could only
be done under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. Could not a member offer
as a privileged question a resolution with refer-
ence to other parties ?
The SPEAKER. If the House does not
discharge the committee from the considera-
tion of the subject, of course the subject is
before the House. If the House discharges.
