1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
Senator from Maine. The only thing, how-
ever, that I would suggest in regard to that
would be this: if that course is taken, it will
bring it just as speedily to a decision as the
other if he will only put into his amendment
a provision that the court shall give the case
precedence over all others so as to have it
decided at once. It ought to be decided.
The public interest, the interest of these stock-
holders, and the interest of the holders of
these millions of first mortgage bonds of these
railroad companies require that it should be
speedily decided, and I will go for that which
will bring it to the speediest decision by the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, since I
was on the floor before, on the subject of the
best way of reaching the point of getting the
matter settled between these companies and
the United States, I have received a letter
from Mr. C. P. Huntington, the vice president
of the Central Pacific company, stating the
views of his company and asking that I lay the
letter before the Senate of the United States.
I do it with pleasure, because it seems to be
written in the spirit that you might expect a
man of honor and of fairness to write, and I
think it will convince the Senate that so far as
that company is concerned they are willing to
have the amendment that I have proposed
adopted as the most effectual way of reach-
ing an immediate decision upon the rights of
the company. I want the letter read to the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Washington, January 27,1873.
Sir: I have read with interest your amendment,
cow pending in the Senate to the legislative and
executive appropriation bill, and a portion of the
discussion which has taken place thereon. Speak-
ing for the Ceutral Pacific Company, I wish to say
that X infer that the position of that company in
this matter is not precisely understood. We entered
into our contract with the Government upon that
construction of the statutes relating to freight and
postal service which was acted upon by the Govern-
ment for several years, which has been approved by
your committee, and which has received the sanc-
tion of Congress every time that body has considered
the subject. We have besides consulted the best
lawyers in the country, whose opinions unanimously
support the construction of Congress. We have in
good faith always believed this construction the
legal one. Had any other been deemed possible,
we should never have entered into the contract.
But, sir, while thus claiming to be in the right,
this company has never sought to avoid, it has always
been ready to promote a legal adjudication of every j
question between it and tbe Government. So far I
from opposing such a decision, it desires to have it. j
It especially wishes to avoid the constant recurrence
of a discussion in Congress which settles nothing, i
We have devoted our fortunes and the best years of 1
our lives to a great public enterprise. Ourselves
with the Government are still interested in its suc-
cess, and whatever iaay be tbe purpose of those who !
are inimical to us without just cause, we confidently ,
expect that Congress will decline to legislate to the :
injury of these companies and the peril of the inter- >
esfs ol the Government in them. ^ i
Your amendment is not obnoxious to this criti-
cism. It may he susceptible of some improvement;
it would perhaps be better to remit the parties to the
regular Federal courts. But if it is your judgment
and that of Congress that the amendment as it
stands will best secure a final settlement of themat-
ter, I desire to say in behalf of our company that its
provisions are cordially accepted, and the company
will unite its best efforts to those of the Government
to have that settlement early and complete, and in
comformity with the principles of law and justice.
We respectfully ask tbntyouwiU lay this letter
before the Senate of the. United States.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. P. HUNTINGTON,
Vice President Central Pacific Railroad Company,
Hon. Georoe F. Edmunds,
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not given up the
floor yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's par- 1
don. I thought he had come to a beautiful '
peroration and had done. |
Mr. THURMAN. I have but a very few i
words to say, and then I will give up the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I have sent to the desk an
amendment in conformity with the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, which I should like
to have read.
The Chief Clerk. The modification is to
add at the end of the amendment the words,
" and it shall be the duty of said court to give
such proceedings the precedence over all other
cases so as to road:
It shall bo the duty of the President of the United
States to take such measures or to institute such
suits as may be necessary to recover from the Pacific
railroad companies the interest paid by tbe United
States on bonds issued for the use of either of said
roads and the five per cent, of the net earnings pro-
vided for by law; and jurisdiction is hereby con-
ferred upon the circuit courts of the United States
for the several districts of the United States to hear
and determine such suits, subject to appeal as in
other cases; and it shall be the duty of said court to
give such proceedings precedence over all other
Mr. THURMAN. Now I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont to one
necessary result that will follow if his plan
be adopted. Suppose we repeal the act of
March, 1871, as it seems to be now admitted
on all hands is to be done, and we adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont;
then what? Then the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, we will assume—certainly he ought to
under such circumstances—will withhold half
the transportation. Congress having repealed
the act of March 3, 1871, and provided for
a suit to be brought to test it, of course the
Secretary of the Treasury will feel it his duty
to withhold half the transportation. Then
the company sues in the Court of Claims. My
friend will see at once that that suit can only
decide the question of the half transportation,
nothing else. Itdoes not necessarily decide the
question whether or not the company is bound
to reimburse the interest before the maturity
of the bonds, which was one of the most im-
portant points before the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, it
seems to me my friend is entirely mistaken
about that. The only defense that the United
States can have in refusing to pay over the one
half the transportation which prima facie is
due to these companies, is the fact that in other
respects and about the same transaction the
companies are largely in arrear to the United
States, and therefore either a legal or equita
ble set-off must be made on the balance of the
account between the parties to raise the ques-
tion whether this interest which we have ad-
vanced to them is due presently, or whether,
as a majority of the Judiciary Committee
reported two years ago, it is not due until the
end of thirty years. So in respect to the net
proceeds, we can file a counter-claim which
shall set up the fact that we hold this money
in order to countervail, as far as it will go, that
portion of the live per cent, that they ought to
have paid in.
I have not moved this amendment in hostil
ity to any company, but to treat them in the
tenderest way that it occurred to me they
could be treated consistently with justice to the
people of the United States. When the Court
of Claims and the Supreme Court on appeal,
determine, if they do, that we are right and
that the companies ought to make good this
interest, and that they ought to make good this
five per cent., and that they ought not to have
any of this transportation until they do it,
there is the end of the case. They cannot
pronounce a decree which shall put us in pos
session, break dowu these roads, and make
an end of them. We do not wish to do that;
quite the reverse. But if you institute a legal
proceeding in a court for rights that are re-
served to us in these charters to enforce the
rights of the United States, then you must
have a decree from the Supreme Court of
the United States which shall close up the
whole subject, if we are right and compel the
companies to pay at once the whole ot these
an-ears in solido, or else turn over the prop-
erty to the United States; and then where are
the creditors of these corporations, the first
mortgage bondholders, where are the innocent
stockholders, if there are any ? Their rights
are all gone. So I do submit to my friend
that the tenderest and the fairest way is to let
this question be determined on a matter which
in itself is not very broad in point of money,
and then when our rights are once ascer-
tained we can take measures, if the companies
administer their a (fairs honestly and fairly, and
I hope they will, to help them along, and do
what we shall find to be right.
Mr. THURMAN. I had certainly not said
that the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont was less tender or more tender to these
com parries than the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Maine. I was about to show, and
it might be inferred from what I had said,
that this proposition was more tender of the
companies than that of the Senator from
Maine. I had said nothing of that kind. Iam
not here to take care of the-interest of these
companies. Had I been in Congress at the
time, I never should have voted for such a law
as that of 1864. But the question I put to
the Senator was, whether or not the Court of
Claims would necessarily decide this interest
question npon a suit for the half transporta-
tion. I think not necessarily; and why not?
Suppose the Court of Claims takes up that
matter of the interest, and says "the Govern-
ment has no right to the interest until the
maturity of the bonds," then of course that
would be no defense. But suppose the court
says '1 yes; the true construction of the acts
of 1862 and 1864 is that the Government had
a right to the interest as it matured, but, owing
to the act of 1864, that right is modified so
that it can only have a right to collect the
interestbeyond the half transportation account,
and it shall not set up by way of set-olf the
payment of interest against half the trans-
portation account. That is the necessary effect
of that act of 1864." That was another part
of that Judiciary Committee's report. It
might very well be said that even if the Gov-
ernment had, under tbe act of 1862, and as
modified by the act of 1864, a right to recover
the interest except as to the one half trans-
portation account, yet quoad that sum, half
the transportation account, the Government
waived its right to take the interest.
Then there is another thing. Suppose the
Government says, " Well, we have not a right
to payment of this interest now ; but you owe
us five per cent, of the net earnings, and that
amounts to more than half the transportation
account." Nobody ever denied, nobody can
deny, the obligation of the companies to set
aside or to pay over the five per cent, of net
profits ; and if it should turn out, as some one
suggested here, that there are five per cent, of
the profit?, that answers the transportation
account without ever touching the interest
question at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We save the money then.
Mr. THURMAN. That is very true, we
save money. It seems to me, therefore, that
if we want to go for these companies with the
strongest medicine we can use, the proposition
of the Senator from Maine is a great deal the
strongest, for that goes for the whole interest
and the five per cent. too. It covers every-
thing. That is undoubtedly the strongest
measure, and the one which these companies,
if they were wise, would be the last to want to
see adopted ; and they would much prefer the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
I hope the Senator from Vermont will make
one modification of his amendment, the same
that was made by the Senator from Maine. I
hope that ho will insert in his amendment a
provision that tbe Court of Claims shall give
precedence to this case over other cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When this amendment
is disposed of I certainly will. What I wish
to get at is speed.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ When I asked my hon-
orable friend from Ohio whether the amend-
ment directing this money to be paid to the
