1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. On that question
I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Several gentleman have
spoken to the Chair privately about dividing
this resolution. The Chair does not think
it contains two propositions, but he will have
the first clause of the preamble read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas by the report of the special committee
it appears that the acts charged as offenses against
members of this House in connection with the Credit
Mobiiier of America occurred more than five years
ago, and long before the election of such persons to
this Congress, two elections by the people having
intervened.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. If the Chair de-
cides that the preamble is not divisible, I
object to a division.
The SPEAKER. It certainly does not pre-
sent two substantial propositions.
Mr. POLAND. The logic of it would be
that we should censure two members without
giving any reason therefor.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to chopping logic
here.
Mr. HIBBAItD. Will the adoption or the
rejection of this preamble have any effect upon
the right to offer other resolutions on this
subject ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not.
Mr. BANKS. I ask for the reading of the
entire preamble.
The preamble was again read.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire whether,
supposing the House should divide this pre-
amble 
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not sub-
mit it separately; it is not the judgment of the
Chair that it contains two propositions,
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman from
California modify the preamble so as to 
Mr. DICKEY. I object to any qualifica-
tion or modification.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the uegative—yeas 98, nays 113, not voting
29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Barnum, James
B. Beck, Boarman, Bright, Buffinton, Bunnell,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll,
Cobo, Coghkm, Comiago, Conner, Cotton, Cross-
laud, Darrail, Dickey, Domian, DuBose, Duell,
Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Farnsworth, Farweli,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Halsey. Harmer, Harper, George E. Har-
ris, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketch-
am, Killinger, Lamison, Lansing, Maelntyre, May-
nard. MeHenry, McKee, Mitchell, Morey, Mor-
phia, Negley, Packard, Packer. Palmer, Isaac C.
barker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Potter, Prindle, Rainey, John M. Riee, Rusk,
Sargent, Shanks, Sheldon, Shober, Shoemaker,
Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Stoughton, Stoweil, St. John, Sypher, Dwight
Tow risen (!, Washington Townsend, Turner, Iwich-
eli, i'yner, Vaughau, Voorhees., Wakemjn, Wal-
lace, Whitele^, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, W inchester, and Young—9S.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Barry, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck,
Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Boles,
Braxton, Buckley, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke. Conger, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crocker,
Davis, Box, IJuke, iSiy, Esty, Finkelnburg, Henry
D.Foster,Frye,Gicldings, Goodrich, Griffith, Halde-
man. Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, John
T. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R.
Hawiey, Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hoar,
Holinan, Kerr, King, ICinsella, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch,
Manson. Marshall. McClelland, MeCormick, Jlc-
Crary, McGrew, McKmney, Mernaui, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Leonard Myers,
Silas L. Niblaok, William E. Nibiack, Orr, Hosea
"W. Parker, Poland. Porter, Price. Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts. W il-
luuu R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, mod 11.
lioirers, Sawyer, Shellaburger, Sherwood, Sktter,
H. Boardman Smith, Speer, Sprague. Stevens, Ste-
venson, Storm, Swann, Terry, Xhomas, Tuthill,
Upton, Van Trump, Waddell. Waiden. Waldron,
Warren. Wells, Wheeler, Whitthorne. Wiliard.
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Wood-118. „ ,
M>r VOTING—-Messrs. Ames, Bingham, James
ti. Blair, Brooks, JBurdett, Co burn. Creely, Dawes,
Dudil", lildvedce, Kmkei, G.iriield, Hanks, Kc-lley,
LsuuiHTi, Le R*h, McJutikm. -Me^eely, Moore,
Muiuan, Ko<->c\eli, c-eoliild. Seeley, bessiuus,
Sloeuiu, John A. Mniih, Starkweather, Sutherland,
and TaDc—JXK
So the preamble was uot agieed to.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I now call for the regu-
lar order of business.
arrangement of galleries.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to offer a resolution
to which I think there will be no objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and
hereby is, instructed to make sueh a rearrangement
of the galleries of the House as will provide separ-
ate, convenient, and comfortable sections ; first,
for the families of members of the House and Sen-
ate ; second, for the families of the President, Vice
President, and members of the Cabinet; and third,
for the use of the diplomatic corps; and that the
several portions of the gallerie-, when so arranged,
shall be reserved for the exclusive use of the per-
sons for whom they are thus designated.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that resolu-
tion. I think that stranger? who come here
ought to have the preference over the familes
of members so far as our gallar.es merely are
concerned.
credit mobiliefi.
Mr. HALE. I move that the report of the
select Committee on the Credit Mobiiier now
pending be recommitted to the committee;
and on that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SPEER. Is that a question of priv-
ilege ?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. SPEER. I was on the floor before the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. DICKEY. So was I, and have been
for an hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has been
on the floor for the last hour, so far as mere
standing is concerned.
Mr. SPEER. I think not.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
is of course of the highest privilege.
Mr. WOOD. If this motion to recommit
be not adopted would it be in order for me to
offer a resolution of instructions to the com-
mittees to report back resolutions in reference
to other members of the House implicated in
this Credit Mobiiier matter ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
not be.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question upon the motion of
Mr. Hale to recommit.
The SPEAKER. There being a division
of opinion the Chair will appoint Mr. Hale
and Mr. Speer to act as tellers.
Mr. SPEER. I decline to act.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then
appoint Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I decline to act.
The SPEAKER. The Chair having named
two gentlemen to act as tellers who are opposed
to the seconding ol'the previous question, and
they having declined to act in disrepect of the
rules of the House 
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say that I
declined not out of any disrespect to the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair said " disre-
spect to the rules of the House."
Mr. RANDALL. 1 declined because I felt
the reply of the Speaker to my colleague
[Mr. SpSer] was such as should not have
emanated from him.
Mr. SPKER. So did I; it was unprovoked.
Mr. McCLELLAND. I desire to call atten-
tion to the rule in regard to smoking in she
Hall, which has been frequently violated within
the last two or three days.
The SPEAKER. I'lis Chair instructs the
Doorkeeper lo enforce tb-it rule with great
stiingency. It is a gross violation of the rules
of the House for any gentleman to smoke on
the floor, x he Chair will now appoint Mr.
Hoar, of Massachusetts, to act as the telle*
with Mr. Hale, of Maine.
Mr. STEVENSON. Are those two gentle-
men on the same side 1
Mr. HOAR. I am in favor of seconding
the call for the previous question. , .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive
the count of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 77, noes 96.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the report of
the select committee be recommitted wilh
instructions to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House absolutely condemns
the conduct of Samuel Hoopeh and IIen ay L. Dawes
of Massachusetts, Wm. D. Kelley and Glenni W.
Scofield of Pennsylvania, James A. Gabfielb and
Johh A. Bingham of Ohio, members of the House
of Representatives, inasmuch as they became in-
terested in the Credit Mobiiier Company of Amer-
ica, a contracting company for the construction of
the Union Pacific railroad, and continued to be
so interested at a time when said corporation was
dependent upon the legislation of Congress for its
maintenance and support.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
upon the resolution that it is not in order to
include in a resolution of censure more than
one name.
The SPEAKER. That is in accordance
with the decision which the Chair has given
two or three times. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the resolution is not before
the House.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to be heard upon
that point. ■ •
" The SPEAKER. Upon what point?
Mr. WOOD. Upon the point of order. I
deny that it is a correct ruling on the part of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The ruling is on the part
of the Chair.
" Mr. WOOD. If the Chair has already de-
cided the point before hearing any argument,
I have nothing more to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad
to hear the argument of the gentleman from
New York, but he must say that there is not
the slightest possibility of changing his decis-
ion. The Chair begs to be heard for one
moment. Upon all questions affecting the
personal or representative character of _a
member the gentlemen from New York will
himself see the propriety of each member
standing absolutely on his own merits. If
several names were embraced in the same
resolution some members might wish to vote
against one and in favor of another, and in
this way the personal rights and the official
character of members might be (if the Chair
may use the phrase) "log-rolled." That is
something which the Chair could never allow.
Mr. WOOD. If the Chair has ruled upon
the point, ot course it. is useles for me to offer
any suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled upon
it several times before.
Mr. WOOD, 1 propose then to modify my
resolution by striking out all the names
except 
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Spjseb.,J
The resolution of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] not,being before the House,
having been ruled out upon the point of order,
the gentleman fiorn Pennsylvania is entitled to
ihe floor. The resolution which he sends to
the desk will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is shown br the report of the select
committee of the House to investigate charges of
alleged bribery of members by Oakes Ames and
Otheis, that William D. Kellky, a member of Con-
gi ess from the State of Pennsylvania, did receive,
while a member ot this Huiuc. Iroia Oakks Ames
I the sum of mi the 23d Jay of June, 1868, and the
i! further sunn of$To9 m S-'OU'Oi er. as dividends
■| on stock of the Credit Mobiiier of America, without
!i having paid anything therefor; and whereas the
[1 said dividends arose from a dishonest contract and
II ai t auKewent between the said Credit Mobiiier and
