1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, which com-
pany was and is largely indebted to the United
States, resulting in a gross fraud and wrong upon
the Government : Therefore,
Resolved, That for the receipt^ and use as afore-
said of the said Credit Mobiiier dividends, William
D. Kelley deserves and hereby receives the un-
qualified censure of this House.
Mr. DICKEY. I raise a point of order on
that.
Mr. SPEER. I was about to call the
previous question, but not for the purpose of
cutting off discussion or preventing the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] from
being heard.
Mr. DICKEY. I. object that it is not in
order to offer a second-class stump speech in
the shape of a preamble.
Mr. SPEER. That point of order needs no
ruling from the Chair or the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before
the House as a question of privilege.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to move to refer
this resolution to the special committee already
appointed upon the Credit Mobiiier?
Mr. SPEEli, I call the previous question
on the resolution, unless the gentleman from
. Pennsylvania or any of his friends desire to
be heard upon it.
Mr. DICKEY. Certainly I desire to be
heard on such a stump speech as that.
Mr. SPEER. I desire that the gentleman
named in the resolution or his friends shall be
heard on the subject if they wish.
Mr. HAYS. Is it in order to move to lay
the resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I do not 
Mr. DICKEY. I object to the considera-
tion of that, resolution. Let the Speaker decide.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to raise the
question of consideration.
Mr. SPEER. Is not this a question of priv-
ilege ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SPEER. Then the objection of one
member is not sufficient to carry the resolu-
tion over?
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the gentle-
man can have the question decided by the
House whether the resolution shall be con-
sidered.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir; I can have it
decided by the House whether they will con-
sider this stump speech or not.
The SPEAKER. The House has the right
to decide, just as it did upon the resolution in
regard to tne impeachment of the Vice Presi-
dent, whether it will consider the question.
It is the duty of the Chair, upon the demand
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Dickey,] to submit to the House the question
of consideration, which is not debatable.
Mr. SPEER. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir; let us have them.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Is this resolu-
tion offered for reference to the committee, or
for adoption now ?
Mr. DICKEY. The resolution is offered
for passage now.
Mr. SPEER. I will yield for discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the resolution. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania introduces it as a question
of privilege, which it undoubtedly is, and signi-
fies his desire to move the previous question
"unless debate is desired. Pending that, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania on the left [Mr
Diokey] objects to the consideration, and that
question muot be decided without debate. On
the question of consideration the gentleman
from Pennsylvania who offers the resolution
demands the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot impress
on gentlemen too strongly the necessity of
Jseeping older while exceedingly important
votes are being taken, and it is necessary the
Clerk should hear the answer of members.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. If this be voted
on, will it be in order to move to recommit the
resolution to the select committee?
The SPEAKER. If the House refuses to
consider it it will not be in order to make any
motion in regard to it, because it would not be
before the House. The question now is in
reference to its consideration.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 82, not
voting 40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barber, Barnuro, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck,
Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Boarman, Boles, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Coburn, Co-
mingo, Cox, Crebs, Critcher," Crossland, Darrall,
Dodds, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Ely, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, li-nry D. Foster, Getz, Giddings, Goliaday,
Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock,
Handley, Harper. John T. Harris, Joseph R. Haw-
ley, liay, Herefeid, Herndon, Ilibbard, Hoar, Hoi-
man, Kendall, Kerr. King, Kinsclla, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Maclntyie, Manson. Marshall, McClelland,
McCormick, McRenry, McKinney, Merriam, Mer-
rick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Silas L. Niblack, William E. Niblack, Ilosea
W. Parker, Porter, Potter, Prico, Randall. Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Kit-hie, Ellis II.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Sion H.
Rogers, Roosevelt, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Worthington C. Smith, Speer. Stevens, Ste-
venson, Storm, Sutherland, Swann. Terry, Dwight
Townsend. Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden, Warren,
Wells. Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, John T. Wil-
son, AVinchester, Wood, and Young—118.
NAYS — Messrs. Averill, Barry, Bufliiiton, Bun-
nell, Burdett. Roderick R. Butler, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Crocker, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Esty, Farwell, Charles Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Hale, Halscy, Ilarmer, George R Harris,
Havens, John B. Ilawley, Hays, John W. Hazelton,
Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Keteham, Kil-
linger, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch. Maynard, Mc-
Crary, MeGrew, MeKee, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Prindle, Rainey,
John Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace,
Whitelev. and Williams of Indiana—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, James B.
Beck, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Brooks, Cobb, Conner, Creely, Davis, Dawes, Eld-
redge, Forker, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Hanks,
Gerry W. Hazelton, Kelley, Lowe, McJunkin, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Isaac C. Parker, Perry, Poland,
Rusk, Scofield, See'.ey, Slocum, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Sypher, Taffe, Tuthill, Upson, Voorhees,
Waddell, Williams of New York, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—40.
So the House agreed to consider the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SPEER. Mr. Speaker, I am satisfied
from conversation with the Chair that I mis-
understood the purport of the remark made
by him to me a few moments ago; that instead
of being personal it was said in a jocular way,
and was not personal, and I therefore desire
to make this statement in justice t.o the Chair
as v, ell as to myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gladly recog-
nizes the statement of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. His remark was only in the
way of pleasantry, and he regretted very much
at the time it was taken differently by the gentle-
man. He only intended it in that vein.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to submit a sub-
stitute for the resolution.
Mr. SPEER. I will yield to have it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas by the report of the special committee
it appears that William D. Kelley, a member of
this House from Pennsylvania, has speculated in
the stock of a corporation whose interests depend
directly upon thelegislationofCongressr.Theret'ore,
Resolved, That this House censures such action as
incompatible with the proper discharge of the duties
of a member of Congress.
Mr. SPEER. I do not yield to have that
offered as a substitute.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let me offer a substi-
tute.
Mr. SPEER. I will yield to have it read.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman will
accept it, it will dispose of this whole matter.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House, it is
in violation of public policy for members of Congress
to invest and speculate in stocks, bonds, and securi-
ties of railroads the value of which results from and
depends upon congressional grants of subsidies in
Government bonds or public lands.
Mr. SPEER. I do not yield to that to be
offered.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman will
yield so that substitute may be pending, it will
end this whole matter.
Mr. SPEER. I yield to the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] to have a substi-
tlltG F6£tci
Mr. H AWLEY, of Connecticut. I offer the
following as a substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
Revolved, That the committee of which Hon.LuKK
P. Poland is chairman be instructed to report
whether, in their opinion, upon the evidence before
them, any further action is necessary to manifest
thejudgment of the House upon the connection of
members with the Credit Mobiiier of America, or in
general with corporations dependent upon national
legislation.
. Mr. SPEER. I do not yield for that. If
the House will second the call for the previous
question I will yield half my hour to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania or his friends.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 hope no gentleman will be
stricken down in half an hour without an
opportunity of defense.
Mr. SPEER. I was going to add that after
yielding to any gentleman on the other side
for discussion I reserve to myself the closing
hour.
Mr. DICKEY. After the previous question
is seconded, does the gentlemen have an hour
reserved ?
The SPEAKER. He would not be entitled
to an hour after the previous question is sec-
onded, because this is not a report of a com-
mittee.
Mr. SPEER. Am I not now entitled to an
hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
now to an hour. And at the close of the de-
bate he would be entitled to an hour, but not
after the previous question is seconded.
Mr. SPEER. All I desire is to have an
hour to myself to close debate after giving the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and his friends
all the time they desire.
Mr. SARGENT. What does the gentleman
consider as now pending?
Mr. SPEER. My resolution.
M. L. MYERS. When the gentleman
speaks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and his friends, does he mean to say that he
is not one of the friends of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. SPEER. I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should be seconded that cuts off all debate.
Mr. DICKEY. And prevents the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] from
being heard in his own defense.
Mr. SPEER. I desire to ask the Chair, if
the House shall second the demand for the
previous question whether I would not be en-
titled to an hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would
not.
Mr. SPEER. Am I entitled to an hour
now ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. SPEER. Very well; does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania desire half an hour?
Mr. DICKEY. I do not.
Mr. SPEER. I was addressing my remark
not to the successor ot'Thaddeus Stevens, but
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania who is
affected by the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who offers
the resolution proposes that the gentleman
affected by it shall occupy half his hour.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, while I do not
wish to ask a favor of this House, and shall
not do it, I am about to request it to be true
to its own honor and the rights of its members.
I stand before the bar of my country about to
be adjudged, and I wish to bring to the attea-
