1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
snap judgment. Audi alteram partem, should
be, of all things in this world, the motto of
every deliberative assembly, as it is the motto
of every just judge.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPEER. Understanding that I have
forty-five minutes remaining, I yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, it ap-
pears to me that fair play and even-handed
justice requires that this resolution should be
referred to the committee in order that further
testimony may be heard, and that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] may
have an opportunity to call witnesses to settle
the question of veracity raised between him
and the witness againsthitn. I am not willing
to condemn William D. Kelley, of Penn-
sylvania, on the testimony of Oakes Ames, of
Massachusetts. That is where the issue lies.
The committee find unanimously, on the
testimony before them, that the story of Oakes
Ames is true. They appear to have believed
him in order to damn him. If his testimony
is true, as they find it to be, then I should be
compelled to vote to censure William D.
Kelley. But they must find it upon the col-
lateral testimony and circumstantial evidence.
It cannot be that this committee believed the
word of the man they report for expulsion
from this House, his bare and unsupported
word, against the word of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. It must be that those vouch-
ers, those props and balances, that infernal
memorandum book, [laughter,] and ail that
sort of stuff that has been brought into this
case, turned the balance against William D.
Kelley.
Here, sir, is the finding of the committee,
based on the testimony of Oakes Ames :
" Thecommitteefind from the evidence, that in tho
early part of the second session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, and piobably tn December, 1867, Mr. "Ames
agreed with Mr. Kelley to sell him ten shares of
Credit Mobilier stock at par and interest from July 1,
1867. Mr. Kelley was not then prepared to pay for
the stock, and Mr. Ames agreed to carry the stock
for him until he could pay for it. On the 3d day of
January, 1868, there was a dividend of eighty per
cent, on Credit Mobilier stock in Union Pacific
bonds. Mr. Ames received the bonds, as the stock
[■tood in his name, and sold them for ninety-seven
per oent. ot their hi en. In June, 1868, there was a
cash dividend of sixty per cent., which Mr. Ames
also received. The proceeds of She bonds sold, and
the cash dividends i eccivcd by Mr. Amks, amounted
to $1,376. The par value of the stock and interest
thereon from tho previous July amounted to $1.017;
so that, afier paying for the stock, there was a
balance of dividends due Mr. Kelley of $329. On
the 23d day of June, 1868, Mr. Ames gave Mr. Kel-
ley a cheek for that sum oil the Sergoa.ut-at-Arms
of the House of Representatives, and Mr. Kelley
received the money thereon.
" The committee find that Mr. Kelley then under-
stood that the money he thus received was a balance
of dividends due him alter paying for the stock.
" All the subsequent dividends upon thestockwere
either in Dnion Pacific stock or bonds, and they
were all received by Mr. Ames. In Sep tember, 1868,
Mr. Kelley received from Mr. Ames $750 in money,
which was understood between them to be an ad-
vance to be paid out of dividends. There has never
been any adjustment of tho matter betn een them,
and there is now an entire variance in the testimony
of the two men as to what the transaction between
them was ; but the committee are unanimous in
finding the facts above stated. Tho evidence re-
ported to the House gives some subsequent conver-
sations and negotiations between Mr. Kkllky and
Mr, Ames on this subject. Tho committee do not
deem it material to reter to it in their report."
Now let Mr. Kelley have an opportunity
to call other witnesses ; let him have an op-
portunity to show books, memoranda, and
[accounts; and let us see whether one of the
! best men in this House, one of the best men
iii this country, one of the best men in this
world, has lied, and is to be condemned on
I the testimony of a man whom we have just
I now censured.
| Mr. SPEER addressed the House iu re-
marks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. KELLEY took the floor.
Mr. SPEER. I intend to call the previous
question on the adoption of my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman said he
would yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania referred to in his resolution to speak.
Mr. SPEER. I certainly will if he desires
to be heard, but I understood that he declined
to speak.
Mr. DICKEY. Not at all; the gentleman
will hear from him,
Mr. SARGENT. Let us have fair play.
Mr. SPEER. I wish to call the previous
question then on the conclusion of the remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. If, the gentleman desires
to test the sense of the House on demanding
the previous question, the Chair will recognize
him for that purpose, but he could not give
him the floor at a future time.
Mr. SPEER. I have always intended to
allow the gentleman from Pennsylvania to be
heard. I am in favor of that, and at the con-
clusion of his remarks I should like to have
the previous question seconded.
Air. L. MYERS. You cannot prevent his
being beard ; this House will not submit to it.
Mr. SPEER. I have said nothing which
could give the gentleman occasion for any
remarks of that kind.
Mr, DICKEY. As I understand it, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is now entitled
to the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I will yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. McCrary.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentlemau
from Iowa yield to a motion to take a recess?
Mr, McCRARY. I will at the close of my
remarks.
Mr. Speaker, the proposition which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer]
has made to the House is that the House shall
inflict upon Mr. Kellby, of Pennsylvania, a
harsher punishment than the House has
inflicted upon Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks.
Now, sir, if any gentleman who has read the
testimony taken in this investigation, who has
calmly and fairly considered it, can say that
this is a just and fair proposition, his idea of
justice and fairness is very different from
mine. The proposition that these other gen-
tlemen stand in the same position and are
deserving of the same or greater punishment
than that which was inflicted upon Mr. Oakes
Ames and Mr. James Brooks, is a proposition,
in my judgment, totally unwarranted by the
testimony in the case, and I had almost said
is a monstrous proposition. Here are two
men who were in the conspiracy to rob and
plunder the Government, the one the origin-
ator of the Credit Mobilier scheme, and a con-
tractor by which a great fraud was to be per-
petrated on the Government, and the other a.
Government director, and from the beginning
an active man in the organization of the Credit
Mobilier project. These two men we were
bound to condemn because they were guilty
of acting with a corrupt purpose. These other
gentlemen were approached and induced to
purchase stock.
The testimony shows that they were iiot in-
formed as to the facts. The committee find
unanimously that they were without any guilty
purpose. They simply contracted for a few
shares of this stock ; that is taking the worst
view of the evidence. Now after voting sim-
ply to censure two of the chief actors in the
great fraud it is a remarkable proposition that
these other gentlemen shall be placed in the
same attitude and subjected to the same or
greater punishment. It is a remarkable propo-
sition that the same mark of disgrace shall be
placed upon guilty and innocent alike. Sir,
it would be an act unworthy of the House of
Representatives. We can afford to do no
such wrong as this. There is another reason
why this resolution should not be adopted.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] himself has said he has not had that
full hearing which he deems he is entitled to
before he is condemned.
Sir, that is true. If the committca had pro-
posed to report any resolution for the censure
or the punishment of Mr. Kelley,'of Pennsyl-
vania, it would have been the duty of the com-
mittee to have heard Mr. Kelley further by
witnesses or by counsel; and I am very sure
that a suggestion of that sort came from that
committee, and I suppose I am violating no
confidence when I say that the committee
deemed that inasmuch as they were reporting
nothing, recommending no action in the case
of Mr. Kelley and these other gentlemen,
that it was unnecessary to hear them further
in the matter; and that applies to all the
gentlemen against whom no action was recom-
mended.
As one member of the committee, I say
here to-day that I should not have consented
to have reported any resolution against this
gentleman or any other gentleman whose
name was brought into that investigation with-
out a further hearing. The two gentlemen
against whom we made our report were con-
tinually before the committee, and had every
opportunity to call witnesses and to be heard
by counsel or otherwise. Not so in the case
of Mr. Kelley and the other gentlemen.
1 do not accept all that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] has said as to the
character of the evidence in this case. I agree
that the committee found upon the testimony
that Mr. Kelley contracted to take ten shares
of this stock. But it is not just to say that the
committee have therefore decided that Mr.
Kelley or any other witness who testified
before us is guilty of perjury. Whoever ex-
amines the testimony will simply find a con-
flict such as we have in every case of litigation
in every court of justice.
Is the judge who finds in favor of the one
side or the other to say that the witnesses
against whose testimony he decides have will-
fully and intentionally sworn falsely ? , That is
the proposition that is made here to-day. If
the testimony here is examined it will be found
that Mr. Ames's first statement corroborates
substantially the testimony of Mr. Kelley. It
will be found that there were circumstances
which, in the judgment of the committee, made
it our duty to decide as we did. But it is en-
tirely unjust to say that we have found any-
body guilty of perjury.
But it is enough to say, Mr. Speaker, that
it would be an outrage to place this gentleman
upon the same footing with those who have
been condemned, and that it would also be an
outrage to proceed to judgment against him
when he stands here and says he has not had
that fair and full hearing he desires, and when
such is the fact.
The resolution offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] is not only as
strong in its denunciation of Mr. Kelly of
Pennsylvania, as the resolutions which have
been passed with reference to Mr. Ames and
Mr. Brooks, but it is stronger and harsher in
its terms. There is no resolution of absolute
censure passed against Mr. Brooks and Mr.
Ames, but simply a resolution condemning
their conduct.
Mr. SPEER. " Absolutely condemns" are
the words.
Mr. McCRARY. That is the language.
But everybody knows a vote of formal censure
is something stronger than a resolution con-
demning a member's conduct in a given case.
It is only second, sir, to a resolution of expul-
sion. In my opinion the resolution now pend-
ing and all resolutions touching any of these
gentlemen ought to be disposed of by being-
laid on the table, so that the House may
proceed with the necessary public business.
Mr. SPEER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. McCRARY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPEER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa vote for the resolution if I employ in it
the identical words of the resolution already
adopted?
