87#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27
tenth section, which postpones their lien to the
lien of an equal amountof first mortgage bonds
that might be sold to individuals by the rail-
road companies.
Now, to come back to the question imme-
diately before us, here again I appeal to the
Senator from Vermont. The Senator makes
no provision to test this important legal ques-
tion except to withhold the whole transporta-
tion. Seehow that operates. I may illustrat e
it by the paper before me which he has kindly
furnished me. Here is the Sioux City and
Pacific railroad, a branch that was suddenly
diverted by an act of Congress so as, instead
of going westward, to turn eastward. It runs
from Sioux City to Council Bluffs, down the
beautiful and magnificent valley of the Mis-
souri. It received an enormous land grant, and
it received from the Government of the United
States bonds at the rate of $16,000 a mile, ad-
mitted on all hands to be the most profitable of
all these railroads. In the construction of it
I suppose there was not a hill on the whole
way ; it was right down the valley of the Mis-
souri. I do not know how long it is. Does
it carry any Government transportation? Does
this amendment of my honorable friend give
any remedy against that company ? The total
amount due from that company is $1,968,000,
principal and interest. We have paid forthem
in interest $340,000 If the amendment of
the Senator from Maine is adopted we can
sue the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany for $340,000. If you adopt the amend-
ment suggested by my friend from Vermont,
you would sue that road for $406 41. In
other words, the whole amount of transporta-
tion that we have thus far received from this
company is $400 41. As a matter of course,
as against that company his remedy amounts
to nothing, simply because the Government
has no transportation over it. Take another
case. Take the case of the Western Pacific,
which I suppose is the road from Sacramento
to San Francisco.
Mr. COLE. From Sacramento to San Jos6.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the effect of this
amendment upon that road? Here is a road
again built along a beautiful valley. The
whole amount of Government transportation
thus far on that road is $9,350 25. Suppose
you should reserve and retain in your Treas-
ury this sum, do you suppose they would care
for that? That would be no terror to that
company. But when you come to the Central
Pacific, the whole amount retained by the Gov-
ernment of the United States in the Treasury
on account of transportation is $531,093, and
the amount paid by the United States for them
is over $5,000,000. That is, the amount we
have received by this one half of the transporta-
tion account is only one tenth of the amount we
have paid for the company. That is admitted
on all hands to be the strongest corporation.
The Union Pacific, on account of its location,
on account of its being largely used for trans-
porting Indian supplies, has had reserved from
its money $2,105,000 tor transportation, while
the Central Pacific has only had reserved from
its bonds $531,000. Well may the officers of
the Central Pacific say they do not care if you
reserve the amount of transportation. But if
the claim that was made on behalf of the Uni-
ted States by the Secretary of the Treasury
and Attorney General Akerman be correct,
the Central Pacific owes the United States
over $5,000,000, and the total amount we
have received from them is but $531,000.
It does seem to me, then, that instead of
merely keeping in our Treasury the amount
of transportation over these roads, the true
way is by some legal proceedings to get at the
real legal rights of these parties and ascertain
whether or not this money is due. If the
money is due from the Central Pacific, they
are able to pay, and they will no doubt make
provision to pay. If not, as a matter of course,
it will be forCongress to say how far thisshall
be enforced against them.
Under these circumstances I shall vote foe
the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
If that is voted down, then, as the next best
thing, I shall' vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, because it will raise
the question to a certain extent, but in my
judgment it will not raise it in the best way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] seems to labor under the
apprehension that if my amendment shall be
adopted the Government will have foreclosed
itself from asserting its legal rights, whicli he
undertook to show to the Senate, on Friday
last, were ample without any amendment. I
did not think they were ample. There are
technical difficulties, such as lawyers who are
paid for doing so will raise in courts, and, as
the courts are bound to administer the law as
it is, they are bound to give heed to them, in
the way of gettiug any speedy solution of the
question, if we take the affirmative of the
proposition.
But I wish my friend from Ohio to under-
stand over again that the gist of my propo-
sition is one that ought to commend itself to
his tender consideration; and that is, simply,
under all the circumstances of this matter, as
they have been developed here as to these six
railroads, that the money of the people of the
United States shall not leave the Treasury
until the question is determined, inasmuch as
it is claimed, under a dispute to be sure,
among gentlemen here that they owe us twelve
or thirteen millions, more or less, of interest,
and inasmuch as it is claimed, without any
dispute here, although you see by the report
of the Government directors that the com-
panies dispute it, that five per cent, of the net
earnings of these companies should have been
paid into the Treasury from year to year for
at least two years, and probably for three years
last past, and that would amount to a very
handsome sum of money, probably altogether
to a million dollars, certainly more than half
a million.
I say again that the substance of my propo-
sition, so far as the people and Treasury are
concerned, is to take care that our money does
not leave the pockets of the people in the
Treasury until these companies, who are thus in
default in two respects—in one confessed re-
spect and in another one disputed—shall show,
through the instrumentality of a court of jus-
tice, that they are nevertheless, by the fair com-
pact between the parties, entitled to take this
money. If they are, of course we will stand
by the compact; we will never repudiate it.
If they are not, then we have saved the money
to the people, instead of having it wasted under
color of paying a debt that we do not owe. I
know that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and the protector of the Treasury, will
sympathize with that view of the ease. There
may be difficulties in his mind in the way of
getting at it, there may be no way to reach it,
there tnay be something which stands in the
way, but I know I shall touch his heart, as the
representative of the people in respect to taxa
tion upon their industries, when I state the case
to bim in that way.
What further do we provide? We then pro-
vide a speedy and expeditious and single
remedy in one court of competent jurisdiction,
where all other citizens of the United States
enforce their claims against the Government,
in the favor of every one of these companies
who can demonstrate to that court, or to the
Supreme Court, upon an appeal to their rights,
under the circumstances that I have gone over,
to take this money from the Treasury. What
can be more fair or more tender than that? And I
repeat to the Senator from Ohio that that does
not take away from the United States any
right that it may now have. If any sudden
emergency should occur through which it
would be for the interest of the people that the
President of thi United States should enforce
our ultimate rights, and instantly, to this five
per cent., or to this interest, if we have that
right, he can take it. We do not harass or
embarrass him in the slightest degree; we put
no trammel upon his powers ; and therefore
if speculators or others should buy up the
first mortgage bonds of either of these com-
panies, and undertake to foreclose instantly, in
order to oust them and the United States, too,
we do not embarrass the President of the U nited
States and the Attorney Generalin undertaking
to enforce our rights even at the expense of
having to redeem the interest and the principal,
when it becomes due, upon the first mortgage
boijds. There is the difference.
Now, Mr. President, when you come to this
matter of net earnings you will find that many
of these companies, the two chief ones, have
been receiving large margins of net earnings
over their expenses, as was stated as to the
Central Pacific on Friday.
Now, as to the Union Pacific, it appears from
the report of the Government directors, under
date of September 12, 1872, that the net earn-
ings of the Union Pacific liailroad Company—I
stated those of the Central Pacific on Friday—
for the year ending June 30, 1871, were
$3,443,078 78, and for the year ending June
30, 1872, the net earnings of the same company
were $3,142,132 14, making a total for the two
years last past, of this Union Pacific Company,
of $0,585,210 92. Five per cent, on this amount
would be $329,270 54. Whether the $128,000
that Mr. Oliver Ames, the president of the com-
pany, swears was paid to obtain the act direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay this
mouey over to them in 1871, came out of the
gross earn ings, and thus left the net earnings
stand as they do now, or whether it was paid out
of this balance of net earnings, I do not know.
If it was paid out of the net earnings, we should
still have in theTreasury five percent, on over
$0,000,000 upon that account. You may go
through the Central Pacific in the same way
and you will find that their net earnings (re-
ported differently from the Union Pacific by
the regular directors, man-fashion, showiug
what the balance really is) have been millions
in each of these years. As I said on Friday,
the pretense (for I cannot call it much else)
upon which this money is withheld is simply
the one that they say: net earnings are not
reached until we have paid not only all the
ordinary expenses, repairs, &c., of the run-
ning of the line, but we must have paid the
interest upon all our debt except that upon
yours. That is the way to get at net earnings.
No balance is to be struck as showing the net
gains of the road until we have taken out all
our expenditures upon every class of indebt-
edness except that of the particular creditor
whom we never mean to pay at all and for
whom we provide no fund to meet our liabili-
ties to him at the end of the time for the
maturity of the bonds 1
Mr. President, we may believe that sort of
stuff here, but the people of the United States
will not believe it. Men who are far enough
off from the influence of these corporations
not to feel it in any solid way cannot be made
Jo take that view of the subject. Therefore
it is that it is high time that we hold in the
Treasury every dollar that these companies
earn in performing the duty that they under-
took to do in carrying our mails, our troops,
and our freights, until it is determined what
our rights are in respect to making these bal-
ances and set-offs, and what their rights are
in respect to requiring us to pay the interest
upon their debt and making us no reimburse-
ments or sinking fund at all.
Mr. President, if the amendment of the
Senator from Maine shall be rejected, as I
trust after this discussion it will be ; if we
wish to take the fairest and the tenderest, and
at the same time the most effectual way that
amounts to something in saving money in this
business, I shall then make one or two modi-
fications of the amendment that I offered to
meet the views of my friend from Maine and
my friend from New Jersey, in respect to
