1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
Mr. McCRARY. I will vote for no resolu-
tion punishing any man or censuring any man,
who in my judgment was not guilty of a cor-
rupt purpose in bis dealings with Oakes
Ames, The committee have unanimously
decided and reported to this House that this
gentleman and all the other gentlemen named
were innocent of any corrupt purpose. There-
fore I will oppose any and all resolutions of
censure or of punishment with reference to
them.
I stated that I would move to take a recess
until hall past seven o'clock. I now make
that motion.
Mr. SARGENT. Say eight o'clock.
Mr. McCRARY. I will modify the motion
so as to make the recess extend till eight.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope we will do no
such thing, because it is very manifest that un-
less we sit m permanence we will be unable to
finish the business of the session.
Mr. SARGENT. This matter ought to be
finished up to-night, or an extra session of
Congress will be absolutely necessary.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. M cCeaky, and it was agreed to; and
accordingly (at five o'clook and twenty-five
minutes) the House took a recess until eight
o'clock p.m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House at
eight o'clock p. m. resumed its sgssipn.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 446) to abolish the office
of surveyor at the port of Chester, in Penn-
sylvania, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 488) to carry into "effec'.
the provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, signed in the city of
Washington, the 8th day of May, 1871, relating
to the fisheries;
An act (H. R. No. 2771) for the relief of
Isabella Orange;
An act (H. R. No. 2104) for the relief of
Addison Goodell, of Illinois ;
An act (fiL R. No. 2873) authorizing the
President to appoint Prank M. Ashton a sec-
ond assistant engineer iti the Navy of the Uni-
ted States ;
An act (H. R. No. 3972) to authorize the
construction of a railroad and draw-bridge
across the Genesee river in Monroe county,
New York ;
An act (H. R. No. 4034) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the old
post office property in Chicago;
An act (H. R. No. 3952) to authorize the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Charles'T. Brown and J. J. S.
Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa Indians
of Min- esota, on the grounds of equity and
justice;
An act (S. No. 1482) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to promote the development of
the mining resources of the United States;"
An act (S. No. 1597) to change and fix the
time of holding the spring terms of the United
States circuit and district courts in the cities
of Covington and Paducah, in the State of
Kentucky; and
An act (H. R. No. 3737) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874.
GENEVA AWARD.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
bill in relation to the Geneva award.
Mr. H1BBARD. I object-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had bet-
ter wait until there is a quorum in tho Hall.
Mr. HIBBARD subsequently, withdrew his
objection, and no further objection being made
the conference was ordered.
. Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the conference was
ordered; and also moved that the motions to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LITTLE COTTONWOOD RAIL«OAB.
Mr. HOUGHTON. I ask consent to report
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
for consideration at the present time House
bill No. 3155 to incorporate the Little Cotton-
wood Railroad Company.
Mr. WOOD. What is the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
resolution introduced this afternoon by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania,'[Mr. "SPEER.]
Mr. WOOD. Then I shall object to any
rv.tnAr HnonPCQ * ' * *
Mr. DICKEY.- I call for the regular order,
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed gen-
tlemen would not dasire to go on with that
business until there was a fuller attendance
of members.
Mr. HOUGHTON subsequently said: 1
understand the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] withdraws his objection to the
consideration of the bill (or the incorporation
of the Little Cottonwood Railroad Company.
Mr. KERR. I renew theobjectioq.
john condlin.
Mr. HILL. House bill No. 2553, granting
a pension to John Condlin, has been returned
from the Senate with an amendment. I ask
consent that that amendment may be con-
curred in.
The amendment was read. It was to insert
after the words "John Condlin'' the words
" who enlisted under the name of John Cond-
lin."
No objection was made, and the amendment
was concurred in.
personal explanation
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The rer
port in the morning papers of this city, giving
what purports to be my remarks on yester-t
day in regard to Mr. whittporke, of Ten-
nessee, is wholly incorrect. They will appear
correctly in the Globe.
senatorial investigating committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Senate has
sent us another bill appropriating a sum of
money to pay the expenses of one of their in-
vestigating committees. They send word here
that, they desire that bill passed in order that
they may pay their witnesses. I ask that it
may be now put on its passage.
The bill (S. No. 1646) to provide for the
expenses of the investigation of alleged frauds
in the recent senatorial election in Kansas,
and making an appropriation of $10,000 for
that purpose, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read three times, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
widow of thomas .t. speer.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, aud adopted :
Reeolved, That the Clerk of the House be author-
ized and directed to pay out of the contingent fund
of the House, to Mrs. Lucy Speer, widow of Thomas
Jefferson Speer, deceased, late & Representative in
Congress from the fourth district of Georgia, a sum
equal to his salary from the date of his death until
the end of the present session.
Mr. WHITELEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRAOTIOSTATi PARTS OS1 BARRELS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimousconsent to
have taken from the Speaker's table- and
passed, at this time, Seriate, bill No. 1581,
•^elating .to the fractional parte of Barrels con-
taining fermented liquors. . , r
. The SPEAKER. The bill, will be read,
after which objections to its present considera-
tion will be iu order. - . < -?
The bill provides- that section eighteen of
the act entitled "An act to reduce duties am
imports, and to reduce internal taxes,- and for
other purposes," approved-June 6,1872, shall
be amended by striking out the proviso of said
section and inserting a provision to the effect
that in estimating and computing internal taxes
•on all beer, lager beer, ale, porter, or other
fermented liquors by whatever name called,
the fractional parts of a barrel shall be halves,
thirds, quarters, sixths, and eighths'; that any
fractional part of a barrel containing less than
one eighth-shall be counted one eighth^ more
than one eighth and less-than one" sixth, as
one sixth ; more than one sixth'and-less- than
onefourth, as onefourth; more than one fourth
and less than one' third; as one third; more
than one third and not more than one half, as
one half-; more than one half and hot- more
than one barrel, as-One barrel; and more than
one barrel and not more than sixty-three gal-
lons, as two barrels or a hogshead.
- Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. That is a Sen-
ate bill, originating there in violation of the
rights of this House. It is a section -taken
from a bill which we-sent to themj-and" which
fefll they refuse to pass. . •'
Mr. SARGENT. 1 know the gentleman is
in- favor of the bill. He is aware- that by an
accidental omission from the last revenue bill
thirds of a barrel were left out. He knows
also -that in tho Pacific States, where thirds
are used, about three fourths of a million dol-
lars are involved in this legislation. ' 1 know
the. gentleman considers this bill to be right,
for it passed the House on his own motion,
with two or three other items. The Senate
have sent us back this bill without consenting
to the other portions of our bill. I admit the
irregularity of the proceeding, but on account
of the great loss that, will result to the Pacifie
coast if this bill is not passed I trust he will not
object to it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I admit that tho
bill is right; we have passed a bill containing
the same provision; but the Senate refused to
consider our bill and seat us one oftheirown,
when they had no right to originate a hill of
this kind. I therefore object.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 make the suggestion
that this bill be treated as a House bill, be
passed and sent to the Senate as a House bill
containing only this provision. -
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Sargent] asks unanimous con-
sent to have passed a bill iu the same language
as this Senate bill.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have ho objec-
tiott to that.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 4054) was- iutroduced, read three times,
and passed.
- Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was ngreed ,to.
The SPEAKER. " The, bill* of the Senate
will remain on the Speaker's-table.
VA.Y OP H0UHK RMPLOYfe.
Mr. MAYNARI). I wish to offer a resolu-
tion ; 'and I beg the House to hear a single
word upon it. Our employ6s will be detained
here after Our adjournment ; and unless we
pass such a resolution as 1 am about to offer,
there will be no means of pajing them. I
therefore ask unanimous consent to submit
the following resolution; _ _
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
