1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
liam D. Kelley, of Pennsylvania, or any
member of his family? No man, sir ; for my
life has given the lie to such suspictons. Says
the resolution, he has been speculating in
the stock of the Credit Mobilier of America.
I denounce the allegation as false and un-
founded. In the twelve years that I have been
a member Congress I have bought one bond,
not in my own person, but through my coun-
sel, Henry C. Townsend of Philadelphia, and
through the same hand, without ever having
seen it, have sold it; and if that be specula-
tion in stocks and bonds, then have I erred in
denouncing that allegation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have said, the time
has not come for arguing my case; nor do I
mean to do it. But a becoming respect to this
House—and I desire to treat it with all due
respect—requires me in suggesting the pro-
priety of pausing long enough to make some
inquisition into the correctness of the findings
of the committee, so far as they relate to me,
to say that if I have owned Credit Mobilier
stock I have not known it. If I have received
the dividends of Credit Mobilier, I have not so
understood it. That I have owed Oakes Ames
$1,000 borrowed money I have believed. I
have given the committee evidence in answer
to the question whether it was not a little re-
markable that I should permit the loan to
stand so long—evidence very painful to me
to disclose, but which in vindication of my
good name I gladly disclosed; that from cir-
cumstances involving no culpability on my
part my life during my whole congressional
career has been a terrible struggle against
adverse fortune—a struggle which has only
been relieved by the kindness of generous
friends who believed that if I could hold on
to the building lots and land I had purchased
with my professional savings- they would be
reimbursed and there would be something for
the support of my widow and children if I
should be summoned hence.
And in making that statement I have an-
swered satisfactorily to my own conscience and
to my own judgment for the delay that might
otherwise have looked suspicious.
Before your committee, Mr. Speaker, if I
am permitted to appear before it, this will be
among the evidence I shall adduce: that
on the 7th of June, 1869—mark you, gentle-
men, mark you, Mr. Speaker—I am charged
with holding since 1868 Credit Mobilier stock
or with having it held in trust for me, and with
receiving from it or being entitled to receive
dividends from it, so enormous that they alone
should have admonished me that the transac-
tion involved in its purchase was not fair and
honest—I say, sir, that among the evidence I
shall adduce will be the officers of the Trades-
men's Bank of Philadelphia to prove that on
the 7th of June, 1869, there was withdrawn
from a box long on deposit in that institution,
ten §1,000Union Pacific railroad bonds; that
they were carried by their owner to the parlor
of the president of the Fidelity Trust and In-
surance Company of Philadelphia, and in my
absence left there as collateral security for a
loan to be made to me by that company of
$7,000 at six per cent.
The understanding was with Hon. N. B.
Browne, the president, that I was to pay the
institution its fees for holding these bonds as
a safe deposit, and that I was to pay them
six per cent, and five per cent, to the owner
of the bonds on whatever sum was loaned
thereon, so that the $7,000 was to cost me, as
long as 1 retained it as a loan, eleven per cent.,
and ten dollars per annum as a fee for guaran-
tying the safety of the bonds. And the records
of Philadelphia will show that on the next day,
the 8th of June, 1869,1 put on records mort-
gage on unimproved and somewhat encumbered
real estate to indemnify the owner of these
bonds against loss by their use as collateral
security for me. Sir, if I had known that I was
the owner of stock and bonds of the Union
Pacific railroad, I should hardly in my poverty
42d Cong. 3d Sesa.—No. 116.
have paid $360 a year for a loan of such secur-
ities insufficient amount to save my property.
Sir, this will be among the testimony that I
shall offer, and the witnesses referred to are
illustrative of the charcter of the many wit-
nesses I shall produce.
Sir, I pray nothing from the favor of my as-
sociates on either side of the House. I ask
them to deal out nothing but equal justice to
me, and in their own behalf I ask them to do
it according to law. That is all I wish. What
becomes of me is of little importance now.
They who were old men when 1 entered this
House, Stevens, Wickliffe, Crittenden and
others, have long slept the quiet sleep of death.
They who are now the white-headed leaders of
the House to-day were in the vigor of man-
hood when we first answered the roll-call. I
felt myself then to be a young man; but with
three years of broken health I approach the
threshold of threescore years, feeling that the
strength which might add another ten years to
life is not accorded to me. It is not therefore
for myself that I plead when I ask you to main-
tain the law and to give to me as a member ot
the American Congress those privileges which
are secured to the vagrant, to him who is
charged with petit larceny or to the assassin who
has deliberately murdered his brother-man.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, after the re-
marks of my colleague, demanding that we
allow him that which wegrantto all men, a hear-
ing and a trial before conviction, I might safely
leave this question even to this House. I am
not going to speak of my great admiration for
this assembly. I do not entertain any such great
admiration. There has been a disposition in
this House to determine for themselves that
they are a court of review to review and deter-
mine whether the people of this country in
their individual districts are fit to send mem-
bers here who are fit to associate with mem-
bers from other districts. I have been here
some five years and am about voluntarily to
take my departure. I do not think this body a
supremely competent body to act on matters
of mere taste. But, Mr. Speaker, that ques-
tion has been passed upon, or rather passed
over and not passed upon.
We have before us now an extraordinary
resolution, introduced by an extraordinary
young gentleman from an extraordinary dis-
trict in an extraordinary State, Pennsylvania,
[Laughter.] And that extraordinary resolu-
tion of that extraordinary young man, vocifer-
ouly maintained, contains the proposition that
a special jury, a committee of this House,
having found as a matter of fact a special ver-
dict that William D. Kelley was not influ-
enced by corrupt motives, therefore the spe-
cial verdict of that special jury was wrong,
and that William D. Kelley ought to be
expelled. And the gentleman says that this
is a special verdict, and he wants to enter
judgment upon a special verdict.
Now, he is an extraordinary lawyer who, on
a special verdict, where the animus of the
whole thing depends upon the verdict, and it is
found that a man has not been influenced by
a corrupt motive, offers to expel him for a
corrupt motive on that special verdict. Learned
in the laws is my youngfriend, I have no doubt.
I am talking to the lawyers of this House.
The special verdict is that there was no cor-
ruption on the part of William D. Kelley, and
therefore my extraordinary young friend sets
forth in his resolution that whereas the said
dividendarose from a corrupt contract, &c., of
which William D. Kelley was cognizant,
although the committee composed of three
Republicans and two Democrats found exactly
the reverse of that 
Mr. SPEEE. My resolution does not set
that forth.
Mr. DICKEY. It is in esse..
Mr. SPEER. Read it and you will see.
Mr. DICKEY. I did read it; I have read
it. Now, my young friend is honest; there is
no doubt about that; he is honest in his
motive, he is honest in his purpose; that is
unquestioned and unquestionable, because he
has told us so, and of course he knows.
[Laughter.] He has made this motion from
the highest motives of public duty, so he says;
and he having asserted it, it is not for me to
contradict it. He has thrown aside every feel-
ing of the partisan; he is a mere judge. He
knows it; it is so, because he has said it. And
he was not satisfied with saying it once, and
twice, and thrice, but he said it often enough
to convince himself, if he convinced nobody
else on earth. [Laughter.]
He chose this afternoon to allude to me as
the successor of Thaddeus Stevens. Now let
me give him one piece of advice, which I can
do by telling a story which Thaddeus Stevens
once told me. Mr. Stevens went into partner-
ship in a large business transaction with a
man in Pennsylvania, who was supposed to be
very tricky; that was his general reputation.
I said to him, "Mr. Stevens, the reputation
of that man is that he is very tricky.'' Said
he, "You are mistaken, sir; the public are
mistaken ; I know he is an honorable man; I
have that upon the highest authority, for he
told me so himself." Just so with my extra-
ordinary young friend. But the result was
that Mr. Stevens was cheated out of $20,000.
Now, whether my extraordinary young friend
was honest or not, whether he was or not actu-
ated by the high and pure motive of a judge,
whether he did disarm himself of every pos-
sible partisan consideration on earth, is rather
immaterial to this question, rather immaterial;
but his resolution reverses, perverts and stul-
tifies the action of a committee of this House.
Now I do not know but a man may offer such
a resolution and be pure and honest and holy.
But I want to tell my extraordinary young
friend another thing before I am done. He
said he was born on the soil of Pennsylvania ;
that he had lived under the blue skies and by
the side of the pure streams of that great
State. He said that when his bones, if he
has bones, came to be laid in their last rest-
ing place, he wished them to be laid in those
valleys and by the side of those streams.
And he said one other thing. He said that
he spoke of the State of Pennsylvania with
reverence, and of William D. Kelley- with
humiliation. God forgive him; God forgive
the old Commonwealth that could send forth a
quarter sessions lawyer from any county in the
State, who would ask to have the State forgiven
for having produced William D. Kelley on
her soil. Sir, William D. Kelley, the me-
chanic, has fought his own career up till he
got here. He was a judge, as the extraordin-
ary young gentleman called him, Judge Kel-
ley. Ay, he was a judge who left the ermine
unstained and as white as snow. He is a man
who stood by the interests of that great old
State, ou the Committee of Ways and Means,
and on the Railroad Committee; a man whose
best proof of honesty to-day is his poverty.
Great God! that a quarter sessions lawyer
from the mountains should come down here
to talk about Pennsylvania being humiliated
by one of her truest and best men!
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have said about all
that it is necessary to say about this Sfeer
from the mountains of Pennsylvania, and I
yield ten minutes to my friend from Michigan
[Mr. Stoughton] to talk upon the subject
immediately under consideration.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I have watched this
discussion with deep and almost painful inter-
est. I have had no disposition to force my
opinions or my thoughts upon the attention of
the House ; but this question has now assumed
a shape so remarkable, so far outside of the
usual course of procedure, that it occurs to
me it is time a full and fair expression should
be had from the members of the House.
What is the case before us? For two long
days we have been sitting here upon a trial
and an inquest. The evidence was fairly and
fully taken before a committee of this House.
