882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order. There is but one amendment pending,
and an amendment to that amendment is in
order,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps the
Senator was not paying attention to what I
said.
Mr. CASSERLY. The difficulty is, that
there was so much conversation about me
that it was not possible for me to hear .dis-
tinctly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. When the Sen-
ator closed, I stated that there seemed to be
a contrariety of opinion as to these two prop-
ositions, and with a view of bringing the Sen-
ate to a direct vote, I proposed to withdraw
my amendment that the Senate might vote
first on the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, with the understanding on my part
that I should renew my amendment again, pro-
vided his proposition was not agreeable' to the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. When the father of a
child disowns it or abandons it—I do not
know which—perhaps it is like intermeddling
for anybody else, even in a vicarious sort of
way, to assume the duties of paternity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly know
what answer to make to that suggestion. I
adopted my course with a view to facilitate
the business of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I stated a moment ago
that I had not decided whether to support the
amendment of the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] or that of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds.] I may say now, though
I did not say so then, that, contrary to my first
impression, the tendency of my mind is to-
ward the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, and upon this ground : that it seems
to embrace the whole subject very thoroughly.
Perhaps it would be a uselesss consumption of
time for me to reoffer the amendment after the
Senator from Maine has withdrawn it. I wish,
however, to say a few words in regard to the
merits of the subject that has occupied so
much of the time of the Senate, by no means
unprofitably, for the last two or throe days of
our session.
When the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] stated a while ago in opening his remarks
that he had voted against the amendment to
tbe Army bill of March 3, 1871, I could not
but feel that I wished I were able to say as
much for myself, and that my record were as
clear as his upon that point. I confess that I
voted for that amendment; and as the first
reparation that I should make is to admit the
error, I do so frankly. I'think I was wrong.
Now, with my present lights, my decided judg-
ment is that 1 was wrong. I have but this
excuse—for it is not a justification—that in
doing so I followed the report of the J udiciary
Committee, a committee which includes a full
share of the best lawyers in the Senate.
I confess, also, when I voted for the amend-
ment to the Army bill, that so far from being
animated by a desire to oppress or even to injure
the railroad companies, my wish was, as far
as I could consistently with my duty to the
general good, to relieve them from a pecuniary
difficulty which it was declared on all hands in
the Senate was a difficulty they could not well
bear. In other words, the statement here by
the peculiar advocates of the railroads was
that to withdraw from them the whole of the
compensation earned by them from the Gov-
ernment for transportation would very seri-
ously embarrass them financially. Now, it is
otherwise. Now we have every reason to
think, at least every Senator will so think if he
will lead the documents now on our desks and
which were Sent here the last session and this
session in answer to resolutions of mine, that
the plea of financial embarrassment promi-
nently put forward in March, 1871, was not
well-founded then, at least as to some of these
companies, and has become very much less
so since. In other words, the sworn official
accounts of the two great Pacific railroads the
Union Pacific and the Central Pacific, now on
our desks, show the net earnings of the Cen-
tral Pacific to have been during the past year
$5,000,000; while the financial exhibit of the
Union Pacific, though not so flattering, is
still by no means discouraging. The net earn-
ings of the Union Pacific are very considerable,
and seem to me to be entirely sufficient to
enable that company also to pay the interest
accruing during the year ending June 30, 1872 ;
and sufficient also to pay the five per cent, on
net earnings, payable on the completion of the
road. The Central Pacific ia in still better
condition. With its great annual revenue of
five millions clear, it can afford with ease to
pay up the interest due the United States and
the five per cent, net earnings also. It should
have paid them without waiting for this discus-
sion and the pressure of a nearly unanimous
Senate.
Under such circumstances, the question
of financial embarrassment to the railroads,
though as usual it has been brought forward
here, is not in this debate. I am not sorry to
think so, because I can have no possible inter-
est in subjecting these great companies to
financial embarrassment. 1 had not, two years
ago, when I voted for the amendment for their
relief. I am not sure but that, unconsciously,
this feeling may have colored my views at
that time, though I was mainly, indeed al-
most wholly, controlled by the report of the
Judiciary Committee.
Not a great while ago it happened that I
read over carefully the report of the Judiciary
Committee without any special reference to
its subject-matter. Its conclusions, even on
the face of the report, were not satisfactory.
More recently since, I examined the subject
by the light of the report and the statutes, and
I have no manner of doubt now that these
companies are liable to pay to the United
States the whole of the interest paid by the
United States on the bonds. Whether this is
by the application of the whole of the moneys
earned for transportation—as I think it is—-or
otherwise, is not so material to the present
issue. I will state the reasons that brought me
to this view of the subject. If, in so doing, I
have to criticise the report of the Judiciary
Committee, it is not for the sake of criticism,
but to fortify my own conclusions.
What seems to me the controlling error of
the Judiciary report is the assumption that the
bonds issued by the United States to the rail-
road companies are not payable by them
until thirty years from the date of issue, and
that consequently the interest is not payable
any sooner. I may remark now in passing
that this view confounds two things that differ
as to their maturity. The bonds mature when
they are due, which may be at the end of
thirty years. The interest matures when it is
due; that is, yearly or semi-yearly. The two
things have no necessary connection as to their
maturity. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] suggests to me not to lose sight of the
five per cent, of net profits. I do not lose sight
of them. The other day I offered in the Sen-
ate, and the Senate adopted, a resolution
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
inform us whether the five per cent, net profits
had been paid over by any of these companies
since the completion of their roads, and if
not, why not. To that resolution I regret no
response has yet come from the Treasury,
though we may assume they have not been
paid. So that the Senator from Ohio will see
that I have not forgotten the five per cent, net
profits. Coming back to my line of remark, I
repeat that the error of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, as it seems to me, (and I say it with
unaffected deference to such authority,) was
in assuming that the bonds did not mature so
as to be payable until the end of thirty years,
and hence that the interest was not payable
any sooner, except as to both, of course, to
the extent of one half the compensation for
transportation due from the Government.
Now, Mr. President, whatever difficulties
there may be in construing the laws of Con-
gress relating to these railroads, one thing is
abundantly clear. It is that, throughout, the
leading idea of Congress was that, as between
the United States and the railroad companies,
the bonds and the interest were to mature, so
as to be payable before the end of the thirty
years. This is very plain in the first act, that
of 1862. Let us see. Take section six, which
regulates the subject from the first. The lan-
guage is:
"That all compensation for services rendered for
the Government shall be applied to the payment of
said bonds and interest, until the whole amount is
fully paid."
This means, of course, at any time, and
from time to time, as the compensation should
be earned. In this sense the bonds were at
maturity, so as to be payable all the while
until they were " fully paid." This, and
nothing else, is meant by the language in the
first part of section six, " the grants are upon
condition that said company shall pay said
bonds at maturity." The judiciary report
lays stress upon the tenor of the bonds, " pay-
able in thirty years." This is as between the
United States and the holders merely. It has
nothing whatever to do with the obligation of
the companies to the United States, and is
never, I think, mentioned in that connection.
In respect of that obligation the law is abso-
lute, that the whole compensation should be
applied from time to time in the payment of
the bonds and interest, until the whole amount
of the bonds and interest should be fully paid.
What more does the same section provide ?
Passing over one paragraph, which I shall
return to, the section provides:
"After said road is completed, until said bonds
and interest are paid, at least five per cent, of the
net earnings of said road shall also be annually
applied to the payment thereof."
Again we see very plainly, so that there is no
mistaking it, that the bonds and interest were
to be at maturity so as to be payable any time
when there was anything from the roads to pay
them with, though long before the end of the
thirty years. It is perfectly impossible to say
that under such provisions as I have just read
the companies could postpone the full pay-
ment of the bonds and interest until the end
of the thirty years. On the contrary, two
funds were set apart to pay them with from
the first. One was the compensation for ser-
vices rendered by the railroads. The other
was the five per cent, net earnings after the
roads were completed. Both funds would
exist long before the end of the thirty years;
the compensation fund possibly at once upon
the completion of the road; the five per cent,
fund at any time afterward. Whenever they
came into existence, whether in the first or
any other year after completion, they were at
once applicable upon the bonds and interest,
and the bonds and interest were at maturity so
as to be payable, and continued to be " until,"
in the words of the act, " they were fully paid."
Congress never meant that the United States
should wait for payment of bonds and interest
until the end of thirty years. Congress meant
to lay down and it did lay down for the roads
the sound rule "pay as you go." In much
of its Pacific railroad policy Congress was un-
wise. It was unwise in bestowing direct upon
the roads more than sixty millions of bonds
and more than an equivalent amount in lands.
Better, far better, if it had not given these
millions of bonds. Still better if it had not
vested the public acres by millions in corpor-
ations to hold with the iron grasp of land
monopoly. Far better it would have been had
Congress provided that the United States
should guaranty the interest at say six or
seven, or even ten per cent., and kept our
bonds and our public lands.
