1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
888
At the very time we were giving away our
bonds and our lands with the prodigality of a
foolish heir just let into a boundless estate,
Great Britain much more wisely effected the
building of more than four thousand miles of
railroad in India, through a country in great
part far more difficult than the country over
which our roads were built, by a simple guar-
antee of five per cent, interest upon a sum
of one hundred and twenty million pounds
sterling. But, sir, unwise, wasteful, reckless,
if you will, as was the legislation of Congress
in those days, Congress never proposed any-
thing so unwise, so wasteful, or so reckless as
it would have been to say that under no cir-
cumstances were the United States to be able
to compel the payment of these bonds and the
interest on them, or any portion of them, until
the end of thirty years.
Why, sir, could anything be more forcible
than the view presented by the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] last Friday? He
said the idea that the United States was to
be bound to pay for thirty years the interest
of fifty-five or sixty million dollars of bonds
issued to these two companies, without any
right to recover back the interest from them,
except at the end of thirty years, and then to
get back just what we had paid out, losing the
use of the money for all that time, was such a
proposition as would strike any man with the
slightest ideas of business as utterly inadmis-
sible and preposterous, so much so that nothing
but the plainest language in the law would
justify our accepting it here under our respons-
ibilities as the Senate of the United States.
This argument, drawn from the gross im-
probability of the opposite view, is immensely
fortified by the report which is on our desks
from the Secretary of the Treasury, sent here
last May in answer to a resolution from me.
In that report it is distinctly shown that at the
rate of payment by the railroad companies of
the interest upon the bonds up to the date of
the report, the total amount due by them to the
United States at the end of thirty years will be
$151,000,000. In addition to that, the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, also sent here
upon my resolution, about the same time,
shows that the two companies, the Union Pa-
cific and the Central Pacific, have first mort-
gage bonds in favor of private mortgagees out-
standing to very nearly an equal amount with
the bonds issued by the United States. What
then, sir, is the aggregate that the United
States, as the second mortgagees, will have to
face at the end of thirty years? It will be an
aggregate of an indebtedness to the United
States and to the holders of the bonds under
the first mortgage, without counting interest
on the latter, of over $200,000,000.
If, then, the United States are to wait for
any payment on their bonds and interest until
the end of thirty years, what security have
they for all this hundred and fifty millions?
They have none whatever. The first mortgage
will take the roads and all their property.
That is all there is of it. The strongest of the
roads to-day is the Central Pacific, with its
great revenues of five millions yearly. Yet,
at the rate it has been going on thus far in
paying off its debt to the united States, it
will owe, (with the Western Pacific,) at the
end of thirty years, $73,000,000 to the United
States, besides nearly twenty-eight millions
on the first mortgage for principal alone. If
the Central Pacific is to do no better in pay-
ing off its debt to the United States hereafter
than it has done heretofore, who believes that
at the end of thirty years the second mortgage
of the United States for over one hundred
millions will be of any value as against the
first mortgage ?
In view of all this, is it not plain what onr
duty is if we can see the law clear for it? Is
it not our daty at once to take such measures
as will protect the interest of the United States
in these roads, as will save something, anupro-
teet the interest of the country, by requiring
these companies, so far as we can, to pay off,
to the extent of their abilities and according
to law, these bonds and the interest falling due
upon them from time to time, " until," as the
act says "they are fully paid ?" There is no
other safety for the United States, or indeed
for the companies themselves. It is due to
them, as well as to ourselves, to provide for the
enforcement of the laws of Congress requir
ing a reduction of the debt, bonds, and inter-
est, all the time, " until they are fully paid."
Further to show that the idea of paying off
this debt as we went along was prominent in
the legislative mind at the time of the passage
of the act of 1862, let us glance at another
clause of the same section six. It is the clause
to which I said a while ago I should refer:
"Said company may also pay the United States,
wholly or in part, in the same or other bonds, Treas-
ury notes, or other evidences of debt against the
United States, to be allowed at par."
Taking the original act of 1862, it is perfectly
clear that the intent and the language of Con-
gress were that the bonds and interest should
be paid off, from time to time steadily, " un-
til they were fully paid,'' out of the two funds
already mentioned. It was even contemplated
that the companies might pay them off in the
securities of the United States, to betaken at
par. So the law stood in 1862, plain and pos-
itive. Has any modification since been made
on that head; and if so, what? The only
modification is the section, so much relied on,
in the act of 1864. I refer, of course, to sec-
tion five of the act. The language is :
"And that only one half of the compensation for
services rendered for the Government by said com-
panies shall be required to be applied to the pay-
ment of the bonds issued by the Government in aid
of the construction of said roads."
Observe the words—" only one half shall be
applied to the payment of the bonds," nothing
being said of the interest.
Reading that provision with the provisions of
the act of 1862 in the light of the plain intent
of Congress, one thing seems to me very clear:
that the act of 1864 does not abandon the
policy of paying off the bonds and interest out
of the two funds "until they were fully paid."
It merely modified the policy to the extent
specified, namely, that instead of applying the
whole of the compensation upon the bonds
and interest generally, only one half the com-
pensation was to be applied upon the bonds,
leaving the Other half to be applied upon the
interest as far as it would go.
It is strenuously argued that because, by the
act of 1864, Congress intended to benefit the
companies in one respect by postponing the
mortgage of the United States to a new
mortgage, to be made by the companies,
therefore Congress intended the £Jnited States
should also surrender one half of the means
of payment of the interest, of which nothing is
said, furnished by the compensation fund. As
well might it be argued that the United States
also gave up the five per cent, on the net earn-
ings after completion, because nothing is said
of them either. As to them it is conceded
that they are payable by the roads.
The presumption is all the other way: that
in giving up the first lien of mortgage the Uni-
ted States were rather more firmly to hold on
to the funds which had always stood as the
resources for paying the debts due by the
companies. To overcome this presumption,
founded alike on the statute and common
sense, requires something more than implica-
tions from the silence of the law or expres-
sions in debate.
But, if there still remains the smallest doubt
on this point with any Senator, I beg him to
turn with me to the latter part of the same
section ten of the act of 1864, which has been
referred to already by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] but in a different light. Sec-
tion ten is the section which postpones the
lien of the United States. After doing that,
it provides that, though the lien of the United
States bonds shall be subordinate to the lien
of the new bonds to be issued, yet this is with
an exception:
" Except as to the provisions of the sixth section
of the aot to which this act is an amendment, relat-
ing to the transmission of dispatches and the trans-
portation of mails, troops, munitions of war, sup-
plies, and public stores for the Government of the
United States."
In other words, while Congress postponed
the lien of the United States, it did no more.
In all other respects the obligations of the
companies remained the same. Congress ex-
pressly reserved all the rights of the United
States under section six of the act of 1862,
which provides for applying the compensation
for services on the bonds and interest "until
they were fully paid." How, then, can you
make the provision I have just read, retaining
the rights of the United States under section
six, sensible, except upon the construction I
have given ? Indeed, we have to read all three
of these provisions together, the two of which
I have just spoken, and the third, the one so
much relied on, that the one half only shall
be applied upon the bonds. Reading all of
them together, the only way in which you can
make them sensible and consistent with each
other is by the construction which I have
pointed out. That is, the rights of payment *
out of the compensation fund were retained
by the United States as under the act of 1862.
The only change was there was a somewhat
different appointment of the fund. Instead
of applying it generally upon bonds and inter-
est, it was applied one half on the bonds, the
other half on the interest.
Another thing is to be observed, that all
through there is an express distinction kept
up between the bonds and the interest. The
bonds are referred to as one substantive obli-
gation ; the interest is referred to as another
substantive obligation. I have found but a
single instance out of a great many where that
is not done, and that instance is evidently an
inadvertence on the part of the legislator.
By this view all the three sections of the two
acts are consistent and harmonious. Any
other view brings section ten of the postpon-
ing act of 1864 into direct conflict with section
six of the same act, that only half the com-
pensation shall be paid, and'into conflict also
with the original section six of the first act,
as reserved and excepted from the effect of
the postponement of the lien of the United
States.
We have heard a great deal said about the
good faith we owe to the railroad companies.
Yes, sir, we do owe good faith to these great
companies. We owe it to them just as we
owe it to the humblest citizen in the land.
We do not owe them any more; we owe them
no less. But is this good faith to be all on
one side? Are there no grounds on which the
railroad companies owe good faith to the Uni-
ted States ? They are here, proclaiming their
own good faith and impugning the good faith
of all who seek to protect the interests of the
whole people. Let me ask, why is_ it that not
one of these railroads has yet paid into the
Treasury five per cent, of the net earnings
since completion? There could not be a more
significant illustration of the temper of these
companies, or of the temper of their advo-
cates, than the suggestion made here the other
day that the five per cent, has not been paid
because the roads were not completed. " Not
completed," sir, for the purpose of paying
five per cent, out of the net earnings, but
abundantly completed for the purpose of
enabling them to demand of the United States
the issue of the entire amount of bonds pro-
vided for by the acts of Congress. Not com-
pleted enough to require the companies to pay
what they owe to the Government, but com-
pleted enough to enable them to require and
to obtain every dollar of bonds which the
Government agreed to issue I _ .
Such a pretext will never do. It is entirely
too flimsy. In almost a dozen places the acts
of 1862 and 1864 themselves define, if dehm-
