884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 27,
tion was needed, what is meant by the com-
pletion of these roads. They settle the ques-
tion of completion in favor of the United States.
But, Mr. President, I willnot affront the good
sense of the Senate, nor will I consume its
time, by arguing a question so very plain as
this is. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] whom I regret not to see in his seat, in-
timated the other day that the Government
directors of the Guion Pacific railroad, in the
report recently sent here upon my resolution,
did not take the ground that the Union Pacific
had been so far completed as to require it to
pay over the five per cent. That is a mistake
on the part of the Senator, caused, as I judge
from his remarks, by the fact that he was
handed by some Senator but a portion of the
report. I am sure that if the whole of the
report on that subject had been brought to his
attention, he would have seen that the directors
report the road as completed on June 30, 1870.
They say, 011 page 12 of the report:
" Here arises an important question : Is the road
completed ? We think it is within a fair and reason-
able signification of the term. In our judgment it
has been completed for a period long enough to em-
brace the two years ended June 30,1872."
In other words, the road was completed on
the 80th day of June, 1870. The same thing
is doubtless true of the other great railroad—
the Ceutral Pacific.
The directors go on to reduce the " net earn
ings" by several expenditures, such as the
interest on bonds and so on. Many of these
elements of reduction are at least question-
able ; but I will take the matter as stated by
the Government directors. They say, " after
making all these deductions from profits, there
would still be left $2,925,863 on which the
Government is entitled to the five per cent.,
and they put the amount of this at $146,273 16."
I wish that while the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] or the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] had in hand the important
business of providing a mode in the courts by
which the liability of these companies to the
Government can be ascertained and the
amount due from them, whatever it is, col-
lected, they had thought of another subject.
I refer to the so-called Credit Mobilier of the
Union Pacific, and to another company of
much the same general character which it is
well known existed in the Central Pacific,
both of them companies which took contracts
for the construction of the roads at enormous
prices, and made, as is generally understood,
the most excessive aud unparalleled profits.
Of my own knowledge I can assert nothing of
these construction companies. Enough is
known, however, to make it proper to take
steps for the security of the United States in
the premises.
If but one half is true of what we hear and
read daily in the most specific form, the mem-
bers of these extraordinary construction com-
panies have made profits counting up by mil-
lions in excess of fair charges for construc-
tion. While no man should grudge the fair
gains of railroad enterprise howevergreat those
gains may be, I suppose there is no sort of
doubt that all such profits as I have mentioned,
so far as they improperly increased the cost
of the road or impaired the resources of the
company or the security of the United States,
are proper subjects of inquiry by the United
States by suit or otherwise.
I have spoken more at length, Mr. Presi-
dent, than I designed. I should not have
spoken at all but for the belief that I owed it to
myself first to state the causes why I erred in
giving my vote two years ago, and next to ex-
plain the reasons for the change in my views.
Those views, whether right or wrong, are at
all events the result of as much study as was
compatible with my other occupations in this
place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. With the consent of
the Senator from Vermont, T desire to amend
his amendment in line four, by inserting the
words "over their respective roads" after the
words "transportation of any kind." '
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that; 1 think it means the same thing now.
But to avoid all possible question, I accept the
modification.
The yeas and nays were taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Edmunds.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
Mr. TRUMBULL. By permission of the
Senate, I desire to state that I have been en-
gaged on a committee during its session and I
have not heard this amendment read. If it
would be in order before voting I should like
to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported if there be no objec-
tion.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to insert at the end of the second sec-
tion of the bill the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company and
its assigns, on account of freight or transportation
of any kind over their respective roads, to the
amount of all payments made by the United States
for interest upon bonds of the United Statos issued
to any such oompany and whioh shall not have been
reimbursed, together with tho five per cent, net
earnings due and unapplied as provided by law.
And any such company may bring suit in the Court
of Claims to recover the price of such freight and
transportation, and in such suit the right of such
company to resover the same upon the law and the
facts of tho case shall be determined, and also the
rights of tho United States upon the merits of all the
points presented by it in answer thereto by them ;
and either party to such suit may appeal to the
Supreme Court; and both said courts shall give
such cause or causes precedence of all other business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I vote " nay," preferring
the amendment of my colleague.
The result was announced—yeas 49, nays 4 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Casserly. Cole, Cooper, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Bilmunds, Fenton, Perry of Con-
necticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe* Johnston, Kelly,
Maehen, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood,
Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Steven-
son, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, West,
Wilson, Windoui, and Wright—49.
NAYS —Messrs. Hainlin, Morrill of Maine,
Spraguo, and Trumbull—4.
ABSBNX—Messrs. Aloorn, Blair, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling. Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Lewis, Logan,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sawyer, Sum-
ner, and Yiekers—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to come in on page 62,
after line fifteen hundred and twenty-four.
Provided, That in rendering any judgment in favor
of any claimant under the act of March 12, 1803, the
said court shall find the amount due, and shall also
find and state whether or not said claimant has
proved that ho rendered no aid or comfort to the
rebellion; and where such claimant shall have failed
to prove that he had not rendered such aid or com-
fort, no judgment of said court shall be paid until a
special appropriation therefor shall be made by Con-
gress.
message from tub house
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 3702) to declare the true intent
and meaning of the act approved June 8,1872,
amendatory of the general bankrupt law ; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish
the franking privilege, and to provide for the
transmission of official documents and other
public matter.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1367) for the
relief of John T. Mason, former collector of
customs of Baltimore and late United States
designated depositary.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills;
A bill (H. R. No. 861) directing the pay-
ment to Robert McKeeof pay, allowances,
and bounty now withheld from him ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2537) granting a pension
to Charles Lynch;
A bill (H. R. No. 2464) granting a pension
to Evan Johnson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2476) for the relief of
Anne Penny;
A bill (H. R. No. 2495) granting a pension
to John Nolan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2515) granting a pension
to Catharine Ross ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2450) granting a pension
to Lucretia B. Galloway ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2792) for the relief of
Galen E. Green ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2905) for the relief of
John McMath;
A bill (H. R. No. 2852) for the relief of
James A. McCullah, late collector of the fifth
district of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2227) to regulate the em-
ployment of engineer soldiers on extra duty;
A bill (H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of
William Vails, late a private in company A,
third regiment Indiana volunteer infantry ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2833) to aid in maintain-
ing the fire department in the District of
Columbia.
additional petitions and memorials.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of M. R. Casler and T. J. Qninn,
paymasters' clerks at the Naval Academy,
praying an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented the petition- of the heirs
of Nathaniel Heard, praying compensation
for property destroyed by British troops duriug
the revolutionary war ; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BORBMAN presented the petition of
Frederick A. Holden, praying compensation
for property destroyed by fire while occupied
by United States troops in Ceredo, West Vir-
ginia, in 1861; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. HILL submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2991) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
80, 1874, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, and ordered to be printed.
executive session.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After thirty-seven minutes spent
in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and (at five o'clock p. m.)the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 27, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of last Saturday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
