1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
justify it. I appeal to the gentlemen who
control our legislation to stop the progress of
this tendency to extravagant expenditure.
Mr.TOWNSEND, ofNewYork. I desire to
take issue with the gentleman from Indiana on
this question. I believe that almost all the
corruption that is to be found in public affairs
is due to the inadequate compensation of mem-
bers o£ the Government; and I take direct
issue with the gentleman. So farfrom its being
the fulcum on which great and extravagant
expenditure is founded, I think there is an evil
in low salaries which ought to be corrected ;
and that a man had better be well paid than
ill paid from the humblest to the highest of the
officers of the Government.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I think in the old times
of small salaries there was as much purity in
the Government as there is now.
Mr. MAYNARD. The speech we have just
heard from the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hoi.man] is a very good speech. I have heard
a good deal of it frequently before.
Mr. HOLM AN. If it had been listened
to attentively, many evils might have been
avoided.
Mr. MAYNARD. When this bill was be-
fore tbe House originally the gentleman's
speech upon it was very germane, and the
House paid very great attention to it. But
after full consideration the House has fixed the
salaries of its own officers as in its judgment
it thought was right aud proper. And now I
protest against the other House assuming to
come here and revise our action in that regard.
I do not as a member of this House assume
to revise the action of the Senate in its own
discretion in regard to the payment of its own
officers. Whatever the Senate may think
• its officers require and should be paid, I leave
with that body the responsibility of determin-
ing, and shall not assume to revise its action.
But I claim that much also for our own
House; that this House shall have the priv-
ilege of determining the compensation to be-
paid to its own officers. It is for that reason
I am in favor of concurring in such amend-
ments as the Senate thought fit to make in
the previous paragraphs in regard to the sal-
aries-of its own officers, and of non-concur-
ring in the amendments the Senate has made
in this paragraph relating to the salaries of
the officers of this House. I consider that in
these matters the two Houses should display
a spirit of mutual confidence in each other,
each being left to exercise the discretion of
fixing the pay of its own subordinates and
make such revision of their salaries as it
thinks proper.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the House
to non concur in the amendments numbered
twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-
seven, twenty-eight, and twenty-nine, all these
being amendments by which the Senate has
stricken out the language of the House in
regard to its own employ6s.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire that there shall
be a division on this proposition to non-con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate striking
out these increased salaries.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
first of these amendments.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] not consent that a vote
shall be taken on all these amendments to-
gether ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly. But I do not
intend, so far as my vote is concerned, that
this increase shall be concurred in by my
silence. I move that the House concur in the
Senate amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. Thefirst question always
is, shall the committee concur ?
The question being put, the amendments of
the Senate numbered twenty-four, twenty-five,
twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, and
twenty-nine were non-concurred in—ayes 22,
noes 82.
The next amendment of tbe Senate was to
strike out in line three hundred and nine
"$1,400" and insert in lieu thereof "$1,200;"
so that the paragraph would read :
For pay of clerk ia the office of public buildings
and grounds, $1,200.
In this amendmentthe Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is so unusual for the
Senate to manifest a spirit of economy that I
think we should adopt their amendment in this
instance.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us go on
for a little while longer.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to say that
there will be no vote here to-night without a
quorum on that vote. We have sat here for
eleven hours to-day; and we sat here last night
till one o'clock. There is evidently not a
quorum present, and as I have stated, there
shall not be another vote to-night without a
quorum.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will agree
that the committee rise if you will let us
proceed with this the first thing to-morrow
morning.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I say nothing about
to-morrow, but I say that we shall not go on
to-night without a quorum.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that a small bill from the Senate of four or five
lines, providing for supplies to some sixty or
seventy Indians who are in a starving condi-
tion, may be taken up and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no quorum
here to do business, and I move that the House
adjourn.
Tbe motion-was agreed to; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petition, etc.
The following petition, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
the selectmen of Nantucket, Massachusetts,
and 2G4 others, citizens of that place, praying
an appropriation to make a caual from the
east end of the harbor of Nantucket through
what is known as the Haul Over.
By Mr. SHOBER : The petition of certain
manufacturers of tobacco in North Carolina,
praying the abolition of the duty on licorice.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 27, 1873.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Dosh, of
Baltimore.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 446) to abolish the office !
of surveyor at the port of Chester, in Pennsyl- j
vania, and for other purposes; ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2873) authorizing the j
President to permit Frank M. Ashton, late '
second assistant engineer of the Navy of the
United States, to withdraw his resignation of
that office; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3737) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending June 30, 1874.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the resolution of the Sen-
ate to print extra copies of the report of the
Darien surveying expedition.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 1482) to amend an act entitled
" An act to promote the development of the
mining resources of the United States and
A bill (S. No. 1597) to change and fix the
time for holding the spring terms of tbe United
States circuit' and district courts in the cities
of Covington and Paducah, in the State of
Kentucky.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1907) to make
San Diego, in the State of California, a port of
entry; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House bad signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 530) to provide for the dis-
tribution of that portion of the military reser-
vation at Fort Ripley, Minnesota, which lies
east of the Mississippi river ;
A bill (S. No. 686) for the relief of Horace
Tyler;
A bill (S. No. 1602) to provide for the ex-
penses of the investigation of the recent sena-
torial election in Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 1963) for the relief of B. F.
Speedy, late first lieutenant second battalion
six months' Pennsylvania volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2264) to authorize the
Cattaraugus and Alleghany Indians in New
York to lease lands and confirm leases;
A bill (H. R. No. 3452) to provide for the
better care and protection of subsistence sup-
plies ;
A. bill (H. R. No. 3794) to sell a vacated
soldiers' burial-ground near Cumberland, Mary-
land, to the Hebrew congregation of that city,
to enlarge their grave-yard ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3970) to amend an act
entitled " An act authorizing the Secretary of
War to release twenty-five aeres of the lands
of the United States at Plattsburg, New York,
to the New York and Canada Railroad Com-
pany, and for the purposes," passed June 8,
1872; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4050) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the name of
the steamer New England to City of Portland.
credentials.
Mr. LOGAN presented the credentials of
Hon. Richard J. Oglesby, chosen by the
Legislature of Illinois a Senator from that
State for the term beginning March i, 1873 ;
which were read and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying the passage
of an act absolutely prohibiting, to the extent
of constitutional powers, the traffic in all in-
toxicating liquors to be used as a beverage;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I present the following
memorial to the Senate of the United States:
Gentlemen of the Senate:
Allow me to trespass upon yourtime a few mo-
ments to call your attention to a matter of the most
momentous importance to your memorialist, and
one, at the same time, involving the highest prioei-
ples of governmental equity and Justice.
House bill No, 1000, for the relief of Kathaniel
McKay, allows me to "go before the Court of
Clams," " under and in compliance with the rules
