1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February -27,
and regulations of said court," to "ascertain the
additional cost which was necessarily incurred" by
me in "building a certain vessel therein named,"
" by reason of any changes or alterations in the plans
and specifications of said vessel, net provided for in
the original contract."
The facts in the ease are as follows:
In the year -1863, T contracted with the Navy
Department of the United States to- construct,
in six months' time, a vessel " according, tp plans
and specifications then furnished me'by s'aid Depart-
ment."
After commencing work on said vesseU (my esti-
mate of course being based upon the then pricc of
material and labbr, and the plans then given me,)
the Secretary of the Navy so changed and entirely-
altered the plans and specifications of said .vessel,
that it required two years to complete the vessel,
according to the changed plans and specifications.
This involved eighteen months of additional labor at
constantly augmenting prices, and. the purchase of
new material at higher rates. Nevertheless, I built
the vessel. I saw heavy loss ahead, -but it was a't a
time when the country needed every ship that could'
beiloated, and the helping hand of every man in
the land.
The bill now before you does not ask a penny of
legislative appropriation, but simply allows me the
privilege, accorded to thousands of my fellow-citi-
zens everywhere, of going before the Court of Claims
and there by legal proof and testimony establishing
my right to wifatover of loss was entailed upon me—
not by my otftr&ct, but by the order and authority-
of one of the Departments of the Government rtself.
If my*claim is just, all should be willing to see me
paid; if it is Wrong, that .court will perceive and"
promptly disallow it. In neither event can an
injustice be done to the Government.
To me this bill is of the greatest importance, for
it. involves my all. By the completion of the con-
tract I have been made bankrupt and ruined pecun-
iarily. My private residence, my furniture, my
horses and carriages, my life policy, my very pew
in church—in short, all has been taken from me and
sold by assignees, to pay off an indebtedness incurred
ia the building of this ship. Eight long years have
I been asking tor some relief, and none has been
accorded me. To-day I am asking you to pass me a
bill of relief already passed the House, after the
closest scrutiny in committee and on the floor; and
after a recital of the above facts I can only appeal
to your sense of right and justice to grant me the
privilege accorded in the bill.
Very respectfully, NATH'L McKAY.
Washington, February 26,1873.
I move that this memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Helene Mohrhardt, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. ALCORN presented the memorial of
the judge of the district court of the ninth dis:
trict of Mississippi and members of the har,
in favor, of dividing the northern judicial dis-
trict of-that State into two divisions, north
anij sooth; which was referred to the Com-
mittee oh the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN".
Mr. PRATT. I move that J. II. Russell,
who prays compensation for the loss of a
steamboat, have leave to withdraw his papers
on leaving copies, an adverse report having
been made.
The motion was agreed to.
reports op committees.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am directed by.the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill'(H. R. No. 404!J)
authorizing the transfer of safes from the War
Department to the PostOflicc Department, for
use in the transportation of registered mails,
to report it back without amendment. I hope
there will be no objection to the passage of
this bill now; it is but five lines.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go on the Calen-
dar. That is the best place for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think if the Senator
would hear an explanation he would not ob-
ject, to the bill.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not objecting to the .
bill." I am only speaking in the interest of the
Calendar.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Daniel Duffy, praying additional pay
lor his services in the late war, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3858) for the
relief of Mrs. Emma A. Porch, reported it with
amendments; and on his motion the report of
the House Committee on Naval Affairs accom-
panying the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES. Some time since the Senate
Committee on Commerce reported back a bill
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Mississippi river at the city of St. Louis.
Since then a bill of the same purport has come
from the House. I am now instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 4033) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri,
and ask that it be substituted for, the Senate
bill; ahd if it would not be asking too much of
the Senate, I shouM'like to have the bill con-
sidered at'the present time.
Mr. SCHURZ. I should be very glad to
have it considered at the present time if my
colleague were here, but he is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print the usual number of copies of the me-
morial of Allen Rutherford, J. J. Hassler,
and others, claiming recognition as the origin-
ators of the first organized movement to raise
volunteers to aid in the suppression of the late
rebellion, reported in favor of the motion ;
and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the following resolution, reported
it without amendment; and it was considered
and agreed to:
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the
memorials of Gardner G.. Hubbard on postal tele-
graphing be printed for tho use of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. The voluminous docu-
ment on my desk is "copies of accounts of
persons, charged with the disbursement of
moneys, goods, and effects for the Indians,
from Julyl, 1870, to June 30,1871." I have not
had time to peruse this document and my col-
leagues decline to undertake it. "We do not
really know whether this ought to he printed
or not. It seems- to be a useless operation to
send anything to Congress that is not printed,
because we might as well save the cost of pre-
paring it and copying it. If some Senators who
are more familiar with Indian affairs than I am,
as the chairman of either the Committee on
Indian Affairs or the Finance Committee, will
give us some information on the subject, we
shall be prepared to report to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Has the chairman of the
Committee on Printing read this document?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not the whole of it,
and my colleagues on the committee declined
to assist in reading any portion of it. I have
hardly had time to get through the whole of
it, though I think I should be better occupied
in that than I have been in listening to some
of the speeches we have had here—more
agreeably, certainly.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I vote usually on these
-matters entirely upon the faith of the Com-
mittee on Printing; but if they bring in docu-
ments which they do not read themselves and
make reports about them, I should like to
withdraw some of the votes I have given and
withhold votes that I might give.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will reserve this until
to-morrow.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to correct my
usually accurate and always courteous friend,
the chairman of the committee, when he
speaks of our having declined to aid him
in the examination. On the contrary, we
expressed ourselves just as ready as he was
to proceed with it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 3511) for the relief of
James Coats, of Jackson, Mississippi; and
A bill (H. R. No. 8725) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Leonidas
Haskell, deceased.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 4003) for the relief of Anthony
Lawson and Thomas A. Brewis and their
heirs, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims ; which was
Sgf66d to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No, 1233) to prevent an
appropriation therein mentioned' from lapsing
because of delay in the adjustment, submitted
an adverse report thereon, which was ordered
to be printed and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1335) to repeal
so much of the laws relating to the organiza-
tion of the Army of the United States as estab-
lishes distinctions to the prejudice of one class
of American citizens,' reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I arti instruqted by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1396) to encourage the
construction of canals for-irrigation and nav-
igation in California, to report it back with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute. It
is not the desire or intention of the committee
to make any effort to get this bill up at this
session, but it is reported back that it may be
printed for general examination during -the
recess of Congress. The subject to which it
relates is substantially a new one in the legis-
lation of Congress. It is also a subject of very _
great interest and importance to the State of
, California. It is the subject of the irrigation
of great bodies of arable lands there that with-
out irrigation must lie almost wholly barren
for about two years out of every five or six.
Millions of acres in the TerritorieSj"especially
New Mexico and Colorado, are in the like
condition, if not a worse one.
Much care has been taken by the committee
to mature the bill and to provide the'proper
guards for the general interests. We desire,
however, all the aids possible toward the best
possible ' measure, by examination and dis-
cussion of the bill now reported in Califor-
nia and elsewhere, before the next session of
Congress.
Mr. COLE. I hope that bill will go on the
Calendar, and I trust we may have some ac-
tion on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. -Of course the
bill will be placed on the Calendar. It can be
reached by a majority vote at any time.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1606) for the relief of Stoddard and
New Madrid counties in the State of Missouri,
in the matter of certain swamp lands, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration
and that it be referred to tho Committee on
Private Land Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them without amendment
A bill (H. R. No. 2482) granting a pension
to Unity Welsh, of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2488) granting a pension
to Mrs. Eliza Hicks; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3832) granting a pension
to Durant T. Hunt.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1271)
to amend an act granting a pension to Phosbe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H. E. No. 1872) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary A. Morris, widow of
Major General William W. Morris, upon the
