1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
pension-roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per
month, reported adversely thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be postponed indefiu-.
itely.
Mr. HILL. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] asked me to suggest in his behalf
that he wished this bill placed on the Calen-
dar. I make that request for him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse re-
port.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 3826) granting a pension to Maria D. C.
Bache, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them adversely, and they were
postponed indefinitely:
A bill (H. R. No. 3830) grantinganincrease
of pension to Maria Louisa Craven ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3834) granting a pension
to Rosana Allison.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3839)
ganting a pension to Rosa F. Morsell, reported
adversely thereon, and it was postponed in-
definitely.
Mr.-DAVIS subsequently said : I ask that
House bill No. 3837 be placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. SAWYER, from tlie Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1343) to aid the Leland Uni-
versity and Augusta Institute, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 3811) granting a pension
to James McKean ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3831) granting a pension
to Ellen Collins.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the bill (H. II. No.
2555) granting an increase of pension to
Robert S. Dumont, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the following bills, re-
ported adversely thereon, and they were post-
poned indefinitely!
A bill (H. R. No. 2125) granting a pension
to Hugh Wallace; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3828) to amend an act for
the relief of Charles M. Pott.
Mr. HILL, from the same committee, to
whom were referred the following bills, reported
them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 2492) granting a pension
to Justus F. Jones ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 24!);;) granting a pension
to Virginia M. F. Onsack.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2;i99) granting a pension to Adall. McDonald,
have had the same under consideration a
second time, it having been recommitted to the
committee. Originally there was an adverse
report on the bill, but upon new evidence sub-
mitted to the committee, we have come to the
conclusion to recommend the favorable con-
sideration of the bill by the Senate. I make
this report for the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Ferry,] who is ill this morning and not
able to be in his seal. The committee now
recommend the passage of the bill without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2'Jbl) to purchare a site for a public building
in Pittsburg, reported it without recommenda-
fcion.
edward tucker.
Mr. SAULSBURY. A few days ago I re-
ported the bill (H. R. No. 2561) to grant a
pension to Edward Tucker adversely. Fur-
ther evidence having come before the com-
mittee, I am instructed by the Committee on
Pensions to ask the reconsideration of the ad-
verse report and the vote postponing the bill
indefinitely, and that the bill be placed on the
Calendar with a favorable report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
bills introduced.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1G49) granting a pension to Cornelius
Fitzgerald, of company G one hundred and
sixth Illinois volunteers; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. CHANDLER, Mr. HARLAN, Mr.
SAWYER, Mr. STEWART, and Mr. RAM-
SEY submitted amendments intended to be
proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No. 3921)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3922) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Bibcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the act (S. No. 1499)
to authorize the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company to construct and maintain a bridge
across the St. Louis river.
order of business.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make an appeal
again to the Senate to be allowed an hour and
a half this evening for the consideration of
bills reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions. There are now upon the docket be-
tween fifty and sixty eases, probably nearly
sixty cases, that have been acted upon by that
committee, and at the rate at which we are
considering the Calendar there is no prospect
of those cases being reached unless the com-
mittee have an hour or an hour and a half
assigned to them this evening for the special
consideration of these bills.
I wish to say in this connection that the com-
mittee have at this session acted upon at least
two hundred House bills. For a greater por-
tion of the time they have held two sessions a
week, and they have devoted a great deal of
labor to these cases. Most of them are House
bills; many of them are amendments and
must go back for consideration. It is a mat-
ter of justice that they should have a time set
apart some evening this week, and I hope this j
evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The -Senator I
from Indiana asks that from seven to eight !
and a half o'clock this evening be set apart
for bills from the Committee on Pensions. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. And all the other unob- |
iected eases. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator .
from Vermont, desires to add to this " and all ,
other unobjected cases." i
Mr. NYE. There are several bills on the j
Calendar that ought to be considered. ;
Mr. CARPENTER, I rise to state that I j
shall endeavor to bring up the Louisiana bill j
against anything and everything except the j
!i
printing bill in charge of the Senator from
Rhode Island and the appropriation bills, and
I shall ask the Senate to vote on that; and
I wish in this connection to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions whether we may not proceed with, the
Louisiana bill before one of the appropriation
bills for this reason: The House will have to
consider the bill if it should pass the Senate, and
they, of coursc, send the appropriation bills
here, so that if we send this bill there they cau
consider it while we are acting on the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. COLE. Without designating any busi-
ness, I will merely state that the only appro-
priation bill pending which has been acted
upon by the committee has not yet reached oor
desks, but will be here during the day some
time. What business is done prior to that I
cannot of course control.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The printing
bill is the unfinished business for twelve o' clock.
The Chair will again state the proposition of the
Senator from Indiana. It is that to-night from
seven to eight and a half o'clock be assigned
to the consideration exclusively of pension bills,
and the Senator from Vermont desires to add
to that " and other unobjected casesthat is
that after the pension bill shall be disposed of
other unobjected cases shall be taken up, as
the Chair understands. Is that the proposition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; but that they
shall come up in the way they stand on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont insists on the Calendar being
taken up, if the evening is devoted to it, in its
regular order.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the bill which comes
up at twelve o'clock shall not be disposed of
when the recess is taken, I shall insist on
going on with it; otherwise I have no objec-
tion to the arrangement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If by unani-
mous consent the order should be made as
asked by the Senator from Indiana the unfin-
ished business of the morning session would
come up at half past eight o'clock instead of
at seven.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot give unanimous
consent to anything to take precedence of the
bill under my charge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
arrangement is objected to.
iiayden's geological report.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following con-
current resolution, which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Revolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That tliere be printed and bound
twelve thousand copies of Professor Hayden's sixth
annua! report of the United States Geological pur-
vey of the territories of explorations for 1872,
seventy-live hundred copies of which shall be ior
the use of the House of ftepresentatives, twenty-
five hundred copies for the Senate, and two thou-
sand copies for distribution by the Smithsonian
Institution.
order 0e business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness in order is the Calendar under the Anthony
rule, and the Secretary will report the title
of the first bill on the Calendar.
The Chief Clerk. The firstbill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 1576) ior the relief of
J . B. Cornell and others.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to lay aside the
Calendar for the purpose of taking up the bill
to which I called the attention of the Senate
yesterday morning, House bill No. 3919. The
biil was mentioned yesterday to the Senate and
they understand exactly what is involved in
connection with it. I want the Senate to de-
termine this morning whether we shall or shall
not take up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa moves to postpone the Calendar
tinder the Anthony rule for the purpose of
considering the bill in regard to ascertaining
the value of certain lands in the State of Iowa
