1873.
THE COtfGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
/
889"
State of Oregon to those fixed in the constitu-
tion of said State when applying for admission
into the Union as a State; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
water privileges at harper's ferry.
Mr. HEREFORD presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of West Virginia, in-
structing Representatives in Congress from that
State to favor the passage of a bill to resell
water privileges at Harper's Perry; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
jambs river and kanawha canal.
Mr. HEREFORD also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of West Virginia,
transferring certain rights and franchises in
the James River and Kanawha canal to the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HEREFORD also presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
asking Congress that as a national enterprise
the James River and Kanawha canal be en-
larged and completed in such a way as to con-
nect the navigable waters of the Ohio and
James rivers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
red river of the north.
Mr. AVERILL presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Dakota, asking an appropriation for removing
obstructions to navigation in the Red River of
the North ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
pembina band of chippewa indians.
Mr. AVERILL also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Dakota, relative to the Pembina band of
Chippewa Indians ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
division ok dakota.
Mr. ARMSTRONG presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Dakota, asking for the division of the
present Territory of Dakota and the erection
of an additional territorial organization out
of the northern part of the same; which was
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
education in the territories.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also presented a memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Dakota, asking congressional aid to
the cause of education in the Territories;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
hostile indians.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also presented the me-
morial of the Legislature of Dakota, in reference
to the Black Hills country serving as a retreat
for hostile Indians ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
dakota central railroad.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3694) to aid in the construction of
the Dakota Central Railroad; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
education in the territories.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 8693) to promote education in the several
Territories ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
INAUGURATION DAY.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3696) to declare inauguration day a legal
holiday; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
railroad facilities in the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3697) granting additional railroad facil-
ities to the people of Washington" city and
Georgetown; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee for the
Districtof Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
george p. fisher.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3698) for the relief of George P. Fisher ;
which was read a first and second time, and
with the accompanying papers referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
boundary and silver springs railroad.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3699) confirming an act of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the District of Columbia to
incorporate the Boundary and Silver Springs
Railroad Company ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
mary barry.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3700) for the relief of Mary Barry,
widow and administratrix of Thomas Barry;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
washington and point lookout railroad.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3701) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to authorize the Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company to extend
a railroad into and within the District of Co-
lumbia," approved January —, 1873 ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The States having been
called through for bills on leave and joint
resolutions for reference, they will now be
called for resolutions, &c., for consideration
at the present time. The call rests upon the
State of Vermont.
goat island.
Mr. WILLARD submitted the following
resolution 5 on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Senate be requested to return
to this House, for further consideration, the House
bill commonly known as the Goat island bill, num-
bered 1553, entitled "An act relating to the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company," said bill having
passed this House at a former session of the present
Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
on that resolution that it is out of order, be-
cause the effect is to work a suspension of the
rules, which can only be done by a two-thirds
vote, and cannot be moved in the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
expenditures in thr district.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That, as by the provisions of the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, approved January 7. 1873,
the Board of Public Works of the District of Colum-
bia cannot make expenditures for which the General
Government is liable, without previous appropri-
ations by Congress, the Committee on Appropri-
ations is hereby instructed to report in one of the
general appropriation bills such gross amount as in
their judgment will constitute a just proportion of
the expenses of improving the streets and avenues
of the city of Washington to be borne by the Gen-
eral Government.
Mr. CREBS. Would it not be in order to
refer that to the Committee for the District
of Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the Houst
should not second the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me that this
would prejudge what the General Govern-
meat 
The SPEAKER. That is debating the reso-
lution, and is not in order.
The question was put on seconding the
previous question; and on a division, there
were—ayes 46, noes 59 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Smith, of
Vermont, and Mr. Crebs were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 77.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
postal matters
Mr. WILLARD. I offer the following reso-
lution, upon which I ask the previous question:
Resolved. That the Postmaster General be re-
quested to furnish to this House the number of
letters annually transmitted since 1820, with the
rates of postage each year, together with the annual
receipts and expenditures of the Department; also
to state the effect of reduced rates in increasing the
number of letters transmitted, and the ratio of
expenses in proportion to the volume of business
transacted as affected by said reduction of rates
and increase of business.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Vermont has already
exhausted his privilege of introducing resolu-
tions in the morning Hour.
Mr. DAWES. I will offer the resolution
from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, but he supposed there was no
objection to the resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
the resolution, except that we shall never reach
any other States if the New England members
can offer so many resolutions each.
The SPEAKER. If a member offers a res-
olution which is ruled out of order, it exhausts
his privilege.
Mr. SARGENT. We have been in New
England on this call during this whole Con-
gress, and have never been out of it.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the resolution from
Massachusetts.
The resolution was again read ; and agreed
to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
college of william and mary, virginia.
Mr. HOAR. I offer a bill for the relief of
the College of William and Mary, in Virginia,
upon which I ask the previous question.
The bill was read for information. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
College of William and Mary, in Virginia, the
sum of $65,000, out of any money in the
Treasury to be appropriated for that purpose,
to reimburse the said college for the destruction
of its buildings and other property destroyed
without authority during the late rebellion ;
provided that 110 money shall be paid except
upon accounts of such destruction, and the
damages caused thereby duly verified and
proven.
Mr. HALE. I raise the point of order on
that bill.
The SPEAKER. What is the point of
order ?
Mr. HALE. That no notice has been given.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts given notice of this bill ?
