888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. HOAR. I have not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I raise another point
of order.
The SPEAKER. This one is sufficient; the
rule requires that notice of a bill shall either
be given in open House or to the Journal
clerk so that it may go upon the Journal.
civil service examination.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following resolution, upon which I ask the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the Treasury,
of the Interior, of War, of the Navy, and the Post-
master General be, and they are hereby, directed to
furnish this House with a copy of all the questions
propounded by the examiners to the candidates for
appointments and promotion to clerkships in their
respective Departments.
Mr. LYNCH. I suggest to the gentleman
that he include the answers. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and, under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
improvements in xiie district of columbia.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I offer the following
resolution, upon which I ask the previous
question:
Resolved, That Frederick A. Boswell, George W.
Biggs N. W, liurchell, George P. Fisher, and L. Q,
Hine be a commission, under the authority of this
House, to make a complete and thorough examina-
tion of the affairs of the District ot Columbia, and
to make abatement m detail to this House, through
tho Committee for the District of Columbia, of the
indebtedness and liabilities of said District on the
1st day of J an uai y, 1S7H, or at the present time ; and
the said commission be empowered to examine all
books and papers in the possession of any officer of
the District government or of the United States
relating to the affairs of said District, to administer
oaths and compel the attendance of witnesses, and
to employ such clerical assistance as may bo neces-
sary to complete said examination; and to make a
full and complete statement of all matters relating
to the indebtedness of the District, and tho improve-
ments made or contracted for by the District author-
ities, suoh statement to be returned to tho Commit-
tee lor the District of Columbia for present ation to
this Mouse on or before the 15th day of February
next; and that the chairman of the Committee for
the District of Columbia bo authorized to draw from
tho contingent fund of the House asufiicient sum ol
money to detray tho expenses of said commission,
tho vouchors for s.vid expenses to be filed with the
chairman of the District Committee and approved
by the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. HOAR. I make the point of order
that it is not within the constitutional power
of the House or its legal authority to pass this
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is
good; and, furthermore, no notice has been
given of tho resolution, and it proposes to
appropriate money from the contingent fund
of the House, which the House cannot do.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. 1 will strike out the
latter part of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Thai will not make it in
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
another point of order.
The SPEAKER. There are three already
■which are sufficient, and the resolution is not
before the House.
carpenter's "emancipation" painting.
Mr. DUELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be,
and they are hereby, authorized to enter into nego-
tiations with Jlr. P. B. Carpenter for the purchase
of his painting known as the "First Reading of the
Emancipation Proclamation," and that tho com-
mittee report by bill or otherwise.
till'fc-SAVINS STATIONS.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill to provide
for the establishment of life-saving stations
on the coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, North
Carolina, and Virginia.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to provide for the estab-
lishment of such number of life-saving stations
on.the coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, and
Massachusetts, and ten of said stations be-
tween Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, and
Cape Henry, Virginia, at such points on said
coasts as he may deem most advantageous for
the saving of life and property from loss by
shipwreck ; also to report to this House at
the next session of Congress the points on the
sea and lake coasts of the United States at
which the establishment of live-saving stations
would best subserve the interests of Govern-
ment and the community, with detailed esti-
mates of the cost of such stations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I raise
the point of order that this call is for resolu
tions, and this is a bill.
The SPEAKER. Bills ate in order under
this call.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
raise another point of order, that no previous
notice has been given of this bill.
Mr. SLOCUM. This bill has been intro-
duced and considered by the Committee on
Commerce.
The SPEAKER. That is not the notice
required by the rule. If gentlemen in this
portion of the morning hour wish to introduce
bills, joint resolutions, or resolutions requiring
the concurrent action of the Senate, notice
thereof must be given, either in open House
or by filing at the Clerk's desk, so that it may
appear ou the Journal of the House. If no
notice of that kind has been given, this bill
is not in order under this call.
salaries,
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I offer the follow-
ing resolution, upon which I call the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
of this House be, and is hereby, instructed to ex-
aminointo the pay and emoluments of the several
officers of the executive, judicial, and legislative
departments of the United States Government, and
that said oommiMoe prepare and report a bill to this
House for tho proper graduation of the pay and
allowances for each officer in said departments; and
that said committee have leave to report at any
time.
Mr. HOAR. I raise the point of order that
to authorize a committee to report at any time
requires a suspension of the rules, which can-
not be done during the morning hour of Mon-
day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. \V. R. ROBERTS. Then I offer the
resolution without that clause.
Mr. HOAR. I raise the point of order that
the gentleman has exhausted his right under
this call, and cannot offer another resolu-
tion.
' The SPEAKER. If the rule is insisted
upon technically the Chair must sustain the
point of order.
usb op congressional library.
Mr. SESSIONS introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 186) extending the privileges
of authors in the use of books in the Congres-
sional Library; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
salaries.
Mr. WAKEMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
adopted.
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the practicability and expe-
diency of legislation increasing the salaries of circuit
and district judges of the United States; and that
the said committee be authorized to report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. ELY submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committeeon the Judiciary of
this House be, and it i* hereby, instructed to examine
into the pay and emoluments of the several officers
of the executive, judicial, and legislative depart-
ments of the Government of the United States;
and that said Committee prepare and report a bill
to this House for the proper graduation of the pay
and allowances for each officer in said departments.
The question was taken upon seconding
the previous question ; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 57, noes 50; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hale and
Mr. W. R. Roberts were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 75, noes 64.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the resolution
was adopted.
order of business.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. Motions to suspend the rules are
now in order.
bankrupt law.
Mr. PLATT. I move that the rules be so
suspended as to allow me to introduce and the
House to pass a bill to declare the true intent
and meaning of the act approved June 8, 1872,
amendatory of the general bankrupt law.
The bill, which was read, declares that it was
the true intent and meaning of an act approved
June 8,1872, entitled "An act to amend an act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States, approved March
2, 1867," that the exemptions allowed to bank-
rupts by the said amendatory act should be, and
that it is hereby enacted that they shall be. the
amount allowed by the constitution and laws
of each State, respectively, as existing in the
year 1871; and that such exemptions be valid
against debts contracted before the adoption
and passage of such State constitution and
laws, as well as these contracted after the
same, and against liens by judgment or decree
of any State court, any decision of any such
court rendered since the adoption and passage
of such constitution and laws to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to say only that this
bill is precisely the same in its provisions as
that reported last Monday from the Judiciary
Committee by the chairman of that committee,
which bill was superseded by the eubstitute of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hazel-
ton,] repealing the bankrupt act entirely.
The present bill, if passed by the House, will
have no effect whatever upon the action taken
by the House repealing the bankrupt law. It
is simply explanatory of the true meaning of
the clause in the bankrupt act giving to bank-
rupts exemptions, as defined in State laws and
State constitutions.
I will not occupy time in further explana-
tion unless it is necessary. I hope the bill
may pass without objection. I ask a vote on
my motion that the rules be suspended and
the bill passed.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Platt, there were—ayes 63, noes 36 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Storm and
Mr, Randall were appointed.
Mr. PERCE. I do not think there would
be any necessity for a division if the House
understood that this bill applies only to pend-
ing cases.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ninety-two, noes not counted.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended; and the bill (H. R.
No. 3702) was passed.
district board of health.
Mr. SARGENT. The Committeeon Appro-
priations have instructed me to report a bill
making an appropriation to aid the Board of
Health of the District of Columbia in defray-
ing its_ expenses. I am directed to ask the
immediate passage of this bill; and, if neces-
