1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
row evening he shall have an opportunity to
call up the Baceoon fork bill, which will then
be subject to the vote of the Senate. Is there
objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the state of public
business, I cannot assent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects. The question recurs
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the Louisiana bill.
The motion -was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted ;
and the bill (S. No. 1621) to establish a gov-
ernment in the State of Louisiana, republican
in form, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill at
length ; but before concluding,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired; but if there is no objection
the Chair will not state it until the bill is read
through, as it is nearly finished.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 195) providing for the reporting
and publication of the debates in Congress is
before the Senate as the unfinished business,
on which the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Antiioxy] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to postpone
that and continue the consideration of the
Louisiana bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am entitled to the floor
on the unfinished business.
Mr. HILL. I ask the Senator from Rhode
Island one moment till I introduce a substi-
tute bill for the one just read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order when the Louisiana bill is again taken
up. The printing joint resolution is before
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I gave notice that I
should press this matter against anything that
might be offered here, and I feel it my duty to
do so. I appreciate as highly as any Senator
can the importance of the bill that has occu-
pied the closing moments of the morning
hour; but Senators are aware that after next
Tuesday not only will there be no provision
for publishing the debates of Congress, but it
will be illegal to do so at the public cost, there
being a positive prohibition by law. I feel it
my duly, therefore, to insist upon going on
with this bill. If the Senate vote me down I
cannot help it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to lay aside
the pending bill and to proceed with the
Louisiana bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. CONKLING. Although the little ex-
perience I have had has not led me to vener-
ate movements in a flurry, and although for
that reason I do not feel moved to-day to the
same extent that I see some other Senators are
moved by what has been called the news from
Louisiana, I do not intend to do anything
wittingly to postpone the consideration of the
Louisiana bill. There are, however, three or
four things which have been repeatedly enum-
erated, every one of which urgently demands
consideration, and one of them is the joint
resolution now at last before the Senate upon
which we must depend entirely for the publi-
cation, as the Senator from Rhode Island has
several times said, of the debates of the Sen-
ate and upon which we must depend for the
only record of the proceedings of the Senate,
because although the journal perpetuates in !
skeleton some things that occur in the Senate, i
this record is the only one in full of the doings 1
of the Senate.
Mr. President, we can act upon it in a very
short time. With the Louisiana bill behind
to urge it on, I am sure that all Senators will
limit themselves suitably in the remarks they
wish to make upon this resolution, and we can
dispose of it in a very short time. It is a
resolution that comes before us from one of
the infirmities of free government, because it
is an infirmity that methods which no busi-
ness man would adopt we are compelled to
adopt in order to satisfy public sentiment and
guard against fraud. Accordingly,almostevery-
thing to be done by the Government, as far as
the case admits of it, is put out to contract
by individual proposals and giving the con-
tract to the lowest bidder. In conformity with
this principle of action and this supposed ne-
cessity for safeguard, an act was passed on the
2d of April, 1872, under which proposals were
invited for making record of and publishing
the proceedings of the Senate. Bids have
been received, and one is lower than the rest
and comes from a responsible and competent
party ; and now 1 submit to the Senate that it
concerns our self-respect either to repeal that
act and say that we will not be governed by
it, or to go forward and give to the lowest
bidder the fruits of his bid; and I submit to
Senators that owing to the very short time that
this would take, the fact that it has been
brought up over and over again and blinked,
as I may say without disrespect to any Sen-
ator, demands of us now that we should do
one thing or the other: either that we should
say that we will not observe this act and will
repeal it, or that we shall go on and execute it.
I have nothing to say as to the propriety of
the act originally. I simply rose to enter my
protest respectfully against taking up this thing
time after time and evading it in some way or
other, and having it done in the same body
members of which are free in the case of post
office contracts and all manner of contracts,
to suggest, sometimes directly, a doubt whether
a Cabinet officer has not awarded a contract to
somebody except the lowest bidder. Now we
have'eommitted ourselves to let a contract to
the lowest bidder; here he is, he tenders his
bond, and every time the question comes up
we do everything under heaven except to obey
the statute. Now I say, let us repeal it, let us
put on record our dissent to its requirements,
and our refusal to observe them, or let us go
forward and do that which leaves scarcely any
room for discretion at all under this act, for
although it contains no mandate in so many
words that we shall accept the lowest bid, that
beyond all question is its meaning; and I sub-
mit to my friend from Wisconsin, upon whose
time and patience I am trenching, that if he
he will allow this matter to be taken up and
voted upon, laid upon the table—if any Sen-
ator wants to make that motion—disposed of
in some way or other, he will acquit the Sen-
ate of what it seems to me leaves the Senate at
this moment in rather a singular position.
Mr. CARPENTER. I entirely concur with
the views expressed by the Senator from New
York. There is but one higher duty than to
obey a statute, and that is to obey the Consti-
tution. If we are correctly informed of the
condition of things in Louisiana, that imperi-
ous duty is impending upon us at this moment.
We cannotturn away from it to anything.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, we either mean
to preserve a record of the debates in these
two Houses, or we do not; and I think I may
safely conclude that we mean to preserve a
record of those debates. We do not mean to
omit that. Very well, sir, standing upon that
assumption, this is the conclusion to which
we are brought: you must either pass the joint
resolution now before you, or you must con-
tinue to print these debates as you have
printed them heretofore, at a cost greatly
exceeding that contemplated by the resolu-
tion.
I am reminded that I am already on a diffi-
culty which 1 had supposed 1 had got over. I
am reniiudetl that the law prohibits or will pro-
hibit the printing of these debates after the 4th
of March. I knew that; but in spite of that
act, in spite of the express letter of the law, I
ventured to assume that we should print the
debates, and I still assume that they will be
printed at some rate, upon some terms by some-
body. I think it very safe to assume that unless
you pass this bill you will print them hereafter
upon terms not one whit more favorable than
you have printed them heretofore.
Now, the simple question is whether you will
embrace a proposition which offers you that
printing upon terms about $100,000a year less
than you have had it heretofore. Let no Sen-
ator shut his eyes or his ears to the proposition
on which he must act. If you will consider
this bill and say "ay" or " no " upon it, then
you will have secured a contract which offers
you the Globe at $100,000 less than you ever
had it. If you think that amount worth saving
to the Treasury, then act upon this measure and
act favorably upon it.
I concede that if we can have but one of
these measures acted upon at this session,
from what my colleague has said of the trans-
cendant importance of the bill moved by
him, we should take that and not this. 1
think we can have them both. I do not
believe the Senate will hesitate long in debate
upon the measure we now have before us. It
is here. We can consider it at a less expend-
iture of time now than hereafter. Much of
what can be said on the subject has already
been said by the chairman of the committee
and by the Senator from New York, and was
said the other day by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Hamilton.] I do not think there
is going to be any very deliberate, systematic,
persistent effort to show to this Senate or to
the country that it is not worth our while to
try to save $100,000 a year in the publication
of the Globe. If there are Senators here
brave enough to make that effort, I think the
effort will be exhausted in a short time. If
there is such an effort to be made, it seems to
me that economy demands that we should
hear the effort now.
Mr. MACHEN. I do not wish to occupy
any time in discussion, but this question has
been up I think half a dozen times. That it
is important nobody will deny. It is assumed
that the Louisiana case can be disposed of
after this has been done. If that be the fact,
I presume this matter can be disposed of
after the Louisiana case is gone through with.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend from
Kentucky yield to me to make a motion to lay
the pending bill on the table?
Mr. MACHEN. Yes, sir. I Only want to
go on with the Louisiana bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to lay the
joint resolution on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin withdraws his motion to post-
pone, and moves to lay the joint resolution on
the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CARPENTER, I will withdraw the
motion for a moment if the Senator will renew
it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will allow the Senator
to renew it. I merely wish to remark that I
can say nothing but what I have said already.
I wish to impress upon Senators that if we
intend to have a record of our debates we
must act upon it this session, and if we are
going to act upon it at this session it makes
no difference whether we do it now or do it a
little later; but it is now before us regularly,
and it will take no more time now than at any
other period, and if there should be any amend-
ment made it will have to go back to the
House.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am speaking in the
time ot the Senator from Wisconsin.
