1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
sary, I will move a suspension of the rules for
that purpose.
The bill was read. It appropriates $39,300
to aid in defraying the expenses of the Board
of Health of the District of Golumbia.
Mr. SARGENT. If I can have the atten-
tion of the House for one minute, I will
explain this bill, unless it can pass Without
objection.
The SPEAKER. The motion is that the
rules be suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] occupying five minutes, or any other
length of time, in explaining the bill, provided
the same time be allowed for a reply.
The SPEAKER was about to put the ques
tion, when
Mr. RANDALL said: Mr. Speaker, we had
better hear the statements of these gentlemen,
and then we shall be more competent to vote
upon the question.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I thought there was an
understanding that the bill should be ex-
plained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Far&sworth] objected.-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object to
the explanation of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, provided the same length of time be
allowed to the other side.
The SPEAKER. That is an objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well. I cer-
tainly object to having the discussion all on
one side.
The SPEAKER (having put the question
on the motion to suspend the ^ules and pass
the bill) declared that two third's appeared not
to have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish the gentleman
trom Illinois -would allow trie to explain the
bill. I do not intend anything dark or myste-
rious in reference to this matter. 1 have no
objection to the gentleman from Illinois fol-
lowing me.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the rules
be suspended and the bill admitted for con-
sideration.
Mr. SARGENT. I modify my motion in
that way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire some un-
derstanding about that matter.
Mr. SARGENT. Of course, if the bill be
received for consideration, any gentleman can
speak upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will debate be
allowed on both sides?
The SPEAKER. Of course debate will be
In order then.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Does not this bill go
to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It would do so under the
rules; but the proposition is to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER put the question on the
motion of Mr. Sargent as modified, and
declared that the noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask for a division. Ger-
tainly gentlemen should not be afraid to hear
the object of the bill stated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] ask unani-
mous consent to speak five minutes each.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not let the bill
go to the Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. SARGENT. That is the very thing I
would explain.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
each of these gentlemen occupying five min-
utes ? The Chair bears no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, this Board
of Health is organized under a law of Con-
gress. The members of it are appointed by
the President and confirmed by the Senate.
They are required by the law which creates
them to declare what shall be nuisances injuri-
ous to health and to provide for the removal
of the same. That duty we impose on them.
Again, they are to prevent the sale of imiwhole-
some food within the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, to prevent domestic animals run-
ning at large within these cities, and to dis-
charge such other duties as may be imposed
upon them by the Legislative Assembly. The
principal part of their duties is prescribed by
Congress.
Now, in pursuance of their duties during
the current year, for which the District gov-
ernment has made an appropriation of $25,000
and paid it out of their treasury, they have
attended to removing—let me say as one item,
for I have not time to state them all—the
night soil in this city. They remove daily
forty tons-of night soil by close conveyances
built for the purpose, and take it down the
Potomac and put it in holes upon waste land,
where it can work no injurious effect. That
night soil before this board was organized was
thrown upon empty lots in the neighborhood
of the city, and when the winds blew over
them it swept the foul effluvia laden with
disease into the city. Any gentleman can see
thousands of tons of this night soil where it
was placed before this board was organized,
as I have stated, where it brought fevers to
every one of our families and to the family of
every inhabitant of the city of Washington.
Beyond all that, when the small-pox broke
out here—which has been in a virulent form
lately, there being in December deaths to the
number of three and four daily, increasing
terribly the mortality lists—they obtained vac-
cine matter and their rooms were kept open
where everybody could be vaccinated free of
charge. They went on and vaccinated in all
of the Departments and in all of the schools
and furnished vaccine matter for the purpose.
Up to the month of December they had vac-
cinated twenty-three thousand three hundred
persons free of charge.
Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, they have gath-
ered the garbage regularly in the city, which
before was scattered about in alleys, infecting
the atmosphere, and making this one of the
unhealthiest cities upon the continent. They
have gathered to the extent of sixty tons every
day of this garbage and carted it off and dis-
posed of it where it will not be injurious to
health. Furthermore, they prevented the run-
ning about of domestic animals. It is a police
regulation, the execution of which we require
at their hands. They also investigated the
question of food. They have condemned hun-
dreds of bushels of oysters. They condemn
and prevent the sale of diseased meats of all
kinds, which would otherwise go into the con-
sumption of our families and the families of
the inhabitants of Washington. They have
interrupted a great, many unhealthy, disgust-
ing, and unwholesome practices in relation to
this matter. I will only mention one, the
practice of "blowing" beef, whereby a man
with diseased or infected lungs blows into the
beef so as to give it an appearance of fatness.
They have arrested that filthy practice, and
have thereby arrested diseases getting to our
children and ourselves. They have gone on
constantly by themselves and by the physicians
under their immediate charge and arrested
foul practices of that kind. They condemned
hundreds of bushels of oysters last year, which
they caused to be thrown into the river or
thrown away elsewhere, rather than allow them
to be sold or to enter into the consumption of
the people. They have exercised careful vigi-
lance in all these respects in behalf of the
health of the city.
Moreover, Mr. Speaker, when the water
supply became unwholesome and was charged
to the use of lead pipes, they went into a scien-
tific investigation of the whole subject by
themselves, and established certain rules for
the discontinuance of lead pipes and the use
of a composition pipe to better answer the
purpose, which pipe has beeu adopted in the
further extension of the water-works. Fur-
thermore, the sewers of the city were open
sewers, so that by day and by night the seeds
of disease were kept floating in the atmos-
phere. They required a particular kind of
trap to be used, and as soon as that kind of
trap was used this source of disease was
removed.
Mr. CREBS. What appropriation was
made by the District government for the Board
of Public Works last, year ?
Mr. SARGENT. This is not in reference
to the Board of Public Works.
Mr. CREBS. What then was the appro-
priation made by the District government last
year for this Board of Health?
.Mr. SARGENT. It went into operation
only during the current year, and, as I have
already stated, the Legislative Assembly of
this District have appropriate I $25,000 for the
purpose. The amount proposed to be appro-
priated by this bill is no more than will be re-
quired for actual necessary purposes. This
Board of Health have maintained four ambu-
lances, and I wish particularly to call the
attention of gentlemen to this fact—they have
maintained four ambulances for the purpose
of removing small-pox patients to their small-
pox hospital.. They remove and bury those
who die of the small-pox, numbering, as I said,
in December, between three and four a day,
and now between two and three a day.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Is there to be a
deodorizing company in connection with this
bill?
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all. It is merely
for the current expenses of the board. But
with reference to the gentleman's question, I
will state that there is a process of deodor-
izing which is used in other cities, and which,
in order to destroy unwholesome exhalations
at the very spot where the night soil is re-
moved from private vaults, &c., it is proposed
to apply at the time of removing.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Is it patented ?
Mr. SARGENT. I believe not. But if
any one has discovered a successful process
of deodorizing, I think it should be employed
here as well as elsewhere. But this bill is
merely to pay the current expenses of the
board for the beneficial objects which I have
stated, and to refuse it may be to give up
the city to pestilence. There was a time when
our statesmen and Cabinet were compelled to
flee from Philadelphia on account of the small-
pox, and we have the greatest interest in
keeping down the small-pox here, and pre-
venting that occurring again. This is a small
grant, and I think it is only reasonable that it
should be made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is true that Con-
gress has provided for the appointment of a
board of health, just as they provided for the
appointment of a board of works. But no-
body in Congress when this bill passed appoint-
ing those boards ever dreamed that it was to
add to the amount of legislation Congress was
to do for the District, or that it was to add to
the appropriations Congress woutil be called
on to make from year to year. The plea was
that it was to take this District of Columbia
out of Congress; that it would relieve Con-
gress from attending to all this business, by the
District having a Legislature of its own, and
providing by taxing themselves for these
things.
Now, what does the gentleman want S39.000
for? To put into the hands of three or four
members of the Board of Health, and to be
expended as they see fit; this Board of Health
having already received $25,000 trom the Dis-
trict, thus making $39,000 and $25,000 added
together. For what, purpose ? For what pur-
