1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February £7,
Mr. CONKLIN&. I have his permission
to say one word. I have here the act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government. " The public printing and
binding" is one of the first heads on which my
eye falls. This bill will be in order as an
amendment to that provision. My friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] shakes his head, audit
requires a good deal of stamina to stand up
when he shakes his head; but I venture, to say
he will find if he looks at this that the propo-
sition is in substance in order as an amend-
ment to the appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Look at the second page,
where there is an express proviso in regard to
printing the debates of Congress. The whole
subject may then come up very properly.
Mr. CONKLING* There is in this appro-
priation bill this clause : u and the last proviso
to the act providing for printing and reporting
the debates in Congress, approved April 2,
1872, is hereby repealed,'1
Mr. HOWE. As I am obliged to go out I
will leave to my friend, the Senator from
Rhode Island, the task of apologizing for my
shaking my head. [Laughter.] He will
explain it I think satisfactorily.
Mr. CONKL1NG, I am glad tlie Senator
has vigor enough to shake himself out of the
Chamber after that. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, my attention having
been called to this, it being the opinion of
better parliamentarians than I am that this
provision is in order as an amendment to the
appropriation bill, I will forego any further
response to my frieud from Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER, i renew my motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg to state that antici-
pating the necessity which the Senator from
Ohio apprehends, I offered this proposition
yesterday as an amendment to the sundry civil
bill. At the same time, I much prefer that it
should be passed as a separate bill, because it
has already gone through the House ; and if
we pass it, which 1 think we can do in a little
while, it will become a law and be the end of
it. And it is very important if we give this
work to the lowest bidder, as we certainly are
bound to do, that he should have some little
time to prepare his office for it.
Mr. MACHEN. I yielded the floor only to
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky did yield the floor to the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, and by his yielding the
Senator from Wisconsin obtained a right to
the floor, and lie has been yielding to other
Senators.
Mr. CARPENTER, 1 renew my motion to
lay the joint, resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed t,o ; there being, on
a division—ayes 28, noes 17.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move now to con-
tinue the consideration of the Louisiana bill.
Mr. COLE. It appears now that the print*
ing bill is to be made a part of the appropria-
tion bill, and of course that will be one of the
many topics of debate on that bill, and the
necessity therefore for attacking the bill pretty
early is the more apparent, i would prefer
that we proceed with the appropriation bill
rather than the Louisiana bill, and 1 will state
here as a reason for that, that I shall ask the
Senate to adopt in regard to the amendments
to the appropriation bill the five-minutes ruie
aud any other restriction upon debate that I
can think of, and with those rules which can-
not apply to the Louisiana bill I think w,e shall
get through with the appropriation bill in a
reasonable time and leave space enough for
the Louisiana bill. For that reason 1 hope
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
may not prevail, in -which case X shall move to
take up the sundry civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
The motion was agreed to.
STATE OF LOUISIANA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the bill (S.
No. 1621) to establish a government in the
State of Louisiana republican in form, which
is in the following words :
Beit enacted by the Senate and Souse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
cmem&fed, That the election held in theState of Lou-
isiana on tho4th day of November, 1872, for Govern-
or, Lieutenant Governor, secretary of State, attorney
general, auditor of public accounts, and superin-
tendent of education,. and for senators and repre-
sentatives for the General Assembly of said State,
is hereby declared null and void; and it is further
ordered and declared that the persons who were en-
titled to hold the said State offices on the said 4th
day of November shall continue in office and be rec-
ognised as the legal officers' of said State by the Gov-
ernment of the United States until their successors
are chosen and qualified in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 2. That an election shall be held m said State
on the second Tuesday in May, 1873, by the legally-
qualified voters thereof, for the State officers enum-
erated in the foregoing section, and for such sena-
tors and members of the house of representatives
of said State as ought to have been chosen on the
said 4th day of November, 1872, under tho constitu-
tion and laws of said State; and the officers and
members of the General Assembly for said State to
be chosen under the provisions of this act shall en-
ter upon the discharge of their respective duties at
the time and in the manner hereinafter prescribed.
Sec. 3. That William B. Woods, judge of the Uni-
ted States circuit court for the circuit embracing the
State of Louisiana, shall immediately proceed to
said State and discharge the duties hereinafter im-
posed upon him. lie shall, without delay, appoint
two competent and suitable persons State registrars,
who shall be citizens and qualified voters of said
State, and members of opposite political parties, and
who shall cause to be made a new and complete regis-
tration of all the legally-qualified voters of said
State, which registration shall be commenced on the
third Tuesday in March, 1870, and shall be com-
pleted ten days prior to the day fixed by this act for
holding said election.
Sec. 4. That it is hereby made the duty of said
registrars to appoint two supervisors of registration
in each parish of said State, except for the parishes
of Orleans and J efferson, and in said parish of Jeffer-
son there shall be appointed two supervisors of regis-
tration for the right bank and two for the left bank
of said parish, and in the parish and oity of Orleans
there shall be two supervisors of registration ap-
pointed for each ward of said parish and city, Which
supervisors of registration shall be legal voters of
the parish or ward for which theymaybe appointed,
and shall be members of different political parties;
and the said supervisor of registration shall jointly
appoint two clerks, subject to the approval of tho
State registrars, who shall be of opposite political
parties
Sec. 5. That tho existing police-jury wards in the
parishes of said State shall each constitute a sepa-
rate election precinct; and the supervisors of regis-
tration for the several wards in the city of New
Orleans shall, before commencing registration*
divide their respective wards into as many election
precints as may be necessary to accommodate all the
voters in said wards, and one day before said regis
tration shail commence thero Shall be published in
two daily newspapers of general circulation in said
city, and in one German and one French newspaper
published in said city, a full and complete state-
ment of the election precincts thus established in
each ward, which statement shall set forth the num-
ber and boundaries of the said election precincts.
Sec. 6. That the State registrars shall provide the
supervisors of registration with the necessary books,
stationery, and blanks for a thorough and complete
registration of the voters of said State, and tho
ballot-boxes necessary to conduct said election; and
the supervisors of registration in each parish of
said State, except the parish of Orleans, shall post,
for three consecutive days prior to the commence-
ment of registration, in three public places in each
ward, printed notices of the place where the registra-
tion office shall be opened in said ward, and the time
when it shall commence and close; and in no case
shall said office ke kept open for a less period than
three days m any one ward. In the city of New
Orleans tho registration offices shall be opened in
one place only in each ward in a central and con-
venient location: Provided, That all supervisors
of registration shall afford every possible facility
for the registration of all legally qualified voters;
and for incompetency or delinquency in the dis-
charge ot their duties tho State registrars may
remove any supervisor of registration.
Sec. 7. That said supervisors of registration shall
register every person qualified to vote by the laws
of said State, and who shall apply and shall issue
to each person so registered a certificate of regis-
tration, to be signed by both supervisors, which cer-
tificate shall specify the name, nativity, age, parish,
and election precinct in which said registered voter
resides. And said certificates shall be numbered to
correspond with the entries made in the books of
registration, and the person to whom such certifi-
cate is issued shall be entitled to vote thereon. In
every case where said supervisors shall disagree as to
the right of any person applying to register, the facts
in the case shall bo submitted m writing to the State
registrars for their decision; and in case of their
disagreement the case shall be referred to the judge
aforesaid, whose decision thereon shall be final;
and in case any person applying shall feel aggrieved
at a refusal to admit him to registration, he may
apply in. writing to the State registrars, and in case
of their disagreement the case shall be referred as
above to the judge aforesaid, and his decision,shall
be final.
Sec. 8. That said supervisors of registration shall,
five days prior to the election, appoint two commis-
sioners of election for each election precinct, who
shall reside in and be qualified voters of the pre-
cinct, and from different political parties. Tho
commissioners shall appoint two clerks. Not less
than three days before the day of election the super-
visors of registration shall post printed notices
stating the place at which the election shall be held
in each election precinct and the names of the com-
missioners of the election. The polling-places shall
be established so as best to accommodate all ihe
voters of the precinct.
Sec. 9. That on-the day fixed for holding the elec-
tion the commissioners of election and their clerks
shall assemble at the place fixed for holding the
election in their respective precincts; in case one or
more of the commissioners shall be absent at the
hour fixed for opening the polls the vacancy or
vacancies shall be filled by the legal voters present:
Provided, that in every case there shall be one
commissionerselected from.each political party. At
six o'clock a. m.they shall open the ballot-boxes in
the presence of the public, they shall then close and
securely fasten the same by lock or seal, and they
shall then proceed to receive the ballots <of such
persons as present themselves and offer to vote,
who furnish certificates of registration as required
by this act, and who reside in the precinct in which
they offer to vote. The polls shall remain open lor
the reception of ballots until six o'clock p.m., when
the commissioners of election shall open the ballot-
boxes in the presence of the public, and' pro-
ceed to count the ballots therein contained, without
cessation, until all shajl have been counted. One
commissioner shall take the ballots from the box,
one at a time, and hand the same to the other com-
missioner, who shall read the names of the persons
thereon, and tho office for which each was voted for;
and the clerks shall keep an accurate tally of the
votes thus counted, with the names and offices of all
persons voted for. When the result has been thus
attained, the commissioners shall make a statement
in writing, signed by them and their clerks, and
sworn to before some officer competent to administer
oaths by the laws of said State, which shall show
the number of votes cast for each person for the
offices to be filled at this election, which statement
shall be made in duplicate, and ono copy delivered
on the day following the election to the supervisors
of registration for the parish or ward in which the
election is held, and the other, securely inclosed in
a strong envelope, transmitted by mail to tho secre-
tary of state in New Orleans. The supervisors of
registration shall, within threo days alter the day
of election, make an accurate compilation of the
votes as returned to them by the commissioners of
election in their respective parishes or wards, and
shall make returns thereof, duly sworn to in dupli-
cate, one copy to be delivered by one of them in
person to the State registrars, and the other shall be
inclosed in a strong envelope and transmitted by
mail to the secretary of state in New Orleans.
Sec. 10. That one day prior to the election the
supervisors of registration shall furnish the commis-
sioners of election in the several election precincts
throughout their respective parishes or wards, writ-
ten or printed lists of all registered voters in the sev-
eral precincts, containing the name and number of
registration of each person entitled to vote at the
precinct; and during the election, as each person
casts his ballot, his name shall be checked on the
list by one ot the clerks, and the other clerk shall
writ© or stamp the word " voted" across the face of
the.'pertificate of registration of the person voting.
These lists shall be returned with the ballot-boxes
and ballots to thesupervisors of registration, and de-
posited by them in the office of the clerk ofthe court
of each parish, except the parish of Orleans, and in
the parish of Orleans in the office of the secretary of
State.
Sec. 11. That all ballots shall be either printed or
written, and each ballotshall contain the names and
officer of all persons voted lor.
Sec. 12. That within ten days after the day of the
election the State registrars shall, in the presence of
the judge aforesaid, open the returns made to them
by the supervisors of registration for the several
parishes of the State and for the several wards of
the city of New Orleans, and examine, canvass, and
compile the same, and make public proclamation
of the result of said election in two newspapers of
general circulation and of opposite politics. They
shall furnish to the secretary of State for the State
of Louisiana a certified list of tbe names of the per-
sons returned elected as members ofthe General
Assembly of said State; the said list shall indicato
the representative district for which each member
of the house of representatives has been elected,
and the senatorial district for which each Senator
was elected; and the persons so returned elected
shall assemble at the Mechanics' Institute in New
Orleans, or at such other place as may be secured by
the proper authority for the meeting of the General
Assembly of said State, on the second Monday after
the date ofthe promulgation of the result of said
election by tho State registrars.
Sec. 13. That the secretary of State shall, on the
second day of the session of the General Assembly,
