890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
pose are we to tax our people to put this
money into the hands of the Board of Health?
According to the argument of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] it is that they
may provide for the removal of dead animals
belonging to the citizens of this District which
died of the epizootic, I suppose ; that we
should provide for cleaning out the privies of
the inhabitants of this District by taxing the
people of the State of Illinois, and of North
Carolina, and of other States; and for vaccin-
ating the clerks in the Departments; who are
getting more pay to-day, and realizing more
profits out of their salaries, than nine tenths of
the farmers of the United States are from
their labor and tbeir farms; and to take care
that the inhabitants of the District of Colum-
bia are not imposed upon by the sale of bad
meat.
Those are the principal items of the business
of this Board of Health, for which we are to
take out of the Treasury $39,000 to enable
them to do it successfully. Now, if members
of this House believe it is their duty to tax the
people of their own States to purify the privies
of the people of this District, the clerks and
secretaries, the heads of Departments and of
bureaus, and to vaccinate these poor people
who are afraid of the small-pox, let them vote
to suspend the rules to take this money out of
the Treasury. For my part I shall do oo such
thing.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 84, nays 87, not voting 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barnum, Barry,
Bingham, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cotchlan, Conner, Cox, Critoher,
Dawes, Duell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Charles Fos-
ter, Wilder P. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Golladay,
Hale, Halsey, Hancock, llarmer, Georgo Hi. Harris,
John B. llawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Ilill, Hooper,
Kulley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lansing, Leach, Lynch,
Marshall, Maynard. MeGrcw, McJunkin, MoKoo,
Merriam, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Nogloy, Pack-
ard, Palmer, Pendleton, Perce, Perry, Peters,Piatt,
Poland, Porter, ltainey, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts,
Rusk, Sargent. Sawyer,Sessions, Sheldon, II. Board-
man Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snajip, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Stowoll, St. John, Turner,
Upson, W'akeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Jere-
miah M. Wilson—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Barber. Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck. James B. Beck,
Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Boarman, Boles,
Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Caldwell,Coburn, Crebs, Crossland, Dodds, Donnan,
Dox, DuBose, Duko, Bunnell, Ely, Fnrnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Honry D. Foster, Garrett, Giddings,
Griffith, Hamblcton, llandlcy, Hanks, Harper, John
T.Harris, llavens, Jlay, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Kerr, Killinger, Lewis, Maclntyre, Malison,
McO!ell;uid, McOorniick, McHonry, McNeely, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Morpliis, Niblaek,
Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Price, Randall. Read, Ed-
ward Y. Rico, John M. Rico, William R. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Slut or,
SIoss, Sneer. Sprague, Storm, Sutherland, Taffo.
Terry, Tyner, Vaughan. Warren, Wells,Whitthorne,
Willard, Winchester, and Young—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Bigby,
James G. Blair, Brooks, Campboll, Carroll, Clarko,
Cobb, Comingo, Cornier, Cotton, Croely, Crocker,
Darrall, Davis, Dickey, Bsty, Farwell, Forker,
GetK, Goodrich. Haldeman, Hoar, Ilolman, Hough-
ton, Kendall, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport,
Lowe, McCrary. MoKinney, Merrick, Mitchell,
Moore, Morey, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Pottor,
Prindle, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion II. Rogers,
Seoneld, Seeley, Sherwood, Shober, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Snyder, Stevens, Stevenson, Swann, Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Tuthill, Twichell, Van Trump, Voorhees. Waddell,
Walls, Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—60.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3711) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864 ;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the committee, and ordered to be
printed.
TIOE METERS.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3703)
for the relief of distillers of spirits by the
refunding and repayment of moneys expended
or deposited by them for Tice meters; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr. RITCHIE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3704) to provide for
the examination or survey of a route to con-
nect the Ohio river and the seaboard by canal
or slack-water navigation by way of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
JULIUS GREISINBACK.
Mr. GIDDINGS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3706) for the
relief of Julius Greisinback, of Waco, Texas;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
CLERICAL FORCE, GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
presented papers in relation to House bill No.
1790, to reorganize the clerical force of the Gen-
eral Land Office; which were referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
PHILIP MILLER.
Mr. McCLELLAND, by unanimous consent,,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3706) for the re-
lief of Philip Miller, late second assistant
engineer in the Navy; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 3708) authorizing the construction
ol' a bridge across the Mississippi river at St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri; which was
read a, first and second time, recommitted to
the committee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I suppose that
these bills which are referred and recommitted
cannot be brought back by motions to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. Those that are recom-
mitted can be.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then I move to
reconsider the votes by which the several re-
committals have been made, and to lay the
motion to recotis der on the table.
Mr. NEGLEY. It is too late for the gen-
tleman to make any objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot regard
it as too late. The business of the House must
be conducted on a fair understanding. The
gentleman from Missouri could have objected
to the reporting of the bill. The motion to
reconsider will be considered as laid upon the
table.
ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, reported back, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, House bill No. 3139,
to provide for a just and equitable distribution
of the award made to the United States by the
commissioners at Geneva, under the treaty of
Washington ;_which was ordered to be printed
and recommitted to the committee, not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
CLAIM OF CITIZENS OF KENTUCKY.
Mr. ADAMS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No, 3707) for the benefit of
sundry citizens of eastern Kentucky who vol-
unteered to aid in the protection of supplies
for the Army; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INDIANS OF CENTRAL SUPERINTENDENCE.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3708) to repeal an act entitled
"An act for the relief of certain Indians in the
central superintendency," approved June 10,
1872; which was read a first and second time,
referred toithe Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
THANKS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 187) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Graddell, the
officers and crew of the steamship Atlanta, of
the White Star line, for saving the captain and
crew of the brigantine Scotland in mid-ocean ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, tenders the thanks of Congress to
Captain Graddell, the officers and crew of the
steamship Atlanta, of the White Star line, for
saving the captain and crew of the brigantine
Scotland, of Portland, Maine, wrecked in a
tempestuous sea in mid-ocean.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN T. MASON.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committefe of Ways and Means, reported
back, with a recommendation that the same
do pass, Senate bill No. 13G7, for the relief
of John T. Mason, formerly collector of cus-
toms at Baltimore, and late United States
designated depositary.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to reopen the account of John T. Mason,
as late collector of customs in the district of
Baltimore, and as late United States designa-
ted depositary, and to refund to said Mason
such sum (not exceeding $3,000) which may
have been paid into the Treasury by him as
may be shown to have been stolen or embez-
zled by his late clerk as said designated depos-
itary, Edward A. Slicer, the Secretary of the
Treasury to be satisfied that such larceny or
embezzlement did not occur through the neg-
ligence or default of said Mason; provided
that in case any of the money so stolen or em-
bezzled shall hereafter be recovered, the same
shall inure to the benefit of the United States.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING COTTON TAX.
Mr. McKEE. I move that the rules be so
suspended as to allow me to submit and the
House to adopt the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and are hereby, instructed to report forthwith
House bill No. 3564, for refunding the cotton tax,
and that said bill be made the special order for
Tuesday, the 28tli instant, after the morning hour,
and from day to day until the same is disposed of.
Mr. MACINTYRE. If this bill shall be
brought back, will it be open to amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. MACIN TYRE. I have a substitute for
the bill, which I wish to offer.
The question was taken on the motion to
