1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
suspend the rules; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes 43, noes 85 ; not two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PERCE said; This bill has now been
pending in the Committee of Ways and Means
for a year, and as near as I can learn there
will be no action taken on this subject by that
committee this session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. PERCE. I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope we may have
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. Let us make a record now.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 77, nays 105, not voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barry,
Erasmus W. Beck. Biggs, Boarman, Boles, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb,
Comingo, Critcher, Darrali, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Elliott, Garrett, Giddings,
Golladay, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hays,
Hereford, Herndon, Kendall, King, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Maclntyre, Maynard, McHenry, McKee,
McKinney, McNeely, Merrick, Morphis. Perce,
Perry, Piatt, Price, Bainey, Read, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Sion H. Rogers, Sheldon, Shober, Sioss,
Speer, Stevens, Stowell, Terry, Turner, xuthill,
Vaughan,V oorhees, W addell,W allace, W ells, White-
ley, Whitthorne, Winchester, and Young—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Barber,
Barnum, Beatty, James B. Beck, Bell, Bingham,
Bird, Austin Blair, Buffinton, Bunnell, Burchard,
Burdett, Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cox,
Crebs, Dawes, Donnan, Eames, Eldredge, Ely, Farns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Harmer,
Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Hazelton. John W. Hazelton, Hibbard,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Killinger, Marshall, McClelland, McCrary, McGrew,
McJunkin, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblack,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton,
Peters, Poland, Porter, Randall, Edward Y. Rtce,
Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Roosevelt,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Storm, St. John, Taffe, Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Warren, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
and John T. Wilson—105.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Banks, Bigby,
James G. Blair, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Camp-
bell, Clarke, Conner, Cotton, Creely, Crocker, Cross-
land, Dickey, Dodds, Esty, Farwell, Forker, Henry
D. Foster, Getz, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hoiman,
Houghton, Kinselia, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe,
Lynch, Manson, McCormick, M orey, Negley,Palmer,
Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Potter, Prinlle, Kobinson,
John Rogers, Rusk, Seeley, Sessions, Sherwood.
John A. Smith, Snyder, Stoughton, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Twichell, Walls, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—58.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
JAPANESE INDEMNITY FUND.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I ask unan-
imous consent to present two petitions of a
character so unusual that I am sure the mere
statement of their object will secure that con-
sent. It will be remembered that some years
ago claims were made upon Japan by several
great Powers, with whom the United States
joined, for compensation for certain damages.
The damages suffered by citizens of the United
States amounted to the comparatively insig-
nificant sum of a little more than $19,000.
We have on hand now, with interest, over
$800,000 of moneys paid us by Japan. I
hold in my hand a petition from nearly sixty
of the leading colleges and universities of this
country, signed in each case by the president
of the faculty and a majority at least of the
leading professors. The petition is signed
also by many boards of education, State and
other superintendents of education, and other
gentlemen prominent in the work of education,
the signatures numbering in the aggregate
about four hundred and fifty names. These
gentlemen ask that these moneys be restored
to Japan, to be used for educational purposes.
1 beg that the petition, which is brief, be read
by the Clerk. The petition from Harvard Uni-
versity, which I present also, is of the same
general tenor, but it asks that the moneys be
returned without condition. I present these
petitions in this manner because it seems to
me that petitions of such weight, with so noble
a purpose, and of great international interest,
are entitled to more distinguished considera-
tion than they would receive under the ordin-
ary custom of merely entering a reference
upon the Journal. I move their reference to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
Petition from faculty of Williams College, Massa-
chusetts.
To tJie Senate and House of Representatives of the
Umted States of America in Congress assembled, The
undersigned would respectfully represent that there
is a large sum of money subject to your disposition,
and not yet appropriated, derived from Japan
under such circumstances that it would be unbe-
coming the character of the United States, as a
just and generous people, to make use of it for the
ordinary purposes of the Government. While there
may be difficulties in the way of returning it directly
to that Government, there are strong reasons why a
due regard should be had, in its expenditure, to the
interests of the people of Japan, extending to them
the means of better education and the benefits of
our higher civilization.
For these and other obvious reasons the under-
signed would urge upon the attention of Congress
the justice as well as the manifest propriety of
making provision by which this money should be
wisely and efficiently applied for the purposes of
education among the people of Japan, under such
rules andlimitations as Congress may think proper
to prescribe, or by which it should be returned
without conditions to the Japanese Government.
And to that end they respectfully pray that Con-
gress would appropriate this sum, to be expended in
such a manner as, by a commission or otherwise, they
shall be advised, is most for the honor of the United
States and the highest interest of the people of
Japan.
The names of the institutions, boards, and
superintendents represented by the signatures
to the petition are as follows:
Williams College, 7; Harvard University, 7; Ver-
mont College, 6; Yale College, 41; California Col-
lege, 13; Brown (Rhode Island) College, 9; Bow-
doiu College, 11; Amherst College, 8; Bates (Maine)
College, 6; Bangor Theological Seminary, Maine, 5;
Union College, New York, 9; Wesleyan University,
Middletown, Connecticut, 8; University, City of
New York, 7; St. Lawrence University, Canton,
New York, 2; College; City of New York, 15; State
Normal-School, Cortland, New York, 15; Polytech-
nic and Collegiate Institute, Brooklyn, New York,
9; Institute of Connecticut, 5; Middlebury College,
6; Trinity College, Connecticut, (vacation time.)l;
Burlington (New Jersey) College, 3; University of
Michigan, 6: Oberlin (Ohio) College, 10; Olivet
(Michigan) College, 5; Northwestern College, Illi-
nois, 7; Hartsville University, Indiana. 5; Beloifc
College, Wisconsin, 8; Milton College, Wisconsin,
3; Ripon College, Wisconsin, 5; Carroll College,
Wisconsin, (vacation time,)l: Lafayette (Pennsyl-
vania) College, 8: Girard (Pennsylvania) College,
7; Franklin and Marshall College, Lancaster, Penn-
sylvania, 6; Moravian College and Theological
Seminary, 4; Marietta College, 7; McKendree Col-
lege, Lebanon, New York, 4; Hamilton College,
New York, 6; State Normal School, Westfield,
Massachusetts, 3; State Normal School, Trenton,
New Jersey, 1; Oxford (Ohio) Female Institute,
8; Carleton College, Minnesota, 3; St. Joseph
(Missouri) College, 7; Roanoke (Virginia) Col-
lege, 6; Howard (Alabama) College, 7; Jonesboro
Female College, 4; Bayler University, Independ-
ence, Texas, 5; East Tennessee University, 4;
Syracuse (New York) College, 7; State Female
College, Tennessee, 6; Vassar (New York) College,
10; Columbia (New York) College, 8; Packer Col-
lege, Brooklyn Heights, New York, 28; Kalamazoo,
(Michigan) College, 4; Otterbein (Ohio) Univer-
sity, 6; Westminster College, New Wilmington,
Pennsylvania, 5; State Normal School, Ohio, 8;
State Normal School, Farmington, Maine, 2; Board
of Education, Oswego, New York, 8; Board o t Edu-
cation, Syracuse, New York, 7; School Board of
Springfield, Massachusetts, 6; Samuel White, secre-
tary Massachusetts Board of Education: Rev. R.
Andrews, president Asbury University, Indiana;
Thomas W. Bicknell, commissioner of public
schools, Rhode Island; Noah K. Davis, president
Bethel College, Kentucky; W. Jackson, superin-
tendent common schools, Maine; J. W. Simonds,
superintendent public instruction. New Haven; W.
H. Ruffner, superintendent public instruction, Vir-
ginia; Alexander M. Ives, superintendent public
instruction. North Carolina; H. R. Pease, superin-
tendent public instruction, Mississippi; H. A. Hen-
derson, superintendent public instruction, Ken-
tucky ; H. B. Wilson, superintendent public instruc-
tion, Minnesota; A. Abernethy. superintendent
public instruction, Iowa; J. 0. Wilson, superin-
tendent public instruction, District of Columbia;
Newton Bateman. superintendent public instruc-
tion, Illinois C. N. Bolander. superintendent public
instruction, California; T. W. Harvey, superintend-
ent public instruction, Ohio; W. W. Wiley, super-
intendent public schools. Terre Haate, Indiana;
Solomon Pool, president University of North Caro-
lina; J. Monteith, superintendent public schools*
*£ ^son Missouri; Orange Hosford, Lansing,
Michigan; A. P. Marble, superintendent public
schools, Worcester, Massachusetts. Total number
of signatures, 452.
Petition from the Faculty of Harvard College,
Cambridge, Massachusetts.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Ainerica, in Congress assembled:
The undersigned would respectfully represent that
there is a large sum of money subject to your dispo-
sition and not yet appropriated, derived from Japan
under such circumstances that it would be unbe-
coming the character of the United States as a just
and generous people to make use ofit for the ordin-
ary purposes of Government.
For these and other obvious reasons the under-
signed would urge upon the attention of Congress
the justice, as well as the manifest propriety, of
making provision by which this money should be
returned without conditions to the Japanese Gov-
ernment.
Charles W.Eliot, president of Harvard College;
A. P. Peabody, professor in Harvard College; Fran-
cis Bowen, professor in Harvard College; Joseph
Levering, professor in Harvard College; H. W.Tor-
rey, professor in Harvard College; Charles F. Dun-
bar, professor in Harvard College; E. W. Gurney,
professor in Harvard College.
The SPEAKER. These petitions will be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. As the petitions come from
the principal universities of the couutry, I
ask that they be printed.
The SPEAKER. Without the signatures ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the petitions will be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of thirteen be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, whose duty it shall be to
confer with the officers and members of the Wash-
ington National Monument Society upon the prac-
ticability of completing the Washington monument
by the approaching centennial; and that said com-
mittee have leave to report at any time by bill or
otherwise.
Resolved further, That Saturday, at two o'clock
p. m., February 22d next, be especially assigned for
the consideration of said report.
Several members objected.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I move to suspend the
rules, so as to adopt the resolution.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 95, noes 23.
Mr. AMBLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two-thirds having voted in favor there-
of) the rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion adopted.
ROOM FOR CAPITOL POLICE.
Mr. AMBLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution $ which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the House Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds be, and they are hereby,
authorized and instructed to designate a suitable
room for an office for the officers of the Capitol
Police.
VESSELS OF WAR.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent-
that the House non-concur in and ask a con-
ference with the Senate upon the amendments
of the Senate to the bill to authorize the con-
struction of six vessels of war, and for other
purposes.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. I desire that
the amendments be printed before we act upou
them.
COMPENSATION OE INFORMERS.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That theCommitteeofWays and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing all laws allowing compensation to informers
as to violationsof thelawsforthecollection of duties
on foreign imports, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
