1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
parish to enforce authority of his government. His
government can only be sustained by an actual eon-
quest of the people, and that by the kind of ftfree
herein indicated, which the people would submit to
rather than have a collision with United States
tr0°PS' JNO. McENERY.
JAMES LEADAND.
fi. W. ORREL.
TOM BRUNUM.
W. F. BLACKM AN.
C. J. C. PUCKETTE.
E. M. GRAHAM.
J. J. BOOLES.
J. B. ELAM.
THOS. PRICE.
N. S. COCKERMAN.
T. S. MILLS.
R. RICHARDSON.
J. R. McDONEJjL.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think it
is important that this Louisiana matter should
be considered, not for the purpose of passing
the bill which has been read at the desk, for 1
believe the passage of that bill and the recon-
struction of Louisiana would be a vast national
misfortune and of great injury to the State of
Louisiana.
There is in Louisiana a small faction (and
I speak advisedly wheu I say a small faction)
who are assuming to compose a State govern-
ment known as the McEnery State govern-
ment. That government is a mere form, with-
out legal authority, without a shadow of title
under the law, but is now endeavoring to start
up strife and bloodshed in the State. I do not
desire now to enter upon a discussion of the
general principles involved in this bill, but to
state the position and the conduct of what is
known as the McEnery government.
Mr. McEnerv, who assumes to be the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana, but the votes for whom
have never been counted by any person having
authority, and who has no legal right or
authority to that office as the matter now
stands, has been doing all that he could, and,
as I am informed, under the advice and insti-
gation of persons in this city, to bring about
resistance to the actual State government of
Louisiana, to destroy the influence of that
government with the people, and to promote
anarchy and civil war in the State.
When it was proposed to inaugurate Mr.
McEnery as Governor, Governor Pinchback,
then the acting Governor of Louisiana, gave
notice that that inauguration would not be
permitted. It was an idle ceremony, which
in itself could do no harm, and to which he
ought to interpose no objection whatever, and
Governor Pmchback was advised from this
city, officially and unofficially, at least unoffi-
cially, to offer no resistance to what they called
the inauguration of Mr. McEnery as Governor
and the formal inauguration of what they
called the McEnery Legislature. The Attorney
General of the United States sent a dispatch
to the United States marshal in Louisiana, a
copy of which I will ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op Jcstice,
"Washington, February 4, 1873.
S. B. Packard, esq.,
United Slates Marshal, Louisiana :
I think there ought to be no forcible interference
with any proceedings to inaugurate McEnery, if
thoy are not accompanied by violence and there is
no attempt to take control of the State govern-
ment. GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
Attorney General.
Mr. MORTON. The purpose was to allow
this inauguration to take place, to allow this
Legislature or the persons composing it to go
through the form of an organization so as to
give them a legal status for the purpose of
testing the question in the courts, not to de-
prive them of that advantage if they desired
to try the question in a legal way, and for that
reason these ceremonies were allowed to take
place. But from the time Mr. McEnery was in-
augurated to this time he has been endeavoring
to assume the power of government, and the
so-called McEnery Legislature has been doing
what it could to stir up strife and to destroy the
authority of the acting de facto State govern-
ment. For the purpose of showing the ani-
mus of Mr. McEnery I ask the Secretary to
read the proclamation issued by him on the
14th of February.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
jProclamation by the Governor*
State of Louisiana, Executive Office,
New Orleans, February 14, 1873.
Whereas information has reached me that certain
persons, pretending to be tax collectors in the city
of New Orleans and in the parishes of the State, but
having 110 legal authority therefor, are issuing
circulars and notices to the tax-payers to come for-
ward within a certain time to pay their taxes and
licenses, threatening certain penalties prescribed by
the law against all parties failing to comply with
such notice, now, I, John McEnery, Governor of the
State of Louisiana, do issue this, my proclamation,
warning all tax and license payers not to oboy or
regard such notice or demand, but to refuse and
resist the same, and to recognize as the only lawful
persons charged with the collection and enforcement
of the taxes, those who hold over as tax collectors
under the government of the State as existing on
the 4th of November, 1872, and those who have been
appointed and commissioned by the undersigned;
full protection will be guarantied by this govern-
ment to all citizens of the State against any penal-
ties or violences which may be attempted by the
persons who may seek to enforce their illegal de-
mands and acts, and to exercise their usurped power
and authority in the premises.
Given under my hand and under the seal of the
State, at the city of New Orleans, this 14th day of
February, A. D. 1873, and the ninety-seventh of the
independence of the United States.
JOHN McENERY.
Mr. MORTON". I will remark in this con-
nection that the dispatch which was read a few
minutes ago, signed by Mr. McEnery and
others, does not contain the truth, as I under-
stand it. I understand that the people in every
parish in Louisiana are quietly submitting to
the Kellogg government, that while there are
a few politicians perhaps in every parish who
are declaring that they will not submit, yet in
point of fact there is actual and complete sub-
mission, and that the government is in full
force and operation in every part of Louisiana.
To show another step that Mr. McEnery has
taken for the purpose of disturbing the condi-
tion of things there, I ask the Secretary to read
a message he sent to the pretended Legislature.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
State of Louisiana,
Executive Office,
New Orleans, February 11, 1873.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
State of Louisiana!
I recommend that your honorable bodies appro-
priate without delay the sufn of $20,000 for the pur-
pose of organizing, equipping, and arming the mili-
tia of the State.
The militia of the State, under existing laws, is
now under process of organization, but it is impos-
sible I can make it efficient and available unless a
sufficient sum is appropriated and raised for the pur-
pose indicated, and the amount herein suggested
seems to me to be reasonable.
If wo are the only legal government, (which no
just minded man in this State can doubt,) it then
behooves us to assert, practically, and that quickly,
the powers of government, and all conspiracies or
usurpations organized or erected to impede, em-
barrass, or prevent the exercise of the powers of the
just and legal governmentmust be crushed in their
incipiency by the civil arm of the government, and
that failing, by the military power of the State,
else we have organized rebellion to subdue, which
necessarily, in its suppression, involves the loss of
human life and the expenditure of great treasure.
The government in Louisiana that asserts not
only in theory its claims to rightful authority,
but enforces that authority by all the powers in-
herent in a State, will be the government recog-
nized not only by the people of the State, but by
the Congress of the United States and all the people
of the Union. It is idle to say that we are the true
and only legal government of this great Common-
wealth unless there is a corresponding action to
demonstrate the force and vigor of this government,
and any other theory is but child's play, and puts us
in the attitude of the enactment of a political farce
in solemn matters that involve the very life and
being of the State,
I further recommend that suitable legislation be
enacted to maintain, support, and equip the police
force of this city, which is now being organized by
the board of metropolitan police by me recently ap-
pointed, in the eventthat the municipal government
of the city of New Orleans, in the present emergency
of public affairs, sees fit not to provide for the pay-
ment of the said force. This legislation will involve
an amendment to the present metropolitan police
law, looking to the organization and payment of this
force from the funds of the State until otherwise
provided, takinsr care to provide that the money
thus expended by the State, should subsequently be
leimbursed b> the city of NewOrleans.
I also further recommend the enactment at once
of a law appropriating the necessary sum for the
payment of members of the Legislature and ex-
penses of government, directing tax collectors to
assess, levy, and collect taxes necessary to meet the
same within thirty days.
JOHN McENERY.
Mr. MORTON. That is the message from
a pretended Governor to a pretended Legisla-
ture which is nothing but a mob. I now ask
the Secretary to read a joint resolution passed
yesterday by this pretended Legistature, and
another proclamation by Mr. McEnery.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
New Orleans, February 26.
The following joint resolution of the McEnry
Legislature was promulgated this evening:
'* Resolved by the senate and house of representatives
of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly con-
vened, That Governor McEnery be, andhe is hereby,
requested to use the civil, and if necessary military,
power of the State to reinstate the judges of the
third, fourth, seventh, and eighth district courts of
the parish of Orleans on their respective benches,
and to sustain them in the exercise of their judicial
powers."
The following proclamation was issued this
evening:
State of Louisiana,
Executive Office,
New Orleans, Februaw 26.
By virtue of the authority in me vested by the
constitution and laws of the State, I, John McEnery,
Governor of the State of Louisiana, call upon and
command all the citizens of the parish of Orleans
between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, subject
to and capable of military duty, to report forthwith
to the headquarters of Major General Waggaman,
commanding the first division of Louisiana militia
at No. 122 Gravier street, for the purpose of enroll-
ment as militia, and for assignment to the several
militia commands now in process of organization
in the parish of Orleans. Persons having arms will
have preference in said enrollment.
The militia thus organized will be disbanded so
soon as the present emergency and exigency in pub-
lic affairs shall cease.
JOHN McENERY.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. McEnery is now get-
ting into deep water. In attempting to carry
out this proclamation, he and his followers
will be mere rioters, and upon refusing to dis-
perse will be liable to be shot in the act; and
{ will call their attention farther to the fact
that this attempt to organize troops and create
military force is treason against tne State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire who that dispatch comes from?
Mr. MORTON. That dispatch is in the
morning papers. I have a dispatch here also
from Governor Kellogg reciting this action in
the same words, and I had it read from the
paper because it was more easily read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire merely to
know the authenticity of it—who it came
from.
Mr. MORTON. I have a dispatch from
Governor Kellogg addressed to the President,
in which he sets forth the proclamation and
resolution in the same words.
The revised statutes of Louisiana contain
this provision:
"Treason against the State shall consist only in
levying war against it, or in adhering to its enemies,
giving them aid and comfort."
The organization of troops has been held by
the Supreme Court of the United States to be
levying war within the meaning of that phrase
as employed in the Constitution of the United
States as well as in the constitution of Louis-
iana, and these gentlemen ought to understand
now that they are engaged in the commission
of treason against the laws of Louisiana, and
if they are held responsible they cannot or
ought not to complain.
1 said it was reported that these proceedings
were instigated from this city, for the purpose
of bringing about a collision, that that might
have its effect upon Congress, to destroy in
the minds of Congress any idea of the power
or the legality of what is called the Kellogg
government. I read from a dispatch sent at a
late hour last night by Governor Kellogg to a
high official in this city:
"Governor "YVarmoth telegraphs urging collision.
I do not think opposition can get strength enough.
They are fast losing the confidence of community,
and the Legislature yesterday had no quorum."
That is, their pretended Legislature.
