1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8W'
William Vails, late a private in company A,
third regiment Indiana volunteer infantry ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2333) to aid in maintain-
ing the fire department in the District of
Columbia.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of ihe Inte-
rior, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 13th instant, concerning lakes, their
number, area, &c., in the land States; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
the vice president's conddct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators, be-
fore commencing the morning business, I ask
your indulgence for a few remarks personal to
myself in my relations to this body as its
Presiding Officer. Grave charges affecting
my character as a man are before the Amer-
ican people, and I do not underrate the cir-
cumstantial evidence by which they are sup-
ported. But, conscious of my innocence and
my rectitude, I respectfully ask for the ap-
pointment of a committee of Senators to make
the most thorough and exhaustive investiga-
tion into these charges, with authority to send
for persons and papers, and a majority of
which committee shall be Senators politically
opposed to me.
The Senator from Rhode Island will please
take the chair.
Mr. Anthony took the chair as Presiding
Officer.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, representing
as I do in part the State of which the Vice
President is a citizen, it is proper that I should
move the appointment of a committee in ac-
cordance with the wish he has just expressed.
In doing that, I desire to say that I do not wish
myself to be appointed a member of that com-
mittee. Let its composition be of the best
men in this body. Perhaps it is not out of
place that I should say on this occasion that
having known the Vice President from the
time he was a youth, I have the most perfect
confidence in his truth, bis integrity, and his
honor. It would require a great deal more
evidence than I have seen or heard to con-
vince the people of the State of Indiana that
he is a dishonest or a dishonorable man.
Mr. President, in response to the wish which
he has expressed, I now move the appointment
of a committee of five.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I cannot,
as at present advised, vote for the appoint-
ment of any such committee. If the Vice
President were a member of this body, whom
■ftre had the power to expel, it would be very
proper that the body should appoint a com-
mittee to investigate charges against him, and
it would be very improper for any other tri-
bunal than the Senate to go further than to
report to the Senate any evidence that might
have come out in any investigation elsewhere.
But the Vice President is an officer of the
Government, and not a Senator. The Senate
has no power over him to depose him, to expel
him, to censure him; and if he has been
guilty of anythiug that subjects him to pun-
ishment, the procedure must be by impeach-
ment, and that can only originate in the House
of Representatives. If there is evidence that
lays a ground for impeaching him produced
before the committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and which satisfies that body that
he ought to be impeached, it is the duty of the
House to impeach him ; and it is not the duty
of the Senate to form any opinion upon his
guilt or innoccnce until articles of impeach-
ment are produced and the evidence is heard
and we are called upon as judges to deliver
our verdict. We cannot with any propriety
enter into an investigation of his conduct and
forestall judgment when, if he be guilty, it is
the duty of the House to impeach him, if he
be innocent it is the duty of that House to
refrain from impeaching him. Our duty, it
such charges come before us, will be the duty
of judges or jurors sitting to try an accusation
against an officer of the United States im-
peached for high crimes and offenses under
the Constitution. It is not for us to investi-
gate beforehand.
I do not say that the Senate has no power
of investigation into the conduct of an indi-
vidual where that investigation becomes neces-
sary in considering some public measure. I
am not here to deny that if, in the investiga-
tion of some public measure upon which we
have to pass in our legislative capacity, it
becomes necessary to get at facts, and those
facts implicate a member of this body or an
officer of the Government, even the highest,
we cannot pursue that investigation. But that
is not this case. The paper just read by the
Vice President informs us that certain charges
implicating his private character have been
made the subject of investigation. With them
we have nothing to do unless they come before
us in the mode pointed out by the Constitution,
and we have no right by any investigation of
Ours to forestall the investigation of the House
of Representatives, or in any wise whatsoever
to affect that investigation either favorably or
unfavorably.
As I said before, he is an officer of the Gov-
ernment, and the only way in which he can be
tried is upon articles of impeachment, and they
can only be presented by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and that House must act on its
own responsibility without any intimation from
us one way or the other. We must do nothing
to promote and nothing to deter the House
from presenting such articles. In other words,
we must sit here as judges with minds not
preoccupied at all, but perfectly free and
unembarrassed to act as judges should act
when the charges have been made and the
testimony and the arguments have been heard.
I can very well understand the motives
which induced the Vice President to lay this
communication before the Senate, and I can
very well understand why he should ask the
Senate over which he presides to investigate
this matter, but he has made a mistake in ask-
ing the Senate to investigate it. However
honorable may be his motives in asking the
investigation, the Senate ought not to order it.
I hope, therefore, that the Senator from
Indiana will not press his motion, but upon
reconsideration will see that it would be ex-
tremely improper for the Senate to intimate
any opinion whatsoever upon this subject; and
certainly it would be improper by any action
of ours to either forestall or deter the investi-
gation in the House of Representatives and
the presentation of such measures in that
House and their adoption as that House in
its wisdom, with its exclusive jurisdiction over
the subject, may see fit to adopt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Indiana, that a
committee of five be appointed in accordance
with the request of the Vice President to make
investigation into the charges that have been
brought against him.
The motion was not agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, late soldiers in the Army, pray-
ing the passage of the bounty land bill passed
by the House of Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RANSOM presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of North Carolina, in
regard to the pensions of soldiers of the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 presented the peti-
tion of the Wisconsin Central Railroad Com-
pany praying for an extension of time for the
completion of its road. The land grant has
been made and a portion of the road com-
pleted, but they ask an extension of two years.
The grant has not yet expired, and they ask
that the time may be extended two years. I
move to refer the petition to the Committee
on Public Lands; and if there be any mem-
bers of the committee present, I desire to call
their attention to it, and ask for speedy action,
by the committee.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Maine, late soldiers in the
Army, praying for the passage of the soldiers'
bounty land bill; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. B UCKINGHAM. I present the memo-
rial of seven national banks in Norwich, Con-
necticut, justifying the movement for the
removal of bank taxes. It is accompanied by
a circular from the National Albany Exchange
Bank to its stockholders, which states that
the board of directors had declared a dividend
of eight per cent, on its capital, and that there
was a tax amounting to $3 68 due on each
share, and suggesting that there should be a
modification of taxation. I would say that I
think the banks enjoy a valuable franchise,
and should pay a reasonable amount to the
Government for it; but the amount which they
pay, both in taxation and dividends, comes
from the business people who make loans of
the banks ; and whenever a bank earns, as in
this instance, sixteen per cent, per annum, and
the taxes are $7 36 on the hundred, those
who loan the capital pay both the dividend -
and the tax. I would call the attention of the
Finance Committee to this subject, and ask
them to make special inquiry whether this is
not burdening bank capital with taxation more
than any other capital. I move that the peti-
tion be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I present a petition of a large
number of citizens of Sebastian county, Ark-
ansas. in which they respectfully represent
that they are not protected in the enjoyment
of rights guarantied to them under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States and of
the State of Arkansas. The petition has ref-
erence to the illegality of the late election
there, held in November last, at which they
allege that the ticket of one party was elected
throughout, and the candidates upon the ticket
of the other party were illegally and improperly
certified to be elected by the canvassing board.
They ask the intervention of Congress, for the
purpose of giving them what the Constitution
guaranties them, a government republican in
fact as well as in form. I move that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I present several other peti-
tions, numerously signed, containing the same
prayer, from other parts of the State of Ark-
ansas. I move their reference also to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Sarah
Ann Holland, praying relief from the United
States for injuries received by her husband,
Thomas Holland, by the explosion of a shell
on March 13, 1866, at the Washington navy-
yard, by which Thomas Holland lost his
life ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Virginia against the pass-
age of the bill repealing the bankrupt law
recently passed by the House of Representa-
tives; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
William J. Stowell, heir of William Stowell,
deceased, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
„ t , tt
He also presented the petition of John M.
Viers and others, citizens of Maryland, praying
