1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
government and the supreme court of that
State had recognized the other government as
the true government, which decision would
the Supreme Court of the United States have
followed, that of the political department
of the Federal Government or that of the
judicial department of the government of the
State? We ail know that it would have fol-
lowed the decision of the political department
of the Federal Government, although it was
adverse to the decision of the judicial depart-
ment of the State. We all know the very
principles laid down in that decision would
have required the court so to do.
But, sir, it may be put in another way to
show that this decision is not binding upon us.
Here is a question as to who is Senator of
the State of Louisiana, who is entitled to a
seat in this body as Senator from that State.
Who is the judge of that question? By the
Federal Constitution this Senate is the judge,
and the sole judge of that, and in deciding
that question it is bound by no decision made
by any judicial power whatsoever. It is the
highest, it is the only court to decide that
question, and it decides according to its own
judgment and its own lights, and not accord-
ing to the judgment and the lights of others.
When, therefore, two persons present them-
selves here claiming to be Senator from Louis-
iana, General McMillan on the one hand,
and Mr. Ray upon the other, this Senate must
decide for itself which of those two is Senator
from that State, and in that decision it cannot
be bound by anything that the Supreme Court
of Louisiana has done or said.
I grant that the opinion of a State court is
entitled to respect here and in any doubtful
case it ought to govern us. Where the de-
cision is free from doubt or suspicion, certainly
the greatest respect ought to be paid to it;
and yet there is nothing more settled than
that the power of a branch of a Legislature to
decide upon the election, qualifications, and
returns of its own members is a power that is
untrammeled by any judicial decision whatso-
ever. You have only to look into Cushing's
work to see case after case cited in which a
branch of a State Legislature has decided that
A B or C D was a member of that branch or
was not-a member, in direct contradiction of
the decision of the judiciary of that State.
Why, sir, we had a case in my own State
whifrh illustrates it very well, a case that un-
derwent very great argument at the bar of the
senate by counsel as well as by the senators.
The supreme court of the State of Ohio hid
decided that an individual who had more white
blood than black blood in him was to be con-
sidered a white 'man under our constitution,
whicli limited the right to vote to white men.
The supreme court had affirmed that doctrine
again aud again ; so that if the judges of elec-
tion had refused to receive the vote of a man
who had more white than black blood in his
veins, .on the ground that he was not a white
man, an action of damages would lie against
them and would be sustained by every court
in the State. And yet when the question came
before the senate of Ohio whether a senator
was elected whose majority consisted of the
votes of such persons, the senate decided,
and nobody disputed the law, that it had the
right to construe the constitution for itself,
notwithstanding the solemn adjudication of
the supreme court of the State ; and so when
wo come to decide between McMillen and
Ray we must decide for ourselves upon the
facts and upon the law as we understand it to
be; we are not bound by the decision of the
supreme court of that State.
There is nothing in this that is inconsistent
with State rights; there is nothing in this that
is inconsistent with the duty that we owe to the
States ; there is nothing in this that is inconsist-
ent with the fair interpretation of our powers
under the Federal Constitution.
I say then, Mr. President, looking at these
returns and deciding as a Senator, as I have a
right to do for myself, looking at the facts in
this ease, I cannot agree that the Lynch board
was the lawful returning board, and that I am
concluded by its action. I leave out of view
the most disgraceful circumstances that accom-
panied that decision ; 1 leave out of view the
telegram from New Orleans to Washington
that the majority of that court were known to
be in sympathy with the Republican" party,
meaning that they were known to be in favor
of the Kellogg government; I leave out of
view the disgraceful fact that the relatives of
two of those three judges have been appointed
by Kellogg to offices whose emoluments range
from ten to fifteen thousand dollars per annum;
I leave out of view the fact that the nephew of
the third judge is one of the senators returned
by that Lynch board and holds his position
there simply by the recognition of that board
and the support of Federal bayonets—leaving
these disgraceful things wholly out of view
and treating that court as perfectly pure and
upright and intelligent, still I come back to
the fact that we have the right to decide who
is the Senator from that State as we are the
sole judges, of that question, not bound by
anything that the supreme court of Louisiana
has said.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
whether the power is not the same in Congress
as in the State Legislature ? Bach house of a
State Legislature has the right to judge of the
qualification and election of its own members.
We may inquire whether a man has been
properly elected, but we have no right to go
behind and inquire whether a particular mem-
her of thit Legislature has been properly
elected. We take that Legislature as the State
gives it to us. In that case the Legislature was
organized. The power of contest existed. If
there were men there who had no right there,
others had a right to contest their seats, and
the Legislature itself, each house, was to decide
upon the right of their members. Their mem-
bership is absolutely under their control. We
take the Legislature as they give it to us, but
we cannot go behind and inquire whether John
Brown or John Jones was properly elected.
That right belongs to the house itself to which
those men belong.
Mr. THURMAN. I was speaking of the
Governor. When we come to the Legislature,
it will be time enough to speak of that. I
was speaking of who is Governor of Louis-
iana, who should be- recognized by Congress
as the Governor of Louisiana, and speaking
of that I say that we are not bound at all by
the decision of the supreme court of that State,
and not being bound by it, what shall we go
to, whit can we go to, but the election re-
turns which are admitted to be legal? If there
were fraud at the election of Governor, Con-
gress is not clothed with power to investigate
that question. We All agree upon that. That
contest must be made under the State consti-
tution and laws. It is not for us to go into any
such inquiry. It is sufficient for us to know
that here are two persons claiming to be
Governor of that State, that one of them has
a majority of the votes according to the legal
returns, that .the other has not, and therefore
it is our duty not to be drawn away from the
true conclusion to which we should arrive by
any technicality whatsoever, but it. is our duty |
to recognize that man as Governor who has
the legal majority of the votes according to
the legal returns. That seems to me to be
the solution of this difficulty.
I do not go into the question whether the
President was hasty or not hasty in recognizing
the Kellogg government. I leave that for the
present at least. 1 do not wish to embarrass
this question with considerations of a party
character, and in which it might be supposed
that one was influenced by his party predilec-
tions. I wish to look at it simply as a lawyer,
and looking at it in that light nothing seems to
me clearer thin that we are bound to recog-
nize McKnery ad f.:e Govsrnor of that State.
Then, sir, as to the Legislature, having said
that we are not bound by the decision of the
supreme court as to who is the Governor of
that State, in like manner we are not bound
by the decision of the supreme court in determ-
ining the question which of two bodies ia
the Legislature of that State. We have to de-
cide who is Senator from Louisiana. Here
are two persons claiming a seat, one elected
by one body claiming to be the Legislature,
the other elected by another body claiming to
be the Legislature.
Now, sir, as the decision of the question
which is the true Legislature belongs to the
political department of the Government, and
the judicial department is bound, as was said
in Luther vs. Borden by the Supreme Court
of the United States unanimously, by the de-
cision of the political department, it follows as
a matter of course that we are bound to decide
that question for ourselves, irrespective of any
decision that the supreme court of Louisiana
may have made. If we would not be bound
by the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, as that court has admitted we
would not; if, on the contrary, that court is
bound by our decision; if the highest judicial
tribunal in the United States cannot bind us
in deciding this question, how can it be pre-
tended that the decision of a supreme court of
a State can bind us ? Such an argument will
not bear investigation at all. The moment
you admit what was laid down in Luther vs.
Borden, and has been recognized as law ever
since, that the determination of the question
which is the legal Legislature in a State, who
is the legal Governor of a State, belongs to
the political department of this Government,
and that the judicial department is bound by
the decision of the political, the moment you
admit that undeniable and incontrovertible
law that moment you free yourselves from any
trammels created by this decision -of the
supreme court of Louisiana.
That being the case, we look at the facts to
find out which was the Legislature, and pray
what do we find? We find a body claiming to
be the Legislature established by bayonets,
under the order, admitted to be void and of
no authority, of a district judge of the United
States. We find that under an order abso-
lutely void, which the judge had no more
authority to pronounce than any Senator on
this floor, and by the employment of troops of
the United States, a particular body of men
were inaugurated as the Legislature, of that
State, -and now it is said that we cannot look
at that fact; now it is said that we can take no
cognizance of the fact that that Legislature had
its origin in the usurpation of a judge and the
employment of military force; now it is said
that we cannot look through this flimsy veil
that is thrown over this body to ascertain the
real facts of the case, but that because the
supreme court of Louisiana has seen fit to
recognize that body as the Legislature, there-
fore our mouths are closed and our eyes are
shut to the truth of the case. Sir, that will
not do at all. A body, calling itself the Legis-
lature, that has its origin in usurpation aud
violence wholly unknown to our Constitution,
that was set up by fraud, by usurpation, and by
force, cannot be recognized by the Senate of
the United States as a legitimate Legislature.
Mr. President, after reading with great ad-
miration the very impartial statement of facts,
as far as I understand them, by my friend from
Indiana, after his concurrence in the state-
ment of facts made by this committee, I must
confess that I was surprised that, nevertheless,
he came to the legal conclusion that he did; that
he came to the conclusion that this Governor
Kellogg and his so-called Legislature must be
recognized by us, even though it is perfectly
apparent and is not denied that they did not
receive a majority of the votes of the people
of Louisiana. No, sir, we are not to be de-
prived of the right to look the truth squarely
m the face by any such flimsy covering as that.
