806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of West Virginia, asking Congress
tft lavor the passage of abillto resell the water
privileges at Harper's Perry; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY presented the petition of
E. B. Bisbop, praying the extension of his
patent for a new mode of deepening channels
in rivers and harbors ; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of the
Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway Company,
praying permission to bridge the Mississippi
liver at La Crosse ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCUURZ presented the memorial of
Francis A. Ryan, a citizen of Wisconsin,
remonstrating against the passage of the sol-
diers' bounty land bill, so called; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Nancy Houston, mother of Lorenzo C. Hous-
ton, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Plymouth and Detroit, Maine, praying the
passage of a law granting a pension to Nancy
Houston, mother of Lorenzo C. Houston, pri-
vate company G, sixteenth regiment Maine
volunteer infantry ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OJ? COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 2620) to remit the excise taxes
upon alcohol used by universities and colleges
for scientific purposes; and as this bill is for
a single obejct expressed in its title, I hope
it may be passed at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go on the Calen-
dar. We shall reach it by to-morrow, if it is
put there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will go on the Calendar.
Mr. WEST. The Committee on Military
Affairs have had under consideration the bill
(S. No. 77) for the relief of Colonel George
W. Kirk, and directed me to make a written
report thereon. The report recommends cer-
tain action in the case, not the passage of the
bill, but the withdrawal of the papers; and I
ask that it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Louisiana asks unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of this bill for
the purpose of having the report read.
Mr. WEST. The report makes a recom-
mendation that the claimant have leave to
withdraw his papers. I merely want to get
action, that the committee maybe discharged.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Senator moves that the further consideration
of the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WEST. No, Iwant the report adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the recommendation of the com-
mittee to be that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his papers.
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to that course, and leave
will be granted to withdraw the papers.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1130) authorizing the Secretary of War to
correct an Army officer's record, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1131) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to correct an Army
officer's record, reported adversely thereon ;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3617) making an appro-
priation to defray the expenses of the Ameri-
can and British claims commission, to report it
with an amendment; and I ask that it be con-
sidered, now.
The bill was read.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with an amendment to add the follow-
ing clause :
For the payment of contractors for stone-work,
and- other employes, on the post office and court-
house in New York city, $500,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to
taking up that bill subject to the morning busi-
ness. I have been trying for two or three
mornings to get rid of some business that I
have in charge.
Mr. COLE. This bill will take but a mo-
ment, and the necessity for its passage at once,
I think, is very pressing, because of the fact
that the testimony of witnesses is being taken
at distant points, and it will result in very con-
siderable loss unless the means to supply them
be furnished without the ordinary delay toward
the end of a session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Minnesota withdraw his objec-
tion?
Mr. WINDOM. I will after I introduce
some bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The intro-
duction of bills is not yet in order.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I wish to make a
report.
Mr. COLH. Let us dispose of this bill first.
It will take but a moment. It has been read.
Mr. WINDOM. I think we ought to dis-
pose of the morning- hour business first, and
after that there will be ample time to dispose
of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single
objection carries the bill over, and the Senator
from Minnesota objects. Reports of commit-
tees are still in order.
Mr. WINDOil, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1320) to incorporate the Arkansas
Valley and Cimarron Railway Company, and
graut right of way over the public lands,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MOK.RILL, of Vermont." The Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom were referred the
petitions of a number of merchants of Mobile,
prayiug for the remission of duties paid to the
confederate government, ask to be discharged
from their further consideration. On inquiry
at the executive department it is ascertained
that the action of the Attorney General will
be such that no further legislative action on the
subject will be necessary. It seems the dis-
trict attorney of Alabama has instituted suits
for the collection of duties claimed to be due
to the United States during the time when the
ports of entry in that State were in the hands
of the confederate government exclusively.
The Attorney General of the United States
feels it proper to direct the district attorney
to enter a nolle prosequi, and says there i3 no
public law authorizing the collection of these
duties, and if there was, it would be against
the highest public policy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
mittee will be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petitions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am instructed by
the Committee on Investigation and Retrench-
ment, to whom was referred a resolution rela-.
tive to the defalcation of J. L. Hodge, of the
United States Army, to report it back and.
state that they do not regard it as necessary
to take any legislative action on the subject,
and therefore ask to be discharged from its
further condsideration.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1374) to aid the
American Printing-House for the BliDd and
the American University for the Blind, in the
District of Columbia,' asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill (S. No. 1463) to require
reports of savings banks organized under laws
of the United States, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the petition of De Witt
C. Chipman, praying the payment of moneys
withheld from him to cover uncollected rev-
enue tax during his incumbency in office, sub-
mitted a report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed ; and the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition.
Mr. WRIGHT. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. N o. 3399) to provide for obtaining
information of the condition of banks organ-
ized under State laws, to report it back with-
out amend ment and recommend its passage;
and as I suppose this is the last report to be
made this morning, and there certainly can be
no objection to the bill, I ask to have it put on
its passage.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it lie
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made the bill will lie over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Sen-
ator will object if he will hear the bill read,
because it does not contain any attack upon
the States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read for information if there be no
objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it lie
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will lie over.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Samuel Birdsall jr., praying payment of arrear-
ages of pension, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of William D. Ludlow, praying permis-
sion to apply to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of certain letters-patent, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied byabill (S. No.
1478) to enable William D. Ludlow to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents for
the extension of letters-patent for an improve-
ment in refrigerators.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 939) for the relief
of William H. Akins and Jacob D. Felthousen,
their heirs and assigns, reported adversely
thereon; and it was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from tnesame committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of citizens of Chicago
and divers other places in favor of the petition
of William H. Akins and Jacob D. Felthousen,
praying the extension of their patent for an im-
provement in sewing-machines, and also vari-
ous remonstrances against the same, asked to
be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
William H. De Groot, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 3253) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a commission to complete the
