1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
I think, therefore, that the true solution of
this matter is to recognize MeEnery as the
Governor of that State. If that should be done,
then I think we shall have peace there in a very
short time, and a legal Government there in a
very short time. Then the President of the
United States, I have no doubt, will do what
will then be plainly his duty to do, recognize
the same individual, for every one must admit
that the President is bound by the recognition
of Congress. If Congress shall recognize
MeEnery as the Governor of that State, the
President is bound to recognize Mm, too. The
President had a right as a matter of course to
decide in the first instance, before Congress
had spoken. I have said so heretofore, and I
repeat it; but his decision is in no degree bind-
ing on us, while our decision is binding on him.
Sir, recognize this man who had the majority
according to the legal returns of the election
as the Governor of the State, and then the
President can recognize him, and then all will
go well.
There is no necessity whatever to order a
new election, even if we had the power to do
it. There is no evidence here sufficient to
warrant us in setting aside the men in whose
favor a majority of the votes have been cast
according to the legal returns. We cannot
overthrow a legal State government upon any
such vague testimony as that adduced in this
case. We have no right because one party
has been disappointed in the election, because
affidavits have been got up in the way they
have, to overthrow the men who received a
majority of the votes that were cast. If their
right to seats is to be decided, it must be
decided under the constitution and laws of the
State. It is not for us to contest it.
I cannot, therefore, concur with my friend
from Wisconsin that if a case could arise in
which it would be our duty to order an elec-
tion, this is any such case. It seems to me
that nothing is plainer than our duty. Upon
the facts as reported by every member of this
committee, upon the tacts to which no mem-
ber of this committee dissents, MeEnery re-
ceived the majority of the votes according to
the legal returns, and whether those returns
have been legally canvassed or not, when we
come to decide what government we will rec-
ognize, we are bound to look at the substance
of things and not stick in the bark, and recog-
nize him as the Governor of that State. We
are not bound in any sense whatsoever to rec-
ognize this pretended Legislature set up under
the void order of a Federal district judge and
by the force of the bayonets of the Army.
Whether we are bound to recognize the
other body is another question. I am not
sufficiently conversant with the facts to know
whether that other body has any legal validity
or not. But suppose the result of it should be
that neither one of these bodies of the Legis-
lature is the true Legislature, still our duty to
recognize MeEnery as Governor remains, and
the other matter I have no doubt will work out
its own solution with the people of that State
without violence and without difficulty.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to one fact ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not do it witli a view
of disturbing him at all in the course of his
Mr. THURMAN. Itdoes not disturb me.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator's argument
seems to proceed upon the idea that the Me-
Enery returns were legal except some inform-
ality in canvassing them, and on that ground
he claims the right of recognition of the Me-
Enery government. I merely wish to state
one fact so that we may not fall into error in
this discussion. I have not talked with mem-
bers of the committee, but I do not suppose
there is one of them who recognizes those re-
turns as legal returns. A portion of those
returns were examined by the committee, ana
it was stated by a gentleman of high character
respecting one side of this case and it was
acknowledged and admitted right there that
they were forgeries. Therefore, I do not wish
to have the Senate or the country led into the
belief that the only doubt about the MeEnery
returns was the informality in the counting
of the votes, because that is not the fact. The
fact is that a portion of the returns were abso-
lute forgeries. The returns from some six or
eight parishes were presented to us by Senator
Ray, calling the attention of the committee to
the fact that the returns were made out in one
handwriting; the whole list of names, the
figures, the certificates of the judges of elec-
tion, the oath of the judges, and everything
connected with them were in the same hand-
writing. They were exhibited to the commit-
tee, and no one of the committee who exam-
ined the returns will deny this fact. I
examined them myself carefully, and called
the attention of the chairman to the fact when
Mr. Ray presented them to the committee and
exhibited them to the committee.
Mr. SCHURZ. There is no evidence of
that fact.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I stated the fact as it
stood before the committee as far as I am
concerned, and all of us who were present at
the time agreed that those returns were for-
geries.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the further fact that there
was evidence before the committee to show
that the returns from two parishes distant
from New Orleans a long way were made out
in New Orleans.
Mr. LOGAN. That is true. The reason
why I make this suggestion at this time is in
order to justify the reasoning of the majority
of the committee. We came to the conclusion
that both elections were fraudulent, but that
there was prima facie more evidence of fraud
on that side than the other ; but when we ar-
gued and tried to come to a conclusion as to
the right of either party upon the ground that
either one could come in without fraud, we
found that to be a fallacy, because the evidence
clearly shows and was exhibited to every one
there that many of these returns, at least six
of them, were absolute forgeries.
Mr. THURMAN. This is the first time I
ever heard of the fact. I am obliged to my
friend for mentioning it.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely stated it so that we
may have it before us in this discussion.
Mr. THURMAN. It was very pertinent
for my friend to call my attention to it. It is
a very pertinent matter, indeed, and if reject-
ing those forged returns MeEnery has not a
majority of the votes, then I cannot vote to
recognize him as Governor, but I understood
the fact to be acknowledged that upon the
legal returns, those about which there could
be no controversy, he had the majority. If I am
in error about that the Senator will correct me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is perhaps better to
have the exact fact in regard to this matter
before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I will yield the floor. I
have said all that I desire to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall only occupy it
a moment.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish it to be
considered that the Senator is occupying my
time. I yield the floor ; I have said all that I
desire to say now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The De Feriet board in
counting the returns of the Legislature said
this:
"We, the undersigned returning officers, pursuant
to authority vested in us by act No. 98, of 1872, ap-
proved November 20,1872, do hereby certify that the
foregoing is a true and correct compilation of the
statements of votes cast at an election for representa-
tives to the General Assembly, held in the several
parishes of the State of Louisiana on the 4th day of
November, 1872, as made by the supervisors of regis-
tration of the said parishes, and we hereby declare
that the following-named persons were duly and law-
fully elected to represent their respective districts,
to wit"—
They go on then and name the persons
elected from the different districts.
" There being no returns from the parishes of
St. Tammany and Terrebonne, and only meager,
informal, and illegal returns from the parishes of
Iberville and St. James, we do not take the re-
sponsibility to deolare the result of the election in
the same, but postpone action to await the determin-
ation of the General Assembly."
Mr. THURMAN. How is the majority
according to the legal returns ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the Legislature ?
Mr. THURMAN. No ; on the Governor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Legislature counts
the vote for Governor. The board make up
a statement of it, and then it goes to the Legis-
lature, which under the constitution is required
to declare the vote for Governor. The majority
on the Governor's vote, I think, is about seven
thousand for MeEnery; I have not the figures
before me.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it seven thousand
after rejecting the returns of which the Sen-
ator from Illinois on my right [Mr. Logan]
has spoken ?
Mr. MORTON. Those returns are not re-
jected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will turn to the exact
figures. I can give them in a moment.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have them.
Mr. TRUMBULL- The vote for Governor,
according to the Mitchell board—that was the
board that succeeded the De Feriet board—is
66,403 for MeEnery and 59,760 for KeHogg.
That is a majority of between six and seven
thousand. The Mitchell board succceded tho
De Feriet board ; the Senator understands, I
suppose, how that is?
Mr. THURMAN. Yea, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Mitchell board
made this computation of the votes for Gov-
ernor, and that is the result at which they
arrived. If the Senator from Ohio will turn
to the last page of this volume of testimony,
he will find what was said by Mr. Ray in re- .
gard to forged returns: r.-
" John Ray recalled.
" The Witness. I desire to call the attention of
the committee to a statement, atasuggestion made by
one member of the committee yesterday. I exam-
ined and found, and if the committee will act as ex-
perts they will find, that the commissioners of elec-
tions in several cases in the parishes have their names
forged to the affidavits. For instance, there is one
from Madison parish, [exhibiting the papers,] and
so in the parish of Grant also, and in the parish of
Point Coupee, and in the parish of East Baton
Rouge, which, if the committee will examine as ex-
perts, they will find it very evident in some eases
that they were forged."
That was the evidence about it, the state-
ment of Mr. Ray. We had no other evidence
of their being forged at all, and I was never
satisfied myself that there were any forged
returns.
Mr. THURMAN. What page does the
Senator refer to ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The very last testimony
in the book.
Mr. THURMAN. But from what page did
the Senator read the figures he gave us ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The figures which I
read are to be found at page 573 to page 577.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
to postpone the further consideration of the
bill till the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Georgia has been printed and laid
before the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope that will not
be done.
Mr. THURMAN. Can a motion be made
to postpone to an indefinite time in that way?
Must it not be a definite time, as, for instance,
to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order.
Mr. HILL. If the Senator from Ohio will
allow me a moment, I will state for the in-
formation of the Senate, if they did not hear
the amendment read at the desk, that its posi-
tions are so simple that there need be no delay
