1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
boundary line between the territory of the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain not completed under the act of August
11, 1856, to carry into effect the first article
of the treaty of June 15, 1846, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary A. Porter
Brown, praying remuneration for the services
of her late husband, John P. Brown, as secre-
tary and dragoman of the United States lega-
tion at Constantinople, reported adversely
thereon ; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Blanchard,
praying to be remunerated for services ren-
dered to prevent depredations by the rebel war
vessel Shenandoah, reported adversely there-
of; and the committee was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 693) for the relief of Charles
Trichler, of the county of Adams, Ohio, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2970) for the
relief of the widow and children of George
Jones, deceased, of Daviess county, Kentucky,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1413) to authorize
the appointment of a captain of scouts', re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 46) to enable the Secretary of War
to pay the expenses incurred in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the Territory of Montana
in the year 1807, to report it without amend-
ment, and submit a report thereon. There are
two members of the Committee on Military
Affairs who are upon the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and this matter was before the
Committee on Appropriations last year; but
under some rule of that committee the appro-
priation was not made. I ask, therefore, that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that the report had better be printed,
atid after that is done the Senator can make
his motion to refer the claim.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I move now simply
that the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs be printed. I shall make the other
motion hereafter.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3307) for the relief of Emma B. Gard-
ner, the widow of Lieutenant W. F. Gardner,
repotted it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 1480) for the relief of W. W.
Elliott; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, reported a bill (S. No.
1479) fixing the salaries of certain officers;
which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BUCKING-HAM submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874, and for other.purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropiiations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (II. R. No. 3258) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic service of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1874.
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 57.
and for other purposes; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1464) to amend the charter of the
Grutle Verein Association; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed
Mr. FENTON (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1465) for the extension of
a patent to Alexander Douglass, of New York;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1466) to incorporate the
Washington and-Rock Creek Valley Railroad
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1467) to provide for the
payment of Dr. Mary E. Walker for.services
in the Army; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANSOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1468) to provide for the erection of a build-
ing suitable for the use of the United States
courts, post office, aud other necessary Gov-
ernment offices at Asheville, North Carolina;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1460) creating the collection district of south-
ern Oregon; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, (by request,)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1470) for the
relief of Egbert Thompson ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1471) for the relief of Jo-
siah George Jennings ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1472) to repeal an act entitled ''An act
further regulating the construction of bridges
across the Missouri river," approved June 4,
1872 ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
cobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1473) to amend the eighth section of an act
entitled "An act to authorize the construction
of a bridge across the Mississippi river at or
near the town of Clinton, in the State of Iowa,
and other bridges across said river, and to
establish them as post roads," approved April
1, 1872; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1474) authorizing the pay-
ment of prize money to the officers and crew
of the United States steamer Bienville ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill' (S. No. 1475) for the relief of
Daniel Mosher, jr.; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I a;sk leave to intro-
duce a bill at the request of a great many offi-
cers of the Government, who ask the passage
of a bill authorizing them to assign their pay
and the assignee to receive it. I know noth-
ing about the merits of the bill. I introduce
it by request simply, without being in any
way committed to the policy of the measure,
and ask its reference to the Committee on
Finance.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1476) to legalize assignments of pay of
the officers of the Army, Navy, Marine corps,
officers, clerks, and other employes of the civil
service of the United States ; which was read
twice by its titles referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1477) granting a pension to Catherine
Ferry ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1481) concerning and authorizing the
Washington, Cincinnati, and St. Louis Rail-
road Company to extend and construct their
railroad into the District of Columbia and
through the States of West Virginia, Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, to the city .of St. Louis,
in the State of Missouri; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
MOIETIES OF CUSTOMS OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. THURMAN submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate as to the aggregate
amount of money, the proceeds of fines, compro-
mises, forfeitures, and seizures, which has been paid
since the 1st of July, 1869, to officers of the customs,
detectives, and informants, with the specific amount
which each such person has received.
EP.R0R IN AN ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following
concurrent resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Revolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring.) That the joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills be authorized to correct an error in
the enrolled bill (S. No. 161J for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of the salt works near
Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the orders of
Major General Carlos Bueli, by staking out the name
of the firm erroneously written "Gilson & Chastam,"
and-inserting in lieu thereof the correct name of
Gibson & Chastain, and by striking out the name of
tl\e firm erroneously written "I. and D. White."
and inserting the correct name of " J. and D.
White."
DEVELOPMENT OF MINING RESOURCES.
Mr. EDMUND3 submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing be, and it hereby is, directed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the limitations of time eon-
tamed in the act af May 10,1872, entitled "An act to
promote the development of the mining resources
of the United States."
BRITISH CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. COLE. Now, Mr. President, I ask to
have the bill taken up which was laid aside
temporarily a short time ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that bill will be considered as
b'efore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and the question is on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is that bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A bill (H.
R. No. 36.17) making an appropriation to de-
fray the expenses of the American and British
claims commission, reported by the Senator
