898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
from California [Mr. Cole] from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not the Calendar in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar would be in order; bat, the Senate have
ordered the consideration of the pending bill.
Mr. COLE. It will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to have the
amendment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Appropriations
is to add to the bill the following:
For payment of contractors for stonework and
other employes in the post office and court-house
in Now York city, 8500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to offer an amend-
ment that was voted down upon the yeas and
nays the other day, evidently under a misap-
prehension, relative to the Carson mint. The
expenses of the Carson mint, according to the
superintendent's report, during the present
fiscal year will reach $102,000. The amount
of appropriation already made is $107,900.
The Treasury Department have estimated for
the next year $139,900. The appropriation bill
contains $117,900. The amendments adopted
bring it up to'the estimates, makng the differ-
ence between $117,900 and $139,900. That
is less than the actual cost of running the
establishment for the present fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
misled about the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I thought the legislative
appropriation bill was up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; this bill
is about the claims commission.
Mr. STEWART. Then I will not offer any
amendment to this bill.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended by adding the words
"and for other purposes."
vienna exposition.
Mr. SCHURZ. After a consultation with
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I move
that the vote be reconsidered by which the
Senate non-concurred in the amendments of
the House to the amendments of the Senate
to the Vienna exposition joint resolution, (II.
R. No. 170,) with a view to move afterward
that those amendments be concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate insisted on its
amendments, and agreed to a conference
committee on the joint resolution (H. R. No.
170) to enable the people of the United
States to participate in the advantages of the
international exposition to be held at Vienna
in 1873.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I move now that the
amendments of the House to our amend-
ments be concurred in, and that our second
amendment, to which the House disagreed,
be receded from.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the
amendments be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment dis-
agreed to by the House is the second amend-
ment made by the Senate, which is to strike
out "twelve'.' and insert " eight, and of scien-
tific men not, exceeding seven;'' sons to road:
That thi, President he authorized to appoint a
number of practical artisans not exceeding eight,
and of scientific men not exceeding seven, who shall
attend such exposition, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to
have the bill read as it will be if we concur
with the House, so that the Senate may under-
stand it.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will listen
to me for one moment, perhaps it will super-
sede the necessity of reading the entire joint
resolution.
The House first passed the joint resolution
appropriating $100,000 for this purpose. It
came to the Senate, and th'e Senate agreed to
it, with an amendment appropriating $300,000.
It went back to the House, and the House in-
creased their original appropriation of $100,000
to $200,000; or, in other words, agreed to
our amendment of $300,000, with an amend-
ment reducing the amount to $200,000; and
that is the condition in which it stands.
I understand that the condition of things is
such that the Senator from Missouri thinks a
committee of conference cannot be agreed to
in the House, and therefore it is wise to agree
to the amendment of the House fixing the
appropriation at $200,000. That is precisely
the position of the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ I do not
know precisely in what shape this leaves the
joint resolution. If it leaves the $200,000 to
be appropriated for mere show officers, to go
abroad and make a display, I am against it.
If it makes an appropriation so as to send
master mechanics, foremen, experts in the
various branches of trade and art, then I am
in favor of it, because it can be done at a very
small expense. But if this leaves the power
optional with any officer of our Government
to give not only large salaries, but to pay the
expenses of gentlemen to be sent abroad, I
am against the whole of it.
I understand that at the exposition at Paris
many of the master workmen of England
were sent there at the expense of the trades,
and that, their report, when brought back to
Great Britain, was more valuable than any
other. I think this expenditure of $200,000
had better be reserved for our own exposition
in 187(5; but if made, I desire that wo shall
have something to show for it, and that we
shall send there men who are conversant with
the several branches of manufacture, trade,
and the fine arts, if you please, and when they
come back that they shall make a report which
shall bo of some value to our whole country.
But, merely sending gentlemen abroad to ex-
hibit themselves with a star on the left breast,
or to acquire some badge of honor, and to
have their expenses paid, and to have a good
time generally, I do not believe amounts to
much. Therefore I desire to know whether
this bill is limited in this respect-
Mr. HAMLIN. The text of the bill re-
mains unchanged by the House ; and if the
Senator from Vermont remembered the text
of the bill as it was when it passed the Senate,
he certainly would not have made the sugges-
tions which have now fallen from him. The bill
provides for eight skilled artisans, who shall
have $1,000 compensation, which, let me tell
my friend, will about half pay their expenses.
The bill provides further that there shall be
seven scientific men, to report on scientific
questions, and that their compensation shall be
$1,000. Nobody else is to receive one far-
thing although there is a provision in the bill
that honorary members may be appointed to
go there and pay their own expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bill has
been changed so many times that I was not
aware in what shape it was left.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the shape.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the bill
provides no more than the Senator from
Maine asserts, I have nothing more to say in
reference to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri, that the Senate concur in the amend-
merits of the House to the amendments of the
Senate, and recede from the amendment in
which the House non-concurred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, subsequently
said : I desire to enter a motion to reconsider
the vote on the amendment to the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 170) to enable the people
of the United States to participate in the ad-
vantages of the international exposition to be
held at Vienna in 1873. I have ascertained,
on reading the joint resolution, that the fault
which I undertook to pointout still remains in
it, and the amount of expenditure that would
be open to the point which I undertook to show
is at least three quarters of the whole amount;
$150,000 at least of the $200,000 will be left
entirely at the discretion of the Secretary of
State; and I understand that the chief officer
who is going over to this exposition claims
that he ought to have $10,000 salary. I trust
that we shall not pass the bill until we fix some
limit a o tr  od lorir
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
rents due japanese government.
Mr. CAMERON. Last week a bill on the
Calendar, No. 709 in the order of business,
was passed over in consequence of my absence.
I ask the Senate now to take it up. It is the
bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing for the pay-
ment to the Government of Japan, from the
indemnity fund, the sum due on account of
rents for lands and buildings occupied by
the diplomatic and consular representatives
of the United States to Japan, and for other
purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania asks unanimous con-
sent to turn back to the bill indicated by him.
The Chair hears no objection, and that bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. _
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, with amendments.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations was to strike out
section one of the bill, in the following words:
That the Secretary of State be, and he is hereby,
authorized to pay to the Government of Japan,
through its resident diplomatic representative in
the United States, out of the moneys received from
said Government under the convention of Octobcr
22,1864, any sum not exceeding $0,000 which may be
found to be due to the Government of Japan by that
of the United States on account of rents for lands or
buildings occupied by the diplomatic or consular
representatives of the United States in Japan, to be
paid out of the Japanese indemnity fund.
The committee also proposed to amend the
second section so as to make it read :
That a sum not exceeding $5,000 per annuin be,
and the same is hereby, authorized and directed to
be paid, outof anymoney in theTreasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be used to defray the expenses
of renting, furnishing, and keeping a suitable build-
ing, with grounds appurtenant, in Yeddo. or such
other place in Ja,pan as shall be approved by the
Secretary of State, for the use of the diplomatic
representative, a.s a court-house and jail, such
expenses to be subject to the allowance and approval
of the Secretary ot State.
The committee further proposed to amend
the third section so as to make it read:
That a further sum, not to exceed $2,500, be, and
the same is hereby, also appropriated, out ot any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the purchase of a suitable law library for the use
of said legation in Japan, the selection of such
library to be made by the Secretary of State.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to say that upon
a reexamination of this matter they deem it
advisable to retain the first section with an
amendment, which I send to the Chair. I
therefoie move to amend the first section and
then to adopt it as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend*
ment will be read.
