1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8W
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
section one so as to make it read:
That the Secretary of State be, and he is hereby,
authorized to pay to the Government of Japan,
through its resident diplomatic representative in
the United States, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, any sum, not ex-
ceeding $6,000, which may be found due to the Gov-
ernment of Japan by that of the United States on
account of rents for lands or buildings occupied for
hospital purposes by the United States in Japan.
Mr. HAMLIN. It will be noticed that the
bill as originally drawn provided for the pay-
ment of this money for buildings used for
diplomatic and consular purposes. Upon a
reexamination the committee learned the facts
to be precisely these: there are rents due the
Japanese Government for lands that our Gov-
ernment has used for hospital purposes, not
diplomatic, and there are moneys that are
justly due to that Government, and there is
a great deal of surprise manifested at the non-
payment of this sum. I hold in my hand two
letters from the Secretary of State inviting
our attention to it, and suggesting that the
money is due to Japan and ought to be paid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Am I right in
supposing that that makes a continuous appro-
priation ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The Navy Department, I
suppose from the hospital fund, have erected
a hospital upon those grounds. I understand
there will be au antiual appropriation required
of about $400 for the rent of these lands, to
be paid, I suppose, by the Navy Department,
as they have erected there their hospital.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That comes
within a principle which has been deemed to
be pernicious by the Senate, and we have
attempted in the last three or four years to
correct it. It should not be a permanent
appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The original bill, as read
at the desk, clearly did make a permanent
appropriation; butthe amendment of my friend
from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] avoids that difficulty
as to the first section. The second section, as
sent to the Chair, does contain a permanent
appropriation.
Mr. STEWART. Could it not be amended
so as to read that he be authorized to rent at
not exceeding so much per annum ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make no
objection to that proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 hope we shall be allowed
to dispose of this bill. We can do it in a few
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to postponing the appro-
priation bill informally until this bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
second section read as it will stand if amended
as proposed.
The Chief Clerk read the second section of
the bill as it would stand if amended as pro-
posed by the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest, to avoid
the difficulty, that an amendment be inserted
that he be authorized to rent a buitding, &c.,
at a sura not exceeding $5,000 per annum,
but making no appropriation, so as to let it go
into the appropriation bill, if that would be
more satisfactory.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us have the question
on the first section, which is not objectionable,
and then we can pass to the second.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the first section,
proposed by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin. ]
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment to the second
section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.
I desire to have
that section amended as suggested by the
Senator from Nevada. It now stands as a per-
manent appropriation.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; as it now stands it
simply pays the amount of money due up to
this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to enable the
Senator from Maine to prepare an amend-
ment authorizing a contract to be made in-
stead of a permanent appropriation, I suggest
that the bill stand over at the head of the
Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well, I have no ob-
jection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will go over till to morrow, then, to stand at
the head of the Calendar.
public building at dovku, delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator who
has charge of the regular order to give way
until I can pass a little bill, which will not take
more than three minutes.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will not object
if it takes no time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask consent to call
up Senate bill No. 714, to authorize the erec-
tion of a public building at the capital of my
State. The Legislature is now in session, and
1 desire the bill passed so that they may cede
jurisdiction over the site to the Government.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 714) to provide for the
erection of a post office building at Dover, in
the State of Delaware.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, which was to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof
to insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed a suitable brick building, with a fire-proof
brick vault, at Dover, Delaware, for a postolfice; and
thesum of $40,000 is hereby appropriated forthepur-
pose aforesaid, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall cause proper plans and estimates to
be made, so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of said building
beyond the sum herein appropriated: Provided,
That no money hereby appropriated shall be used
or expended until a valid title to the land for a site,
independent and unexposed to danger from fire in
adjacent buildings, shall be vested in the United
States, nor until the State of Delaware shall cede
its jurisdiction over the same, and also duly release
and relinquish to the United States the right to tax
| or in any way assess said site or the property of the
I United States that may be thereon during the time
! that the United States shall be or remain owner
' thereof.
! The amendment was agreed to,
| The bill was reported to the Senate as
j amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
public buildings at lincoln , nebraska .
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 1296, reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds yes-
terday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The same reason ap-
plies in this case as in the other. The Legis-
lature is in session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there any
special necessity for it?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Yes, sir; itisthesame
thing precisely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is that?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The Legislature is now
in session and can give jurisdiction to the
i ground.
I There being no objection, the Senate, as in
' Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to consider
' the hill (S. No. 1296) to authorize the con-
struction of a fire-proof building at Lincoln,
the capital of Nebraska.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported an amendment, to strike out'
all of the enacting clause and in lieu thereof
to insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed a suitable brick building, with a lire-proof
brick vault extending to each story, at Lincoln, Ne-
braska, for the accommodation of the United States
circuitanddistrict courts, post office, and other Gov-
ernment offices; and the sum of 8130,000 is hereby
appropriated, for the purpose aforesaid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that no expend-
iture shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of said building beyond the sum herein ap-
propriated : Provided. That no money hereby ap-
propriated shall be used or expended until a valid
title to the land for a site, independent and unex-
posed to danger from fire in adjacent buildings, shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the State
of Nebraska shall cede its jdrisdiction over tho
same, and also duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site or the property of the United States that
may be thereon during the time that the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
message from the iiousb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced'
that the House had passed the following hills
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 3710) to provide for the
establishment of life-saving stations on the
coast of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Virginia, and North Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 3709) granting rights of
way to railroad companies in the several Ter-
ritories ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 187) tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Captain Grad-
dell, officers and crew of the steamship Atlan-
tic, of the White Star line, for saving the
brigantine Scotland in mid-ocean.
electoral votes.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
ficsolved, That the Secretary of tbe Senate eause
a statement to be prepared showing tbe action of
the Senate and House of Representatives relative
to examining and counting the electoral votes for
President and Vice President of the United States
from 1789 to 1869.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.^
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I will ask
unanimous consent to take up the Calendar of
private bills. I see that public bills are going
through by unanimous consent. Let us see if
we cannot do justice to the private claimants.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator, from Vermont asks unanimous consent
to proceed with the Calendar. Is there ob-
jection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To put an end
to the impatience of my friend, I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine objects, and the unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses .of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Morrill,
of Vermont, which was, on page 62, after line
fifteen hundred and twenty-four, to insert the
following as a proviso to the clause making an
appropriation to jiay judgments of the Court
of Claims:
Provided, Thatin renderinganyjudgment in favor
of any claimant under tho act of March 12. 1863, toe
said court shall find the amount dne, and shall also
find and state whether or not said claimant has
proved that he rendered no aid or comfort to the
rebellion; andwheiesuch claimantehali havetailed
to prove tbat he had not rendered such aid or com-
