1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
to inquire critically about it, or to say what I
thought would have been rigid and strict
justice.
It; is assumed by some, and I may as well
say that one of the strong positions behind
which the Senator from Indiana seeks to in-
trench himself is, that by a fair vote of the
people of Louisiana the Republican party
would clearly have a majority in that State.
Of that fact it is impossible for me to determ-
ine. I cannot know with precision whether
it be true or not. I therefore do not under-
take to say ; but when the Senator makes the
calculation upon the baais on which I under-
stand him to make it, to wit, that every colored
man in the State of Louisiana necessarily be-
longs to the party that the Senator and I
belong to, I think that he makes a blunder, and
I speak as a southern man familiar with facts
around me and things that I do know. Why,
sir, no longer than yesterday in the eighth
congressional district of Georgia, an election
took place for a member in Congress, and
Hon. Alexander H. Stephens, a most ardent,
thorough, uncompromising State-rights Dem-
ocrat, was permitted to be elected for a term
of two years to the House of Representa-
tives, and to run over the course without op-
position in a district where the colored element
has some thousands majority. How is this?
If it be true that every colored man in that
district is a Republican, then the district must
necessarily be Republican. Does it follow
that the election of Mr. Stephens is necessarily
fraud ulent ? I will answer how it is in Georgia.
I can answer for my own county, and for
other sections.
I suppose it is in Louisiana pretty much the
same as it was in the old time when I was a
boy, when there were no other voters but white
men, and the poor men who were quartered
on the lands of the rich were expected by the
land owners to vote as the proprietors desired
them to vote. What was true of the white
men once is more true of colored men now.
They either vote under persuasion or else
under threats, and for favors conferred keep
away from the polls, so that the vote to some
extent is neutralized or lost to the party that
they would almost universally prefer voting
for. In my opinion if no one interfered, and
every colored man werepermitted to go to the
elections and to vote, in the main they would
vote the Republican ticket. That, however,
is not universally true. It is by no means true
in the cities. You go into the hotels, into the
barber shops, into the mechanic shops; you
take the carpenters,"the cabinet workmen, the
bootmakers among the colored people, the
shopkeepers, and other classes of that sort,
and they are the mare intelligent, whose cus-
tomers, being white men generally, and liberal
to them, much of that element in the South,
in effect, becomes Democratic. This class are
subjected to all this influence. There is no
gainsaying the truth of this. I know it to be
so, I have felt it to be so, and it is out of our
power to prevent it.
Then again, as has been suggested so well
by the Senator from Wisconsin, often these
people live remote from places of voting. They
have not the means of getting there easily,
arid they have to rely upon somebody to fur-
nish them with horses to ride if the distancebe
great, or else they are compelled to make a
very tiresome journey, and they are often in-
duced by various considerations to keep away
from the polls, and sometimes, if they must
go, to vote a ticket that perhaps they do not
wish to vote. Now, where there is no vio-
lence, no bribery direct of the voter, his action
cannot be said to be illegal. What are you to
do if these appliances are used in controlling
elections? 1 'do not know any l-emdey for it.
1 take the county of Wilkes, in Georgia, the
county in whifch General Toombs resides, and
of which he is very proud. It has about two
colored men to one white, just about double,
perhaps a little more, and the vote would s'and
about six hundred and fifty or seven hundred
white to about fifteen hundred colored. And
yet, in the last general election in Wilkes
county, without our hearing of any disturbance,
fraud, bribery, or anything else at the polls, the
Democrats carried the county by a majority
of about one thousand votes. The white Dem-
ocrats not only voted there themselves, but
they managed to induce the colored men to
vote with them. I have never heard it charged
that that election was fraudulent, or that vio-
lence was used.
It is a generally .accepted belief over the
country, how much credit it is entitled to I can-
not undertake to say, that even in the great man-
ufacturing establishments of the East it not un-
frequently occurs that the operatives are under
the influence of the proprietors, and seldom
vote against the protection theory. That thing
has been urged over and over again. It is to be
presumed that among those people there would
be some who perhaps might be the advocates
of free trade. I do not know what appliances
are used to eontrol their votes. But all this
has nothing to do perhaps with my position on
this question.
I express my thanks and my admiration
for the eloquent and in the main convincing
speech of the Senator from Wisconsin. He has
favored the Senate with a speech replete with
sound logic in almost every particular that
would reflect credit upon any Senator at any
period of our history. I say nothing of the
beautiful passage in which he treated us with
a biographical sketch of a distinguished citi-
zen of Louisiana. Whether the word portrait
be a3 correct as it is artistically drawn, or
whether the mingled praise and censure be
exactly just or not, it was certainly the touch
of a master hand and worthy of the genius of
a Burke.
I take it for granted from what has occurred
that had these returns been generally known
in the State of Louisiana to have given the
majority for the Kellogg ticket they would
have been counted, and the result would not
have been interfered with by any judicial tri-
bunal, and necessarily we should have to-day
a state of quiet in Louisiana. But when we
recur to the action of the judge we can hardly
escape the conclusion that for his intervention
there must have been some party reason. The
intervention itself, so unjustifiable, so unpre-
cedented, could not have arisen from an
ordinary motive. I know nothing of the par-
tisan tendencies of Judge Durell; I know not
whether he calls himself Democrat or Repub-
lican; but I should determine from the course
that lie has taken there, his extraordinary de-
cision and his more extraordinary order direct-
ing the seizure of the State house and the
guarding of it with soldiery, that he was influ-
enced in his action by strong partisan preju-
dices—a feeling that not only we, but ali other
men, would do well to guard against when
they come to administer strict justice.
It cannot be gainsaid that but for this in-
tervention. this intermeddling of this judge,
a legal count of the votes would have been
bad and the count would have shown that
McEnery was elected Governor and that cer-
tain persons were chosen senators and mem-
bers of the house of seprcsentatives, and
that the general ticket with McEnery had been
chosen. Had this been allowed to be done
and that result declared, we should have had
a state of profound peace to-day in Louisiana.
But, right at the juncture when this thing was
to be done f.nd it was necessary it should be
done to perfect the legality of the election,
this extraordinary intervention comes and
mars the whole affair. And I am brought to
the conclusion b_V the testimony before the
committee that there never has been, in ac-
cordance with law, a count of this vote ; and.
the object of the proposition I have intro-'
duced as an amendment vo the bill of'the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is that there may yet be,
as early as we can make it, a count by legal
authority. It is true that it now requires
congressional legislation to accomplish this.
Whether the extraordinary facts that have
brought the case before us justify this inter-
vention, is a thing to be submitted to the dis-
cretion of the Senate.
I take it for granted that if after everything
that has occurred in Louisiana the whole
election can be" treated as going for naught,
certainly the same power that can give it that
direction can limit its action and validate it
to a more limited extent. That is what the
measure I have introduced proposes. It pro-
poses,looking to this testimony, selecting the
names of certain persons who are conceded to
be Senators holding over, and certain other
persons who were elected in 1872, and about
whose election there is no dispute, that they
shall assemble in the senate chamber in the
state-house and organize as a senate, and
that the members chosen to the house of rep-
resentatives whose election is not gainsaid,
they being enumerated also, shall assemble
and form themselves into a house : that they
shall elect appropriate officers; that they shall
form a General Assembly there, coantthe votes,
and it will be for them to determine when they
come to count them whether there has been
any manipulation, whether there are fraudu-
lent returns of that vote.
Something has been said on that subject
here. It is competent for that General Assem-
bly when they meet to determine whether
there have been alterations made in the vote
and what returns shall be rejected, and what
may rightfully be counted. I know nothing
that approximates more nearly to justice than
this course. I am very unwiliing to go into
a State ruthlessly and set at naught the whole
proceedings of an election except upon the
most imperious necessity. Nothing but the
threatenings of anarchy or of open revolution
would induce me to take that step. I would
pause ; I would beg contending parties in the
State to come together and unite as patriotic
men and save the Legislature of the nation
from intermeddling in State affairs wherever
it can be done. It is true that in the shock
of arms that has occurred between certain
States and this Union much of what have
been known as State rights, and that has
been followed by the people, and too highly
prized perhaps by some, and too greatly
magnified by others, have been lost and gone
down in the conflict; but, thank God, there
yet survivesto the people of the States some
rights that are bound to be respected by power
here.
Mr. CARPE NTE R. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. On that question of
exercising power on the part of this Govern-
ment, is it not just as great a si retch for us to
exercise the power to pass a law saying that
A, B, C D, and B F were elected mem-
bers of the Legislature last November, as it is
to treat it as void and order a reelection ? In
the one case we assume the power of determ-
ining what the result of the election has
been : in the other, we simply give the people
another chance.
Mr. HILL. If my friend had observed the
remarks I made but a few minutes ago, he
would have seen that I conceded that what he
says was true.
Mr. CARPENTER. I beg pardon ; I was
called out of the Chamber and did not hear all
that the Senator said.
Mr. HILL. I said that the power to obliter-
ate, to annul, to destroy an election entirely,
of course included the lesser exercise of power
to modify the action in that respect, and that,
I thoiight that it was in better taste, that it was
more human, that it was more agreeable, more
considerate of the people of the State to take
