900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
fort, no judgments said court shall be paid until a
special appropriation therefor shall be made by Con-
gress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
when the Senate understand the design of
this amendment, every Senator will be in
favor of it. I understand that the Court of
Claims have already rendered a judgment in
behalf of one claimant, Mr. Lowe, who was
the agent for the negotiation of the confed-
erate bonds, amounting to $447,000. I under-
stand further that there is a claim now pend-
ing in the Court of Claims for $1,200,000 in
behalf of a Mr. Lamar, who was a notorious
blockade runner, who was at one time seized
for having attempted to bribe the officers of
the Treasury Department and fined $25,000
and sentenced to three years' imprisonment,
but was pardoned by President Johnson. This
man has made a statement, which was found
among his books and papers when his books
and papers were seized, showing that he had
aidea and assisted the confederacy to the
extent of between three and four hundred
thousand dollars. He says :
" I adhered to the confederacy, and I gave it my
free and liberal support, and I am prepared to show
that directly and indirectly X have expended be-
tween three and four hundred thousand dollars
for it."
He also says that he took the oath under the
proclamation of President Lincoln in order to
save his property for other purposes. This
is his language:
"By availing myself of the law of Congress of
July 17,1862, and President Lincoln's proclamation
of December 8, 1863, founded thereon. I could, if
justice and law wero dealt to me in common with
others, preserve all my property to myself, pay off
all my debts, and havo a comfortable competency^
remaining for myself and family. And I could,
whenever I pleased, expatriate myself from Yankee
dominion and vicinage."
Again he says :
" If I cannot servo the confederacy by the eourso
I havo adopted, 1 can at least defeat the Federal
Treasuiy in acquiring all my property tor its advan -
tage, which J prefer to makingmyself a beggar and
a dunderhead at my time of lil'o; and if i may not
thereby givo activo anddii'ectaid to the better cause,
it will at least bo an indirect benefit by diverting ho
much from its enemies. X have tho conscientious
belief that, 1 did my share in support of the con-
federacy while 1 was in a condition to do it."
The amendment that I offer is in effect that
these claims shall be computed by the Court
of Claims, and the question as to whether the
claimants did render aid and comfort to our
enemies or not shall be also investigated and
stated in the report, and that no judgment
shall be paid out of the Treasury until the
claims come before Congress. I do not. believe
there is a Senator here who is in favor of al-
lowing this Mr. Lamar to lake $1,200,000 out
of the Treasury until Congress itself passes
upon the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
sey in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the amendment
had better be reported again, in order that
we may the better judge whether it is a good
amendment to lay on the table.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
The question being put, there were—ayes
seventeen 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper, Divis,
lerry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Kelly, Muchen, Norwood, Pool, Xlansoro, Sauls-
bury, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers, and West—22.
. NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling. Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sprague,
Stewart, Windom, and Wright—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Brownlow,
Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Fre-
Imghuyfea, Hitchcock, Howe. Lewis, Logan, Mor-
ton, Osboru, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, Tip-
ton, and Wilson—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I do not
know whether I am in order, but I had re-
ferred to the committee an amendment on
page 3, to increase the pay of three assistant
engineers in the Senate wing of the Capitol
from $1,440 each to $1,800 each. That is the
amendment which I wish to have made. I
sent the amendment one day last week to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page4, line sixty-seven, to strike out" $1,440"
and insert " $1,800."
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Upon that I
wish to make a brief remark. These three
assistant engineers are skilled artisans, whose
salary is annual, whose duties require them" to
remain here during the summer, having then
the work of cleaning and patting in repair the
machinery under their charge; and the salary
that is now given to them is not sufficient for
their reasonable support. I know two of them
well and the duties of the position which they
occupy. r I think the salary of $1,800 is no
more than reasonable for men who perform
the service which they are performing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Commntee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment which has just been added on the motion
of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Moiuull.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved. If no other amend-
ment be reserved, the Chair will put the ques-
tion on concurring in the remainder of the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The remaining amendments were then con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in tho Senate in the
amendment made tn Committee of the Whole
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] to insert at the end of line
fifteen hundred and twenty-four, on page 62,
the following proviso:
I'l-uvidrd, That, in rendering any judgment in
favor of any claimant, under the act of Maich 12,
ISIM, tho said court shall lind the amount due, and
shall also find and state whether or not said claim-
ant had proved that ho rendered no aid or comfort
to tho rebellion; and whero such claimant shall
havo failed to prove that ho had not rendered such
aid or comfort, no judgment of said court shall be
paid until a special appiopriation therefor shall be
made by Congress.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmonds] gave notice of his intention
to resprve certain amendments ; but he is not
in the Chamber at present.
Mr. DAVIS. What was done with the
amendment of' the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill?]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was con-
curred in.
Mr. DAVIS. A division was not called for.
I ask for the yeas and nays on concurring in
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again on concurring in
that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that under the
law as it now stands none but loyal citizens,
or those who prove loyalty, can go before
the Court of Claims. This, in fact, is the same
old amendment that we discussed here last
year for some time. It is simply adding to the
bill matter that is unnecessary and irrelevant.
It seems to mo that when the bill extending
the time of the southern claims commission
comes before us, that would be the proper
time to offer this amendment, and the proper
bill on which to put it, if it should be put on
any. I call for the yeas and nays on concur-
ring in the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
state that this is, in a very moderate form,
a provision that will shut out a claim of one
of the most obnoxious rebels that this coun-
try has ever seen for $1,200,000. .It simply
refers the question, if the claim should be
allowed by the court, to the action of Con-
gress. Certainly I think the Senator from
West Virginia must acknowledge the eminent
propriety of a claim of that kind coming before
Congress, whether for a loyal or a disloyal
citizen. The amount is too large to be appro-
priated by any court.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment that the
Senator offers is general. If he will make it
special, to refer to the case to which he
alludes, I presume there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
prefer it in its present shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this
question the Senator from West Virginia de-
mands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham.
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Moriill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont. Nye, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott,
Sherman, Sprague. WiDdom, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly. Cooper,
Davis, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Machen. Nor-
wood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Clayton, Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
ilton of Texas. Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Logan,
Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice,
Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, West,
and Wilson—25.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the commit-
tee was concurred in, in the clause relating to
the office of Commissioner of Customs, from
line four hundred and forty-four to line four
hundred and forty-nine. I make this motion
with a view of increasing the number of clerks
in the office of the Commissioner of Customs.
I was unavoidably absent this morning in con-
sequence of a fire in my neighborhood. I
gave notice some days ago that I should make
a motion to increase the number of clerks
under the Commissioner of Customs, and I
now make the_ motion to reconsider for that
purpose, and in support of this motion I ask
to iiave the letters of the Commissioner of
Customs and the Secretary of the Treasury,
which I send to the desk, read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
Office of Commissioner of Customs,
November 22, 1872.
Sir : By reference to my annual report, dated
September 19, 1872, you will observe that the money
value of the transactions of this otiice during the
fiscal year ending 30th Juno,1872, was §245,075,233 26,
and that the average number of clerks employed was
twenty-five; thus making the amount of account-
ing for each clcik of the entire force of this office
nearly $10,000,000.
When the nature of the accounts upon which these
clerks are engaged is considered, being generally
made up of a great number of voucheis for small
sums, and that largo amounts may be saved or lost
to the Government by critical examination, or the
want of it; aud taking into consideration the usual
leave of thirty days in a year to each olerk, with
occasional and necessary absences by sickness or
otherwise, and that only some eighteen of the
average number are directly engaged in the exam-
ination of accounts, the remainder being copyists
recording, &c., the average of work to each clerk is
largely in excess of what might be supposed from a
statement of the aggregate.
There is no synopsis or digest of the letters and
decisions of tnis office since its establishment in
1849; thus making it almost impossible, except by
personal recollection, to refer to past decisions.
Many complaints are made of the delay in set-
tling accounts, especially of collectors out of office,
these latter often involving many legal points, and
by prompt action on which money may be often
saved to the Government.
The records of the office should show all transac-
