1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ested in it for the protection of private rights,
&c., I certainly should interpose no objection;
but as it stands now I feel it to be my duty to
object to its present consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont objects to the consideration
of the bill.
TEXAS PACIFIC KAILROAD.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to read one or two sections
that I propose to leave oat of the Texas Pacific
railroad bill to obviate his objections to it, and
see if he will then allow it to be considered
now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot take that
bill up to-night. 1 think this disposing of
national railroads with fifteen or twenty Sen-
ators present is not the thing we ought to do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont objects.
VINCENNES DONATION CLAIMS.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 239.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us know what it is,
subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill
(H. R. No. 239) authorizing the award to the
Vincennes University of certain vacant and
abandoned lauds in Knox county, Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to taking up this bill ?
Mr. COLE. Let it be read, subject to objec-
tion.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. The pream-
ble recites that it is alleged that there are cer-
tain parcels of abandoned lands in Knox
county, Indiana, which are covered by old
Vincennes donation claims, which have be-
come abandoned, and to which there is no
subsisting confirmation as settlement by in-
dividuals as owners under confirmation. The
bill therefore enacts that it shall be lawful for
the Vincennes University, a corporation ex-
isting under the laws of the State of Indiana,
to file in the United States district court for
the district of Indiana a petition descriptive
ol' such abandoned and unclaimed donation in
Knox county, of that State, accompanied by
such testimony as may be relied upon in sup-
port of the alleged abandonment, with evidence
that such list has been published for a period
of at least three months in Knox county, and
calling on all parties to show cause, if such
exist, why such Tracts or parcels of land should
not be declared vacant; and thereafter in such
cases as the court shall find the tracts to be
abandoned and not claimed by any individuals
under any confirmation, it is to have power to
render a decree accordingly, and upon such
decree being deposited in the General Land
Office, with a patent certificate from the register
of the land office of Indianapolis, Indiana, a
patent is to issue to the Vincennes University
for'the parcels of land so decreed as abandoned
and awarded to the university: but all pro-
ceedings in the premises are to be at the cost
of the university, and the patents so issued are
to operate only as a quit claim on the part of
the United States, and is not to affect tfie valid
adverse rights of any person, should such
hereafter be found to exist.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear
that bill explained, subject to objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say I have no objection
to its being explained subject to objection, but
I reserve the right to object at any moment.
Mr. PRATT. Certainly. I will make a brief
explanation of this bill. On the 29th of
August, 1788, a resolution was passed by Con-
gress granting to the head of each family settled
at Vincennes, on or before 1783, four hundred
acres of land, and directing the Governor of
the Territory to lay out in the form of a square
a tract of land adjoining Vincennes sufficient
to embrace the donations, the donations to
be divided among the settlers by law. This
resolution may be found in part one Public
Land Laws, Instructions, and Opinions, page
37, published under the Senate resolution of
February 28,1837. A supplemental act was
passed March 3,1791.
Pursuant to this legislation the territorial
Governor, about the year 1795, laid off a tract
of land adjoining Vincennes, ten miles square,
and subdivided it into lots of four hundred
acres each. The square took in an extensive
marsh known as Montour's pond. Several of
the four-hundred-acre lots fell in the pond ;
perhaps five or six in all. Those lots lie right
upon the line of the Ohio and Mississippi
railroad, this side of Vincennes. Any person
who has traveled over that road has seen this
extensive pond. When the settlers drew lot3,
as provided by the resolution, some of the
tracts drawn fell in the pond. These were
either abandoned by the drawers or other lots
outside of the original square given by the
Government in exchange. A few of the four-
hundred-acre tracts in the pond do not appear
to have been drawn at all. Owing to the
destruction of the land office records at Vin-
cennes by fire, it is now impossible to tell the
exact status of all the lots; at any rate, the
lots mentioned have been known as lost lands
for the last seventy-five years, covered with
water almost constantly. They are wholly
uncultivated, except here and there a squatter
may be found upon some corner extending out
in the pond. The marsh is a nuisance to the
surrounding country and generates a vast
amount of sickness. Its reclamation hasbeen
prevented because there was no known mode
of acquiring the title. When reclaimed, which
can be done by ditching, the lands will be rich
and productive and add largely to the wealth
of the country.
There is one additional statement I wish to
make. The lands in question were never
embraced in the public land system, and some
legislation by Congress in auy event will be
necessary to direct what title the Government
still has.
I have stated these facts, Mr. President,
from a very full letter from Judge Mellott,
who lives in Vincennes, arid I have verified
his statement as far as I could by reference to
these old acts, and I judge there is no doubt
about the exact truth of the facts as I have
given them to the Senate. This is a House
bill; it has passed the ordeal of two commit-
tees, and I think it is a just and proper
measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to taking up and considering this
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
this bill being considered subject to objection,
if that will suit my friend. On looking it over
1 think there are one or two amendments for
the protection of parties that ought to be
adopted. If they are adopted I shall make no
objection to the consideration of the bill ; but
if they are not I should, because we have
proved by a somewhat sad experience that
this confirmation of ancient vacant, or other
lands to States or to corporations, or to any
body, brings us in two or three years into
trouble with some person who turns up and
says that we have done a wrong to him.
I propose, if it be possible, to save the United
States from being obliged to give away land,
in the first place, and then to pay for it to a
private claimant afterward. 1 may be sin-
gular in that notion, but I have it, and there-
fore I confess I am a little shy of this sort of
legislation.
But 1 have no doubt of the sincerity of my
friend's belief about the state of this thing. If
this bill can be amended in one or two respects,
making more clear the protection of private
rights, I certainly shall not object to it if no
other Senator does.
Mr. PRATT. Are you prepared to suggest
the amendments now ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to taking up and considering this
bill ? It will be considered subject to objec-
tion, as suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word " confirmation," in line
fifteen, page 2, the words "or otherwise."
That clause of the bill provides that after this
decree has been made by the district court—
And thereafter in such cases as thesaidcourt shall
find the tracts to be abandoned and not claimed by
any individuals under any confirmation, it shall
have power to render a decree accordingly.
That limits, you will observe, the action of
the court and its effect in leaving private
rights undisturbed to a claim under a con-
firmation. I wish to add after "confirmation"
the words " or otherwise," so that on what-
ever foundation the private right may stand,
the decree of this court shall not affect it.
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I should like to
amend by adding at the end of the last pro-
viso certain words. This proviso reads, and
it was intended to do the same thing which I
wish to have done :
Provided, That all proceedings in the premises
shall be at the cost, of said university, and that the
patents so issued shall operate only as a quit-claim
on the part of the United States, and shall not affect
the valid adverse rights of any person, should such
hereafter be found to exist.
I wish to add :
And such patents and decree shall have no effect
upon or in respect to such adverse rights.
So that the adverse claimant will not be em-
barrassed by the statement, " here is a decree
\hsA prima facie destroys your title."
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLSS1GNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by IIr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 446) to abolish the office
of surveyor at the port of Chester, in Pennsyl-
vania, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry into effect
the provisions of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, signed in the
city of Washington the 8th day of May, 1871,
relating to the fisheries ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2771) for the relief of
Isabella Orange;
A bill (H. It. No. 2104) for the relief of
Addison Goodell, of Illinois ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2873) authorizing the
President to appoint Frank M. Ashton a sec-
ond assistant engineer in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States;
A bill (H. R. No. 3972) to authorize the
construction of a railroad and draw-bridge
across the Genesee river in Monroe county.
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 4034) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the
old post office property in Chicago ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3952) to authorize the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Charles T. Brown and J. J. S.
Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa Indians
of Minnesota, on the grounds of equity and
justice;
