1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0J3E.
1863
A bill (S. No. 1482) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to promote the development of
the mining resources of the United States
A bill (S. No. 1697) to change and fix the
time of holding the spring terms of the United
States circuit and district courts iu the cities
of Covington and Paducah, in the State of
Kentucky; and
A bill (H. R. No. 37S7) making appropria-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874.
MARTHA B. WILLIAMS.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 1068) granting a pension to llartha B.
Williams was indefinitely postponed, with a
view of its recommittal.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I now move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Pensions
with the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
STATE OF LOUISIANA.
Several Senators rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont demands the regular order,
and the Louisiana bill is before the Senate.
The ,-ienale, as iu Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1621) to establish a government in the State
of Louisiana republican in form, the pending
question being upon the amendment of Mr.
Hill.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, I have a few
words to say on this much vexed Louisiana
question. I desire to state some facts con-
nected with it in my own knowledge, without
much expectation of influencing the views of
Senators as to the best course to pursue. I
snail state these facts, culled from my own
knowledge and from the evidence before the
Senate, with the hope at, least that they will
enable other Senators to form some conclu-
sions in regard to what is best to be done,
although my own idea is that it is neitner com-
petent nor expedient that the Congress of the
United States should interfere in the premises.
We have first for our consideration the
amendment that has been offered by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.] It seems to
be based upon the presumption that we have
the power and authoriiy to determine the result
of an elect-ton in the State of Louisiana, and
that it will be equitable under a certain state
of facts'to declare certain men to constitute
that government. The preamble to this amend-
ment goes on to state that wiiereas so and so
has been declared elected in the State of Louis-
iana as members of the Legislature by both
returning boards, therefore be it enacted that
they shall constitute the Legislature. Assum-
ing that Congress has the powerto do this, and
I leave that to be decided by the Senate after
they shall have been enlightened on the subject
by minds much more competent to deal with
the important questions involved than mine,
I come to the proposition whether it is equit-
able and fair to do that in view of the evidence
that we have before us on the subject.
If Senators will give some attention to the
evidence they will discover that Mr. Lynch,
who was a member of the Lynch board, as it
was called, testifies to the iact that the Lynch
board admitted all Democrats to be elected
i ithout returns who by their known con-
'uencies would have been returned. Not
having the returns before them they accepted
( -lain Democrats as the properly elected
((Seers mainly from the fact that their con-
s ;uencies were Democratic. Then they took
I, her parishes from which they had returns
and declared that certain Republicans were
elected, with a result, coincided in by the
opposing or War moth board, of twenty -
five Republicans and thirty two Democrats
returned. The Lynch board went on further
and found that more Republicans were elected.
Look at the impartiality, look at the fairness
with which that Lynch board dealt with a
Democratic constituency, admitting their rep-
resentative, raising no question whether he
was elected, and contrast that with the course
pursued by the so-called Warmoth or McEnery
board.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WEST. With pleasure.
Mr. CARPENTER. In that connection
what does he do with these two damaging
facts: first, that the Lynch board had been
abolished by the act of the Legislature ap-
proved November 20; and second, that tbey
had not a single return before them ?
Mr. MORTON. The Supreme Court de-
cided that they had not been abolished.
Mr. CARPENTER. No, they did not.
Mr. WEST. I shall come to the damaging
fact to which the Senator alludes, and I think
I ghall satisfy him that that law is of no effect
whatever; that it is impossible to comply
with its terms, even if the Supreme Court had
not decided that it was not a law, so far
as it affected the election held on the 4th of
November.
I was calling attention to the conclusions of
the McEnery board. They arrived at similar
conclusions with the other board in respect to
the number of Republicans end Democrats
who were elected, twenty-five Republicans and
thirty-two Democrats. But did they practice
the same degree of fairness and liberality as
the Lynch board ? Not by any means. When-
ever a parish could be found that could by
any possibility be presumed to return a Re-
publican, that return was thrown out and a
Democrat was put in his place. As a con-
sequence, if you install this Legislature accord-
ing to the proposition of the Senator from
Georgia, you take advantage of the fairness
and candor exercised by the Lynch bourd and
at once constitute a Democratic majority in
that Legislature, and as a consequence at
once you have a Democratic Governor, because
uuderour constitution the Legislature ceterm-
ines who is the Governor. Even admitting
that we have the power to arrive at that con-
clusion, are we not to be guided somewhat by
what is fair and equitable and just in the
premises? Is the Congress of the United
States to organize a fraudulent Legislature ?
Certainly not; and I am satisfied that by the
time the conclusion of this dpbate is reached
that, «.f all determinations, will be the last one
arrived at.
Now I have a word to say, in passing, to my
friend from Georgia, who has given us his ex-
perience on this floor as a southern man as to
the political proclivities of the colored race.
I stand here to bear witness to-day that
the colored people of Louisiana and the col-
ored people of the South are not unmindful
of or ungrateful to the great party that enfran-
chised tbem and has up to this hour protected
them in their liberties. I contend that when-
ever there is a black man throughout the South
who votes the Democratic ticket it is an ex-
ceptional case; that they as a race are Repub-
licans; that they as a party are Republicans.
But let us have a little of the experience of
some other gentleman on this question of
making Democrats out of colored men. 1 will
ask the Clerk to read an exrract from the tes-
timony that was taken, in Louisiana by the
congressional committee that was sent.down
there last year in the turmoil that prevailed in
January a year ago. I wish the Senate to
understand something of the experience of
these Democratic gentlemen who hare been
making Republicans out of colored men.
The Chief Clerk rtad as follows:
Captain John C. Sinnott, boing examined, was
asked—
"By Mr. Smitii : . .
" Question. You are nut much oi a Kadica! your-
self?
"Answer. Not by a long ways. Never was and
never will be.
" Question, Yon are a Democrat sound to the
core?
"Answer. Yes, in the time of it, while it existed,
1 was an active democrat.
" Question. Do you mean to say that Democracy
is played out?
'Answer. To answer that question I will tell you
that, in my judgment, all the principles which wo
formerly adhered to as saeredly as we did to our God
are dead.
" Question. That is, you have no more confidence
in the northern Democrats?
"Answer. Yes; I have when I know them, but 1
think that the principles of polities, when you talk
of them, are ail doad.
" Question. You organized a large number of col-
ored Democratic cl ubs in this city, did you not ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I helped to organize one.
"Question. Tell me if they played out.
"Answer. They were the biggest set of rascals I
ever saw. We got them together, and fed them and
clothed them and shod them.
"Question. Tell me howmneh they cost yon.
"Answer. It is incalculable; I cannot tell.
"Question. How many clubs were there?
"Answer. I do not know; we had one, and that
was enough for me.
"Question. How many .members did you have
in it?
"Answer. We must have had a hundred, almost.
"Question. Did you clothe them ?
"Answer. Yes; clothed them and fed them and
shod thera; gave them spirits once or twice a week.
"Question. Then they went and voted the Repub-
lican ticket?
"Answer. I expect every one did. I know very
well they stunk so terribly that I think I atoned for
all the sins I ever committed by sitting with them.
"Question. From that time the Democracy in this
city has dropped the nigger ?
"Answer. Yes; you may be sure of that."
Mr. WEST. Now, Mr. President, that is a
little of the experience of a year ago. After
these Democrats had clothed these colored
men, after they had fed them, after they had
given them whisky and shod them, every rascal
went and voted the Republican tieket. So if
you follow through this testimony you find
what were the expectations of the McEneryites
in reference to the manner in which the col-
ored men throughout the State intended to
vote, ba«ed upon the fact that they attended
their mass-meetings in large numbers. Who
does not know that to the colored man an
election is a frolic and a holiday ? He goes,
as a matter of course, wherever the drum beats,
wherever a flag floats, and he do4s not know
much exactly of what the speakers say or
what are the arguments they advanee ; but
when it comes to voting you may rest assured
that he puts in a straight Republican ticket.
But, Mr. President, I was saying that the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia is
objectionable to me on the grounds I have
named. Assuming that we have the power
and the authority to do such a thing, it is not
equitable, it is not fair, it is not just to the
Republicans in that State.
The next proposition we have is the one
from the Senator from Wisconsin, the bill that
we have here printed on our tables. I con-
gratulate that Senator upon the facility with
which he can make a report that looks one
way and present a bill that contradicts his
conclusions. I propose to refer to a portion
of the testimony to be found on page 44 of
the majority report. The most of it was
read before the Senate a few days ago in the
argument of the Senator from Indiana, and I
will not trespass now upon the time of the
Senate in reading any more of it than is neces-
sary for this branch of my argument. The
majority report goes on to say:
"In the canvass of votes which determined the
McEnery government to be elected the votes of sev-
eral republican parishes were rejected.
" The testimony shows that leading and sagacious
politicians of the State, who were acting with War-
moth, entertained the opinion betore the election
that W-iKuoth's control of the election machinery
was equivalent to 20.000 votes: and we are satisfied,
by the testimony that this opinion was well founded.
We believe that had registration been accessible to
all, and polling places been properly established, the
result ot' the election would have been entirely dif-
ferent. And although we cannot approve of such a
cany ass as that made by the L> neb board, who seem
to have acted upon the principle of'fighting the
H devil with fire,'ami circumventing fraud by lruud,
I and cannot say that Keliogg's governBient was
i; eitoictl, nevertheless we believe that Kellogg s
i! government was defeated, and the popular voice
