1866
THJS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
■within the constitutional prerogative of this
body or of Congress, from which proposition
I venture to dissent, to interfere at all, how
can we interfere in favor of candidates who
are said to be returned after such practices
as I have recounted ?
Pass the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin,
and what is the result ? I believe to-day the
affliction of Louisiana is that she is governed
to much. I believe to-day she has too many
Governors and too many Legislatures. Pass
the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin and
let us see what will be the consequence. One
more Governor surely, perhaps two. Is there
a single provision in the bill for the install-
ment of the Governor or his inauguration ?
Carry out the principles of it, elect your Gov-
ernor, elect your Legislature, how do you
propose to inaugurate them ? The returns are
made that Mr. So-and-so is elected. He
steps forward with his certificate of election to
the present Governor, and he says, " I respect-
fully decline to recognize your authority."
Has not then again the whole matter to be1
transmitted to the courts ? Is it not perfectly
competent for any man now m the State of
Louisiana who thinks he is deprived of his
right to an office to appeal both to the Federal
and to the State courts for the redress of his
grievances? Has one of these men, assuming
that they are unlawfully out and that there
are intruders in their proper places, appealed
to the courts? No, sir, but they come here
to Congress, they are playiug a game at which
they have lost, and they come here now and
ask this body to so far forget the relations of
the States to the Federal Government as to
wipe out our constitution, wipe out our laws,
wipe out our acts under our laws and give us
a new government. It is impossible to do it.
If you attempt to do it you will only lead to
further litigation ; you will only keep this per-
plexed question constantly vexing the people
of Louisiana.
I have given a great deal of attention and
reflection to this matter; 1 want what will be
the t.rue interest of the people of that State,
and I say the best way of all ways, in my
judgment, is to leave the matters as they now
stand, and peace and tranquillity will soon
reigu there.
It is the practice here to speak of the peo-
ple of Louisiana. Who are these people that
are rushing into print? Who are these people
that are besetting the members of this Senate
with telegrams that " the people of Louisiana
will not stand this ? " It is nol hing but a petty
clique of office-holders who are prolific in tele-
grams and in their efforts to shape public
opinion through the press. Why is it that you
do not hear of the bone and sinew of the State
of Louisiana? Because they are a laboring
class ; to a certain extent they are an ignorant
class. They have but few newspapers; they
have but few opportunities to make themselves
heard. But forsooth the people of Louisiana
do not intend to tolerate the Kellogg govern-
ment, and it is said to be the cause of dire
affliction that they have not the opportunity to
pay their taxes. I never did hear of a com-
munity that, was so anxious to pay taxes as
this community of Louisiana seems to be.
What does this telegram say that we read here
this morning? That we will not pay our taxes.
Well, all the better for Louisiaua if they do
not. I believe it will be better for our State
if for some time we did not have any revenue.
Our curse has been that we have had too large
a credit. I believe it is better to leave the
matter of taxes to be decided when our people
shall be better able to pay them.
In regard to the payment of taxes there is
a certain embarrassment. They do not want
to pay the McEuery government for fear t'jey
shali have to pay to the Kellogg government,
and they do not want to pay to the Kellogg
government because they do not like it. That
is the embarrassment; but we hear no objec-
tion on the part of our friends there that they
are experiencing any embarrassment or diffi-
culty without the taxes.
Now, is there any complaint against the
Republican government since its inauguration ?
It has been in existence nearly sixty days. We
have had a Legislature there that if it was dis
posed to do evil has had it in its power. There
was no opposition party in the Legislature of
any avail. The Governor did not even have
the opportunity to control it by his veto, be-
cause there was over a two-thirds majority.
Do you hear any complaint of their acts? Is
there anything said about their oppressing or
robbing the people of Louisiana ? On the
contrary, the legislation of that body compares
favorably I may say with any that we have
ever had. Its legislation has been in the
direction of correcting abuses ; it has been in
the direction of curtailing fees; it has been
in the direction of preventing bribery, and to-
day throughout the State of Louisiana the most
bitter opponent of the existing government
cannot lay his finger upon one single act of
the present administration there to which he
can take exception.
Mr. President, stress has been laid, and
great stress, upon the great frauds that have
been perpetrated on both sides. What have
we got to do with them ? Whence the power
of Congress to determine an election in a
State ?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of
the Senator, as an evidence of the animus
controlling the management of this election,
I will read two secret cncilars sent out by the
State registrar to the supervisors of registration
ip the parishes.
Mr. WEST. The Senator will pardon me ;
I have already read them.
Mr. MORTON. I was not aware of it.
Mr. WEST. However, this brings me to
the consideration of the question that I leave
to much abler men in the Senate. The Rubi-
con is before us. Can we take the leap con-
sistently with constitutional principles ? I do
not think we can. Once satisfy my mind that
it is within the province of Congress to remedy
these difficulties, and I will be as ready as any
man on this floor to seek relief in that quarter ;
but for the present I will halt right there.
Now let this body determine whether they
want to embark upon the principle of determ-
ining contested elections throughout any State
in this Union, and then let us proceed to make
that interference practicable if we can once
determine that that should be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say a few
words on this amendment in the hope of
eliciting information. The amendment seems
to me in no wise to relieve the muddle in
Louisiana. It presupposes our right and duty
to affirm and recognize the late election held in
Louisiana aud its choice of a Legislature, and
then it goes on to exercise a power which, it
seems to me, would fall little, if at all, short
of usurpation, if we assume that a valid elec-
tion has been held. The majority of the com-
mittee proceed in the bill presented to us, and
in arriving at their conclusion, upon the idea
that no election has been held in Louisiana,
and that therefore the form of republican gov-
ernment and its substance have ceased to be.
Upon such a state of case they advise us that
the guarantee clause of the Coustitution be-
comes operative, and thatwemayand ought to
give to Louisiana that which Louisiana lacks,
a republican form of government, because
now there is none, the process by which alone
it could be perpetuated, namely, a popular
election, having been turned to naught, or as
some Senator has expressed it, having been
but " an organized fraud." Upon the doc-
trine that fraud vitiates everything, or, as an
ancient judge said, because "covin suffocates
the right," we are to treat the polluted cere-
mony of election as if it had not been, aud
the pretended results as if they were not.
But the honorable Senator from Georgia
gives us a somewhat exuberant preamble of
whereases with a scanty following of enactment,
all going upon the ground that an election did
take place, that an election was held in a legal,
constitutional, and operative sense; but that
despite that election, or possibly he would
prefer to say m consequence of that election,
the beak and claw of Federal power should
visit that State, and, taking hold of the per-
sons chosen as the representatives of the
people, should coerce or guide and manage
them. Mr. President, I believe no Senator
has tarried long enough thus far to explain the
theory upon which the guarantee clause of the
Constitution is to operate in a State which has
maintained its own Government republican in
form.
Again this amendment, with somewhat of
soothing abstinence and gentleness, recom-
mends and declares that the persons elected
to the Legislature shall go together, and there-
upon proceedings shall occur which we set
forth and explain. All the reports show that
the men named and described, are collectively
divorced from each other, sundered into two
organized _ bodies, the rivals of each other,
each denying the legal existence of each other.
So we find but litte encouragement in the laws
of human nature leading us to believe that
spontaneously and voluntarily the houses of
York and Lancaster will meet iu friendly
embrace. But the amendment proposes to
direct them so to meet. Suppose they do not.
Suppose the Montagues and the Capulets do
not like each other after our enactment reaches
them, any more than they did before, what
shall we do about it ? The amendment says
in one section that if anybody by force pre-
vents these hostile bodies coming together, he
shall be punished for it; thus if these strug-
gling parties, like Damon and Pythias, rush
into each other's embrace, and then somebody
else tries by force to hold them apart, he shall
have punishment meted out to him. But sup-
pose they do not go or come together, what
then ? It has been said that one man can lead
a horse to the water, but many men cannot
make him drink. When you have .bestowed
all this excellent advice upon factions in
Louisiana; when you have told them what
they should do; when you have given them
the whole tree of constitutional knowledge
torn up by the roots, suppose they pay no
heed; then what? The people of the
United States in Congress assembled have
made a vain motion, the amendment is only
a voice in the air and nothing else. My friend
from Indiana suggests simply a noise, and I
think rather a discordant noise.
Mr. President, without venturing at this
time to make asuggestion either of what might
or ought to be done, or even whether anything
should or should not be done by legislation, I
think before the Senate does anything, two
things should appear. First, we should see
our power; not in a vague or doubtful sense,
but in a guarded and constitutional sense. We
should see our power to do the thing proposed.
And second, we should see that the thing be
either the wisest, or at least something which
with reasonable certainty will improve the con-
dition of things in Louisiana. I say to my
friend from Georgia, with all respect, (and I
know he will so regard it,) that in the absence
of a statement from him or some other Sena-
