908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
in the service of the Government fifteen or
twenty years.
I do think if it is the desire, as I see it is
the desire of the Senate to abolish this system,
it had better be done at least, say a year hence.
I would make no opposition to an amendment
to this appropriation that after the expiration
of the next fiscal year or after the expiration
of this appropriation no further sum should
be paid except in pursuance of law, or for
salaries fixed by law. That would give us
this session and the next session to regulate
the salaries of the officers of the important
bureaus of the Treasury Department. If Sen-
ators will accept that, I will move, before the
motion to strike out is put, to add this pro-
viso.
Provided, That after the next fiscal year no money
shall be paid to any person except the salaries fixed
by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What good will that do
when the next appropriation bill contains the
same thing?
Mr. SHERMAN. An appropriation will
not be sufficient to repeal the law. The pres-
ent money is paid out under a law which ex-
pressly directs its distribution. My friend
ought to be familiar with that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam.
.Mr. SHERMAN. The law was passed
some years ago, which not only appropriated
this fixed sum of money, but directed how it
should be distributed, and this appropriation
now made year by year is only in pursuance
of that law ; but if by law it is expressly re-
quired that after the expiration of the next
fiscal year no money shall be paid except to
those whose salaries are fixed by law, then
an appropriation would not be sufficient to
authorize this payment-
Mr. EDMUNDS. What, in these words:
"There is appropriated $22,500, to be ex-
pended in the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury? "
Mr. SHERMAN. But there is no such ap-
propriation here. It in an appropriation for
additional clerks and additional compensation,
and that additional compensation is fixed by
law, but the distribution of it is left to the
Secretary of the Treasury. If my friend will
look at the appropriation as it now stands, he
will find that it corresponds with the law
passed in 18GG authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury at his discretion to increase the
compensation of certain employes of the
Treasury Department; and L believe this ap-
propriation follows the language of the law;
that is, " for additional clerks and additional
compensation." I think that is the language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My honorable friend is
very right about his language but very wrong
about his law. If'we enact to-day that here
after there shall be no compensation to any-
body above the salary fixed by law and then
the next day we pass a later law which declares
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall make
an additional compensation, I should be glad
to know upon what principle of jurisprudence
it is that the later law is not the one to be
obeyed and not the earlier one, they being in-
consistent. I do not wish to spend any time
of this body, which is greatly in a hurry, in
discussing a question of that kind.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Maine. I listened atten-
tively to the Senator from Vermont I always
expect to get from him a great deal of sound,
not to say sharp, doctrine, [laughter;] and in
this case I agree to all that he has said.
Nevertheless, he knows very well that the
Committee on Appropriations now have acted
under a necessity which was too strong for
him last year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not too strong this
year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And which the
Senator thinks is very easy to remedy, but
has not repaired, nor has he attempted to
remedy it.
Mr. EDM UNDS. It is not part of my duly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whose duty is it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have two special
committees assigned for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It did belong
to him, occupying a position on the Committee
on Appropriations last year, and he reported
the same provision or gave his assent to it,
and he did not open his lips. Why? He
recognized the necessity which the committee
this year recognized, that here is a branch of
the public service to be provided for—not
persons either for the Senator from Vermont
or anybody else, but a service in the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury which has been
recognized the last three or four years, and
which has not been provided for in any other
way ; and although the Senator from Vermont
sees it clearly, and although all of us see it
clearly, we still have been acting under the
necessity that this was the best way it could
be provided for; that is to say, we rest on our
oars until the emergency arises when an
appropriation is to be made, and then, no
other provision having been made and recog-
nizing the necessity of making some provision,
we make this. We do therefore precisely
what the Senator from Vermont himself did
last year, having the same sentiments then that
he lias now—excellent preaching and no per-
formance—and so we are obliged to make this
appropriation year after year.
Now, I should hope that if my honorable
friend from Ohio sees fit to proposo an amend-
ment that hereafter we will not make this ap
propriation in this way, it might be a spur to
somebody's endeavor to the end that this
thing might be corrected and that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations should not have
forced upon it the necessity of doing a thing
which they believe to be wrong every year, a
thing which is exceptional, and which they
have refused to do in cases where the necessity
is less urgent and exigent than this. I say,
if such an amendment does not control as a
matter of law, as I am very much inclined to
think with the Senator from Vermont it would
not, still it would furnish a rule of action
which would guide Congress and incite some-
body, some committee who ought, to have this
subject under consideration, and I am very
much inclined to think that my honorable
friend from Ohio is the head of that very com-
mittee, to do something to relieve us from this
dilemma.
But still, Mr. President, to come back to
the question, which is a practical question of
appropriating something for a recognized ser-
vice and a necessity for that service which we
have all recognized, and for which at this
present moment neither my honorable friend
from Vermont nor anybody else is able, when
the appropriation for the service is the ques-
tion before the Senate, to indicate any other
method, it strikes me that the Senate will feel
itself under the necessity of following the old
method until a new one is prescribed.
1 felt called upon to say a little something
on this subject because you will see the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have concurred with
the House in this proposition as the best thing
that occurred to them
Mr. WINDOM. I hope the Senate will
pardon me for saying a single word further
on this subject. I am very much obliged to
the Senator from Ohio for producing the doc-
ument to which he referred, and I think it
illustrates, from tlieveiy briefexamination that
I have been able to give it, the force of the
arguments which have been presented here in
favor of this motion.
We are told that there are a number of
clerks in the Department who occupy such
very responsible positions, handling such large
sums of money, who are men of such extraor-
dinary ability, that their services could not
possibly be dispensed with, and the inference
is left that the Department could not. be run
successfully if they did not receive this extra
pay. I have only had a moment to glance at
this report, and I wish to call the atleution of
the Senate to a few of the indispensable gen-
tlemen who receive these salaries. For in-
stance, at the head of the appointment division
is a very worthy gentleman to whom we pay
a specific salary of $1,800 a year by our appro-
priation bill. He is allowed, under this dis
cretionary provision, $1,150 additional, mak-
ing the snug little salary of $2,950 per annum
for the responsible position of registering the
applications for clerkships in the Department
and referring them to the Secretary for his
decision. I am willing to concede the great
ability of the gentleman who presides over the
appointment division, but I am confident, jf
the matter were brought before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations or the Committee on
Finance, of which the honorable Senator from
Ohio is chairman, they could find gentlemen
amply competent to register all these applica-
tions, and to consult with the Secretary of the
Treasury on their appointment, for a less salary
than $2,950 per annum.
Take another case in the same Department.
In the appointment division is another gentle-
man with asalary by law of $l,800per annum,
who has an allowance of $750 more—a subor-
dinate in the appointment division! Will the
Senator from Ohio or any other Senator tell
me what great responsibilities rest upon those
gentlemen that it is necessary that we should
place this discretionary power in the Secretary
to increase their salaries to nearly $3,000 a
year?
But let me pass on to one or two more
cases in illustration. In the navigation divis-
ion are two gentlemen who each receive sala-
ries of $1,800 per annum, and the increase
of one of them is $1,150, making his salary
£2,950 per annum, and the increase of the
other is $750. It may be that there are some
very important financial duties that those gen-
tleiien have to discharge that no other men in
the United States could be found willing to
discharge; and yet I apprehend I have among
my constituents a thousand who would come
here and do these duties equally well for
$1,500 a year, and ask no increase of salary,
and I think the Senator from Ohio could fur-
nish the same number from his State.
Pass on, if you please, to the stationery
division, another very responsible position cer-
tainly in a pecuniary point of view. The chief
of that division has a like salary of $1,800 a
year, and an increase allowed him of $1,150 a
year, making $2,950 for the keeper of the
stationery of the Treasury Department, and he
has-an assistant, who has a like salary of
$1,800, and receives $750 more, making a
salary for him of $2,550.
I have only had a moment to examine this
report, but it does seem to me, taking these
isolated cases that I have selected from a brief
investigation, that the Senate will consider it
worthy of their attention, and that there can
be no impropriety in striking out this pro-
vision, which will then bring the Treasury
Department before some of the committees
of this body, to make their representations as
to where these salaries ought to be increased,
and as to the vast responsibility of the men
who have these particular offices in charge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
any further time of the Senate, and rise only
to say a word in reply to the Senator from
Maine, who brings to bear, in the absence of
any other good reason, against this proposed
amendment the argumentum ad hominem
upon me. He charges me, with justice and
with truth, with having gone for the same pro-
vision in the appropriation bill of last year and
of previous years. That is true; but it seems
to me that the Committee on Appropriations
must be pretty hard pushed for good reasons
when they ask the Senate to stand by this pro-
vision in the bill upon the sole and simple
reason that one of the Senators from the little
State of Vermont went for it last year. Thev
must be pretty hard up for logic and for facts
