1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
if that is the ground upon which this body is
called upon to vote now. I disclaim any such
great importance as that; and having dis-
claimed tnat, I wish to say to the Senator from
Maine, whom I do not now see, that on that
principle he would be obliged next year to go
for this same thing, which he acknowledges
to be a vice, because he supported it this year,
and so on.
Now, what is the truth about this business?
As I stated before, it came in at the end of the
war, when everything was inflated and turned
upside down, as a means of avoiding for the
moment increases of salaries which might
turn out to be too great, and the appropria-
tion then, instead of being $22,500, was, if I
am not mistaken in my recollection, more
than $100,000; I do not know but that it was
$200,000 or $300,000. It was a large sum of
money. Gradually, as things settled them-
selves, it was whittled down, down, and down
until here is the last" relic "—as we used to say
about slavery in relation to barbarism—the
last relic of vicious legislation of this kind on
appropriation bills, which Senators stick to
now on the ground that it has got venerable.
Mr. President, I do not believe in venerable
abuses any more than in new ones. When we
have reached a point of time when we can see
clearly that the reason for exceptional legis-
lation growing out of the condition of public
affairs (not out of the mere condition of
affairs in the Treasury Department, but grow-
ing out of the condition of public affairs as to
values in general) has gone by, it is our
bounden duty to bring every officer of the
Government to the careful and solid measure
of a precise salary fixed by law, depending
upon no man's discretion and upon no man s
will.
The only reason that is given to us, aside
from this very poor personal one which has
been pushed against me, for keeping up this
abuse, as it has now grown to be—for what
there was an excuse and apology for a year
ago or two years ago, now stands without any
such excuse or apology at all—the reason is
that the various committees of this body have
not had time or opportunity or faculty or
something to provide by law how much these
officers ought to be paid. Well, Mr. Presi-
dent, if 1 were in any other presence I should
say—
" O shame! where is thy blush?''
Here we find the Committee on Finance,
charged with the protection of the Treasury, as
well as the Committee on Appropriations, re-
porting a bill upon the subject of salaries. Why
did they not consider this? Why have they
devoted their good powers solely to inquiring
whether the salaries of the heads of three or
four or five or six or a dozen bureaus shall
or shall not be increased, when they saw star-
ing them in the face this confessed exception,
ihis confessed excrescence upon the methods
of appropriating public money, without even
proposing to us any remedy? I cannot ima-
gine that;it is beyond their faculties. I cannot
imagine that it is outside of their jurisdiction.
Perhaps they have been pressed with other
affairs, and there is time enough yet. Let us
make this bill an appropriation of money to
carry out law, and then we will unite with the
Committee on Finance in so adjusting the law
that our public servants shall be properly paid.
Mr. CORBET1'. Mr. President, it is very
easy to point out a few clerks that perhaps
others can be found to fill the places for the
sum provided by law, without this extra com-
pensation ; but there are others whose places
it will not be so very easy to find persons to
fill properly. I notice in the sub-lreasury
division the name of GeorgnParnell at a salary
of SI,800 a year, who was allowed ipl,iou m
addition, making $2,950. Now, I do not sup-
pose it is believed by any one that a roan can
be employed for $1,800 a year to perform
the duties of that officer. I find also U. li- i -
Leipold, in the same division, a fourth class
clerk at $1,800 a year, is allowed $750. This
gentleman I happen to know personally, and
I have seen the results of some of his examin-
ations. He is a man worth to any com-
mercial house or banking institution $3,000
a year. There is in the customs division H.
B. James, chief of the division, who receives
$1,800 a year as a fourth-class clerk, and is
allowed additional $1,150, making $2,950. I
do not suppose any man could be procured for
$1,800 suitable for that position. I find there
also the name of E. Goddard, fourth-class
clerk, at $1,800, who receives additional $750.
I find also the chief of the navigation division,
D. Lyman, with a salary of $1,800 a year, is
allowed $1,150 additional, making $2,950.
I do not suppose you can obtain a man fit
for that place for the amount allowed by law.
I happen to be personally acquainted with Mr.
Lyman, and an excellent man for that posi-
tion I should judge him to be, and he is a man
to whom very important questions are sub-
mitted. I do not think it is possible to get a
man to fill his place for the sum allowed by
law, $1,800 a year. Here is E. P. Gaines,
chief of the internal revenue division, with a
salary of $1,800 a year, wi'h an extra allow-
ance of $1,150, or in all $2,950. I am not
positive that I know this gentleman, but I
think I do; and he is a lawyer of a good deal
of ability, if he is the gentleman 1 suppose
him to be, to whom many important questions
are submitted.
These are the classes of men that it is neces-
sary to provide for; but there is no regular
provision made for them, and it seems to me
that if this item is stricken out the Secretary
will be very much embarrassed. Although
there may be some of those to whom allow-
ances are made that ought not to receive them,
and where men can be employed to do the
work for the salary fixed by law, those I have
named perform duties that suitable men co ild
not be obtained for at the salary fixed by law.
Mr. WINDOM. In the opinion of the Sen-
ator, can wo not provide a remedy if this clause
is stricken out ?
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator will offer
the remedy, I will see what it, is, and, if it com-
mends itself to my judgment, I will certainly
vote for it as a substitute for this; but he lias
not offered such a remedy, and, therefore, I
shall vote against striking out.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the motion of
the Senator from Minnesota will prevail. I
am satisfied that it is a reform in the right
direction, and I think the sooner this reform
takes place the better. My honorable friend
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] says that he would
be willing to vote for it next year. Why not
this year? Why not now? And let me tell
that honorable Senator that unless the Senate
now strike out this provision, there will be
three applications from other heads of Depart-
ments to give to them a sum of money to be
disposed of in the same way, at the discretion
of the head of the Department, which is now
given to the Secretary of the Treasury. Why
will you refuse it other Secretaries if you give
it to the Secretary of the Treasury ? The Treas-
ury is not the only Department in the Gov-
ernment that has responsible offices to fill,
and you will have your committees loaded
with complaints of unjust discrimination in
favor of the Secretary of the lreasury, when
the public interests demand that other heads
of Departments should have twenty, or thirty,
or fifty thousand dollars to distribute in their
Departments as he has in his.
The Government was carried on for seventy-
five years without any of this extraordinary
discretion confided to the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of money as he thinks
proper. Congress have no right to invest
any officer with any such power. The Con-
<jtitntion looks to the legislative department
of this Government as the guardiau of the
public Treasury. It is an evasion of their
responsibility when they say to any Secretary
of the Treasury " We will give you $100,000
and make you the sole judge of how it shall
be distributed."
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
deserves thanks of the country for what he has
said on this subject, and I wish his language-
was put iu gold and could reach every voter in
this country. He says it was a war measure
originally. You will find, not only in this par-
ticular instance, but in various parts of this
appropriation bill, that measures which were
originally resorted to as war measures for tem-
porary purposes have become precedents, and
have come to be standing appropriations, and
you cannot begin, in my judgment, too soon
nor better than by taking from the Secretary
of the Treasury this power to distribute
$22,000, instead of fixing all the salaries and
keeping him within the province of his con-
stitutional duty. I hope the amendment will
prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think the
amendment is understood. I ask the Clerk
to state it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us have the yeas
and nays. It is the beginning of a good step
in the right direction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page 18, to strike out lines four hundred and
fifteen, four hundred and sixteen, and four
hundred and seventeen, in the words "and
for additional clerks and additional competi-
tion to clerks in his office, $22-,500."
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand this is the
fund which the Secretary of the Treasury is
1 allowed to distribute at his discretion, without
: regard to the salaries fixed by Congress.
; Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. The effect of the amend-
ment, if adopted, is that that clause is stricken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Minnesota, and on that ques-
tion the Senator from Kentucky asks for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the call.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise for information ;
the Senator from Kentucky can probably an-
swer ray inquiry. I wish to vote to give this
money to the Secretary of the Treasury. Do
I vote "yea" or "nay?"
Mr. SHERMAN aud others. "Nay." _
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand this is a
proposition of the Senator from Minnesota to
reconsider the vote by which this provision has
been put in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves to strike out the
provision in the bill which has been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish again to inform
the Senate that for six years this provision has
been made, continued year after year, but
always at a higher rate than the present ; and
if this is stricken out we must provide some
other means by which certain officers can be
retained in the Treasury Department. There
is no doubt about that. Take the assistant
cashier; I ask Senators whether they suppose
the assistant cashier of the Treasury of the
United States can be employed at $1,800 ?
So with the chief clerk of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know an
office in this Government that there will not
be a vast number of applications to fill, and
those rejected will be equal to those who
