1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
tor to the contrary, I am unable to perceive
either our right to legislate as he proposes, or
the utility of our doing it.
Mr. President, as I find myself on my feet,
I will say one thing more. Such legislation
as is commended to us by the majority of the
committee, such legislation as has been main-
tained in a striking argument by my gifted
friend behind me, [Mr. Carpenter,] seems
to me, if not the last reason of kings, among
the last reasons which should be listened to irx
this Chamber. It is to be argued successfully
by a necessity unanswerable otherwise ; and
until that necessity can be shown, a link is
missing in the chain of argument.
Speaking of Louisiana and of every other
State, of every community to be treated as a
State in the Union, I affirm an inherent right
to set up government. A pestilence may sweep
over it at the time appointed for an election ;
no election may occur; the term of the Legis-
lature and of every judicial and executive
officer may expire; the State may find itself
entirely without the embodiment or incarna-
tion of government; or if you can suppose a
case going still further, it may find itself with
a constitution annihilated and no written char-
ter of fundamental law ; and yet, as I under-
stand it, a case has not arisen which neces-
sarily invokes the power of Congress to guar-
anty a republican form of government in that
State. Why? Because underlying officials,
underlying elections, underlying constitutions
themselves, deep down and immutable and
undying is that sovereignty and power which
resides in the people alone, and by the exer-
tion of which they can create or recreate a
frame of government. Reduce the laws and
frame of government in a State to ashes, and
from the ashes there may arise, wi'hout the
intervention of the national authority, a gov-
ernment in the similitude and likeness of that
which went out if it was republican, or an-
other government, improved, modified, altered
to the uttermost, so that it be within the limits
of republican government.
Not a generation ago, in my own State, men
who held great sway in the public councils
held a discussion in which I believe they were
not worsted, in which they contended that
although the constitution of New York, regu-
lar and valid in all regards, ordained its own
existence for a fixed period of years, ordained
that it should be superseded only by a consti-
tution to be framed by a convention, the time
of which it fixed, elected by the people at a
time and in a manner which it prescribed, the
people at any time might assemble in con-
vention of their own accord and supersede the
constitution by another, or amend it, change
it, reestablish it at their pleasure, of course,
as I said before, keeping within the limits of a
republican form of government.
If this position be true, all must agree that
in theory of law and in fact the people of
Louisiana, whenever the time shall come de-
manding it, whenever the necessity to which
they are reduced is so great that no other or
better alternative exists, may begin de novo, and
laying anew the keel of the vessel make again
their government in all its branches, legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial, and usher it into
existence with all the solemnities, with all the
compliances of methods and forms that can
crown with complete attributes any govern-
ment of a State, Should we in this view not
act at all the people of Louisiana are not
remediless.
It may be that between us and the expedient
which 1 suggest, stands that chasm referred
to by the Senator from Wisconsin, and he prop-
erly presses upon us the question whether
we have a rigbtifthere be danger, to sitdown
like the fool m the table and wail on the batiks
of the river till it runs by that we may go on
dry-footed. He has a right to put us the ques-
tion whether nro justified in running broad
risks of revolution m Louisiana, whether we
can excuse ourselves for exposing that cooi*
munity to insurrection, riot, anarchy, and car-
nage, without first, in the language of a platform
of a political party, once a famous platform
but now no more, having " exhausted the re-
sources of statesmanship." Certainly if it is
a grave question whether we are not bound to
exhaust the resources of the Constitution be-
fore handing over to the winds and waves of
popular tumult the State of Louisiana, blest
as she is and cursed as she is by the men who
disturb her.
I said, Mr. President, that I should not ven-
ture at this time to attempt to give definitead-
viceuponthe general question, certainly not. to
undertake to suggest methods affirmatively:
but before I vote for either of the propositions
submitted to us, or for any other affirmative
proposition, I want to be satisfied that I am
voting within the scope of the power of Con-
gress in such a case, and, second, that the ex-
pedient proposed is one the', promises not to
make a bad matter worse, but to insure some-
thing tending to tranquillity, i cannot think
the amendment offered by my honorable friend
from Georgia complies with either of these
requirements.
Mr. CARPENTER again addressed the
Senate. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator from Indiana
give way to me for a few moments?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to consume many minutes of the time of
the Senator from Indiana, as it is growing
late, but I do not think I ought to allow the
opportunity to pass of making my acknowl-
edgments to ihe distinguished Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkling] for the notice he
has condescended to take, of this bantling of
mine. The Senator as well as other men has
his peculiarities of manner. It may not be
improper in me to complain that in his criti-
cisms, which are always refined, and some-
times extremely pungent, he has on this occa-
sion, I think, indulged that peculiar character-
istic a little further than according to my own
taste was warranted by the circumstances.
He presumed, I take it for granted, upon
my known kindliness of feelings toward him
and a supposed want of sensibility on my
part when he characterized this measure of
mine as vox et prceterea nihil, and a disagree-
able voice at that. 1 certainly am very sorry
that I should have offended_ the ear of the
Senator either now or at any other time. If
in my simplicity it occurred to me, without
consulting a human being, that this was not a
monstrous proposition, and that in its struc-
ture it was not so perfectly devoid of taste
and symmetry and not sui generis at least I
think the Senator might have passed it by a
little more gently. I say to him in the kindest
manner that he and I cultivate different schools
of criticism. 1 do not complain that he treated
me with greater severity than he is in the habit
of treating his other friends; and it has oc-
curred to me that it would h^ve been just as
well in referring to this measure of mine to
have said of it that it was unconstitutional,
that there was no power in Congress to pass
such a bill; and, like villagers who did uotring
a bell to welcome Queen Elizabeth, and who
gave as the first reason, though they had many
others behind, that they had no bell to ring,
that would have been quite sufficient; that
criiicism would have contained no unkmdness;
but to laugh at the iniroduction of the bill, to
say that it was a string of whereases, &c., I
think was an unnecessary comment.
The Senator will pardon me when I say to
him that it has not struck all minds as it has
his. Some have thought, and among them
some good lawyers, too, that it was not a shock-
ing proposition; that if Congress proposed to
take hold of this matter at all, aud thought
that they ha ', power to go to the root and order
a new election because of what had occurred
certainly the exercise of a lesser power was
one that might not be condemned. The Sena-
tor dwells upon the absurdity of the idea of
convening these men said tq be elected to this
Legislature for the purpose of counting these
returns and of organizing a State government.
He ridicules such an idea as fallacious and
absurd in the extreme. He will pardon me for
saying that from information that has come
to me and which perhaps has not reached his
ear, there is a state of feeling in both of these
Legislatures or pretended Legislatures in
Louisiana that prompts the members elected
to welcome any measure that would harmonize
affairs in Louisiana and would relieve them
of the unpleasant predicament in which they
have involved themselves; that they would
hail such a measure with joy. If I am simple
in entertaining that belief, that is my misfor-
tune.
I will inquire of my friend why he does not
apply the same criticism to the bill of the
Senator from Wisconsin? After the ma-
chinery provided by that bill, if it shall be
adopted, is put in motion, can he find in that
bill any clause that imposes penalties upon the
persons who may be elected to the respective
offices who do not qualify and perform the
duties of those offices? There is no such clause
in that bill. What becomes of his illustration
of taking the horse to drinkand not being able
to make him drink after you have done it?
Will it not apply in that case quite as well as
in mine? It rather strikes me that it would.
Sir, this proposition is an invitation to the
respective Legislatures and the people of
Louisiana to come together like sensible men
and see if they cannot bring order out of the
chaos that reigns there. If I have sought in
this manner to bring about such a result, and
even if I have been unfortunate in the mode
of doing it. which I confess I did not ask a
human being about, and never submitted to
anybody, it may be because I am not skilled
as a legislator, which I do not pretend to be,
if I have been thus unfortunate. As for the
introductory part of the measure, it recites
the names of certain persons who are required
to assemble. It does not strike me that it is
very material whether that appears in the pre-
amble or in the body of the act. As it is, I
chose to put it in the introductory part. That
is purely a matter of taste.
1 must say that this habit of severe criticisim
upon the acts of brother Senators is not agree-
able to me. I would rather have the dissent
from a proposition without quite so much of
the incisive, and what seems to be a little of
the acrimonious. I cannot see the necessity
of it. t Certainly I do not intend anybody any
harm, and the Senator knows I do not. I in-
tend the people of Louisiana good, and I
intend the Senate itself good, and I intend the
President good, for I would relieve him and
relieve everybody else of the turmoil in which
we are involved.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we have be-
fore us a bill to set aside the election in Louis-
iana. to set aside the existing government in
Louisiana, and restore the government that
existed on t,he4thofNovember;in other words,
the Warmoth government; to put Governor
Warmoth back as the Governor of Louisiana ;
to put Herron back as secretary of State, and
to restore the State of Louisiana to the con-
trol of Governor Warmoth and his admiuistra-
tion; and the State is thus to be put back
under the government and eontrol of Governor
Warmoth for at least, four or five months.
The first and principal reason given for this
bill by the Senator from Wisconsin is that
there is no State government in Louisiana.
He has said that not less than a hundred times
to-day, that Louisiana is without a State gov-
ernment. Now, if I were to declare to this
Senate and to this audience to-night very often
that there is uo person occupying the chair,
and should insist upon that statement, it would
not make it true; and the Senator from Wis-
