1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
cousin may from this until the 4th of March
declare that there is no State government in
Louisiana; but I say to my friend it is not true.
On the contrary, it is just the reverse of true.
There is a government there; no difference,
if you please, how it started; there is a gov-
ernment in full and complete operation from
the Governor down to the lowest parish officer,
including all State officers, Legislature, judges,
and every department of that government,
in full operation. But my friend has no basis
for his argument except by the continued
declaration that there is no Government in
Louisiana. I say to him there is a govern-
ment there, and he proposes to get clear of it
by an act of Congress to turn Governor Kel-
logg out of office and to put Governor War-
moth in his place; to dissolve the Kellogg
Legislature, it' you so speak, to turn out the
State officers and put back the friends and
associates of Governor Warmoth on the 4th
day of November last.
But the Senator says that this government
is not legal. How does he come at that con-
clusion ? The supreme court of the State has
said that it is legal, has said that it is a govern-
ment de jure in at least three formal decisions..
Oh but, he says, the supreme court of Louis-
iana had no jurisdiction in those cases. The
Senator has made a casual examination of that
question in committee, along with many others;
he has had his business here in the Senate,
and he has been engaged in taking testimony,
and here is the volume of it, [exhibiting the
book of evidence,] and he has not had much
time to devote to the question as to whether
the supreme court of Louisiana had jurisdic-
tion in those two cases or not.
Now, acknowledging the ability of my friend
as a lawyer, acknowledging his sagacity, I must
submit to him, with all due respect, that the
supreme court of Louisiana understood the
question of its jurisdiction under the statutes
of Louisiana, the decisions of Louisiana, the
usages of Louisiana much better than he, and
if 1 am called upon to give my preference to
his opinion made up thus casually or to the
solemn decision of three judges of acknowl-
edged ability who have had the question argued
before them for days, without any disrespect
to him, I would say they understood it much
better than he does. I read both those de-
cisions carefully. 1 read the argument in re-
gard to their jurisdiction under their peculiar
statutes. I think their argument is peifectly
conclusive, and I see no force whatever in the
argument of the Senator from Wisconsin. We
cannot assume that that court is not com-
petent to pass upon its own jurisdiction ; nor
do I think "we have a right to treat its claim to
jurisdiction with levity and say it is entitled to
no consideration whatever; that because we
are here in this high position and they are
down there, we can understand things much
easier and much better than they can.
I know that many of those State courts are
composed of men of high ability and high
character who would adorn the Senate of the
United States or any other position in this Gov-
ernment, and when the Senator strikes down
their decisions by a jest, laughs them to scorn
and says they have got no jurisdiction, that
they recognize Pinchback and that Pinchback
recognizes them, and puts them off with a joke.
I say to the Senator that he is not doing him-
self justice nor is he doing that court justice.
Mr. President, the question ofjurisdietion was
argued before them at length. They have
passed upon it solemnly, and according to my
ieeble judgment in reading their opinion they
passed upon it wisely, and I believe both of
those decisions not only in regard to their juris-
diction but in regard to the points of law other-
wise decided were well made, and that they
are sound and the Senator from Wisconsin has
no power to overthrow them.
As 1 said before the Senator's bill proposes
to restore the Warmoth government. He has
given us a glowing picture of the virtues of
Governor Warmoth. He has shown his claims
to public consideration and what a good thing
it would be to put Governor Warmoth back
over the State of Louisiana ; he has done so
much good in that State for the last four years.
The Senator himself described him as a very
prodigy of fraud and criminality. He has
made him out as accomplished; what shall I
say, not to use the word the Senator used,
but he has described him as an accomplished
and successful villain. That is the English of
what the Senator has said about Governor
Warmoth to-day ; but he proposed by his bill
to restore that gentleman to his control of the
government of Louisiana.
Mr. CARPENTER. By the rule of courtesy
established between the Senator and myself
I believe we are each entitled to interrupt the
other once an hour. I desire to say in that
connection that the Constitution of Louisiana
provides that every officer shall hold over
until his successor is elected and qualified,
and upon the theory of this bill, that there
was no election in November, 1872, Governor
Warmoth, whether we like or dislike him,
will be Governor until there is an election of
his successor.
Mr. MORTON. He will be Governor when
you put him back there by an act of Coirgess
and in no other way, and the Senator has given
us a hundred good reasons to-day why Gov-
ernor Warmoth should never fill any office
again. But he says if Governor Warmoth is
not restored by setting aside this election, then
we have got but one other thing to do. What
is that? We have got to recognize the Mc-
Enery government, McEnery as Governor and
that Legislature as the lawful Legislature of
the State; and he went on to argue to-night
that McEnery was elected by the grossest
frauds, the most monstrous frauds, and that
that Legislature is a fraud in itself; that Gov-
ernor Warmoth used the machinery of election
in such a way as to subvert the popular will.
With an acknowledged Republican majority
in that State of from eighteen to twenty thou
sand, a fact scarcely disputed by anybody,
with a majority of colored men over white
men, and as we know the colored men every-
where voting-the Republican ticket solid or
nearly so, and with a large Republican white
vote, that majority was subverted by the frauds
which put McEnery and his party, as he in-
sists, into power in case we do not put Gov-
ernor Warmoth back.
Into what strange conclusions and situa-
tions does the Senator's argument lead him !
First, we must put Governor Warmoth back,
who is the very paragon of political crime;
and if we do not do that, then we must
acknowledge McEnery, who, the Senator has
argued, was elected by the most monstrous
frauds, frauds so great aud so palpaple that
in his report here he has declared that they
made the election void. And when this after-
noon I put that point to my friend, that he had
recognized thatelection as being void on account
of its crimes, aud how therefore would he rec-
ognize the McEnery government, he said it was
a smaller fraud than that committed by the
Lynch board that put the Kellogg government
into office. A smaller fraud 1 If the fraud was
large enough to make the election void, as the
Senator said it was, then that is the end of it.
There is no use in making a comparison of
frauds. But the Senator does make a com-
parison of frauds, and he says the fraud upon
the other side was the larger of the two. I
propose now to treat that question very briefly
as to which was the larger fraud of the two,
supposing for the sake of argument that there
was a fraud on both sides.
First, the Warmoth fraud, as the Senator
would designate it, subverted by the use of
the machinery of the election, a clear Repub-
lican majority of from eighteen to twenty thou-
sand votes in that State. That fraud secured,
as he says, a majority of the votes actually
cast for McEnery and for his friends. It seems
to me that is a pretty large fraud upon the
Senator's own statement. I think it is a larger
fraud than he can make out when he talks
about forged affidavits on the other side. How
was that fraud committed? Tbe Senator him-
self has described it. But I wish to make one
correction of his statement in regard to it.
He says that if the election had been fairly
conducted Kellogg and his ticket would have
been elected; but conducted as it was, a
majority of the votes actually cast were for
McEnery and his ticket. We concede no
such thing as that. We will concede that
those returns as they were placed upon our
tables in the committee-room did show, ac-
cording to the testimony of two men who said
they had looked over thern, but who had no
more authority to count them than these pages
on this floor—we will concede that those re-
turns thus placed on our table according to
the testimony of those two men did show a
majority for McEnery of about six thousand
votes; but we do not concede that those re-
turns as there placed upon our tables showed
the votes as cast at the election.
First, we insist that from ten to twelve thou-
sand Republicans were kept from voting by
means of the fraudulent use of the election
machinery, and my friend has described how
that was done. But we still insist that, not-
withstanding those frauds, the Kellogg govern-
ment was elected if the votes had been counted
as they were put into the box ; that the subse-
quent manipulation of those votes and the way
tliey were disposed of resulted in giving to
McEnery his supposed majority of six thou-
sand.
I will not go over the ground the Senator
has covered, but I will refer to some passages
from the evidence I have here showing m what
way these returns have been manipulated.
And 1 wish to remark right here, as some of
the ear-marks of fraud that were not spoken
of by the Senator from Wisconsin, that Gov-
ernor Warmoth sent out men from New
Orleans to take charge of the elections in
distant parishes. One man, a notorious vag-
abond, who was sent out to a parish two hun-
dred miles distant from New Orleans as the
supervisor of registration, the man who had
the appointment of all the commissioners of
election in that parish, the appointment of all
the judges of election, as we call them in the
North, made up his returns afier he got back
to the city of New Orleans. Another man
was sent out to a parish one hundred and
fifty miles distant. The excuse was that there
was nobody in the parish qualified to do it. The
reason was because he was an expert in elec-
tion frauds, and he was sent out for the very
purpose of manipulating the elections.
The law of Louisiana requires that as soon
as the voting is completed all the ballot boxes
in the parish, that is, the county, shall be
brought to one place in the county, that there the
votes shall be counted, and as soon as the votes
are counted and the statement is made out, then
the supervisors of registration and the commis-
sioners of election shall sign the returns and
swear to them and their oaths shall be indorsed
upon the returns, and after that they are to be
sealed up as required by law and sent to the
Governor, and within ten days after that time
they are to be opened in presence of the re-
turning board. Governor Warmoth swears
expressly that he opened these returns on the
14th of November. The election took place
on the 4th, and he opened them on the 14th.
I will remark that Kellogg and his friends, the
Republican candidates, never had the slightest
opportunity to examine those returns until they
were placed on the table here in the commit-
tee-room ; nobody was ever allowed to look
at them except the friends and appointees of
Governor Warmoth ; nobody was ever allowed
to examine ihem for frauds, for perjuries, or
for irregularities. After they were placed
upon the table in committee-room an exam-
ination took place, and here are a few of the
