908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
receive the appointment. My information from
the Secretary of the Treasury himself is that
he has thousands upon thousands of applica-
tions for every office that he has a right to fill.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if you ask the Sec-
retary of the Treasury he will tell you it is for
the interest of the Government of the United
States to pay the officers in the Treasury De-
partment who have been tried by long experi-
ence and faithful service $5,000, or even
$10,000 a year rather than trust untried men
with the disbursement of large sums. Bat I
do not wish to debate the question. I wish
simply to say that this is an old appropriation
now proposed to be stricken out. It is not a
proposition coming from any committee to put
on a new appropriation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think it has
been a year since we had a defalcation, a pal-
pable robbery, in the Treasurer's office.
Mr. SHERMAN. By a $1,600 clerk.
Mr. STEVENSON. Perhaps that man was
one of the very recipients of this special fund
placed in the control of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I do not know how that is.
Now I answer my honorable friend from
Ohio. He says he is willing to give this up in
a year. Why? Clearly because he believes
it is a bad precedent. If it was a good prac-
tice he would not abandon it. He is willing
now to say that a year hence he will give it up.
Will not the difficulty exist a year hence to get
these admirable officers as much as it does
now? I ask my friend what will there be
brought forth in a year which will enable these
gentlemen to take a less salary than they have
now? Will not the necessity for this pro-
vision exist as much then as now? If this is
a reform demauded by true principles, let us
begin at this day and strike it out. There will
be no difficulty in getting good men. Let us
try it once and see.
Mr. SAWYER. As I understand this propo-
sition of the Senator from Minnesota, it is to
strike out the usual appropriation of $22,500
which has been put in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to be disposed of by him
among such clerks as he thought proper. Now
I venture to say that it is absolutely impossi-
ble to secure in the places occupied by the
men to whom this money is paid proper men
to discharge the duties for the salary which is
provided for them by the Government.
Mr. WIN DOM. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. Does not the Senator
believe that the chief of the record and files
division could be employed for $1,800 a year?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know that the
chief of the record and files division might
not be so employed, but I know there are
men, and most of those to whom hith-
erto these additional sums have been appro-
priated, whose services in that Department
are cheaply paid at $5,000 a year.
Mr. WINDOM. I will say to the Senator
that those are not generally the men who get
this money.
Mr. SAWYER. I can say that of most of
the men to whom these sums are paid duties
are required which in civil life would com-
mand double the amount which is paid to
them by the Government, and that to some of
them is due the fact that this Government
saves hundreds of thousands of dollars every
year, and that these are men who, if this amend-
ment is adopted, will be limited in their sala-
ries to $1,800 a year, who have it in their
power to steal a hundred thousand dollars and
have nobody able to find it out within these
walls.
Mr. WINDOM. Does the Senator believe
that if they have that disposition five hundred
or one thousand dollars will prevent their
doing it?
Mr. SAWYER. No, Mr. President; but
I do believe that where the Government places
a responsible duty in the hands of a man it
should pay him such a price as will secure a
man who is beyond the reach of the tempta-
tion to steal from the Government.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will ask the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina whether a
defalcation has not occurred in the Treasury
Department within less than a year, even with
this provision?
Mr. SAWYER. Under any system of
government a defalcation will occur. But I
ask the Senator whether, if he was the largest
stockholder in a bank, he would put in a man
there on an inadequate salary because forsooth
he would regard it as a measure of economy ?
No, sir, he would regard it as good economy
to pay a salary that would secure a man whose
character was above suspicion.
Now, the chief clerk of the Treasury De-
partment receives by law a salary of $2,200.
We very well know that the chief clerk of the
Treasury Department has an opportunity of
taking from the Government five times or one
hundred times his salary every year if he
chooses, and yet may defy our efforts to dis-
cover where that leak is. He works more
hours night and day than any laborer in your
dockyards or your arsenals. He adheres to
no eight hour law. He works night and day
as the duties of his position may demand of
him, and works faithfully. He has studied
the machinery of the Treasury Department,
he is striving all the time to devise checks and
restraints upon the leaks in the Treasury, and
we offer him by this provision the paltry salary
of $2,200, and say to the Secretary that he shall
not pay him any more.
While I agree with my friend from Ken-
tucky and with other Senators who think there
ought to be a fixed compensation for every
officer of the Government, I say that until the
Senate and the Congress of the United States
come to the conclusion to enact a salary bill
which shall give adequate compensation to
these officers, we should put into the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury the discretion to
bestow the additional compensation where, in
his judgment, it is absolutely necessary. If
you will pass a bill through this Congress
making a law that these men shall be adequately
paid in proportion to the duties they perform,
I have no objection to your annulling all pro-
visions for the discretionary bestowal of com-
pensation. But while we pay clerical labor
better than any Government upon earth, we
pay the labor of brains poorer than any Gov-
ernment on earth. We put a man where he
lias to have all the qualities which belong to
high executive powers, and tell him he must
work for a compensation which would be
laughed at by an applicant for a position in
a private capacity where equal powers were
required.
Now, either pass a law which compensates
these officers adequately or give the head of
your Department a fund with which he can in
his discretion, which we believe will be wisely
used, compensate those men that he conceives
are necessary to the proper administration of
the Government. It is economy under the
piesent rigime to put this amount in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am not will-
ing that even by implication the adoption of
the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota shall be construed as refusing to pay to
officers who are worthy of it additional com-
pensation. I do not make any war against the
compensation which is paid to the chief clerk
of the Treasury Department. He is a compe-
tent officer, and we well know that he earns his
salary. I do not make any opposition to the
salary of any one of the fifty-five clerks who
get this $31,000 disbursed among them; I
do not know who they are ; I do not care who
they are ; I do not care whether they are con-
stituents of mine, or whose constituents they
are ; it is to the principle of paying a different
salary in reality from that which appears upon
the statute-book that I make opposition.
I have looked at the distribution of this
fund, this $31,000—$22,500 in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and $8,500 in the
office of the Treasurer of the United States.
I have gone through all the persons who
receive it, and I fiud that in the office of the
Secretary proper there are thirty-two who
receive the additional compensation ; in the
loan division there are two ; in the office of
the Supervising Architect of the Treasury
there are two ; in the Second Auditor's office
there are two; and in the office of the Treas-
urer of the United States there are seventeen,
making altogether, as I have said, fifty-five
clerks out of all the employes of the Treasury
Department who receive this $31,000 that is
to be distributed. That is not a very large
number of clerks to provide for specifically by
law; and while I am not prepared to say upon
a casual glance that I would indorse the sal-
ary that is given to every one of these clerk-
ships, grading it in proportion to its duties
and responsibilities, still I think we can go
over these fifty-five clerks during this session
and provide specifically by law how much
they ought to have, and for this reason I shall
vote for this amendment, which I understand
in this instance applies to the $22,500, and I
presume it is intended to follow it up by strik-
ing out the $8,500 in the other office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Windom,] upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis, Edmunds, Kenton, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Kelly, Machen, Nor-
wood, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury. Sehurz,
Scott. Stevenson, Stockton, Thurinan, Tipton, Vick-
ers, Windom, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Chandler, Corbett, Cra-
ein, Ferry of Michigan, Hamlin. Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pool, itioe, Sawyer, Sher-
man. Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, and West—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boroman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter. Clay-
ton, Cole, Conkling. Frelinghtiysen, Gilbert, Ilarlan,
Hitchcock, ltowe, Johnston, Lewis. Logan, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner,
Trumbull, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections to report
an amendment, which 1 presented to the Sen-
ate yesterday, and which I now ask to have
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out lines ten and eleven, in the
following words:
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
S405.000,
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For compensation and mileage of Senators $701,-
000; and the compensation of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, and tho Delegates from the
Territories shall be $7,000 per annum, to be paid as
at present provided by law, and to commence froul
the beginning of the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. HILL. I will state for the information
of the Senate that on a former occasion, as
will be remembered, a proposition came from
the committee for $8,000, and, to oblige some
others, it has now been modified. Something
has occurred with the law-making body since
that proposition was made that is also very
familiar.to the Senate. A bill has passed abol-
ishing the franking privilege, and I merely ask
Senators to take into consideration with this
amendment the fact that the franking privilege
is now abolished. The bill abolishing it needs
only the signature of the President to become
a law, and doubtless it will receive that.
I have nothing in the world to say about
this matter other than to repeat my own con-
