1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
viction that the pay of Senators and Repre-
sentatives is insufficient. I merely ask for a
conscientious expression of opinion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
inquire from what committee this comes?
Mr. HILL. It comes from the committee
to which it was referred yesterday, the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections. I will
state that I report the proposition from that
committee with no negative voice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Have the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections examined
it?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir ; there was no one in
the committee who objected to the previous
proposition, which was a thousand dollars
higher.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
spoke of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. Does this amendment take effect on
the same day as the abolition of the franking
privilege?
Mr. HILL. It does not. It takes effect
from the beginning of the present Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is it in order to move to
lay the amendment on the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves that the amendment lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to ; there, being on a
division—ayes 23, noes 16.
Mr. WINDOM. In accordance with the
wish of the Senate, as expressed upon the
previous motion made by myself, I now move
to amend the bill on page 22, by striking out
all after the word " dollars," in line five hun-
dred and eighteen, down to and including the
word "Treasury," inline five hundred and
twenty one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk On page 22, commenc-
ing in line five hundred and eighteen, it is
proposed to strike outihe following clause :
Provided, That SS.500 are hereby appropriated,
to be expended in the office of the Treasurer of the
United States, at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to reconsider the
vote of the Senate agreeing to the amendment
which I understand was proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to-day, increas-
ing the salaries of certain officers in the De-
partments. I supposed we had gotten rid of
that subject by the consent of the Senator
from Ohio himself; but we appear in a mo-
ment of forgetfulness to have adopted the
amendment. I now move to reconsider the
vote adopting that, so that we can make this
appropriation bill a model for all future Con-
gresses.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator was not in,
and cannot make the motion strictly accord-
ing to the rule; but I have no objection to its
being put. I will just call for th.e yeas and
nays, because every Senator understands the
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless the
Senator from Vermont voted with the major-
ity he cannot make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ED MUNDS. I confess that I was neces-
sarily absent for a moment; but I understand
the usage of the Senate to have been—and it
has been stated from the Chair to that effect
often—that where there was no division on a
question any Senator had the right to move to
reconsider. If I am not strictly in order in
making that motiou, I wish to have it ruled
out of order, and I will try to find some Sen-
ator who will make it for me. I do not make
it as a matter of favor, but make it as a matter
° Mr8'WRIGHT. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me to interrupt him, I will
make that motion. I voted in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
the Senator from Vermont making the mo-
tion. I said that for one I did not object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ask it as a
matter of favor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa is competent to make the
motion, and the Senator from Iowa moves to
reconsider the vote on the amendment, which
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment
adopted on motion of Mr. Sherman, as fol-
lows:
That from and after the 1st day of January, 1873,
the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries, the Soli-
citor, the Register, and the Supervising Architect of
the Treasury Department, the Assistant Secretary
of the Interior, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
the Commissioner of Agriculture, the Commissioner
of Customs, the Auditors of the Treasury, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and the Assistant Postmasters
General, the superintendent of the money order
system, and the superintendent of foreign mails
of the Post Office Department, shall be $4,000 each
per annum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is only three or four
days since, after debate, the Senator from Ohio,
who then proposed this same amendment, with-
drew it, being satisfied himself that it was the
right thing to do to relieve this bill from that
species of legislation. He so stated in a speech
that he delivered in the Senate. I know of
no reason which should have changed the
opiuion of the Senator or the Senate since that
time. I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that
we shall reconsider the vote adopting this
amendment, and leave this bill free. And in
expressing that hope, as I said before, I do
not act in any hostility to the proposition re-
ported from the Committee on Finance to
raise these salaries. I now express no opin-
ion about that at all. I do not desire to raise
the question of the merit of this proposition
taken by itself. There are a hundred other
propositions on your Calendar that may or may
not have merit; and yet the Senate would
find itself involved in extreme difficulyif, they
being proposed, we were to pass upon their
merits and put them on if we thought they
were meritorious and keep them off if we
thought the other way. It is therefore only
in the interest of keeping appropriation bills
what they ought to be that I desire to have
this matter reconsidered ; and on the motion
to reconsider I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator had been
here when I moved the amendment lie would
have heard me state that when I withdrew it
before it was upon the argument of the Sena-
tor from Vermont against attaching to this bill
legislative measures; and yet I had scarcely
taken my seat before he himself offered a
proposition which led to a debate of nearly
two days, of a legislative character, and other
propositions of various kinds changing the
law were debated by the Senate and added to
this bill.
Now, as to turning these heads of bureaus
over to the chance of a separate bill on the
docket and sending that bill to the House of
Representatives at this period of- the session,
it is utterly idle. Every Senator knows very
well that to vote against attaching this propo-
sition to this bill is a defeat of it. ^ Why? In
the first place, the separate bill is put upon
our Calendar, and when reached if it meets
with a single objection it goes over, and that
is the end of it, because a proposition of this
kind is not likely to be taken up on motion.
It is not of sufficient importance to be taken
up on motion. No Senator cares about test-
ing it on a motion to take it up and having a
struggle about the order of business at the
close of the session. But suspose we pass it
and it goes to the House, by the rules of the
House it is practically impossible to get hold
of it unless it be attached to an appropriation
bill. Everybody knows that. My friend from
Vermont is sufficiently familiar with the rules
of the House to know that a separate bill in
regard to salaries cannot in the nature of
things and from the practice of the House be
received and acted upon.
Now, I do believe that it is a matter of
justice and right that these various officers
performing the same class of duties should be
put upon the same grade. Why is it that the
Register of the Treasury, for instance, gets
$4,000, and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office only $8,000? Why is it that the
Assistant Secretary of one Department gets
$3,500, and of another $3,000? Why is it that
there is a discrimination ? Simply because,
by the gradual progress of events, the oldest
officers get the least salary, the officers that
were first created get the least. This is an
effort to equalize the salaries of bureau offi-
cers. The amount it will take from the Treas-
ury of the United States is not much over
$5,000 per annum, and it is upon that point
that we are now debating. Some of them get
$4,000 now ; one named in this amendment
gets $4,000, and several of them get $3,500,
and some of them get but $3,000. Perhaps
somewhere between five and ten thousand dol-
lars per annum will meet the increase voted
by the amendment. It is a matter of right, a
matter of justice, that these officers perform-
ing the same class of duties should have pretty
much the same pay. The Committee on Fi-
nance have reported this. It has been adopted
several times, and I believe the House of
Representatives will now agree to it. If they
disagree to it, that is the end of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ohio
takes me to task for not sticking to my own
principles. I am much obliged to him. That
is a just criticism, one he has a right to make,
in the sense of his being entitled to call atten-
tion to it, but I think the rest of the Senate
will not agree with him that I have been incon-
sistent. He was satisfied himself that this
amendment ought not to go upon this bill, and
he took it out. Now he says the next thing I
did was to move an amendment of a legisla-
tive character. How did I do it? Does'any-
body know better than the Senator from Ohio
that I did it as an amendment to a provision
already in the bill from the House of a legis-
lative character ? Did not the House say to
us that the ninth section of the act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
a certain year should be repealed ; and did I
not then merely provide, in carrying out the
spirit of that repeal, that it should be repealed
in a certain way and with a certain effect, and
under certain conditions? That was all.
Therefore, Mr. President, I am not open to
the criticism which the honorable Senator
from Ohio makes on my consistency, by any
means.
Now let us come to the thing itself. The
Senator says that this is the only way to do it.
He is vastly mistaken. Every morning almost
that Senator puts through this Senate, on a
report from his committee, measures of one
kind and another, not as important as this.
There is no difficulty about it. He can move
to take up to-morrow morning, if he pleases,
during the morning hour, this very bill that he
has reported ; and if, as he supposes, it will
meet with general approval, it will go by gen-
eral consent. And then if we are authorized,
as he has done, to talk about the House of
Representatives, what do we find over there ?
I do not think we ought to talk about the
House of Representatives. I do not think
what they may or may not do should ever be an
element in regulating our conduct, except upon
questions pendingbetween the two Houses upon
a conference : but as he has opened it, I shall
be pardoned for going into that a little. What
do we know that they do? We know that bills
of this kind go on the Speaker's table, and we
know that if the House of Representatives de-
sire to increase these salaries and to pass that
bill they can go to the Speaker's table, as they
do every two or three days, and when that bill
