1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
prevent the forcible intrusion upon the Kel-
logg Legislature of persons whose names were
not on the list provided by the secretary of
State, as required by the law, or to prevent an
unlawful assemblage. The Senator can refer
to the testimony of the captain who was the
commanding officer there.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana allow me to make a suggestion to him in
that connection, as I want to see the thing fair
on both sides ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. As sustaining the statement
of the Senator from Indiana, the evidence does
show that a portion of the Legislature now call-
ing themselves the McBnery Legislature at first
acted with what is called the Kellogg Legis-
lature, and subsequently withdrew from that
Legislature, and joined the other body.
Mr. SCHURZ. If we want to get at the
facts, I think we should state them all 
Mr. MORTON. I beg my friend to excuse
me. He can make that a part of his speech if
he wants to read the evidence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is of great import-
ance in a matter of this kind to understand,
if we can, from the committee precisely what
the facts are. I find in the views of the
majority on the subject on the quorum of the
Legislature, 011 page 45, this statement:
" There are two bodies of men in that State, one
claiming to be tbo senate and the other the house
of representatives, who recognize Kellogg and his
associates ;is the officers of the State. But there is
not and never has been a Quorum of both houses
who have any pretense of having been elected to
their seats."
The Senator said just now, if I understood
him, that, as he was informed, iu one of the
bodies there was a quorum, and in the other
possibly; but the majority of the committee
in finding these facts seem to say that of those
who had any prima facie title to the office for
the time being, until it could be determined by
somebody, this body of men never had a
quorum of those who had even a decent pre-
text to be there.
Mr. MORTON. The majority of the com-
mittee did not intend to be understood as
saying that quite. I will state how the Kellogg
Legislature was made up. The Lynch return-
ing board returned certain members electcd
to the House and certain members elected to
the Senate, and they deposited a copy of that
return with the secretary of State. The sec-
retary of State, in accordance with the law,
made out the list of the members elected to
each House, and, as required by law, placed
that list in the hands of the secretary of the
former senate, and the speaker of the former
house, because those officers were deputed by
the law to organize the new Legislature, as it is
perhaps in most other States. The secretary of
State did make out that list of those persons
thus returned by the Lynch board, and placed
it in the hands of the clerk and the secretary
of the former Legislature, and the Legislature
was organized upon that list.
That is the law in Louisiana, that is the law
in Indiana, and I presume in most of the States,
the evidence of the right to take a seat in the
Legislature is that the name is found upon the
list made out by the secretary of state of per-
sons returned by the returning board as elected.
They take their seats upon that prima facie
title. If any of them in point of fact were
not elected, then tkeii seats may be contested,
and each house is made the judge of the elec-
tions and returns of its members. That is the
way that Legislature was made up. When it was
organized, there was an acknowledged lawful
quorum in the senate. Forty-five out of fifty-
eix members in the. house, fifty-six being a
quorum, were returned by both boards, and
there was no dispute about their election.
There were eleven members in the house whose
elections were iu dispute, that went to make
up the quorum ; thirty-one in all, whose elec-
tions were in dispute Three days afterward
a secession took place, and a few members
went from the house and a few from the senate.
Uniting with a large number of men who had
been returned as elected by the so-called De
Feriet board, the mere appointees of Governor
Warmoth, and without any authority, at another
place organized what was called the McEnery
Legislature. That Legislature never had a
quorum of lawfully elected members in either
branch, especially in the house, by the con-
fession of Mr. McMillen himself. When my
friend from Illinois wants to seat Mr. McMillen
as the lawfully elected Senator, I want to com-
mend him to Mr. McMilleu's testimony.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We certainly ought not
to mislead ourselves or the Senate by these
statements. I do not suppose that there should
be any dispute of fact between the Senator from
Indiana and myself. Now, he makes these
statements as if the testimony warranted them,
and he made the statement in regard to Cap-
tain Jackson that nobody was kept out of the
Legislature. Will he allow me to read what
Captain Jackson said?
Mr. MORTON. I prefer that my friend
should offer his evidence at the end of my
speech.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that he is entirely mistaken. Captain
Jackson does say 
Mr. MORTON. Read what Captain Jack-
son says.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
I will.
"Question. Do you know General McMillen ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Might he not have been stopped with-
out you knowing it ?
"Answer. Not by the soldiers.
"Question. But by the marshal?
"Anmoer. Yes, sir; ho might have been stopped.
"Question. Do you not know the fact that Gen-
eral McMillan was stopped m attempting to enter
by the marshal?
"Answer. X do not know myself, hut I heard him
say so.
"Question. Do you not know others were stopped,
not by you, but by the marshal?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. And held by him for a time to consider
whether they should euter?
"Answer. No, sir. X heard so.
"Question. It may have been so and you not know
it?
"Answer. It may have been so.
"Question. You heard so?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
He admits that ho heard so, Now, here is
what General McMillen says.
Mr. MORTON. I gave you leave to read
Captain Jackson's testimony. That does not
sustain your point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was not present;
his troops were there stationed and he heard
that persons were stopped, and he says in an-
other part of his testimony that the troops
were there subject to the order of the marshal;
they were there for that purpose to hold the
Legislature. My colleague in the Senate
asked him:
" Question. I want to understand the object of
stationing you there. Under the instructions of the
marshal, suppose a riot had occurred in front of the
building, what would you have done ?
" Answer. I would not have interfered.
" Question, Thou you did not understand that you
were stationed there to preserve the peace ?
"Answer. No. sir.
" Question. But simply to hold the building ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Yousay you were to hold the building.
Were you to hold the building subject to the author-
ity of any particular party, or any particular set of
men?
"Answer. No, sir,
" Question. Merely to hold it ?
"Aniwer. Merely to hold it.
" Question. And to rcceive orders from him, from
time to time, as to the manner of holding it ?
"Answer, Yes, sir; it was left to my own judg-
ment, the manner of holding it was."
He says:
" My understanding was that I was to occupy and
hold the building subject to his order."
" Question. The order of whom ?
"Answer. Of the marshal."
That is what Captain Jackson says.
Mr. MORTON. Xow, Mr. President, the
passage from the testimony read by the Sen-
ator from Illinois does not hear out his state-
ment. The captain of the force said that his ,
orders were that if auybody was stopped they
were to report to him, and no report was made
to him. He said that he did hear that General
McMillen was stopped, and so he stated subse-
quently ; but the Senator did not read that, and
I will read it for him:
" Question. Have you any reason to believe it was
not so ?
"Answer. I had reason to believe that General
McMillen was not stopped, because I had it from
Marshal DeKlyne himself. He said he did not stop
him ; that they had some talk only ; I think it was
on the stage in front of the Governor's room, or the
lieutenant-governor's room, and General McMillen
walked into my quarters. That is the only reason I
have for believing he was not stopped."
And the fact was that General McMillan was
not stopped, but went iu and took his seat in
the Kellogg senate and remained there for
three days, and was one of the seceders. Now,
upon the question as to whether Mr. McMillen
can be admitted as elected by the McEnery
Legislature, I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to his own testimony. Here is
what he said; I am reading from the testimony
of Mr. McMillen:
" Question. Was there a quorum in both houses of
the regular Legislature organized in the State-house
on the 9th day of December?
" Answer. There was a quorum of Senators. I do
not believe there was a quorum in the House of Rep-
resentatives of legally elected members. I believe
there was a quorum of Senators, but not of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives.
" Question. Was there a quorum sworn in?
"Answer. My impression is that they declared
that there was a quorum sworn in in both Houses; I
know there was in the Senate, and that is my rocol-
lection in regard to the House'
" Question. How long did the McBnery Legislature
remain in session before it adjourned at the regular
session ?
"Answer. It obtained a quorum on Wednesday,
the 11th.
"Question. In both houses ?
"Answer. Both houses.
" Question. Of legally elected members ?
"Answer, In the Senate, of legally elected mem-
bers.
" Question. How in the house?
"Answer. I am not prepared to state.
" Question. What is your j udgment on that ques-
tion ? "
I want the Senate to know what General
McMillen says himself in regard to the Mc-
Enery Legislature, which he claims elected
him as a member of this body. I am going
to read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator do
General McMillen the justice to read hii let-
ter which will be found at page 969 of the
report?
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to read this first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator can_ read
a part of the statement if he wants to mislead
the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I will read so much that
there cannot be any equivocation about the
part that I do read. General McMillen was
asked to state the fact whether there wals a
quorum in the Legislature that elected him to
the Senate. What does he say?
" My opinion is that neither house of representa-
tives "—
That is, neither the Kellogg nor the McEnery
branch—
" has ever had a quorum of really elected represent-
atives of the people."
Now, sir, do you want to seat him on his own
statement?
"That is my opinion merely; my belief is that we
have at this time, and had when I was elected Senator,
a quorum of leguilyeleeted senators in our senate, and
at no time since the secession of those six members
from the Kellogg Legislature have they hadaquorum
of the legally-elected senators.
"Question. Was that secession before the senatorial
election ?
"Answer. Yes,sir; forreasons stated in an address
to their constituents.
"Question. Have yon a copy of that address ?
| Answer. Ithinklcanfinditand furnish it to you.
" Question. Then you give it as your opinion that
neither house ot that Legislature has ever had a
quorum of legally elected members ?
"Answer. That is my opinion.
"Question. I will ask whether there was a quorum
of members actually present of those received as
members in the McBnery Legislature?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. How many was the house short of hav-
ing a quorum of legally elected members ?
