910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
is reached they can pass it under the previous
question without debate, or they can pass it
upon debate without any reference at all. The
Senator from Ohio has the advantage of me
in having had a long experience in that body,
and therefore I appeal to him to tell us whether
I am not right in the statement that I make;
But that is entirely foreign to this subject.
Here we find ourselves really with the single
question before us as to whether we shall
undertake in appropriating money for the
public service to change the regulations of
law as to the sums to be appropriated that
exist in other bills, and then if we pass this
bill with this clause we shall find ourselves
the next year—and I give the Senator from
Ohio warning of that—with this precedent
before us, called upon to regulate and read-
just upon other appropriation bills next year
all the other salaries in these Departments,
because this is not the end of it. It will be
stated to us next year that this very increase
that we have now made in respect to these
officers necessarily calls upon us to equalize
up others, and others, and others, through all
the Departments who say, and with a certain
show of justice, and I do not know but a real-
ity of justice, " We are now put out of the
harmony that before existed and we must be
leveled up to those others." It maybe right;
1 am not saying anything about that; I only
say that this is no way to regulate the compen-
sation that should be paid to the officers of
the Government, those officers in particular
whose salaries are regulated by law, and
whose compensation is not fixed as the com-
pensation ol some officials is in the appropria-
tion bills themselves.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that I
ever saw any other salary bill except an appro-
priation bill. I have been here not as long as
many Senators, but a salary bill apart from
an appropriation bill would be a novelty to
me. I certainly do not recollect ever having
seen one. Salaries have been changed from
time to time. Perhaps it would be better, and
I think it would, if some committee would
revise the whole subject of salaries, and ex
amine the entire question, and report a proper
bill. But that is not likely to be done. This
thing, if done at all, is likely to be done in the
usual way, in the way it has been done; and
as this to my mind is a measure of common
justice, I shall vote against the reconsidera-
tion.
Take, for instance, the Commissionerof the
General Land Office. In the first place, he
has a very responsible position and a very
laborious position. It requires a good deal of
legal knowledge and a vast amount of labor to
perform the duties of that position. It has
gone on for a great many years without any
ehange, and the salary is below the point of
compensation for the services required. I am
more familiar with that office, perhaps, than
with any of the others, because I have had
more business connection with it; and I am
aware of the fact that in subordina'e capaci-
ties in that bureau some of the best officers
have left, and are constantly leaving, on
account of the inadequacy of the compensation.
For the heads of the different divisions of that
bureau you require good lawyers. The chief
clerk of the mining division left this year, with
great detriment to the public seivice. It was
plain that he could not stay thereat the salaiy
he received. One or two others of the chief
clerks of that Department could not stay at the
salaries paid. It becomes a training school
for your.g men to go out into some other busi-
ness; t ley cannot stay. This is a great detri
rnent to the public service. That bureau
ought to be reorganized entirely. It ought, to
be so arranged that we could have a good
strong lawyer to discharge the duties, to'keep
it from confusion. There is great necessity
for that in that bureau. One trained lawyer,
familiar with the business, would do more than
twenty clerks who are unfamiliar with it, as
everybody knows who understands the busi-
ness of the office. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office should have at least
$4,000 ; and that is not an adequate compen-
sation. It seems to me he should have $.r>.0()0
at least ;• but $4,000 is certainly a very small
compensation.
If I believed these evils could be rectified
within a reasonable time by a general bill, I
would not vote for this proposition; but I
believe it is a measure of justice, and this is
the usual way of doing it. This being the
usual way of doing it, no other method has
been adopted. When the matter is in charge
of any committee, and they are at work making
the necessary gradations, and preparing a bill
with a prospect of passing it, then I will vote
against legislation of this kind ; but until some
other mode is proposed, when a just amend-
ment of this kind comes up in the usual way
on the appropriation bills, I shall vote for it.
Mr. THURMAN. If this amendment in-
volved only the inconsiderable sum of five or
ten thousand dollars I should not say one word
about it. I quite concur that the salary of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office is
not what it ought to be ; but whatever be the
merits of these particular officers and their
claim to an increase of salary, I cannot con-
ceal the fact from myself that this is the enter-
ing wedge to a general increase of salaries,
both of the executive officers and of mem-
bers of Congress. And that is a very large
subject; a subject that I do not feel disposed
to enter upon now, although I wish to sub-
mit some remarks upon it when it will suit
the convenience of the Senate. It is a sub-
ject that I do not feel disposed to enter upon
at this hour of the day. If the bill goes
over until to-morrow I may trouble the Sen-
ate with some observations upon it, but I do
not wish to do so now. I move, therefore,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive busin-ess.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senator
from Ohio to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment. A resolution is now pending in the
House of Representatives relative to the death
of my late colleague in the House, Mr.
Strong.
Mr. THURMAN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this is an
arrangement to adjourn, I am here to object.
I suspect that is the proposition of my honor-
able friend from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I have withdrawn my
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I hope
we shall go on with the regular order. I am
extremely anxious to finish this bill. It is very
important that we should.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
death of hon. julius l. strong.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, byMr. McPherson, itsClerk, communi-
cated to the Senate intelligence of the death
of Hon. Julius L. Strong, late a member
of the House from the State of Connecticut,
and transmitted the resolutions of the House
thereon.
The resolutions of the House of Repre-
sentatives were read.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, under
an irreversible decree, issued by Him who holds
the destiny of man in His own keeping, 'Jur.ius
L. Strong, a member of the present Congress,
has fallen. He was in usual health until the
afternoon of the 5th of September last, when,
on his way to his office, he was taken ill with
what proved to be cerebro-spinal meningitis,
and died on the morning of the 7th of that
month.
Mr. Strong was born in Bolton, Connecticut,
in 1828. Under the conviction that his success
in life would depend mainly upon his own
efforts, he surmounted obstacles that would
have checked the progress and quelled the
purpose of a less determined spirit, and pre-
pared himself for influence and usefulness by
pursuing his studies in- the common schools,
in the VVesleyan University, and in Union
College. For a while he was engaged in
teaching, but chose the law as his profession,
and was admitted to practice in 1853.
In his profession he sought a knowledge of
facts connected with the cause of his clients,
and advocated or defended it with energy and
ability. He was honorable with an opponent,
and labored for success without sacrificing
honor or truth or justice.
That he had the confidence of his fellow-
citizens is evident from the fact that he was
called to fill many official positions. He rep-
resented his native town in the General As
sembly of Connecticut, in 1852, before he had
completed his professional studies, and again,
in 1855. He was clerk of the State senate in
1853, was attorney of the city of Hartford in
1801, president of the city council in 1865,
and was elected to represent the first congres-
sional district of Connecticut in the Forty-
First and Forty-Second Congresses. He per-
formed the duties which pertained to the sev-
eral positions that he occupied with singular
fidelity, and gave reasonable satisfaction to
those who honored him by their suffrages.
In politics he was a Democrat, and labored
to consolidate and strengthen the Democratic
party ; but when that party advocated the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, and urged gov-
ernmental protection to slavery in the Terri-
tories, he denounced its principles and repudi-
ated its acts.
When the rebellion was inaugurated he
knew no party except that which sustained the
Government. To that he gave no half-hearted
support, but threw himself into the cause of
his country, and labored most earnestly with
the Republican party. The suppression of
the rebellion was an object which influenced
his life. For the integrity of the Union he
was an earnest and eloquent advocate. His
whole soul was for liberty. The Executive of
Connecticut felt his power, and was sustained
by his influence. In private life, as well as in
public, he was frank, positive, and sometimes
blunt. He could say no; and when he said
no, he would say yes no more. He was true,
genial, and honest. He secured many friends,
who sympathize with his wife and family in
their affliction, and with them mourn his
death.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, Mr. Strong possessed the best charac-
teristics of a Representative. He was a man
of pure character and great earnestness of
conviction. He was constantly industrious in
the duties of his position. He endeavored
honestly to ascertain the wants of his con-
stituents and to procure the legislation needed
to supply them. He was faithful in his seat,
in the House, and clear and convincing in his
speech, when he had occasion to speak. His
public career, though shor.t, has been useful
and honorable. In private life, his genial
temperament and buoyant humor, his sterling
integrity and kindliness of heart, made him
hosts of friends. His death is a loss to his
State and is lamented by its people.
I move, Mr. President, the adoption of the
following resolutions:
Jiesohed, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of the
lion. Jui.ius L. Strong, late a member of the
House of Representatives from the State of Con-
necticut.
tieiolvcd. That the members of the Senate, as a
mark of respect for the memory of the deceased
will go into mourning by wearing crape on the
lelt arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now
adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed
to, and the Senate (at four o'clock and
twenty-seven minutes p. m.) adjourned.
