1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
911
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 28, 1873.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. George Whitaker, of Lynn, Massa-
chusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
During the reading of the Journal
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved that its further
reading be dispensed with.
Mr. RANDALL objected.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
call up the report of the Committee on Appro-
priations on the amendments of the Senate to
a bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes, in order that it may be now acted
upon.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted a report of the proceedings
before the Committee on Appropriations in
reference to the postal telegraph ; which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted, no
action to be based thereon, and the report not
to be brought back on a motion to reconsider.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, ST. LOUIS.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That it shall be in order for the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report a provision in
the bill making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government, removing the present
limitation on the cost of the public building now
being erected at St. Louis, Missouri.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDGE LOCKE.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas it is alleged that J. W. Locke, judge of
the district court of the United States for the
southern district of Florida,, is now holding the
office of State senator in the senate of the State of
Florida, and is now actually engaged in the dis-
charge of the duties thereof, and is neglecting his
judicial duties and disqualifying: himself foi the
faithful and proper performance of the same: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Judicinry Committee be, and
is hereby, directed to inquire into the truth of the
matters aforesaid, and ascertain whether by reason
thereof the said judge has in legal effect vacated
his said office of district judge, and whether he
should not be removed therefrom by impeachment.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAFETY OP UNITED STATES BONDS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3712) to provide for the safety of the bonds of
the United States ; which was i*ead a first and
second time, ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted, not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
UNAUTHORIZED CIRCULATION.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, also, by
unanimous consent, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3713) to prohibit
the issue of unauthorized circulation ; which
■was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed and recommitted, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
UEDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. FAHNSWORTH. I ask, by unanimous
consent, that the several reports made by the
Postmaster General in reference to the reduc-
tion of postage be ordered to be printed and
recommitted to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
GENERAL JOSEPH R. ANDERSON AND OTIIBRS.
Mr. PORTER. I ask, by unanimous con-
sent, to present a memorial of Joseph R.
Anderson, Hon. William T. Sutherlin ; Hon.
James C. Taylor, attorney general of Vir-
ginia ; Rev. "William H. Ruffner, superintend-
ent of public instruction of Virginia; and
Robert Beverly, committee on behalf of the
Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College,
requesting.Congress to donate a portion of the
public lands to said college and to the Hamp-
ton Normal and Agricultural Institute of Vir-
ginia; and ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, and printed
in the Globe.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The memorial is as follows :
To the honorable the Congress
of the United States of America:
Your memorialists would respectfully represent,
that at a meeting of the board of visitors of the Vir-
ginia Agricultural and Mechanical College, held at
the Yellow Sulphur Springs on the 14th day of Au-
gust, 1872, the following resolution was unanimously
adopted, to wit:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed
by the rector, on behalf of the Virginia Agricultural
and Mechanical College, whose duty it shall be, in
conjunction with any similar committee which may
be appointed by the authorities of the Hampton
Normal and Agricultural Institute, to memorialize
the Congress of the United States, at its next session,
and to urge upon that body the importance of do-
nating to these institutions such a quantity of the
public lands as may be necessary to put them upon
a permanent and prosperous basis.
The rector appointed as said committee, for the
Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College,
Messrs. Joseph R. Auderson, William T. Sutherlin,
James C. Taylor, William H. Ruffner, and Robert
Beverley, they being members of the board of visitors
for said college.
Your memorialists would further represent that
the State board of education, consisting of the Gov-
ernor, superintendent of public instruction, and
the attorney general, acting under the laws of Vir-
ginia, in conjunction with the president of the
Hampton Normal Institute and the rector of the
Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College, sold
the land scrip donated by Congress to certain parties
at ninety-five cents per acre; and, as first as the
purchase money has been paid, they have, as author-
ized by law, invested the proceeds in Virginia State
bonds. It is confidently hoped that the proceeds of
sale, when invested in tall, will give to these schools
an interest-bearing capital of $500,000. The State
of Virginia having never failed to pay an annual
interest of six per cent, per annum upon her bonds
held by her colleges, the investment was thought to
be the best that could be made for these schools.
Should the State of Virginia pay full interest
on the investment the sum paid annually will
amount, say, to 830,000; one third of which, under
the laws ot said State, is to be applied to the educa-
tion of State colored st'udents at the Hampton and
Normal Institute, and the other two thirds to the
education of white State students at the Virginia
Agricultural and Mechanical College, which is
located at Blacksburg, in Montgomery county.
This division of the fund is made by law, and has
been considered by our people fair, equal, and just
to both races in our State. The Virginia Agricul-
tural and Mechanical College was organized and
started the 1st of October last, and now has at it
about one hundred and six students. To this college
is annexed a very fine farm, containing, say, two hun-
dred and forty acres. The building is of brick, is a
large one, and. situated on about eight acres of land.
The ground and building were gh en by the Meth-
odist denomination to the State for the purpose
of aiding in founding a school, and for the same
purpose the people of the county of Montgomery
subscribed in their corporate capacity the sum
of $20,000. The Hampton Normal School is, and
has been for some time, in a flourishing condition.
Under the act passed by the Virginia Legislature,
19th March, 1872, a number of students equal to the
number of the house of delegates are to be taught,
without charge for tuition, use of laboratories, or
public buildings, at the Virginia Agricultural and
Mechanical College; and not less than one hun*
dred colored students may annually be selected
and taught on the same terms at Hampton Normal
Institute. The popularity of these schools in our
State makes it necessary that we should ask a
further donation of land, in order to enable the
board to supply them with suitable houses, laboia-
tories, libraries, apparatus, &q. We believe that
had we the means of fully carrying out the designs
of Congress, such is the desire ot our people for
practical education in the industries ot the day, that
very large and flourishing schools would soon be
established at these places.
If it were not for the present embarrassed condition
oi^ the State of Virginia financially, this request
might not be necessary; but the most we can ask her
to dp is to pay the interest on her bonds, held for
the benefit of the schools.
Your memorialists would urge most respectfully
upon your honorable body the importance of donat-
ing at least five hundred thousand acres of land to
the State of Virginia for the use of these schools •
and, as in duty bound, they will ever pray, &c.
JOSEPH R. ANDERSON,
W.T. SUTHERLIN,
JAMES C. TAYLOR,
W. H. RUFFNER.
ROBERT BEVERLEY,
Committee.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL
The SPEAKER. The House will now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2989) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipluations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes. There is a printed report
from the Committee on Appropriations, recom-
mending concurrence in certain amendments,
non concurrence in others, aud concurrence
in others with amendments.
The Clerk proceeded to read the recom-
mendations of the committee.
The first amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
In page 1, line four, after the word " appropri-
ated," insert the words^ " for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1874so that it will read, "that the follow-
ing sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1874," &c.
Mr. SARGENT, The committee recommend
non-concurrence. I ask that a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior in regard to that
amendment be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
The letter is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C,, January 22,1873.
Sir: Referring to Senate amendment (No. 1) to
House bill No. 2989, making appropriations for the
Indian service for the next fiscal year, ending June
30,1874, which was the subject of an interview had
with you on yesterday, I have the honor to trans-
mit herewith a copy of a communication, dated the
21st instant, from the acting Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, inviting the attention of this Department to
said amendment, which, if retained in the bill, will
prove detrimental to the Indian service.
The statement contained in said communication,
showing why the disbursement of the funds appro-
priated by said act should not bo restricted within
the limits of the fiscal year, are commended to the
favorable consideration of your committee and of
Congress, and I can add nothing to render it more
conclusive of the necessity and importance of retain-
ing the enacting clause in said bill as it passed the
Hous-e of Representatives.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. R. COWEN, Acting Secretary.
Hon. A. A. Sargent, Committee on Appropriations
Home of Representatives.
Department op the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, i). C,, January 21, 1873.
Sir: I have the honor to invite your attention to
Senate amendment No. 1 (lines four and five) to
House bill No. 2989, making appropriations lor the
Indian service for the next fiscal year, and to state
that the same, if retained in said bill, will prove
very detrimental to the Indian service for the fol-
lowing reasons, namely:
The annuity goods, agricultural implements, &c.f
furnished to Indians on the Upper Missouri river,
and atother remote points, have to be purchased and
shipped in the month of May in each year, in order
that they may reach their destination in time to be
of benefit or use in the year the Indians are entitled
to receive them. Should the amendment referred
to remain, the money appropriated by the bill can-
not be used before the 1st of July next, and con-
sequently the goods, &c., that will actually be re-
quired during the coming summer, fall, and winter
cannot be advertised tor, purchased, and delivered
at those remote points in time to be of service dur-
ing the present year. In fact, if the purchases were
made after the 1st of July for the Indians at the
most distant agencies in Montana, the goods would
not roach those points until the following year.
Again, the items appropriated for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes are in
most cases specifically provided in the treaties, and
the moneys thus appropriated actually belong to the
Indians, and not to the Government. As a general
rule, it is impossible to expend in any one year the
exact amount appropriated for fulfilling treaty stip-
