1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOB1.
1871
t%Anewer. That I cannot answer; I have not gone
into a computation.
*" Question. How was that quorum made up in the
houae so as to give a quorum m numbers though not
legally?
"Answer. It is made up from official returns giving
to members seated prima facie right to their seats."
Now, I submit to the Senate, what has become
of the claim of the McEnery Legislature?
Here is the testimony of the Senator-elect
himself, before this committee, in which he
solemnly swears that in his opinion the so-called
house of representatives of that Legislature
has never had a quorum. My friend, the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] insisted this
afternoon that we should seat Mr. McMillen,
I want to call his attention to this testimony
that the house of representatives by which he
was elected never had a quorum.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I said not one word about Mr. McMillen. I
said we should recognize McEnery as Gover-
nor.
Mr. MORTON. I thought you said the
McEnery government.
Mr. THIJRMAN. I said McEnery as Gov-
ernor. When McMillen'squestion comes here
I will decide it according to my best light. I
have not read all the evidence on that matter
yet.
Mr. SCHUiiZ. With the kind permission
of fhp Senator from Indiana 1 will ask him
•whether he is not aware that Mr. McMillen cor-
rected his statement? He will find his letter
on the nine hundred and sixty-ninth page of
this volume. Shall 1 read it to him ?
Washington, D. 0., February 11,1873.
To the Senate Committee on
Election? mid Qualifications ;
In-my testimony before your committee, page 263,
I was asked to give my "opinion a-to toe number
winch the McEnery house of representatives was
phi rt of a legal nuorum." In reply, I stated that!
had not examined the matter carefully, and that an
aiicwur to the inquiry would he the " barest opinion
iu the world.'" Pressed for my opinion, I
Ftaifd that " ten would cover the number ot mem-
bers in that house whose right to a seat is even
questionable," and that it contained " more than a
quorum of members having prima facie richt to
their seats." I also stated that, in opir-ion.it
war1 " six or seven short of a legally elected quo-
rum/* but " tnat the sitting members had a pruaa
f'U in right to their seat*, and could only be ousted
by contests according to law."
Upon reflecun, I find these two statements in-
consistent with the fact previously elicited in my
testimony that there were seventy-one members
bt'loi!gin<r to the McEnery house of representatives.
Assuming that my first guess w.is correct, there
would still remain sixty-une members, five more
than a quorum.
The second guess was probably ba^ed upon my
recollection of the average daily attendance, and
not upon the entire membership of the house, and
is therefore incorrect. Foi this reason I desire to
correct or withdraw it.
Upon investigation, I find my estimate of the
number whose ' rischt to seats was even question-
able" too high. There arc but two or three par-
i-hc* from which the returns, in my opinion, are
questionable. To tins extent 1 desire to modity my
iiist op nil on.
By reference to the published journal of the house
of representatives on the day ol the senatorial elec-
tion, 1 find sixty members reported as being present.
W. L. McMLLLEN.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, Mr. President, with-
out intending to reflect upon Mr. McMillen at
oil. 1 will sty that Mr. McMillen undoubtedly
became alive to the fact that he had sworn
away bis right to a seat in this body, and Gov-
ernor Warmoth discovered it before he did,
beer.use Governor Warmoth, in the cro^s-
exumination on the day that he gave that tes-
timony, endeavored "to get Mr. McMillen to
take it back.
Mr. SUHURZ. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, I
must be allowed to go on. It is getting iate,
and the Senator must make his speech after
me. it' he pleases. Now, here is Governor
Warmolh'a cross-examination ; and to under-
s'-uid it, you ought to have seen the manner
of the. Governor when he addressed these
qui .vli'-iis to General McMillen ; he discovered
the consequences of General McMillen's tes-
timony:
•'Question. You state that you think tliero wore
ten men returned by our board who were not elected.
I think you ought to'give the evidence of that.
"Answer. I only give my opinion.
" Quentioii. Are they in the returns ?
"Answer. I did not state that there were ten men
specially. I said that ten would cover the number.
"Question. You say that you think there were six
or seven less than a quorum in the McEnery house
of representatives, and that ten persons would reach
the limit in both houses of tho number not really
elected; and you think that would make six or seven
less than a quorum. That is what you purport to
have stated. I do not think you meant it"—
The Governor says—
"I do not think you meant it, for that would be
inconsistent, because if you take seven out of sev-
enty-one members it would still leave a clear
quorum.
" Antwer. X was simply stating my opinion frankly,
in answer to Governor Mouros's question as to mat-
ters of fact. Of course this is not very desirable
evidence."
No, it was not very desirable.
"Question. You say there are seventy-one mem-
bers in the McEnery house. Now, you have made
a guess, or given an opinion, that there might have
been ten of them who ought not to have been there ?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
The Governor was as plainly instructing the
witness as ever a lawyer did in examining a
witness in court, instructing the witness to
take back what he had said.
"Question. If that were so, there would still be a
quorum, for there would still be sixty-one left?
"Answer. Yes, sir; provided the seventy-one mem-
bers were present in the house of representatives
and taking part. I testified that they were entitled
to be there."
But he testified broadly and squarely that
there had never been a quorum in that house
from the time of his first election up to the
very time of his testimony. He cannot take
it back. He knew all about it; he was a mem-
ber of the senate and was the leading man of
the whole movement, one of the men who gof
up the secession, who organized the McEnery
Legislature, and if he did not know what
he was swearing to nobody did—one of the
clearest-headed men that have come here from
Louisiana. He knows all about the whole
matter, and when driven to it he swore in
unequivocal terms that there had never been
a quorum in that house and was not at the
time of his election. I think that disposes of
the claims of Mr. McMillen.
And now, Mr. President, in regard to that
Legislature let me suppose for the sake of the
argument that after Congress meets and is or-
ganized, as the Kellogg Legislature was, let me
suppose that three days afterward a secession
takes place from this Chamber and from the
other House and they go down to the City Hall
and organize a new Senate and a new' House,
would that be legal? Could it under any c"ir:
cumstanees be a legal Congress ? They might
break this one up, but they could not make a
legal Congress over at the City Hall. That
would be utterly impossible, and under no
circumstances could the McEnery Legislature
be entitled to any consideration whatever.
When the Kellogg Legislature was organized
upon the first day that organization extended
throughout the whole two years'; a Legislature
lives two years unde'r' the laws of Louisiana,
just as a Congress lives two years under our
laws. If the House of Representatives is .once
organized, that organization runs through the
entire two years. The Kellogg Legislatuie was
organized on the first day, and Although they
might break it up afterward they could not
make a new one out of it. That was utterly
impossible.
Ah. but says Mr. McMillen in his letter,
although there might be men in the MeEenery
Legislature who were not lawfully elected, yet
they were the judges of the elections and qual-
ifications of their members and had a right to
turn them out and put in the men they did.
That is true, and the Kellogg Legislature had
the same right. If there were any tnen in the
Kellogg Legislature that had no right th'efe
their seats were liable to contest: they might
be turned out and the lawfully elected men
put into their places. That is the true prin-
ciple and that is what I say here to-night, that
when the Kellogg Legislature became organ-
ized it became the 'master of its own member-
ship. If there were men there who were not
entitled to sit, their seats might be contested ;
and it is not for Congress to determine whether
they were legally elected or not. _
And that brings me to the main question ip
this case. This whole m'atter arises under the
constitution and laws of a State". It is a State
question. Whether Governor Kellogg was
elected is a question arising .entifely under the
constitution and laws of Louisiana, and as to
who compose the Legislature of Louisiana is'a
question arising entirely under the laws of that
State, to be determined by the Legislature
itself; and now the broad proposition is that
Congress shall come in and determine the
question of-an election arising exclusively
under the laws of a State. I say it is not'com-
petent for it to doit under any circumstances,
that the qu^stion.of a fraud under State laws is
to be determined by the State tribunals.' We
must recognize the authority of the State tri-
bunal in a case of that kind ; we must recog-
nize the authority of the' supreme court of
Louisiana ; v?e must recognize the authority of
the returning board; we must recognize the
authority of each house of that Legislature to
determine who were entitled to seats and who
were not. That is a right that belongs to every
legislative body in the world. They are the
judges of the elections and qualifications of
their own members. We can determine whether
a Senator was lawfully elected t6 this body;
but we cannot go into that Legislature and
inquire whether A B or C D received a ma-
jority of the votes at the polls. That is a ques-
tion first to be determined in Louisiana by the
returning board, and next by the house of
which those persons were members ; and when
they have settled that it is not for us to go
behind it.
There is not a question in this case that does
not arise uuder the constitution and laws of
Louisiana. They are all State questions, and
their State tribunals have settled them. First,
the returning board held by the supreme court
to be the lawful board determined who were
elected members of the Legislature, and we
are bound to give that credit. You may say
they decided wrongfully; yo'u may say they
acted without returns and all that; but, sir, it
is the tribunal created by the law's of the State
to settle that very question, and wefmust give
due credit to its finding. If we can" go behind
the finding of that board and say they acted
upbn false information'or had not the returns,
we can do it in every other State of the Union.
The next tihie when we sue asked to do it the
case need not be quite so glaring; a smaller
fraud will answer; and the third time a still
Weaker case will answer, until the Congres?
ofthe" United States shall have the organiza-
tion of every State Legislature iu its hand.
Sir, we dare not' adopt that doctrine. It
would result in t|ie absorption and destruction
6f the State goveriitaents. The Stiites'hpvea
right to organize their Legislatures in'theirown
way. That is a right reserved to them under
tie Constitution, 1 do not believe in" Slate
sovereignty, -but I believe 111 State rights," and
the Constitution of the United States has guar-
antied to every State the right to organizers
Legislature in its own way and to determine
by its own tribunals whether it has a lawful
quorum, or whether its members aite entitled
to seais, antl when they have madetliatdeterm-
ination we are bound by it. If we say they
acted wrongfully or decided fraudulently, that
principle gives, us the right iu every case to go
and inquire into tlie organization of the State
government; and after all the Congress of the
United Slates is thus made the returning board
for every Legislature, tho final board to inquire
whether a Legislature in West Virginia, or in
any other State, has been properly organized.
Whether thai was she legal returning board
was a question to be decided by the supreme
court of that State; not by us. They have
