1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
solemnly decided that what was known as the
Lynch board was the legal returning board,
but the Senator from Wisconsin says they had
not jurisdiction. He knows better than the
supreme court of Louisiana whether they had
jurisdiction. He gives it a cursory glance
and disposes of it in a few brilliant sentences.
I say they had jurisdiction, but whether they
had or not they were the judges of their own
jurisdiction, and we are bound by their de-
cision upon a point arising exclusively under
the laws of the State. The supreme court has
decided that the Legislature was a lawful Legis-
lature ; they were called upon to do it, and
could not avoid it. How? A law was passed
with regard to contested elections, and that
question came before the supreme court in the
case of Morgan, who claimed to have been
elected supreme judge, and the supreme
court was compelled to pass upon it, and they
said that that law was passed by the Legis-
lature of Louisiana, that it was valid and bind-
ing ; but the Senator from Wisconsin says that
we understand all that much better than they
do, that it was not a lawful Legislature, and
that the supreme court of the State had no
jurisdiction to examine and decide the ques-
tion at all.
The Senator from Wisconsin argued that
the supreme court had not the jurisdiction of
that case so far as the Lynch returning board
was concerned because the case could not
get before them. I will not take time to quote
the statute and read the decision ; but if any
lawyer in the Senate will do it I think he will
come to the conclusion that they decided cor-
rectly. But they must be admitted to under-
stand questions of practice and the construc-
tion of their statutes a little better than we do,
who have never had our attention called to
them except in this way, and can only thus
give to them a very cursory examination.
Now, how was this matter managed? Why,
on the 15th day of November a suit was
commenced by the Lynch returning board to
restrain the Wharton board. Judge Dibble
granted a restraining order. On the next day
Governor Warmoth commenced a suit to re-
strain the Lynch board, and the judge granted
a restraining order; and on the 19th of Novem-
ber, four days afterward, both cases came on
for a hearing, and he there decided that the
Lynch board was the lawful board, and he
signed the judgment. Two days after that,
or on the next day, Governor Warmoth issued
a commission to Judge Elmore as judge of
that court. Elmore had been a candidate, but
the votes had not been counted. Nobody knew
officially or legally whether he was elected or
not. Governor Warmoth commissioned him
for tht purpose of getting rid of that court, and
Judge Elmore went in there the next day with
his commission in his pocket, and leading a
mob of not less than two hundred people, we
are told, and they took Judge Dibble by the
shoulders and shoved him out, with the old
clerk and the old sheriff, and put in this new
judge and a new clerk and a new sheriff for
whom the votes had never been counted or
canvassed by anybody, and Governor War-
moth thus got control of that court, and on
the same day he commissioned four other
judges of the courts of New Orleans in the
same way, for whom the votes had never been
counted by anybody; and he commissioned an
attorney general in the same way, and that
attorney general went before the supreme
court and the supreme court refused to recog-
nize his commission.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who turned out to be
elected judge in the Elmore case, after the
votes were counted?
Mr. MORTON. Judge Elmore was un-
doubtedly elected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not know but that
his was a contested case.
Mr. MORTON. No, he was undoubtedly
elected, but the votes hud not been counted
]jy auybod^, The goaiwsswB wa§ issiwcl at
that time because Judge Dibble made an un-
fortunate decision for Governor Warmoth and
he wanted to get the control of that court and
took control of it by force in that way.
In the same way he attempted to control the
returning board. When he found the secre-
tary of State, Herron, was unfriendly, he turned
him out and put Jack Wharton in his place.
The question went up on all these facts and
the supreme court of the State decided that
the Lynch board was thelegalone, and it brings
the question down to this: there is a govern-
ment in Louisiana in full operation in every
part of the State, republican in form, admin-
istering justice and executing the laws without
resistance or hindrance.
It is proposed to overturn that government,
and either have a new election in the month
of May next, Governor Warmoth in the mean-
time being placed back, or if we cannot do
that, says the Senator from Wisconsin, we
must take the McEnery government—the
McEnery government, a mere supplement to
the government of Warmoth, and McEnery
must be put in there, installed over the colored
people of Louisiana, elected by defrauding
thousands of them out of their votes, elected
as the enemy of the colored people, as the
acknowledged foe of their race, running on
what was called the white man's ticket in the
State of Louisiana, and every white man was
urged to vote for McEnery upon the ground
that he represented the white people. I say
ho was running as the white man's candidate.
It is now proposed that he shall be inducted
into power in Louisiana when there is an
acknowledged majority of the people of that
State who are colored people. I say that to
place the McEnery government there would
be a gross usurpation, and to sanction a fraud
of the most monstrous character, as portrayed
by the Senator from Wiscousin himself.
Now, sir, what shall we do? I say, let the
whole business alone. Either recognize the
Kellogg government by admitting Mr. Ray, or
if you do not do that, just stop where you are,
and let the President deal with it. Whenever
this Congress adjourns without doing anything,
there will be no further trouble in Louisiana.
As I said before to-day, three fourths of the
people of that State desire that the Kellogg
government should not be disturbed, not that
it received three fourths of the votes by any
means, but there is a large majority of the
people of that State who sympathize with the
Kellogg government independent of any other
question, and an overwhelming majority that
want no change made at this time. Sir, when
you undertake to turn that government out
and set up a new one, you will have blood, you
will have anarchy, you will have civil war.
You cannot install the McEnery government
peaceably.
And now I should like to ask a question of
gentlemen. I should like to know how they
are going to get clear of the Kellogg govern-
ment. By what process do they propose to
do it? They are not willing that Congress
shall exercise the power of turning Kellogg
out and dispersing that Legislature by force;
and I ask them how they are going to get clear
of it. You cannot do it simply by admitting
McMillen. You may admit McMillan here,
but that does not recognize the McEnery gov-
ernment. The McEnery government can only
be recognized by the action of Congress. That
requires both branches. The Constitution says
that the United States shall guarantee a repub-
lican form of government, not the Senate of
the United States; we have no power to do it
of ourselves. We may admit McMillen here,
but that leaves Governor Kellogg in office; it
leaves the decisions of their supreme court
standing and in full force; it leaves the Legis-
lature still in session. You cannot turn those
men' out of power by simply receiving Mr.
McMillen in this Senate. You only compli-
cate matters. You may weaken the Kellogg
govcvianeiit with the people, but you caujiot
turn them out of power by the admission of
Mr. McMillen into this Senate.
Mr. President, the path of duty is the path
of safety. I recommend masterly inactivity.
I say let that government alone, and if Con-
gress adjourns and leaves it just where it is
now, all will be well. If McEnery attempts
to make any trouble Governor Kellogg is able
to take care of him without any assistance
from the Government of the United States;
bat if he requires it he will get it. The Presi-
dent has said he would give it. We know he
stands ready to give it. McEnery yesterday
issued a proclamation calling upon the mili-
tia, and his Legislature resolved yesterday that
he should put those judges in by force down
there. All that is done for the purpose of
affecting the action of Congress. It is mere
brutum fulmen, nothing else. They want to
drive us into measures. They talk about the
forms of law. Who have the forms of law
upon their side? Kellogg has the forms of
law; he has the decision of a returning board,
the lawful board. He has the decision of the
supreme court over and over again. He is
sustained by all the courts in that State, both
the subordinate courts and the supreme court.
He has the forms of law upon his side. What
has McEnery got? He has got the re-
turns, so they say. We have no satisfactory
evidence of that, but he has got returns that,
are forged and mutilated and irregular; some
of them are not signed, others signed and
sworn to long after the time, bearing evidence
that they were manufactured for the occasion.
That is all that he has got in his favor, and on
our side we have got the notorious facts,
recognized by all men, that there is a Repub-
lican majority in Lousiana that was over-
slaughed and trampled under foot by the
machinery of the election as controlled by
Governor Warmoth. If you put the McEnery
government there you put a government there
that has never received the sanction of a major-
ity of the people of Louisiana; that is not
sympathized with by a majority ; that is dis-
owned by the majority ; that was simply voted
for by a minority of the people of that State.
The proposition to put McEnery there is to
put a minority candidate in as Governor of
Louisiana. I do not believe the Congress of
the United States will do it.
Now, so far as passing the bill introduced
by the Senator from Wisconsin is concerned,
I do not believe it possible. If it could even
pass this body, I do not believe it could pass
the House of Representatives. If it could, it
could only do so after a long debate, and there
is no time for that at this session. Therefore
you can do no good by passing the bill through
this body ; you can accomplish nothing by it.
You had better leave it, and if you are not
willing to admit Mr. Ray elected by the Kel-
logg Legislature just let there be nothing done.
As I said before, let there be masterly inac-
tivity and there will be peace in the State of
Louisiana.
This McEnery government now in its at-
tempt to seize the reigns of power is sustained
only by a small faction. Not one out of ten
of the men who voted for him is backing him
this day in that attempt. To put him in would
be to put him in over the courts of the State,
over the tribunals of the State, and over a ma-
jority of that people, who do not want him,
did not vote for him, do not sympathize with
him, and to put him in over the colored people,
of whom he is an enemy, and they recognize
him as an enemy.
Mr. President, I have not gone over all the
ground I intended to, have not answered all
the points made by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin and the Senator from Ohio, but I shall say
no more to-night.
EXPULSION OF SENATOR PATTERSON.
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to sub-
mit a report at the present; titpe in order tha$
it jnay bg printed.
