1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
The special committee to whom was referred
&e message of the House of Representatives
communicating certain testimony affecting cer-
tain members of this body, have had the same
under consideration and submit the report
which I send to the Chair, and I move that it
be printed with the accompanying papers.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Is there a resolu-
tion with it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That James W. Patterson be, and he is
hereby, expelled from his seat as a member of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will lie over.
state op louisiana.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1621) to establish a government in the State
of Louisiana republican in form.
Mr. SOHURZ. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. If the Senator has risen to
speak on this question I suppose he will not
yield to me, as I was desiring to move to lay
this bill on the table for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the sundry
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would yield if that was
the desire of the Senate; but I suppose it is
not.
Mr. COLE. I hope it is. If the Senator
will give way to me to make the motion, I
will be glad to do it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Is that with a view to lay
the bill on the table entirely?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I cannot yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I speak this
evening under serious disadvantages. It is
very late; I am tired, and this report having
come before us but a very few days ago scarcely
any one of us has been able to study it in
detail as thoroughly as it ought to have been
studied. I, for my part have just had time
during the recess to-day to arranges few topics
which I desire to discuss.
I have listened to the honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] with very great
interest. There was a rumor some time ago
that he had turned over a new leaf, that he was
going to be a little more—perhaps he will not
like the term I shall employ—a little more
liberal in his treatment of questions concerning
the South ; that he would not be altogether as
severe a ruler as it was his habit. But to-
night I recognize the old war cry again, and I
salute him as an old acquaintance. Sir, there
is something amazing, if the Senator will pardon
the expression, in the audacity of the Senator's
statements. I have had occasion to interrupt
him several times when his assertions became
too astounding. With the utmost coolness the
Senator told us that the McEnery government
in Louisiana is supported only by a very small
number of people. I asked him to-day what
evidence he had, and he had absolutely none.
When we look into the testimony taken, we
find that Mr. Packard, the United States mar-
shal in Louisiana, the chairman of the Repub-
lican State central committee, and certainly
not a friend of McEnery, but Kellogg's right
band, testifies before the committee, of which
the Senator is chairman, as follows:
"Question. Do you know of any man in the State
of Louisiana who voted the fusion ticket, and who
has heretofore supported the McEnery government,
who to-day would advise and does advise the recog-
nition by the Congress of the United States of the
Kellogg government? "
Now, will the Senator from Indiana do me
the favor to listen to what Mr. Packard says?
"Answer. I do not think of an instance at this
moment."
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 118.
The Senator from Indiana pretended to
question a statement made by Mr. McMillen.
I have always heard, and I think the Senator
will not deny, that Mr. McMillen is a very
respectable gentleman. That respectable gen-
tleman makes a statement displeasing the Sen-
ator. And now the Senator goes so far as to
insinuate that because Mr. McMillen's chances
for a seat in the Senate might be affected by
it Mr. McMillen was likely to have committed
perjury before that committee, and at the same
time, while questioning Mr. McMillen's testi-
mony, the Senator from Indiana gives the full-
est credence to every rascal connected with the
Kellogg interest. The Senator from Indiana
also resorted to one of those little tricks with
which in former times he has shown himself so
familiar; and that is, when a question becomes
uncomfortable to him to shift the issue. So
he depicts to us in glowing colors what a vil-
lain Governor Warmouth is, and then he rep-
resents that the bill submitted by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin and the amendment pre-
sented by the Senator from Georgia mean
nothing but to restore Governor Warmoth to
power.
I desire to assure the Senator that I am not
here to defend Governor Warmoth or anybody
else; but I remember, and I suppose every
Senator on this floor remembers well, that not
very many years ago the Senator from Indiana
stood there upon that very spot and made
speech after speech in a debate of weeks, for
what purpose? To keep Governor Bullock of
Georgia in the possession of absolute power in
his State by extending the term of his Legisla-
ture two years beyond that fixed by the con-
stitution of Georgia. We heard him say that
if Bullock were deprived of the power he
wielded, then the State of Georgia would be
submerged in blood and all civic virtue to-
gether with the rights and happiness of its peo-
ple would at once depart Ah, the fast friend
of Bullock, the advocate of the interests of
that man who subsequently had to run away
from the State he had misgoverned to escape
impeachment for robbery and corruption, will
attempt in vain to move us by an exhibition of
his conscientious scruples concerning Gov-
ernor Warmoth and that constitutional author-
ity which this bill recognizes in him.
But, sir, I say this merely by way of digres •
aion. The debate has roamed over a great
variety of points, and I think it is time again
to reduce the questions at issue to a clear and
simple form. Let us look once more at the
facts.
To-day we listened to a speech from the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,]
which I sincerely admired not only for the
gracefulness of its delivery, not only for the
vivacity of its representations, but above all
things, for that candor, fairness, and impar-
tiality of its statement of the case, to say noth-
ing at present of its conclusions. The Senator
from Wisconsin went over the whole history
of the matter, and I will confess I feel some-
what reluctant to travel after him, for what I
may say upon these points has been said by
him so much better than I am able to do, that
I shall appear only as a poor imitation. Still
it is necessary to recapitulate the facts, and to
divest the case of ail side issues.
Certain things are established. There was
an election held in Louisiana. That election
had certain results; some persons received a
majority of the votes. The persons who re-
ceived a majority of the votes are entitled
prima facie to the offices for which they were
candidates. The people of the State also
have a clear right to have those men for whom
they cast a majority of their votes placed in
office. But difficulties- arose. The defeated
party charged fraud. To prove fraud and to
make good the claim they pretended to have
they had a right to go to the State courts.
But other means were resorted to ; and here
is another instance of the fairness of th8 Sen-
ator from Indiana in dealing with such sub-
jects : that in the long speech he has just been
delivering you did not hear him allude a single
time to the usurpation of the Federal district
court in Louisiana. Other means I say were
resorted to. A Federal judge is applied to
for interference. Overstepping his jurisdic-
tion he does interfere; he restrains all other
returning officers but those recognized and *"
designated by him from returning the vote.
By an act of usurpation still more palpable
and flagrant he orders that the State-house
be taken possession of by troops. He vir-
tualjy orders who shall be members of the
Legislature ; nay, I think it is not an inexcus-
able exaggeration when I say he virtually
makes or creates that Legislature.
In executing these gross and flagrant usur-
pations he is supported by the military force
of the Federal Government. It is consum-
mated under the protection of Federal bay-
onets. The Legislature so created by the inter-
ference of the Federal court convenes. What
was the title of the members of that Legisla-
ture to the seats which they occupied? Will
the Senator from Indiana be kind enough to
tell me? There was, I believe, not a single
one of them who was returned by a board that
had the official returns of the election in its
hands or had ever seen them. By virtue of
what, then, were those men put in the Legisla-
ture? Not by virtue of votes, not by virtueof
returns, but upon the ground of newspaper re-
ports, of wild gueBses, of forged affidavits, of
the usurpation of a Federal judge, and of Fed-
eral bayonets. That was their whole title to
the legislative capacity which they assumed.
What was their first act? They impeached
the Governor. Throwing aside all the forms
of impeachment prescribed by law, they im-
peached and suspended the Governor, if a
summary decree can be called impeachment
and suspension. They who had not a shadow
of right based upon iaw, upon votes, upon an
election, upon legal returns, proceeded to
undo one Governor and to make another. That
second Governor was Pinchback. The national
Government recognized him as the Governor
of Louisiana. Then they proceeded to what
they called the canvass of the votes in the
Legislature, not canvassing legal returns of
voters in any legal form, but a canvass on the
ground of newspaper reports, wild guesses,
and forged affidavits. What I say here is by
no means an exaggerated assertion, for it is
distinctly proven by the testimony, and I think
it is denied by no one. Then they declared
the man of their choice, Kellogg, Governor,
Antoine, Lieutenant Governor, and so on all
the State officers of Louisiana.
Thus the usurpation is consummated, a usurp-
ation without the shadow of a law as an excuse,
with nothing but fraud and force to stand
upon; a usurpation palpable, gross, shameless,
and utterly subversive of all principles of repub-
lican government; a usurpation such as this
country has never seen, and probably no citi-
zen of the United States has ever dreamed of.
The offspring of this Legislature is the Kellogg
government, and that government is called by
the Senator from Indiana the lawful govern-
ment of the State of Louisiana, which, he
insists, we are bound to recognize.
But at the same time the returns of the
State election are in existence, tliey are in the
hands of a returning board, which, according
to the majority report, had the color of law.
By that returning board they have been counted.
In accordance with those returns, another Le-
gislature assembled who based their claim to
legislative authority upon the votes so counted.
Another Governor and other State officers are
declared elected, and that constitutes the so- J
called government of the State of Louisiana-
That Legislature has also organized and has
continued its organization. The McEnery
State government and Legislature are there-
fore to-day in complete existence as far as
continued organization is concerned. Thus
stands the case to-day.
