914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ated to $75,000 more than that originally
proposed in the House bill.
Mr. SARG-ENT. Not at all. We simply
give authority to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs or the Secretary of the Treasury to
take $75,000 intended to be expended for the
Northern Cheyennes and Arapahoes on their
old reservation, and to feed them where they
have gone. You cannot prevent these Indians
from roving.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. But we have
already given $1,314,000; now it is proposed
to give these balances besides.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; that relates sim-
ply to the Sioux of different tribes ; and is in
accordance with treaty stipulations. We do
not propose to increase that amount in any
way, but simply to say that the Northern Chey-
ennes and Arapahoes may be fed wherever they
have gone. If the gentleman can contrive any
method by which roving Indians may be kept
within their reservations without surrounding
them by a cordon of soldiers, at a cost five
times this amount, I should be very happy to
adopt his suggestion.
The amendment recommended by the com-
mittee was agreed to ; and the Senate amend-
ment as amended was concurred in.
The twenty-fourth amendment of the Sen-
ate was read, as follows:
Strike out the following:
For this amount, to be expended in such poods,
provisions or other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including transporta-
tion thereof, in instructing in agricultural and me-
chanical pursuits, in providing employes, educat-
ing children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans ot said Indians,
and in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, eomtort, and improvement, g.75,000.
And insert in liou thereof the iollowing:
For this amount, being the firstof ten installments
of the sum of 8800,000 named in a certain agreement,
made by the commisioncrs appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, under the provisions of the act
ol June 7, 1872. with the Sisseton and Wahpoton
bands of Sioux Indians, for the relinquishment by
said Indians of their claim to or interest in the
lands described in the sccond article of the treaty
made with them Fobruary 11), 1867, the same to bo
expended under the direction of the President for
the benefit of said Indians, in the manner prescribed
in said treaty of 1807, as amended by the Senate,
$80,000. And the said agreement is hereby confirmed
excepting so much thereof ns is included in para-
graphs numbered, respectively, third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, eighth, aud ninth: Provided, That
no part of this amount shall be expended until after
the ratification by said Indians of said agreemout
as hereby amended.
The SPKAKI3R pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend concur-
rence in thus amendment, with an amendment
adding what will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the land relinquished to tho United States
by said agreement shall bo disposed of only in
accordance with the provisions of the homestead
and preemption laws of tho United States.
Mr. SARGENT. The Committee on Appro-
Enations, who have reconsidered this matter,
ave directed me to withdraw their proposed
amendment, and ask concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
The thirty-second amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows :
Insert the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary to defray the expenses of a general coun-
cil of certain Indians in the Indian territory, ns
provided by the twelfth article of the treaty with
Chcrokoes of July 19,18(56, the tenth article of the
treaty with Creeks of June 11, I860, tho seventh
article of the treaty with Seminoles of March 21,
186(5, and the eighth article of the treaty with Choc-
taws and Chickasaw^ of April 28, 18GG, $14,000.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend that the
House concur in this amendment, with ari
amendment adding what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
And the amount of $25,0')0 is hereby appropriated
to enable the Secretary of the Interior to remove
the Winnebago Indians of Wisconsin from their
present location in that State to some suitable place,
to be by him selected, within the Indian territory,
west of the ninety-sixth degree of west longitude;
and to provide for their subsistence until they are
sufficiently established therein, and are able to pro-
vide for themselves.
Mr. SARGENT. By direction of the com-
mittee I offer the following, to be added to
the amendment just reported :
And to provide for the removal and most urgent
necessities of the Kansas Indians, $25,000, said
amount to be reimbursed from the proceeds of the
sale of their lands in the State of Kansas.
The amendment of the committee as modi-
fied was agreed to ; and the Senate amend-
ment as amended was concurred in.
The thirty fifth amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows :
Strike out the following:
Provided further, That tho several appropriations
herein made for teachers, millers, blacksmiths, en-
gineers, carpenters, physicians, and other persons,
and for various articles provided for by treaty stip-
ulation, may be diverted to other uses for the benefit
of the various Indian tribes, within the discretion of
the President, and with the consent of said tribes
expressed in the usual manner.
And insert the following:
It shall be the duty of the Secretaryofthe Interior
to report to each session of Congress anyof theapnro-
priations provided for by treaty stipulations that
may be dispensed with, and recommend to what other
object or purposes, if any, such appropriation or
appropriations should be applied.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In this
amendment the Committee on Appropriations
recommend concurrence.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I wish to ask one
question in reference to this amendment. After
a good deal of talk in the House about the num-
ber of teachers, millers, farmers, &e., whom we
pay under these treaties, although the teacher
have no scholars and the farmers no farms,
the amendment which the Senate propose to
strike out was inserted, providing that the
appropriations for teachers, millers, black-
smiths, engineers, &c., "may be diverted
to other uses for the benefit of the various
Indian tribes, within the discretion of the
President, and with the consent of said tribes
expressed in the usual manner."
I thought this proposition when adopted a
very good one; but I see it is now proposed
we shall strike it all out, the meaning of which
is, that, so far as the appropriations in this bill
are concerned, the teachers, the millers, the
farmers, &c., whom it has been admitted in
this House there is no necessity for, especially
where there are neither scholars nor farms,
shall all be continued for the current year,
shall all be paid for, but that at the end of the
year, after the money is all gone, or at the end
ot the next session of Congress, the Secretary
of the Interior shall report to us what portion
of these employes may be dispensed with.
When the bill was passed in this House it
was admitted—indeed it was shown by the
report of the Secretary of the Interior—that
we were paying teachers, farmers, and millers
in many cases where there were no schools,
no scholars, no farms; that these employes
of the Government were useless; and we
thought we had done a good thing in provid-
ing by the amendment that they should be
dispensed with.
Now I desire to know why it is agreed to
concur in striking out the provision which
dispenses with them and allows whatever
money may be appropriated in this bill for the
next current year to be used properly for use-
ful purposes, instead of being squandered away
on a gang of useless men. That is what I
want to know.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Kentucky states the matter as he
does sometimes when he gets warmed up very
strongly. Notwithstanding, he was not able
to point out many eases like those to which
he has referred. By diligent search through
the reports of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs he did manage to point out one which,
at the moment, seemed difficult to explain.
In the course of the debate it was sufficiently
explained as to the number of the Indians and
the assistants in the schools at the place he
referred to. Now, if he has pointed out any
of these cases at all successfully, he did not
point out but one single case which, as I have
stated, has been explained.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe in the policy
of diverting any appropriation from the uses
stipulated in the treaty with the Indians, if it
be done with the consent of the Indians them-
selves ; provided, at the same time, the use to
which the money is to be diverted shall be
more for the benefit of the Indians themselves.
I thought the amendment of the Senate would
work better to that end than the amendment
put on in the House, which was not reported
here from any committee, but proposed by
some gentleman who rose at his desk and
offered it without much thought beyond that of
accomplishing the object he had in view in
offering it. We provided that in the discretion
of the President of the United States, and
with the consent of the Indians, this mouey
might be diverted. Of course the consent of
the Indians would have to be obtained before
money could be successfully diverted, which
consent could not be obtained in time, because
these expenditures were made early in the
year. The Senate said, instead, of putting in
a provision of that kind so difficult to execute,
it had better be provided that hereafter at the
commencement of each session of Congress it
shall be made the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to report the result of his negotiations
with the Indians, and if their consent is re-
quired during the preceding year we may
know for what pumose they are willing the
amount we appropriate to them, and which is
secured to them by treaty stipulation, shall be
diverted. Then you can divert that amount
in the current legislation with that authority
and that consent of the Indians. It is there-
fore much better, when we come here to make
the next appropriation bill, we should have
the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Interior, saying, for instance, that at the Sioux
agency, or the Winnebago agency, or some
other agency, the Indians are willing the
amount stipulated to be paid them by their
treaty, to be applied to a certain object, shall
be applied to some other object. Then we
can give the sanction of Congress to that
which is asked to be done, and to which the
Indians have consented, and we can require it
to be done. We can enact it as a part of our
legislation here in Congress, and we can see
that it is enforced.
In the other case we give a discretionary
power. Of course you put it in the form of a
discretion to the President of the United States.
But has the gentleman from Kentucky any idea
that the President of the United States has
time to attend to all these details of the Depart-
ment? After all it must fall back into the
Indian Office, and the whole matter will be
left to the discretion of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. If we really wish to raise it
to a higher level, then, I say, let this report be
made at the commencement of every session
of Congress by the Secretary of the Interior,
so we may be able to know accurately what
can be dispensed with and what we shall be
required to put in the Indian appropriation
bill, under the recommendations of the Secre-
tary, tocomply with treaty stipulations with the
Indians, and to what objects the Indians them-
selves consent the amounts due them shall be
diverted, having regard to their greater benefit.
It was for that reason, with many others, that
the Committee on Appropriations thought the
amendment of the Senate better than the one
put on in the House, and therefore recom-
mended that it should be concurred in, and I
hope it will be concurred in.
Vr.' BECK, of Kentucky. I shall demand
a division of the House on concurrence in that
Senate amendment.
Mr. CLAGErr. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
ask a parliamentary question, whether it is in
order at this stage to move to strike out the
