1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
entire provision in which the Committee on
Appropriations recommend concurrence ?
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman accom-
plishes the same effect by non-concurrence.
The parliamentary question is upon concur-
rence in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CLAGE l'T. Mr. Speaker, what I wish
to know is this: will a vote to non-concur
strike out this amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. CLAGETT. In order to bring what I
desire before the House, I wish to move to
strike out the last word of the amendment as
agreed to by the Senate. Now, the reason
why I think this special provision of law for
the employment of teachers, blacksmiths, mill-
ers, and others should be retained as provided
for by treaty, is this: so far as I know, in
every instance where appropriations of this
character are made, tkey are made in pursu-
ance of a specific provision of treaty made with
the different Indian tribes, and wherever those
stipulations are contained in the treaties they
were put in upon a deliberately expressed opin-
ion of the tribes themselves that they consti-
tuted the very basis upon which they made the
arrangement. In other words, sir, if we are
going on the theory that these Indians are to
be civilized, it is absolutely essential that there
should be somebody connected with the agen-
cies capable of teaching them the different
branches of knowledge. Now, I understand,
and I know it to be a fact in many instances,
that these different employes do not exist; and
the reason why they do not exist in fact is
because the agents, in violation of the acts
of Congress, steal the amount of money which
is devoted to this purpose. It seems to me—
inasmuch as the Senate has added an amend-
ment to the bill requiring the appointment of
inspectors, who shall go through the entire
Indian country and compel something for
the first time in our history in the shape of
decent administration of Indian affairs—that
these provisions should be retained, because
they constituted the very essence of the Indian
treaties at the time when they were made,
and because it is absolutely essential they
should be retained in order to carry out the
policy of the Government. Why, sir, how can
a wild Indian learn how to farm, unless there
be somebody to show him the character of
the seeds and plants, and the manner in which
the farming operations are to be conducted?
How is he to learn to do the little amount of
mechanical work necessary in the erection of
a cabin, unless there is some one to teach him?
I apprehend the reason why this was put in
was that these sums had been stolen; but the
true theory is, to continue these appropriations
and to prevent the theft of them being com-
mitted.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. In order that I
may not be misunderstood—although I am
sorry I said anything about it'—-I will add
another word. The provision which the House
inserted in the bill was not put in with any
intention to deprive those Indians of their
right to their school-masters, their millers,
their mechanics, and their farmers, wherever
a necessity exists; but it was put in because
provision was made for the payment of very
many of those people where the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs shows there
were no such individuals in existence. And
as the money had to go, as the Senate seemed
determined to give it, instead of being paid
to teachers, farmers, and others where there
were none such and could not be, the House
provided that that money might be diverted to
other purposes, with the consent of the tribes,
instead of being wasted on these men.
It is true that when the bill was being
debated I did not go over the whole report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and point
out every one of those cases. But I have the
original draft in my hand, and I find that for
the Crows we appropriated $11,600 to pay
teachers, millers, and farmers, while they had
but one school in operation, and only nine
scholars there, and there were no farming op-
erations going on. The Flatheads had one
school, and we were appropriating $12,500 for
teachers and farmers there. The Bannoclis
had no school at all, and yet we were appro-
priating for a physician, teachers, and others
employed at the expense of the Government,
as much as $6,800 a year. And there are
many other cases of appropriations of this
kind made for tribes that had no schools,
where you could not catch children enough
with a lasso to bring in more than half a
dozen.
I ask why should you have a set of men,
appointees of Senators, and generally—I am
sorry to say, their friends and kinsmen—going
there to demoralize the Indians, and draw
money which might be better expended ? And
why should the Senate strike out that pro-
vision unless they intended to send people
there who would continue to demoralize the
Indian tribes and prevent the very object the
House has in view? Or why should the money
we are now appropriating not be devoted to
other beneficial purposes and used for the
benefit of the Indians, and not for the support
of idle men, who have nobody to teach, no
lands to farm, no engineering to perform, no
work of that sort to do ? The true plan is, pay
for this purpose where it is necessary, and put
it at the discretion of the President.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. How much did the gen-
tleman say just now was appropriated to the
Flatheads for school purposes?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have here the
language of the Commissioner as to that. He
says:
" Certain employes, teachers, and others are also
maintained, in accordance with the treaties, at an
expense to the Government of $12,500."
Mr. SARGENT. All right; but the gentle-
man said there were $12,500 appropriated for
schools, for teachers.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I did not say for
them exclusively.
Mr. SARGENT. If thegentleman does not
revise his remarks I think he will find from
the report that I am correct. The Flatheads
have a school which cost between $1,000 and
$2,000.
-Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I said they had
twenty-seven in that tribe, nine among the
Crows and none among the Bannocks.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no doubt that the
Flatheads need just this instruction ; they need
farmers to teach them farming, and they need
carpenters to teach them to build houses.
They ought not to be made the object of
philippics. We have promised them these
things, and the gentleman ought not to get up
here and say that it is an outrage to supply
them with what we have promised them.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The gentleman
from California seems to be a littie excited.
This House put in the bill this provision:
" That the several appropriations herein made for
teachers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers, carpenters,
physicians, and otherpersons, andfor various articles
provided ior by treaty stipulation, may be diverted
to other uses for the benefit of the various Indian
tribes, within the discretion of the President, and
with the consent of said tribes expressed in the
usual manner/'
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from
California why he wishes to deprive the Presi-
dent of his discretion in this case, and to keep
up teachers where the report of the commis-
sioners show there are no scholars, and to
keep up farmers and millers where there are
no mills and no farms, unless it be to keep up
a lobby of thieves and speculators?
Mr. SARGENT. I do not want to do it;
but the Senate has put in an amendment that
will accomplish the object better than our
provision.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The amendment
of the Senate does not reach the appropriation
of a single dollar in this bill;  it only refers to
future action and to future appropriation. It
does not affect the present appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. That is all we can hope
to do. How long will it take to negotiate in
the usual manuer a treaty by which we can
dispense with an item of $2,000? The gentle-
man wants to send commissions all over the
country to see whether school-houses can be
continued or not.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, I want to
say that the Committee on Indian Affairs be-
lieve, in accordance with the spirit of this
amendment, that these special provisions
ought to be changed, but they believe that we
have no power to do it without the consent of
the Indians. They have presented 'to the
House a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to make treaties with the tribes,
doing away with these special provisions. That
many wrongs grow out of the present system,
I have no doubt. For instance, there were
many treaties made at a time when there
were a vast number of Indians in a tribe com-
pared to what there are now, and we prom-
ised to furnish much larger material for them
to operate on than is needed now, and in
these respects the treaties ought to be changed.
But they cannot be changed compuisorily.
I do not think, however, with the gentleman
from Kentucky, that any such provision would
operate at present, or would take effect until
some time after this bill passes. I would not
object to immediate action, but I doubt if it
could be had, considering the great distance
at which these Indians are situated, because
the Indians are not prompt in making agree-
ments, and have great hesitation in treating
with white men. I hope, therefore, that the
House will not insist that these agreements
shall be made at once.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate; and no quorum
voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Sargekt, and
Mr. Beck of Kentucky, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 59, noes 63.
So the amendment of the Senate was not
concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was to
insert, as an additional section, the following:
That the proceeds of the sales of lands belonging
to the Kickapoo Indians, in the State of Kansas, in
pursuance of the fifth article of the treaty of May
2S, A. D. 1863, now invested or in the custody of the
Secretary of the Interior or Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, shall be retained by the Secretary of the
Interior as a permanent trust-fund, on which shall
be paid to said Indians, semi-annually, interest at
the rate of six per cent, per annum: Provided,
That the consent of said Indians shall first be given
to the foregoing provision.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment, with
an amendment to strike out in lines five and
and six the words "or Commissioner of Indian
Affairs," and in line nine to strike out ''six"
and insert "five."
The amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was agreed to; and theamendmentof
the Senate as amended was then concurred in.
The fortieth amendment of the Senate was
to add to the bill the following:
Sec. 6. That there shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a sufficient number of Indian inspectors to
perform the duties herein required, not exceeding five
in number. Each, inspector shall hold his office for
four years unless sooner removed by the President,
and he shall receive an annual salary of £3,000 and
his nocessary traveling expenses while in the dis-
charge of his duty, not exceeding ten cents a mile
for actual travel, a statement of which expenses as
to each inspector shall accompany the annual report
of the Secretary of the Interior. Each Indian super-
intendoncy and agency shall be visited and exam-
ined as often as twice a year by one or more of the
inspectors. Such examination shall extend to a lull
investigation of all matters pertaining to the busi-
ness of the supeiintendency or agency, including an
examination of accounts, the manner of expending
money, the number of Indians provided for, con-
tracts of all kinds connected with the business,_ the
condition of tbelndians, their advancement in-civii-
ization, the extent of the reservations and what use
