1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
gone by; they may have sinned much ; but I
tell you, sir, they have also been punished
much and they have suffered much. Are they
not, after all, our countrymen ? Is not the
State of Louisiana, after all, one of the States
of this Union? Are not the people of Louis-
iana, after all, a part and parcel of the Amer-
ican people ? Is it not our duty, nay, is it not
our interest, to draw them toward us as closely
as possible in friendship and brotherhood?
Should we not seek to inspire them with re-
newed love and reverence for this great Re-
public of ours, and with fresh confidence in
its Government 1 Then let them feel that the
flag which waves over them as it waves over us
is the flag of a common Republic and not of
a party ; the symbol for them as for us, not of
usurpation and oppression, but of common
rights and liberties, and of equal justice and
law. Yon will endeavor in vain to hold them
to their duties if you do not fairly respect their
rights.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, it is apparent
that this debate cannot be finished to-night,
and the necessity of our proceeding with the
regular business of the session is so pressing
that i am inclined to make a motion which I
believe will meet with the approbation of the
Senate. Before making it, however, I will
remark that several of the most important
appropriation bills of the session are undis-
posed of. Two bills of the most consequence,
so far as they require care in their consider-
ation, have not been touched at all in the Sen-
ate. The sundry civil appropriation bill must
necessarily consume considerable time. It
provides for the civil service of the Govern-
ment for the next fiscal year, and contains a
great many more items. We cannot pass that
without due consideration; we cannot pass it
in great haste. We should do injustice to the
country and to the Government if we were
to treat it in the hasty manner that we shall
be obliged to do if we waste more time on
these matters.
Besides the sundry civil appropriation bill,
there is undisposed ot'and still to be considered
the deficiency bill, a bill of very great import-
ance also. Besides these two there are sev-
eral appropriation bills which have been acted
upon in part by the two Houses, but have
not been finally disposed of. The legislative,
executive, and judicial bill is still pending in
the other House, and will need a good deal of
attention when it is returned to the Senate.
Ihe Post Office bill and the naval appropria-
tion bill are also undisposed of.
I am reminded by a Senator to my right that
the river and harbor bill is also to be before
us for consideration ; it has not been reported,
and it has not been considered at all by the
Senate. Now, we are very rapidly approach-
ing the last two or three days of the session
for legislative action, and we have probably
not more than two days, certainly not more
than three; and how it is possible to get
through with the indispensable business of the
session unless we enter upon it without any
further delay it i3 impossible for me to imagi ne.
I believe that the Senate will agree now
that wc cannot dispose of this Louisiana case.
I find that several Senators have expressed a
desire to have it laid by, that there shall be
no action upon it. I know one of the Sen-
ators who made the majority report of the
committee is anxious for action on the bili
he presents; but in this desire he is not sup-
ported by many other members of the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, although I do not expect
the Senate to proceed far in the consideration
of the sundry civil appropriation bill to-night,
yet in order that we may make some progress
upon it and establish some rules by which
we shall be governed in the consideration of
the bill and have it ready for real consider-
ation to-morrow, I move that the present bill
be laid on the table and that the sundry civil
appropriation bill be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
California moves to lay the pending bill on
the table.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. _ BUCKINGHAM. On this question I
am paired with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Pratt.] If he wert" present he would vote
" yea" and I would vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hitchcock,
Howe, Morton, Osborn, Ramsey, West, and Win-
aom—-15.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds. Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland. Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Machen,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Ransom, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sohurz. Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Xhurman, Trumbull,
Vickers and Wilson—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Fenton. Ferry
of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Rice, Spencer, Sumner, Tipton, and
Wright—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an
amendment; but at this hour of midnight I
do not intend to say a word about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the question
was pending on the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to amend the
part proposed to be stricken out by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia, and I wish
the question put on that before the question is
taken on this amendment. I propose to per-
fect the matter which he moves to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio to the text of
the bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all of section one after line nine, and to
insert:
Have been recognized by the President as tho de
facto officers of said 8tate, shall bo recognized as the
officers of said State by the Government of the
United States until such officers are chosen and
qualified in accordance with the provisions of this
aot.
Mr. THURMAN. That is simply a propo-
sition that Congress shall recognize' the Kel-
logg government.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the de facto govern-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. A very nice proposi-
tion 1
Mr. CASSERLY. And it does not hap-
pen to be a de facto government in any legal
sense that I ever heard of. It is a usurping
government.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been recognized
by the President of the United States and the
supreme court of the State. I said I would
not say anything, but I certainly will not vote
for a bill to restore to power the source of
trouble in Louisiana, and which, by the con-
currence of all the members on the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections except one, is
reported to us as the source of fraud and cor-
ruption and usurpation in Louisiana. I would
recognize the present status of affairs until
the machinery furnished in this bill provides
for a new election of officers.
Mr. HILL. I make the inquiry whether it
is in order to move to amend the original bill
while another amendment is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. The
amendment Irom the Senator from Georgia
was to strike out and insert, and the Senator
has a right to perfect the text of the matter
proposed to be stricken out before the motion
to strike out and insert is put. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. MORTON. There is some degree of
consistency about the original bill, which de-
clares that there is no State government down
there at all, which is not true in point of fact,
and proposes to have an election and put back
the old government that was there before the
election ; but to recognize the Kellogg govern-
ment and leave it there and turn it out about
the first of June next, seems to me to involve
very great inconsistency.
I will simply remark further that it involves
the same principle with the original bill, the
principle in a time of peace of turning out an
existing government for the purpose of build-
ing up a new one—reconstruction when there
has been no war, when there has been no
rebellion. At the end of the war we found the
insurrectionary States without Governers, with-
out Legislatures, without courts, without any-
thing. It was the duty of Congress under the
Constitution of the United States to recon-
struct those States and see that they had gov-
ernments republican in form. But now, sir,
in a time of peace we propose to turn out a
government and reorganize the State because
we say that there was a fraud in the election
under the laws of the State; not under the
laws of the United States, but simply under
the laws of the State, for which the State
tribunals furnish remedies. Every State fur-
nishes a remedy and a tribunal for the violation
of its own laws. We are setting an example
which has never been set before in this coun-
try. While I recognized the power of the
Government to reconstruct the southern States
after the war, and however willing I was to go
to the limit of our power to protect life, lib-
erty, and property down there, I have never
yet in word anywhere recognized the principle
nvolved in this bill.
It is better to let those people worry on
though they may suffer until finally they find
relief under their own laws than it is to set a
precedent under which every State government
in this Union must exist only by sufferance.
I can never give my consent to the principle
involved in this bill or in the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have been very much
impressed with what the Senator front Indi-
ana has just said on the subject of our power.
I do not myself doubt the power of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, when the su-
preme occasion shall arise for it, of determining
for itself that there is no government in a State ;
but as the Senator from ludiana has said, and
as the Senator from New York, I believe,
stated with great force, it must be a time that
brings you to where you can say in a moral
sense, as the Senator from New York did, that
it is the last resort of kings. So that I agree
with the Senator from Indiana that we have
not here the occasion when this last power of
ours, although we possess it, should be exer-
cised. Going so far with him, I am sorry to
feel compelled, from the best consideration I
have been able to give to this case, to separate.
I think we are obliged upon the evidence
that we have to determine, as he agrees,
either that we must allow the Kellogg govern-
ment to go on and stand by it as the final and
lawful government of that State, so far as the
United States are concerned, or we must de-
termine that it has been set up by us and not
by the people of that State, and give to the
other party who on the face of the returns ap-
pears to have been elected the office until by
the proper process of law in that State, if he
is not really entitled to it, it shall be determ-
ined that some other person is. I think that
the more we look at it the better we shall be
satisfied that there are less evils and less dan-
gers in declaring one way or the other that
the people of that State having had an election
according to the forms of their law must have
prima fade elected somebody to be their chief
magistrate. If we say that as it appears to
me we must, then the question is who prima
facie has been elected ?
'1 he report of this committee, Mr. President,
seems to demonstrate, if the facts they state
are warranted by the evidence, and 1 must
suppose that they are, that according to the
forms of the law of Lonisiana—I am not now
speaking of realities—that according to the
