916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
is made of the lands set apart for that purpose, and,
generally, all matters pertaining to the Indian ser-
vice. For the purpose of making such investigations,
each inspector shall have power toexamine all books,
papers, and vouchors, to administer oaths, and to
examine on oath all officers and persons employed
in the superintendency or agency under investiga-
tion, and all such other persons as he may deem
necessary or proper. The inspectors, or any one of
them,shall have power to suspend any superintend-
ent or agent or employ^, and to appoint some per-
son in his place temporarily, subject to the approval
of the President, making immediate report of such
suspension and temporary appointment; and upon
the conclusion of each examination, a report shall
be forwarded to the President without delay. The
inspectors in the discharge of their duties, jointly
and individually, shall have power, by proper legal
proceedings, which itshall be the duty of the district
attorney of the United States for the appropriate
district duly to effectuate, to enforce the laws, and
to prevent the violation of law in the administration
of affairs in the several agencies and superintend-
encies. So far as practicable, the examinations of
the agencies and superintendencies shall be made
alternately by different inspectois, so that the same
agency or superintendency may not be examined
twice in succession by the same inspector or in-
spectors.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended the adoption of the following sub-
stitute for the amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 6. That thereshall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a sufficient number of Indian inspectors,
not exceeding Jive in number, to perform tho duties
herein required. Each inspector shall hold his
office for four years, unless sooner removed by
the President, and he shall receive an annual
salary ot $3,000 and his necessary traveling ex-
penses, not exceeding ten cents a mile lor actual
travel, while in the discharge of his duty, a state-
ment of which expenses as to each inspector shall
accompany tho annual report of the Secretary of
the Interior. Ijjach Indian agency shall be visited
and examined as often as twice a year by one or
more of the inspectors. Such examination shall
extend to a full investigation of all matters pertain-
ing to the business of the agency, including an ex-
amination of accounts, tho manner of expending
money, the number of Indians provided for, con-
tracts of all kinds connected with the business, the
condition of the Indinns, their advancement in
civilization, the extent of the reservations and what
use is made of tho lands set apart tor that pur-
pose, and, generally, all matters pertaining to the
Indian serviec. For the purpose of making such
investigations, each inspector shall have power to
examine all books, papers, and vouchers, to ad-
minister oaths, and to examine on oath all officers
and persons employed in any agency, and all such
other persons as he may deem necessary or proper.
The inspectors, or any one of them, shall have power
to suspend any agent or employ^, and to designate
some person in his place temporarily, subjcct to
tho approval of the President, making immediate
report of such suspension and designation ; and
upon the conclusion of each examination, a roport
shall be forwarded to the President without delay.
Tho inspectors, in tho discharge of their duties,
jointly and individually, shall have power, by
proper legal proceedings, which it shall be the duty
of the district attorney of the United States for
tho appropriate district duly to effectuate, to enforce
the laws, and to prevent tho violation of law in tho
administration of affairs in tho several agencies.
So far as practicable, the examinations of the agen-
cies shall be made alternately by different inspect-
ors, so that the same agency may not be examined
twice in succession by the same inspector or inspect-
ors: Provided, That after the oOth of June, 1873, tho
offices of superintendent, and clerk to superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, are hereby abolished, and the
amount hereinbefore appropriated for salaries of
said officers, or so much thereof asmay be necessary,
is hereby appropriated to pay tho salaries and
traveling expenses of said inspectors.
Mr. SHANKS. J am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer an
amendment, by way of requiring records, so
that these inspectors shall have something to
examine.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman had better
offer it at the end of this amendment.
Mr. SHANKS. Very well.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I would
inquire of the gentleman from "California [Mr.
Sargent] if he thinks the allowance of ten
cents per mile to these inspectors for traveling
expenses is enough for these western States
and Territories?
Mr. SARGENT. I think it is enough on
the average.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I notice that the
Clerk in reading the amendment recommended
by the Committee on Appropriations omitted
the superintendents and superintendencies.
As printed, the committee's amendment pro-
vides for superintendents.
Mr. SARGENT. Exactly j but the final
clause abolishes all superintendencies. The
clerk of the committee in drawing up the
amendment inadvertently included the super-
intendents. The Clerk of the House has read
the amendment as the committee agreed to
recommend it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. And there are to
be no longer superintendents and superintend-
encies ?
Mr. SARGENT. No ; we intend to abol-
ish the superintendent and superintendent's
clerk, as we believe the business can be bet-
ter done by the inspectors in the way here
recommended.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not wish
the House to act on this matter without some
reflection. I think they will see that it is a
good measure, but I want them to be advised
precisely what it is.
The Indian superintendents, as now estab-
lished by law, are located at fixed points in
the Territories, where the Superintendent has
a whole Territory under his charge. He has
an office, a clerk or clerks, and is a sort of
director or supeiintendent of the affairs of the
different agencies through his Territory. It is
fouud in practice that the superintendent can
do but very little in the way of any personal
superintendence of the agencies, which are
at remote points. He keeps his office, and
the tendency is that he becomes a sedentary
official, doing but little good anywhere, it is
now proposed to abolish that office after the
30th of June next, and to have instead a
board of inspectors, whosebusiness it shall be
to travel from agency to agency, each taking
one agency at one time and another at another
ti me, making a full and accurate report of those
agencies.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I move to
amend by striking out the last line of the amend-
ment. I am not willing that this useless char-
acter shall be attributed to the superintend-
ents of Indian affairs so far as I have known
them. It is but just to say in behalf of the
present superintendent in my own Territory
that ho has not been in the habit of remain-
ing in his office, but two or more times each
year he has visited most, if not all, of the
agencies in that extensive Territory—an un-
dertaking involving much hard and dangerous
travel and exposure, as I can attest from hav-
ing borne him company upon a recent official
tour. I believe I may say the same of the
practice of the superintendent for the State of
California, who happens to be On this floor at
this moment.
Now, it may be a good thing to abolish these
superintendencies, but in the Territories far-
thest west, where there are most Indians,
where the difficulties, dangers, and expendi-
tures of travel are greatest, and where the
advance in the civilization of the Indians is
slow, it seems to me we should have some
more direct means of communication between
the agents and their superior officers than we
shall have under this new system. It is pro-
posed to leave the agents to report to tho
inspectors or directly to Washington. Some-
times it takes three or four weeks for a letter
to reach Washington, whereas the agents can
communicate with their superintendent in a
few days at farthest, and constantly there are
questions arising which the agents wish to
refer to some one having more power than by
existing laws they enjoy. My judgment is that
if henceforth there are to be 110 superintend-
ents, the agents, even under the supervision
of the proposed inspectors, must be given
additional powers, and many of them.
And here let me say I do not mean to be
understood as opposing the appointment of
inspectors. If honest, intelligent business
men are appointed, not men simply good and
yet wholly destitute of practical ideas, not men
friendly to the Indian and utterly indifferent
to the pioneer and settler, but fair, sensible,
impartial, upright men, who can hear both
sides of a question and decide without pre-
judice, I think they may do much to see that
the agents are faithful, and that the appro-
priations of Congress are properly expended
and the Indians justly dealt by, as in all cases
they should be.
Gentlemen sitting near me suggest that there
are certain superintendencies which possibly
may safely be abolished ; but it seems to me
hazardous to adopt so radical and sweeping a
measure as that now suggested, even if it does
come from the peace commissioners. The
House ought to realize the full scope of the
proposition before approving it. If it be
adopted, then, in the matter of contracts and
in a thousand and one matters now referred to
the superintendents, the communication must
be directly from the agents to the Indian de-
partment here, or to the visiting inspectors.
These inspectors will not, I think, be able to
visit all the agencies within each year, certainly
not twice each year. I do not believe any five
men in the United States can do so, and make
the investigations such as are contemplated
by the amendment now under consideration,
and such as will be of value. In my opinion,
there should be at least seven, and perhaps ten,
of these inspectors, and their compensation
should be much more than that proposed. I
find by a statement in the bill before us that
there are now seventy-one agencies under the
Indian Office, and the number is quite as likely
to be increased as reduced. The House will
see that to visit all of these semi-annually, and
remain long enough at each to gather and re-
port upon the various points named in the
proposed law, will be a task which 110 five men,
however active and persevering, can well carry
out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. There are no superintend-
ents now in Idaho, Nevada, Utah, Colorado,
Wyoming, Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin , or
New York. In all these Territories and States
we get along admirably without superintend-
ents. There are superintendents in California,
Oregon, Washington, Montana, Arizona, and
New Mexico, besides the northern and central
superintendency. There may be something in
the suggestion of the gentleman from Arizona
[Mr. McCormick] that five men cannot effi-
ciently perform the inspection required under
this proposition; and I do not know but that
the number ought to be increased to seven.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest to
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Sar-
gent] to make that modification now.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it would be very
much better to let the question be considered
by the conferees whether five or seven of these
inspectors are necessary. 1 prefer that there
should be no more than five, if we can get
along with that number; but if, in the judg-
ment of the conferees, seven should be neces-
sary, I shall ask, when the bill comes back,
that seven be fixed as the number.
This change of system is recommended by
the board of Indian commissioners, who in
their report show that in order to secure a
thorough reform in the Indian service it is
necessary to have a board of inspectors of
good character, with the powers contemplated
in this bill; and they accompany this declara-
tion with the further remark, to be found on
page 19 of their report:
"In connection with this"—
That is, in connection with this system of
inspectors—
"In connection with this, it is recommended that
the superintendencies, most of which we deem to
be of doubtful utility in any case, be discontinued."
Now, I think it is unjust to this board, and
rather a dangerous experiment, to adopt one
part of their suggestion and reject the other.
1 believe, furthermore, that both branches of
the suggestions are equally good ; and that at
any rate it might be well for us lo try for one
year whether we cannot get along without this
