918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
fully made, is entitled to respectful consider-
ation.
The first inquiry is, do her people desire
admission? By a vote, or perhaps two votes,
taken in that Territory, this question was
somewhat in doubt. But her representative
upon this floor, presumed to represent the
wishes of the people of that Territory, and lo
represent them truly, says that she does, and
as to this point we must accept his statement.
Again, has she territory sufficient? This
inquiry admits of but one answer, and that in
the affirmative. She has one hundred and
four thousand five hundred square miles of
territory, more than double that of the State
of Pennsylvania.
But, Mr. Speaker, my objections to the ad-
mission of Colorado are three: first, that her
population is insufficient; secondly, that a
large part of it is not permanent but migra-
tory; and thirdly, that the increase of the
number of these small States gives them an
undue and unjust influence in the Senate.
Mr. MAfNARD. The gentleman might
say "empty" States.
Mr. SPEER. Yes, empty States, as the
gentleman from Tennessee suggests. Now,
Colorado in her application for admission is
met by the law of the 2d February, 1872, which
provides that 110 State shall hereafter be ad-
mitted with aless population than that required
for one member upon this floor, which by that
lawwas fixed at about one hundred and thirty-
six thousand. By the census of 1870 the pop-
ulation of Colorado is thirty-nine thousand
eight hundred and sixty four, showing an
increase within the last decade of only about
six thousand.
But it is said here by the friends of this bill
that the actual population of Colorado now is
much larger than that shown by the census of
1870. They say that it is one hundred thou-
sand, or nearly that. But, I affirm, Mr.
Speaker, that under the most favorable view
that can be taken of the population of Colo-
rado to-day, it is less than sixty thousand.
Why do I pay that ? Taking the vote of 1872,
which is the iaigest by far ever cast in the
Territory, we find it was thirteen thousand
eight h utidred aud fifty-six. And we find that
by the census every family in Colorado repre-
sents four persons and twenty six hundredths
of a person. In Pennsylvania each lamily
represents five persons and twenty-one hun-
dredths of a person, showing that there is
about one* person more in every family in
Pennsylvania, as in nearly all tho old,States,
than there is in Colorado. Taking, then, the
last vote of Colorado and multiplying it by
the number of peisons repiesentt-d by each
family, we have a population of fifty-nine
thousand aud twenty-six; aud this, in my
judgment, is above rather than below the
actual population of Colorado to-day. Now,
ill my congressional district there is a popu
lation of one hundred and twenty three thou-
sand three hundred and sevcnty-oue. And
yet who would pretend flat, t.he seventeenth |
Congressional district of Pennsylvania should
be admitted here as a State, with two Sena-
tors at the other end of the Capitol?
1 received almo3t. as many votes as the
whole number polled in Colorado, and the
vote in my district exceeded the vote of this
Territory 9,577. By the census Colorado
has only the eighty-eighth of the population
of Pennsylvania, and the nine handled and
sixty-seventh of the population of the Union.
Yet, if admitted, she will have equal power
with Pennsylvania in the Senate and the thirty-
eighth pari of the power of that body.
But the population of Colorado is actually
less than that represented by the vote which
she cast, multiplied by four and twenty-six
hundredths. And why? Let us look 1'or a
few minutes at tho facts furnished by the cen-
sus. The whole population of the United
States is 38.558,371. The male population is
19,493,565 ; the female population is 19,064,-
806 ; showing an excess of male population in
the Union of 428,759. Pennsylvania has a
population of 3,521,951, there being an excess
of females in Pennsylvania of 4,973. New
York has a population of 4,382,759, with an
excess of female population of 56,301.
And now, Mr. Speaker, how is it with Col-
orado, with a population by the census of
39,804? She has of males 24,820, and of
females 15,044; showing an excess of male
population in the Territory of Colorado of
9,776. Why, sir, according to this r&tio, if it
were carried out through all the States, there
would be over nine millions more of males
than of females ; whereas by the census there
is less than half a million.
Now, what does this show? It shows that a
vote of say ten thousand in the Territory of
Colorado represents a far less actual popula-
tion than that same vote in any one of the
old States. In Colorado 24,820 males cast
13,856 votes; being more than one vote for
every two male inhabitants. Pennsylvania has
1,758,499 males; and this ratio would give her
about 900,000 voters; while at the last elec-
tion for Governor, when there was a pretty
full poll) she cast only 662,406 votes.
Thus it will be apparent that if thirteen
thousand votes had been cast in Pennsylvania
or New York, they would have represented a
much greater actual population than that same
number of votes cast in Colorado. Why does
this state of things appear in Colorado? It is
susceptible of a plain explanation. It results
from this fact, that a large portion of the pop-
ulation of Colorado is not permanent; it is
migratory; it is composed of miners and ad-
venturers, of residents of the old States who
go there temporarily to seek fortunes, and,
failing or succeeding, many of them return to
their homes. They go there without taking
their families with them, without the intention
of making it their permanent residence. They
go for purposes of speculation, adventure, or
pleasure, and after a residence of a year or two
in the Territory they return. We all know in
our own States and in our own neighborhoods
persons who start out in the spring to Colo
rado and return in a year or two, their real
residence remaining at their old homes, their
families, their interests, and property being
loft behind. After a brief stay they can, and
many of them do, vote in the Territory. Most
of thein are twenty-one years of age. Their
vote simply represents the voter, and not a
family of five or six persons, as is the case in
the old States. This is shown also by another
fact,: the increase of the population of Colo-
rado from 1860 to 1870 was less than six
thousand.
Mr. TAFFE. I wish to challenge that
statement again. There was no Territory of
Colorado in 1860.
Mr. SPEER. I knew my s'atement would
bring the gentleman from Nebraska to his feet
to deny that the Territory was organized in
1860. But what is a Territory? Did the
actual survey of this number of acres make
Colorado a Territory ? If the census of 1860
embraced the same number of square miles
and the same square miles that now compose
the Territor,, I want to know why the census
of 1860 could not have been taken as correctly
aud as fairly as if an imaginary line had been
run and the ground embraced within it had
been named Colorado ? A simple act of Con-
gress organizing the Territory could not aid
the taking of the census. The true inquiry is,
was the census taken ? We know it was, and
although it may not have been exactly accu-
rate it was as nearly so as circumstances
would permit, and affords a satisfactory ap-
proach to the actual population. It shows
that in ten years there has been an increase of
less than six thousand. And the sta'ement
of the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe]
that but few of the persons who were in Colo-
rado in 1860 were there in 1870 confirms tho
truth of what I say as to the character of the
population, and strengthens the probability of
the correctness of the census.
Upon what principle of justice, then, can
Colorado be admitted? Of justice, I mean,
not only to her people, but to the people cf
the whole country? By what political magic
should a citizen of Pennsylvania, going to
Colorado, become equal in the Senate of the
United States to eighty-eight of his neighbors
whom he has left behind ? This is empire
taking its course westward with a vengeance.
Such inequality is possible, I admit, under our
form of government; but while Congress has
the power and the right to prevent it, it is not
a necessity.
Our large States are not free from the con-
trol of great corporations ; but these small
States are regarded by them as legitimate
prey. They literally own them, and it is
a fact, no less sad than true, that the Senate
of the United States is gradually filling up
with the representatives of giant railroad and
banking monopolies, to the great peril of
just legislation and pure government. These
pocket States, that are not equal in population
and wealth to an ordinary congressional dis-
trict, electing, through their Legislatures, each
two Senators, are easily controlled, and offer
most inviting fields for the grasping power of
corporate wealth. In this track lies the most
threatening danger of the nation.
While Colorado has an area of 104,500 square
miles, she has a population of only thirty-
eight hundredths to the square mile. Penn-
sylvania with an area of forty-six thousand
square miles, has a population of seventy-six
and fifty-six hundredths to the square mile.
Now, it is urged that the people of Colorado
are suffering for the want of self-government;
but really it seems to me, that in some of the
counties of that Territory there are scarcely
voters enough to fill the local offices. But if
their great need be self-government, let the
law be so changed that in their territorial gov-
ernment the offices shall all be made elective.
If unfit persons are sent there as their officers
the fault is not with the States, but, with the
appointing power. Let the people make their
appeal to the President, and have him so ex-
ercise the authority with which he is invested,
that men who know their wants and are identi-
fied with their interests shall be appointed to
fill their offices. They may in some cases suffer
from the abuse of the exercise of a legal
power, but this abuse affords no just ground
for the infliction of a wrong upon the people
of the States, by decreasing their influence
in directing the legislation of the country.
One wrong cannot justify the commission of
another.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth,] in advocating the passage of this
bill, stated that many citizens of "Massachu-
setts, Pennsylvania, Illinois, and other States
owned property in Colorado, and for their
sakes aa well as on account of the residents
of the Territory this bill should be passed.
But this suggestion seems to me utterly with-
out force. Population and not ptoperty is
the basis of representation in this Govern-
ment, and these non-resident property-holders
are already represented in their own States,
and to count them or to consider them m
determining the admission of Colorado would
be in eflect to give them a double representa-
tion, first as persons, and second as property-
owners.
The compromises of the Constitution are
invoked in behalf of this bill ; but there is
nothing in the debates of the Convention
which framed the Constitution and there is
nothing in its letter or spirit which commits
Congress to the admission as States of Terri-
tories with populations below what is required
for a Representative. It is surely against the
theory of our Government that the States
should have a greater number of Senators
than Representatives. The Senate was in-
tended to be a conservative body, and less
