920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,,
Mr. TAFFE. I hope the objection will be
■withdrawn, and that we shall have a straight
vote on the bill. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, how I shall
finally vote on this bill depends very much on
the action of the House with reference to some
of the amendments pending. I have risen
more especially to make a few remarks in re-
gard to the course of the discussion which has
been had upon the bill, and particularly to
notice the principal grounds of objection.
The chief and indeed the sole argument that
has been advanced here against the passage
of the bill is want of population in the Terri-
tory of Colorado. The only question appears
to be whether the Territory possesses a popula
tion of sufficient number to entitle it to admis-
sion into the Union as a State. This objection
comes from the Representatives of the old
States, and as a Representative of one of the
original States, I say with due respect that I
think the old Slates should be liberal in their
course with reference to the admission of new
States into the Union ; that we should, so far
as we feel justified under our functions, extend
to these public lands, which are filling up this
vast expanse of territory between the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans—that we should extend to
these public lands the right hand of fellowship,
and recognize them and meet them in the most
catholic and liberal spirit in their political
organizations such as they desire themselves
to adopt.
I think the elder States and the Government
of the United States receive no detriment by
enlarging the numberof States in the Union.
I assume we all admit this whole continent,
from ocean to ocean, will sooner or later be
dotted with sovereign States of the Ameiiean
Union ; that there is not a foot of territory
within the dominion of the United States of
America which will not be the territory of
some State, and the sooner wo recognize that
fact the better, iu my judgment, it will be for
the old States.
Now, Mi. Speaker, the practice of this Gov-
ernment has not been to regulate, as a rule,
the admission of States according to the ex-
tent of territory or the number of their popu-
lation. That has not been the practice of
this Government. The fourth State in the
Union to-day, the State of Illinois, was ad-
mitted with a population probably not exceed-
ing twenty-five thousand at the date of its
admission. In the census immediately pre-
ceding the admission of Illinois into the Union
it was less than thirteen thousand. 1 can
mention other States which came into the
Union with far less population.
Now, as to California. In reply to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. SrnEitJ 1 will say that when California
came into the Union she had no family resi-
dent population whatever. There was not one
family to fifty in ali the population in Califor-
nia at the date of her admission as a Stale
into the Union. They were meiely miners
and adventurers, who bad gone there from the
Atlantic States, and from all parts of the world
in fact, for merely temporary purposes. To
such an extent was this the ease, that even
the laws of California provided that residents
could convey real estate, thereby not recog-
nizing the dower of the wife, and it was done
on account of the almost entire absence of the
families of the miners.
If, however, population be a rule, let us
then see how it will stand. Why not admit,
then, as a State into this Union the Territory
of Utah? Utah, by the census of 1870, has a
population of one hundred thousand, a much
larger population than many of the - older
States possess. Why not admit New Mexico,
which has a vast- extent of territory and a
population reaching nearly ninety thousand?
If it be the rule of this Government that we
admit States according to the number of the
people, why not admit CJtah, then? Why not
admit New Mexico? No, sir; that is not the
rule. In my judgment we should look to other
considerations in determining this question.
We should look to the capacity of the people
themselves to support a State government.
We should look to their fidelity to this Gov-
ernment. We should look to their material
resources. We should look to their fitness as
a people t'o form a State government and be
admitted as such into this Union. If this
people desire to be admitted, let us extend to
them the most liberal hand of fellowship. If
they wish to come into the Union, let them
come, instead of making an arbitrary rule as
to the number of the people to determine
whether we shall come in or not. Let us go
a little further, and in a broader and more
liberal spirit let us bring them in if they can
support a State government and add to the
country the wealth and population of a State
in this Union.
Mr. TAFFB. I will yield now to the gen-
tleman from California to make a suggestion.
Mr. COGHLAN. I wish to say my objec-
tion to the withdrawal of the amendment of
the gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hooper] was
made in perfect good faith, becahse I wish to
see Utah admitted as a State into this Union.
But the friends of this proposition think if the
amendment be not withdrawn it will injure
the passage of the bill iu favor of the admission
of Colorado as a State in this Union. I there-
fore withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there further objection
to the withdrawal of the amendment of the
gentleman from Utah, [Mr. Hooper?]
Mr. NEGLEY. Yes, sir ; I object.
Mr. TAFFE. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Montana, [Mr.
Clagett.]
Mr. CLAGETT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a few words in fulfillment of what! believe
to bo a du'y I owe to this House, to show why
Utah should not be admitted as a State into
the Union. I understand the gentleman from
Utah desires to withdraw his amendment; but
there are certain facts relating to the legis-
lation of that Territory, relating to the organ-
ization of its people, and which have found ex-
pression in the statutes of the Teuitory, which
this House should know ; and thcrefoie I pro-
pose to briefly call attention to a few of them.
1 do not intend to say anything on the subject
of polygamy. I do not intend to say anything
on the subject of religion. I do not intend
to say anything about that long catalogue of
ghastly crimes which have made the brownish-
red hills and arid plains of that Territory a ver
itable Golgotha. And why? Simply because I
know that the difficulty that is pendingin'Utah
does not lie in these things, but that they con-
stitute simply a few of the expressions of a
central idea that is behind them all. And that
central idea is that there is in Utah aone-man
despotism, which strikes down freedom of
speech, strikes down freedom of worship,
strikes down freedom of business relations ; in
short, strikes down every one of the sacred
rights which we are entitled to enjoy as Ameri-
can citizens. In other words, there i3 no basis
iu Utah for a republican form of government,
a government of the people, by the people,
and for the people. There is only a theo-
cratic despotism, whose powers, after passing
through all the windings of the most complete
ecclesiastical organization known upon earth,
finally center iu one autocratic head. There
is no people there; there is simply a church,
whose membership until recently embraced
almost the entire population; and this church,
through its orders of president, apostles, bish-
ops, and teachers, brings spiritual visitation
to the door-way of every dwelling and hovel
in the jand, and exercises over its members
an espionage more complete than that of the
Spanish Inquisition. The spirit of dissent is
furnished m every conceivable way which
human ingenuity can invent, while in the im-
mediate background, ready to do its bloody
work at a nod from this head, stands the
Danite band.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
House to that which constitutes in reality the
very foundation-stone of affairs in that Terri-
tory. It is found in the charter of the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. And I
desire to read one or two sections from that
charter, for the simple reason that I do not
believe that it has ever been read in the hear-
ing of the House before. In the session laws
of Utah as codified in 1855, on page 104, I
find the powers that are conferred upon this
church, and I particularly invite the attention
of the House to them because that law is,law
to-day in Utah as well as twenty or thirty
others following in the same line of sentiment,
and which this House, which has been free to
interfere with the territorial legislation of
nearly every other Territory in the Union, has
never yet had the nerve to repeal. The only
Territory in the Union which from the time
of its organization has systematically violated
every law of Congress that interfered in any
manner with the heaven-high pretensions of
this church is the only one which has been
practically marked out for privileged consid-
eration. Section two of this charter provides
for the election of one "trustee in trust," and
not to exceed twelve assistant trustees, who
shall "receive, hold, buy, sell, manage, use,
and control the real and personal property of
said church ; which said property shall be free
rom taxation." No limit is placed upon the
amount of property which the church may
hold, nor are the purposes for which it may
hold it specified. Brigham Young is this
"trustee in trust," and has been ever since
the Mormon hegira to Utah.
Section three reads as follows:
"And be it further ordained. That as said church
holds tiio constitutional and original right, in com-
mon with all civil and religious communities, 'to
worship (jfod according to the dictates of conscience,'
to revorcnee communion agreeably to the principles
of truth, and to solemnize marriage compatibly with
the revelations of Jesus Christ, tor the security and
fall enjoyment of all blessings and privileges em-
bodied in the religion of Jesus Christ, free to all, it
is also declared that said church does and shall
possess and enjoy continually thepower and author-
ity, in and of itself, to originate, make, pa^s, and es-
tablish rules, regulations, ordinances, laws, customs,
and cnterions for the good order, safety, govern-
ment, convonionces, comfort, and control of said
church, and for the punishment or forgiveness of all
oflensesrelative to fellowship, accordmgto church
covenants; that tho pursuit of bliss and the enjoy-
ment of life, in every capacity of public association,
and domestic happiness, temporal expansion, or
spiritual increase upon theearlb, may notlegallybe
questioned -. Provided, hnotver, That each and every
act or practice so established or adopted, for law or
custom, shall relate to solemnities, sacraments, cere-
monies, consecrations, endowments, tithmgs, mar-
llages, fellowship, or tho religious duties of man
to his Maker, inasmuch as the doctrines, principles,
practices, or performances support virtue ami in-
crease morality, and are not ineunsiitonl with or
rcpusnnnt to the Constitution of the United States,
or of this btate, and are founded in the revelations
ot tho Lord."
_ Here we have a statute in an American Ter-
ritory granting to a certain ecclesiastical cor-
poration power to pass a criminal code for the
" punishment and forgiveness of offenses," to
do all things which relate to " temporal ex-
pansion or spiritual increase upon the earth,"
all things relating to "marriage, consecra-
tions, tithings, endowments, or the religions
duties of man to his Maker." And then, not
content with that, it goes on and declares that
these illimitable powers are not the creature
of statutory law, which a law may confer or
take away, but that they belong to the church
" in and of itself;" and then, in strict sym-
pathy with this jure divino claim of civil and
criminal jurisdiction, it proceeds to declare that
whatever may be done by this church, in pur-
suance of its inherent right to do any or all
of these things, "may not legally be ques-
tioned"—shall not be questioned on the high-
way nor in a court of justice, neither at the
domestic fireside, nor even iu the legislative
hall where this ghoul-like statute was enacted.
Such powers as these, repugnant to the
