1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
Mr. MORTON. Very well; I will do it.
I have been so charmed by the candid state-
ment of the Senator that I almost begin to
doubt this testimony myself, [laughter,] he
seemed to be advising us in such a parental
way. I call the Senator's attention, begin-
ning on page 355, where there is an abstract
of the evidence before the returning board,
extending into twenty-eight districts—an ab-
stract of the evidence showing fraud in twenty-
eight parishes; beginning from page805, run-
ning to page 314.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I would like to
take that up.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; you can do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These are not affidavits
that were before the committee, but they are
what Mr. Lynch calls abstracts of evidence
that was before his board. I have just been
telling you the kind of evidence that was be-
fore that board, made up a good deal of it of
forgeries, and then Lynch undertakes to give
an abstract of what was before the board. I
want to say a word about your Mr. " honest"
John Lynch.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator have the
candor to state—I have no doubt he will—that
there was no evidence of a single forged affi-
davit except from one parish, that of East
Baton Rouge. The Senator talks as if they
came from all over the State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the Senator from
Indiana forgotten the testimony of the wit-
nesses who proved that affidavits were trip-
licated ; that they were copied three times over
from another parish? Now I want to show
you who "honest John Lynch" is. Iwonder if
the Senator from Indiana is convinced him-
self that John Lynch was a fair man.
Mr. MORTON. He was so conceded by
all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see how fair he
is. Here is his testimony:
"Question. Were those affidavits all from colored
people?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Some from white men ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. In how large a proportion of them was
it stated in the affidavits that they were deniedthe
right to vote oil account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude?
"Ansicer. I could not say.
"Question. Did any of them state that?
"Answer. Yes. sir; quite a number of them."
Now we know that to be absolutely untrue.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir. If the Senator
will permit me right there, the Senator does
not know that, nor do I. On the contrary,
we know the other from the evidence, so far
as the affidavits from East Baton Rouge are
concerned, that we charged to be forgeries.
They did not state any of them that they were
made by colored men, but the affidavits from
other parishes generally stated that the parties
were colored men, and were excluded from vot-
ing for that reason. The ouly affidavits that
were silent on that subject particularlyj-eferred
to were those from East Baton Rouge, with
which Mr. Sypher was said to be connected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had the affidavits
before us and witnesses examined them. The
question was asked of Mr. Packard and of
Mr. Ray, and they examined them, and finally
admitted before the committee, so that it
would go on the record, that there was not a
single such affidavit 
Mr. MORTON. That was from East Baton
Rouge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had all the affida-
vits that the Lynch board had before them.
That is what they stated. Now I want to say
something more about this honest John Lynch,
that the Senate may see who he is.
I stated a while ago that Mr. Bovee, the
original secretary of State, who was removed
by Governor Warmoth, got his place again
about the 2d of December, and then he be-
came a member of the Lynch board ex officio
as secretary of Stale.
Lynch testified as follows:
" Question. Was Bovee a candidate at that elec-
tion?
"Answer. Not that I know of.
" Question. His name does not appear in your
returns for any office ?
"Answer. No, sir; I do not know but it may have
appeared for police jury or a parish office.
Question. Does not your report before you show?
"Answer. No, sir."
The report of the Lynch board is here show-
ing that Bovee was a candidate for an office
and returned as elected by Lynch himself to
the office of police juror, which corresponds
to the office of county judge in the northern
cities.
Mr. HOWE. An office that he expressed
himself doubtful about.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But which disqualified
him entirely from acting. I could point out
if I had time to do so a dozen cases where
this Lynch is directly contradicted by himself
and other witnesses. He created the impres-
sion when he first came before the committee
that he had the legal returns before his can-
vassing board, and we did not find out for a
long time that the returns he was talking about
were simply returns made by political partisans
throughout the State. Now, I hope the Sen-
ate will not go off upon the idea that there is
any testimony in this record showing an organ-
ized fraud to carry the election at the polls.
The four parishes from which there were no
returns, or defective returns, did not affect the
result of the election. We had the returns all
before ns.
• There are many things I would like to say,
but at this hour I dislike to detain the Senate.
I did want however to say something, lest the
Senate should be misled by the assumptions
that were made.
It is due to Governor Warmoth that I should
say a word more. It has been stated as one
of the evidences of fraud by the Senator's
colleague [Mr. Carpenter] that the Gover-
nor had authority to appoint the supervisors
throughout the State, and that the supervisors
appointed the commissioners of election, who
designated the places of registration and vot-
ing. We did have testimony before us from
this same Mr. Lynch that he had difficulty in
being registered, and that the place of regis-
tration was usually at the county seat. He,
however, and all his friends succeeded in
being registered, and I do not know but that
there was another witness who testified that
he had some trouble in being registered , but
the Senate will remember that the vote was
the largest by twenty thousand that the State
had ever given. It was a very large vote for
the State of Louisiana to give. And now as
to the traveling twenty miles to vote; why if
you will look into this record you will find that
that complaint is made in reference to the
parish of Natchitoches, and it is said that the
places of voting were diminished. It was
proven before us that there used to be six or
eight or ten places of voting in that parish,
and that at the last election there were only
half as many. Well, it turned out when we
came to investigate the matter that the boun-
daries of the parish had been changed by
attaching a part of it to another parish, and
that there were in all that part of the territory
of the old parish of Natchitoches which re-
mained the same number of voting places as
there had been at previous elections. So there
was nothing in that, and certainly the Senate
will not be so unjust or unfair as to set aside
an election because the particular political
party which is in power in a State uses in a
legitimate way the machinery of the election
for its own advantage. Parties do it every-
where.
It is said here that Governor Warmoth re-
fused tu appoint anybody except Fusionists as
commissioners of election. That is not liter-
ally true, because the proof showed that sev-
cia! Republicans were appointed. But sup-
pose they weie all t.0 appointed, what d;a the
United States marshal do? He appointed six
hundred special deputies to take care of the
election in New Orleans, no one of whom was
a fusionist; he appointed from two to four in
every parish of the State all on one side, and
he was the chairman of the Republican ex-
ecutive committee of the State. The super-
visors of election through whom the Lynch
board professed to get certain returns, were all
Republicans. The judge in appointing the
supervisors under the United States law takes
one from each party, but the United States
marshal had his entire correspondence with
the Republican supervisors, not with the Dem-
ocrats or fusionists, or whatever they may be
called in that State. The men whom he ap-
pointed deputies were all on one side, and he
appointed ten times as maby as Governor
Warmoth did.
So you will see that the men about the polls
in controlling the election were as much on
one side as the other. The two United States
supervisors, of course, were equally divided.
That anybody should think of sustaining the
Kellogg government is to me most amazing.
We are all unanimous in the opinion, the Sen-
ator from Indiana does not differ from that,
that the Kellogg government was set up by
usurpation, that the Federal judge had no
authority, no jurisdiction to issue an order to
take possession of the State-house, and direct,
who should participate in the organization of
the Legislature, as he did. He directed that
nobody should take part in that organization
unless he was returned as elected by the Lynch
board. Admitting, if you please, that it was
the legal board ; yet it never had a single offi-
cial return before it. It had no jurisdiction,
because it had no subject-matter on which to
act. Admit that it was the proper board, thp.t
does not help it. Suppose the supreme court
of the State has decided that the Lynch board
was the legal board, and that you are bound
by that decision, as the Senator from Indiana
says, it is not so, but admit it for the sake of
argument, that the Lynch board never had
the subject-matter upon which to act before it.
Mr. HOWE. Does not the Senator admit
too much?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say I deny it. I do
not admit it, but if it were admitted.
Mr. HOWE. If it were admitted that it
was the legal returning board, would not its
certificate be prima facie evidence of the
right of the person holding it to take his post?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Possibly prima facie;
but I think not. I think the rule would apply
to that board that would apply to a judicial
tribunal. We may always attack the decision
of a judicial tribunal by showing that it had no
jurisdiction of the subject-matter of the suit
or of the person. The objection was jurisdic-
tional, because it could not canvass returns
unless it had returns to canvass. There must
be a case or a court cannot act.
Mr. HOWE. They ought before they is-
sued a certificate to have proper evidence;
but if they issued the certificate on improper
evidence, would it not be prima facie ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. It was just
as necessary to have had some returns before
this board as it would be to have a case before
a court. Now, the fact that a judge should
enter up a decree against the Senator from
Wisconsin without ever having a case in court,
upon which to act would not be of any valid-
ity whatever, although if a proper suit were
brought before the judge he would theu hare
jurisdiction to enter even an erroneous decree.
Mr. HOWE. Without any evidence?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, without any evi-
dence, if he had the case before him, but there
must be pleadings; you must get the case into
court and here there was no case.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator it; mistaken
there. There was a ca.-e. The election was
a case ; no pleadings were required.
Mr. TRUMBULL, But suppose there had
