1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'' GIOBE.
was good for twenty thousand votes by his appoint-
ing his men, or men who would work in his interest,
as registrars, and the manipulation of the registra-
tion, and the appointment of commissioners of elec-
tion and in- placing the election polls, and they:
thought his influence was good for twenty thousand
votes. This waa the repeated calculation of every
one I talked with that finally went into the fusion
party. Others refused to go hi who were called lay t
ditch" ..Democrats, or "straight-out Democrats ;
many of them refused to go in the fusion, and many
of them voted for Gran t and Kellogg, who were witb-
inmy acquaintance. They made the same calcu-
lation; there was the calculation of one or two
thousand followers, enough to make fifteen or twenty
thousand altogether, by what was frequently called
in the newspapers and the people of the State ' by
the manipulation of these linger?,."
The witness said that the eostom was in New
Orleans in talking about to hold up the fingers
to indicate the manipulation of the ballot-box.
" When printed, it was put in quotation marks—
'these fingers;'—this was the common talk of the
politicians in Louisiana and in New Orleans, and I
agreed with them.
•' Queition. Do you not know that, previously to
the iusion being created between Governor War-
moth's party and the Democratic party, the very
men who were on the ticket for State offices for the
fusion party—that is, Messrs. McBnery and Ogden
were the men who had denounced Governor War-
moth in the most bitter terms?
" Answer. Until the fusion took place in August
every leading politician, every speaker, and every
newspaper denounced him, and any alliance #ith
him, most bitterly. They denounced him in the
most bitter language. Some of it was not respect-
ful, not-fit to be used. The canvass had already
commenced, and Mr. Jonas was the candidate for
Gieutenant Governor, Mr. Ogden the candidate for
attorney general, Mr. Ellis, a lawyer, who was ex-
peeting to secure some office, I believe had com-
menced. There were three at least, I remember,
who had commenced to canvass the State; and com-
menced by going up the river, and then passing
around through the northern parishes and coming
down by Shreveport, and then around by the south-
ern parishes, making a tour of the State. They had
reached about the center of the parishes, on the Ark-
ansas line, at Mindon, making speeches all the way,
when they w^re met with a telegram at Mindon, and
immediately returned, announcing that a fusion
had been accomplished. I met them on the street
on the day of their return, or it may have been the
day after; it was the day when the ratification of
this fusion was advertised to be held in Lafayette
square."
The Senator from Illinois read an extract
from a speech of the Governor in that square
in wliieli he stated they would use all advan-
" I then met Messrs. Ogden and Ellison the cor-
ner of the street, and asked them if they were going
to support it. Mr. Ogden was called to one side for
amomeut. Mr. Ellis said, ' X am willing to eat my
peek of dirt, or perhaps a bushel, but damned if I
can swallow this.'"
There is another passage, that I have not
got, now, that I was looking for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana ought to state that that witness swore that
he was the bitter personal enemy of Governor
Warmoth and had been for years.
Mr. MORTON. He swore that he was not
friendly with Governor Warmoth and gave his
reasons for it that seemed to be pretty satis-
actory.
Mr. TKUMBULL. They were bitter foes;
that accounts for the character of the testi-
mony.
Mr. MORTON. But his truthful character
cannot be denied by any one who heard him
testify—a man of intellect and character—a
man of very decided intellect.
Mr. CAKPENTER. The testimony shows
that these complaints came up from all -quar-
ters, from men of character in different locali-
ties, and that from twenty-nine parishes these
complaints came in an overwhelming flood;
not testimony to convict these men on an
indictment, but such information as we all act
upon every day here in legislation, having no
doubt, as those men expressed it, that it had
been a systematic purpose systematically
executed.
Mr. THUMBULL.^ That is the mere
opinion of bitter partis'ans.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Th-e question I call my
friend's attention to on that point, and one
that troubles me about this business, is this :
If the Constitution of the United States or of
the State of Louisiana has made me the trier
of how that election really was, then 1 am
ready to go'into it, and may probably find with
my friend that McEnerv was not elected, and'
that the other man was; but if the Constitu-
tion of the United States has not1 remitted'
that-question to me, and the constitution of
Louisiana has remitted it to its own court, in
a particular way, requiring the canvassing
board to return upon papers so and so, then I
do not see that the fact'(although we may be-
lieve it from the sort of evidence that we
have,) that there was systematic Contrivance
to elect one set, is to be considered by us. As
we partisans all know, in doubtful States there
is on both sides, everywhere systematic con-
trivance to do everything that can be done in-
side of the dangers of punishment, and some-
times outside; it is not solitary in Louisiana.
As I say, if we are to retry that question,
then I should not have a great deal of diffi-
culty upon this finding of the committee in
saying that I should find with them that Mc-
Enery was not elected ; but inasmuch as the
constitution of Louisiana, as I understand it,
has not remitted that question as a specific one'
to me to determine, but has provided that only
a eertain set of returns shall be made, and that
the people to whom they are made are not
judges who finally decide upon anything, but
they are counters to state what the papers
show subject to the exception of throwing out
certain papers, and that these very returning
boards, whichever was the lawful one, would
have no right themselves to try this question
and count votes that had not been cast, and
give people their rights who had been deprived
of them by fraud, or-to correct bribery in the
way of counting a bribed vote or otherwise,
except to reject the returns of a whole parish
where it appeared, as t.he statute says, that
there had been such tumult that nothing could
be reached, then I do not see that we get ahead
any.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will pardon me.
If that is his view of our constitutional duty
and authority, will he be good enough to
explain why we are discussing this matter at
all; why we did not lay it on the table when
we were asked to ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I will be good
enough to explain that. I am not good for
much, but 1 believe I am good enough to
explain that. The Constitution of the United
States of course requires us to have relations
with the State ; but in finding out what the
State is for our purposes for the time being, I
have never understood before that it requires
us to be the judges of all the elections in the
State and to be final arbiter of whether one
party or the other had been duly elected,
except in the last resort of force, to use the
expression of the Senator from New York in
his remarks this morning. It does not author-
ize us to go behind, what according to the
State laws is the prima facie state of the case
upon the returns and papers which the admin
istrators of the law and not the declarers of it
have submitted, just as our selectmen and eon-
stables in Vermont and as the similar officers
are in New Hampshire say that this man
appears to be elected until some other man
can turn him out on process of law, which the
laws of all our States provide. Then he must
be taken for the purposes of this case to be
the man, although we may know in a moral
sense that he is the wrong man. I say that
the Constitution of the United States, while it
does compel us to see somebody with whom
we can have relations for the time being, if
there is anybody at all, does not authorize us
to determine that his election was in all
respects conformable to the State law and that
no mistake was made.
Mr. HOWE. The Constitution, then, I
understand, charges us with doing as a legis-
lative act, that is, declaring by a statute, that a
certain man is Governor of a certain State who
we believe never received the votes of a
majority of the people of the State, and we are
called upon to legislate that thing affirmatively.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes sir. '
' Mr. HOWE. What is the clause" of tha
Constitution that requires us to do that5?
Mr. EDMUNDS'; I would even take that
extreme statement, and say yes to that if by
the words " a legislative act or declaration''
we mean, not pronouncing a, judgment which
affects the relations of that man to his own
people,'which is their affair, but only declar-
ing that we" look to what appears in keeping
up the communication between ourselves arid
that people who must be organized and' have a
head. But what 1 propose to declare is, not
by a legislative act legislating any man' to' be
Governor by force of law so that he is Gov-
ernor in any other sense than that' we recog-
nize him to"be the apparent head of the State,
apparent because his own laws which created
him make him apparent for the tlm$ b'ein'g,
although he may turn out in thfe end' li'ot to
be the real man. - If my friend understands
the difference -between the two cases, as-1 "have
no doubt he does, then he will understand me.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, I shall understand
the Senator from Vermont' when he gets
through. Practically, however, I ask the
Senator what communication we can hold
with Louisiana after we have made that legis-
lative declaration that we cannot hold to-day
before we make it? What relation shall we
have with Louisiana under such an act if passed
th^t we have not now ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall'not have any.
Mr. HOWE. Why legislate ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not on the'question
of relations; I am on the question of finding a
medium of communication between the organ-
ized State and the organized Union; that is
all. I am trying to find out who appears,
according to the constitution and the laws of
Louisiana, to be authorized to speak with ns
for the time being as the head of that State;
that is all.
The relations that the Union holds to the
States are not in a legal sense, in my opinion,
the least embarrassed by the fact that they
have failed to have an election of Governor,
or that the wrong man is in, or that the right
man is in. It is a question merely of the
medium through which the State, in whatever
it has to say to us, expresses itself, through
which under the Constitution we express our-
selves to that State, in preserving public order
and so on; I need not go over all the heads.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask one more ques-
tion of the Senator, as I want to be infortned
about this thing. Suppose we should Wait a
little time until Louisiana undertook to speak
to us out of the mouth of some man claiming
to be Governor, could we not just as well
determine then whether that w?is the real
Governor of Louisiana as to say now by a
legislative act who may hereafter speak?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely, Mr. Presi-
dent, if it were not for this one sad fact, that
the majority of the committee and lhe minority
of the committee, apparently in its results,
have given us a report, and then the fact that
the Federal Government has already put its
hand into that State and has set up a medium
which on the report of the majority of the
committee turns out to be a totally false one.
Mr. HOWE. Totally false ! How can it
be totally false if that government received a
majority of the votes of the people of Louis-
iana as the Senator believes?
Mr. EDMUNDS, f can tell my friend veiv
easily: I was speaking of what, the committee
said, and I will speak of what I saj in a
moment more. They say that the Kellogg
government is a totally false one, speaking 1
suppose in point of law ; they are not talking
about morals. We do not elect people by
ethical votes; at least they do not. up in my
country.
Mr. HOWE. We do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We elect, them by real
votes that are legally cast, and-the man that
does not get the legal vote is not elected,
