1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
although it may be that he ought to have been
elected if the people had not been constrained
to vote for somebody else by base reasons, if
you please. There is the difference, as it appears
to me.
I was speaking of what the committee said.
The committee say, speaking as I suppose of
law and not of ethics, of legal facts ana not of
wished-for results which ought to have been
attained and which would have been attained
only that the forms of law seem to have been
against them—they say that the Kellogg govern-
ment, as it is called, has become the govern-
ment of Louisiana, so far as there is any gov-
ernment there, because we have made it so,
and they say that we have made it so upon
entirely false grounds and by a shameless and
shameful usurpation.
Now, then, having thus seen a government
there which we have created by usurpation, we
are asked to say that it shall stand until the
people shall have a chance to get a better.
That, Mr. President, is a fresh remedy for
usurpation, I must say.
Mr. HOWE. I am not insisting that we
shall say that government shall stand. I want
the Senator to explain why we should say it
shall not staud, when the Senator declares that
he believes with the majority of the committee
that if we had a fair expression of Louisiana
before us to-day, Louisiana would say this
government shall stand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say it should not stand,
as the committee have said it shall not stand,
because it exists at this moment through a
usurpation of our own. The Senator says,
. why should we not let it stand? I repeat, we
should not let it stand because we are the
guilty party that has given it all the life it now
has. Then the Senator asks, why not let it
stand because you believe that in "ethics if it
had had fair play it would have stood itself?
I say, Mr. President, as I understand the Con-
stitution of my country, and of Louisiana,
that we have no business with that question at
all, except in the extreme case which we have
referred to in Louisiana; that we have no busi-
ness with that question at all, because the
Constitution of the United States allows the
people of Louisiana to frame a constitution
of their own.
Mr.MORTON. Nowwillmyfriendallowme?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I will not. The
constitution of Louisiana has declared that in
a certain way, by its tribunals and not by us,
it shall be ascertained, not upon the report of
this committee, not upon our judgment, (we are
neither judges nor jurors,) who is the true Gov-
ernor, and who ought to be. Whatever, there-
fore, I may believe as to the truth, my ^Consti-
tution, and the constitution of Louisiana, tells
me, as I understand them, that I have no
business to act upon my belief. There is the
difference. I am not the judge.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the debate, and unless Senators, by
unanimous consent, are willing to postpone
this matter until to-morrow, 1 am willing to
stay here; but we shall unfit ourselves for
business to-morrow, and I propose, if it meet
the assent of all Senators, that we now ad-
journ, with this understanding, which I have
reduced to writing in order to avoid any con-
troversy, that after the morning hour to-mor-
row the vote shall be taken on the pending
and all proposed amendments, and on the bill,
without further debate than five minutes in
favor of and five minutes against the pending
proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think you had not bet-
ter say "after the morning hour." The time
is late. You had better say " after the strict
morning business is gone through."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify it in that
way. I think we are punishing ourselves here
to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not at all sure of
that; but 1 do not think we had better put it
off for an hour, with all that is behind.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say "immediately
after the morning business."
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask one
question of the Senator from Ohio. Is the
proposed arrangement to preclude any Sen-
ator from moving to lay the bill on the table
at any time he chooses 1
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. MORTON. I shall object to that ar-
rangement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferky,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Ohio will send the proposition to the desk,
and the Secretary will report it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read it myself:
That after the morning business to-morrow the
vote shall be taken on the pending and on all pro-
posed amendments and on the bill, without further
debate than five minutes in favor of and five min-
utes against the then pending proposition.
Mr. THURMAN. You mean the proposi-
tion that is now pending ?
Mr. SHERMAN. " On the pending and
on all proposed amendments."
Mr. THURMAN. But how about the five-
minutes debate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. '' Without further debate
than five minutes in favor of and five minutes
against the pending proposition ;" that means
pending at the time of the debate.
Mr. THURMAN. You had better say
"pending at the time."
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the Senator from
Ohio read it again ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is:
That after the morning business to-morrow the
vote shall be taken on the pending and on all pro-
posed amendments and on the bill, without further
debate than five minutes in favor of and five min-
utes against the then pending proposition.
Mr. HILL. Say "each pending proposi-
tion."
Mr..MORTON, (at two o'clock and teii
minutes a. m.) 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves that the Senate
adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is waiting for the Senator from Ohio to present
his proposition.
* Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand the
Senator from Indiana objects, there is no use
of offering it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I desired to ask the Sena-
tor from Vermont a question while he was on
the floor, but he'declined to allow me to do so.
His argument was that we could not look be-
hind the returns to see if there were any frauds
in the election of McEnery and that ticket,
because we are not made triers by the Con
stitution, and because that State has provided
tribunals by which to settle that question.
That is the argument I have beeu trying to
enforce all through this debate, that the State
had provided tribunals for the settlement of
such questions, that we were bound by them.
The tribunal provided by the State is a re-
turning board.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is where you are
mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, I am not mistaken.
That is the tribunal provided by the State for
determining the result of an election, to count
the votes for the members of the Legislature
and of State officers, except Governor and
Lieutenant Governor. The Senator will not
be bound by the finding of that board. He
says that we can go behind that board to in-
quire whetherthey had the returns before them.
What are we to be bouud by? We are to be
bound by the returns of the supervisors of reg-
istration appointed by Governor Warmoth:
We can go behind the decision of the supreme
court made time and again ; we can go behind
the findings of the returning board created by
the laws of the State and decided by the su-
preme court to be the legal tribunal for that pur-
pose; we can go behind all that; but when we
come down to the supervisors of registration
appointed by Governor Warmoth, we cannot
go behind them, we are estopped when we get
there from any further inquiry!
Now, upon what ground an opinion of that
kind can be sustained I am not advised. That
board is the returning board to try the ques-
tion. The supervisors are to count the votes
and make the returns in their particular par-
ish; then the returning board take all the
returns from the different parishes, compare
and count them, and make their returns and
finding; they are the tribunal to try the ques-
tion by tlje law of the State. The higher
tribunal to pass in some form upon their legal-
ity and upon their acts is the supreme court
of the State. The Senator has held that we
can go behind the supreme court, we can go
behind the returning board especially created
by statute, but when we get down to the
returns of a supervisor of registration, the
mere instrument of appointment by one man,
when we get to his returns signed by himself,
and the commissioners of election appointed
by him, there we are estopped; we have no
right to inquire whether these returns are true
or falsel
If the Senator's principle is correct, we can
go clear to the botton ; if we have the right to
go half way down we have the right to go to
the bottom of the well. He admits that we
can pass by the count, we can pass by the
returns of the fiuding board consisting of five
persons under the law of the State, we can go
clear down till we get to the returns of the
supervisors, and then we cannot go behind
them. If that is founded upon logic or argu-
ment, I should like to hear it explained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a convenient way,
when you cannot get along any better, to say
that a man has admitted something that he
never did and that he has said something he
never did. I have no doubt the Senator
believed that I had said and admitted what he
slates; but if I heard myself say a little of
what I have said, I have not done either. I
have not said that yoa can go behind any tri-
bunal that the State has provided to determine
such questions. I do not contend that you can
except, in that last resort to which my friend
from New York referred, which we have now
passed by. So much for the fact as to what
I have admitted. While I have said that we
ought in this extraordinary state of things,
with conflicting boards, one supposed to be the
legal one, having nothing to act upon and
making certificates that they had no power to
make, because they made them in direct vio-
lation of the statute that created them 
Mr. MORTON. You go behind to find
that out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not go behind to
find it out; I go before. I find it out just as
I find out whether the Senator's commission
is one that the Constitution of the United
States and the constitution of Indiana warrant
him in holding his seat upon ; I look at it.
Now, I look at the law of Louisiana, which
the Senator has given us here in this report,
which creates this board and which declares
what it may do. Then I look at what it says
itself it has done in this same report, and I
find that it declares that it has not done what
the law required on the face of it, but that it
has done what the law forbade. That is what
I find, because the law declares what this board
may do and that is that they are to act upon
the returns coming from.the parishes. It gives
them nothing else to act on. What sort of ac-
tion are they to have'upon that? Does the
statute say that they are the judges who are
to determine who is elected or not? No, sir,
it does not. It says the reverse. It says that
they shall " compile and count," and that in a
