924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Washington. The financial and business in-
terests of his district were large, and called for
no inconsiderable labor outside of this Hall.
While his success here was no surprise to his
personal friends at home who understood his
merits, I know that he rose greatly and rap-
idly in the estimation of his constituents in
general. Ete was prompt, obliging, and in
dustrious, and while it was impossible for him
to gratify all correspondents, he certainly
should have satisfied each that he did all that
was possible or just that was ever asked of
him.
Among the subjects wherein he served his
constituents well I may mention the matter
of the navigation of the Connecticut river,
the tobacco interests, a government building
at Hartford, tariff legislation concerning our
manufactories of iron, and the important in-
surance interests of our district. No man
could have done more for his constituents.
He was ready to exercise essential powers for
the suppression of the rebellion and the recon-
struction and restoration of the seceding States,
and he cheerfully accepted and frankly de-
fended the propositions to establish universal
liberty and impartial suffrage. Yet he desired
a speedy return of the time when the exercise
of unusual powers might be laid aside with the
idle sword. The necessity of proving to the
world that this is a nation, never caused him
to forget that it is also composed of States wilh
well defined rights that can never be taken
away. From his youth up he naturally re-
tained a wholesome jealousy of monopolies,
great corporations, and combinations of vast
pecuniary interests ; he was a consistent oppo-
nent of all land grants, and an equally positive
advocate of the policy of holding the public
lands in trust for actual settlers.
Very seldom, indeed, have we in Connecti-
cut been so greatly shocked by the death of
a public servant. Thedistiict and State alike
had reason to be proud of him and to hope
much from his labors for many years to come.
When the gray haired veteran, delibeiately
laying aside his battered armor, goes calmly
to his chamber in the silent halls of death,
the fitness of time and the forewarning lead
us to be easdy reconciled. What mysterious
intimations our friend may have had I know
not, but if any we had not shared them. In
the high noon of his power and his promise
he received his summons. "1 find no fault,"
he replied. We can say no less.
As a neighbor and a personal friend from
the days when we met at the threshold of
professional life, I desire to say this also
in behalf of my deceased friend—he was an
honest man. In what proportion truth and
scandal have been mingled in the charges
freely made, not alo ie now, but always here-
to lore in connection with special legislation,
I know not, but this I know, that not even a
whisper of suspicion reached us, his constitu-
ents, concerning his action. Tins, indeed, 1
must, confess, was due to his good fortune as
well as his merit, for the best cannot always
escape. 13tit the reputation he had established
at home, based upon the leal character he
maintained, was a great fortification in any
emergency, and is now a precious inheiitance
for his family and friends.
Mr. Strong's private life was without fault.
He was always impelled by high motives, and
animated by a desire to do right and be just
to all men. As a friend and associate at the
bar, in social life, and in his domestic rela-
tions as a son, husband, and father, Mr. Stkoxg
has a blameless record. He was cheerful,
kind, warm-hearted, just, and affable in his
intercourse with all men. I have not the
heart to indulge in elaborate eulogy. No
wonderful incidents diversified his career.
He grew steadily to his full stature, a well-
balanced, faithful, able, true man ; a useful,
honored public officer; and with manly forti-
tude he cheerfully obeyed the dread call of
death while in the full flush of an honorable
ambition. God send that the State and the
nation may always be served with equal fidelity.
I move the adoption of the following reso-
lutions:
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the House has heard with sincere
sorrow of the sudden death of Hon. Julius L.
Strong, late Representative in this House of the first
district of Connecticut, and laments the decease of a
faithful legislator, an esteemed associate, and an
honorable citizen.
llcsolved, As evidence of respect to the memory
of the dead, the officers and members of the House
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
liesolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
transmitted by the Clerk to the family of Mr.
Strong.
lie?olved,t By the House, as a further mark of re-
spect, that it now adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Speaker, for the
first time during my residence in the State of
Connecticut, now about thirty years, it has
become the sad duty of her Representatives
on this floor to announce to the House the
death of a colleague. For the first time, with
a single exception, during the last seventy
years has one of her honored Representatives
in this House laid off the cares and duties of
office and life together, before the expiration
of his term of service.
Mr. Wiidman, of Danbury, Connecticut,
while a Representative in this House, died in
this city December 10, 1835; and no other
member of this House has died while in ser-
vice, if I ara correctly informed, since the
commencement of the present century. It is
more than twenty-five years since a Senator
from our State has died during the term for
which he was elected. Mr. Jabez W. Hunting-
ton, who died at Norwich, November 1, 1847,
was the last Senator who died during his term.
And the proportion of members of this House
from our State, as well as the actual number,
was formerly much greater than it is now.
In the first Congress under the Constitution,
Connecticut had one thirteenth of the whole
number of members of this House, as well as
of the Senate. For three decades following
the first census of 1790 Connecticut had seven
members on this floor. As late as the decade
following the census of 1830 she had six Rep-
resentatives here. Nearly one bundled and
fifty different persons have repiesent.ed her
in the two branches of Congress, And of this
whole number only six or seven have died
during their term of service. The five prede-
cessors of our late colleague, having repre-
sented his district for the previous eighteen
yeai's, were all living at the time of his death ;
though one of them, Hon. Henry C. Deming,
whose rare powers of oratory are well remem-
bered by many around me, has since gone to
his last resting-place. And yet, how few of
all this number remain. Of all those who
represented our State during the first fifty
years of our national existence after the adop-
tion of the Constitution, scarcely one is now
among the living. One of them, born during
the first administration of Washington, whose
memory runs back to tlie time when he was
Piesideut, who represented a portion of my
colleague's [Mr. IBabnum's] district more than
thirty years ago, before the apportionment
under, the census of 1840, and alterward the
present district, was arguing a cause iu the
Supreme Court in this Capitol only one week
ago. I refer to Hon. Truman Smith, now
eighty-two years of age, still in the practice
of his profession, with much of his natural
force and vigor unabated.
And now our band is again broken, and
Julius L. Strong is gone from among us.
With a suddenness that shocked and startled
while it saddened us, his summons came. In
the early days of September, before autumn
had painted the foliage of a summer's growth
with the hues of decay, he was cut down by the
fell destroyer who is waiting for us all. The
youngest in years of our delegation, in the full
vigor and freshness of an energetic manhood,
he was the first to "fall by the wayside, weary
with the march of life." Disease and death
came not to him by slow approaches, or with
insidious delays, but came like a thunder-
bolt in a dear sky, riving the oak of the for-
est to. its roots. Who of us as we remember
him a few short months since on this floor,
glowing with health and bearing the promise
to our short vision of a greater measure of
future years than many of us can hope for,
would have singled him from our number as
the first of his own delegation to die ?
"He was the proudest in his strength,
The sturdiest of us all:
Why lies he at that fearful length,
And we around his pall ?"
May this sudden removal of our friend teach
us all, as has been so often said, " what shadows
we are, and what shadows we pursue;" and
may we remember, in the hopes, the plans,
and the ambitions of this life, dear to him as
to any of us, how few and short are the years
that are given us.
I first met Juuus L. Strong in the spring of
1852. He was then a law student, and before
his 'admission to the bar had been elected a
member of the house of representatives in the
State Legislature, from his native town of Bol-
ton. He was the youngest member of the
house, I think; and I well remember his first
speech that session, which drew forth com-
mendations from leading members of both
parties, and predictions were then freely made
of his future promise and success. The next
year he was chosen clerk of the senate, of
which I was a member, the Legislature meet-
ing that year in Hartford; and I learned then
his ability, and with my associates recognized
fully the quiet, faithful, and courteous manner
in which he discharged the duties of his office.
We were then of opposite politics, but I became
more intimate with him than many of the
members, as we were nearer in age. I remem-
ber that a sudden fit of illness seized him one
day while reading a bill, and he came near
falling by his desk, when I went to his side
and took his place for the remainder of the
day ; and I have thought, since his death, that,
healthy and vigorous as he seemed, he may
have borne from his youth up the elements
of that disease that at last so suddenly laid
him in his grave.
Julius L. Strong was, in the full sense of
the common phrase, a self-made man. With
no advantages in his early years save the com-
mon school of a country town, he determined
to win for himself a better education and a
higher success in life than usually falls to the
lot of the sons of toil. He taught school to
procure the means for his education ; and
those of us who taught country schools from
twenty-five to thirty-five years" ago know Cull
well the weary hours and meager compensa-
tion for that service. His academic education
was partially received at the well known Wil-
braham Academy in Massachusetts. He was
for about one year at the Wesleyan University
at Middletown, Connecticut, and afterward iu
Union College, iu the State of New York ; but
he left before the time of graduation, and
entered upon the study of the law.
In 1853, having been admitted to the bar,
he engaged witli zeal in the practice of his
profession. Removing in a short time from
his own county of Tolland -to Hartford, he
opened a law office in that city. The bar of
Hartford has long been eminent for the high
character, profound legal knowledge, and bril-
liant forensic talents of many of its members;
and in a field preoccupied by many of the first
lawyers of the State, young Stbong, nothing
daunted, entered the lists for the race for
fortune and success. He took his place in the
front rank of the younger members of his pro-
fession; and by his energy, integrity, and de-
votion to the interests of his clients, he soon
won for himself a large and lucrative practice.
He made his client's cause his own, and with
determined energy fought his cases inch by
inch. No man ever left the door of Julius L.
