1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
special case they may refuse to count certain
votes. It does not anywhere give them any
authority to add to the sum any vote whatever
which does not come in the return ; and if the
Senator believes I am wrong let him point it
out to the Senate.
But now we are chiefly upon the Governor,
because on this report itself it seems no man
can tell which of these two bodies is the Legis-
lature to this day. A Legislature is elected.
Everybody admits that the people of Louisiana
elected a Legislature, and that there is some-
body there, either the majority or the minority
candidate in each parish, if they are elected
by parishes, who is entitled to compose the
Legislaturebut we cannot find out at this
moment which they are or who they are,
because the men who are elected have so
scattered themselves into their respective fac-
tions that you cannot find in any one place,
according to the statement of the report, any-
body that makes a Legislature. I have not
gone into the evidence, whether right or
wrong. I assume that it is so. Now turn to
the constitution; and constitutions in the
northern States are supposed to have some
force over the destinies of the people; and
you find as to Governor that—
41 The qualified electors for representatives shall
vote for Governor and Lieutenant Governor at the
time and place for voting for representatives; the
returns of every election shall be sealed up and trans-
mitted by the proper returning officer to the secretary
of state, who shall deliver them—"
not to the Governor and his returning board,
but to the Legistature—
" to the speaker of the house of representatives, on
the second day of the session of the General Assem-
bly then to be holden—"
by the constitution of that State 
Mr. CARPENTER. Read the next sentence ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. " The members of the
General Assembly shall meet in the house of
representatives to examine and count the
votes." Is that far enough for you 1
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. There is a
point before that that I am on with my friend
from Indiana.
Now, Mr. President, the constitution of
Louisiana, if we are to pay any respect to it,
if we are not to say that we can find a better
way than their constitution, has provided for
their electing and returning the voles for their
Governor, and declares, if language means
anything, that no man shall touch, or open, or
count those votes thus returned until they have
fane through the hands of the secretary of
tate, and from him, untouched and untam-
pered with and unopen, so far as I can see,
they are delivered to the presiding officer of
the General Assembly. Then it says that the
Legislature shall countthe votes, as my friend
from Wisconsin has said. It does not say that
either of these boards shall count the votes.
It says in substance and effect that they shall
not count them, and that they have no busi-
ness with them.
The law has undertaken to say apparently
that a returning board shall count the votes—
not decide the election, but count the votes
and foot them up, and state what the result is;
but taking the constitution—and I do not care
which way you take it; it is equally fatal to
my mind, whichever way you take it—the con-
stitution says that before these votes are
touched or tampered with they shall go into
the hands of the presiding officer of the rep-
resentatives of the people who have elected
him as their mouthpiece. Now, then, when
you get that far, where are you ? According
to the report of this committee there has not
been a competent body to count these votes
at all, because the majority of the committee
report, if I understand the report, (and if I
am wrong I should like to be corrected,) that
there never has been a well-founded pretense
even that either of these two bodies had a
lawful quorum of the lawfully elected and
returned members.
Mr. HILL. I think all the committee admit
that fact.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator from
Vermont will yield to me for a moment, it all
depends upon what the Senator is going upon.
If you are examining this on the constitution,
then the Senator is all right. There never has
been any canvass by the Legislature that I
know of; but if he goes on the statute, then
there was the canvass made by the De Feriety
board, which was appointed by Warmoth after
he approved the act of November 20, which
made what they call in that State so many
original vacancies which he was authorized
to fill by appointment. He approved the
law, then filled the vacancies which the law
created. That board was then furnished with
the returns, and they made the canvass, and
upon that canvass McEnery and his associates
on the State ticket, and his members of the
State Legislature, entered upon their offices.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am now on the ques-
tion of whether there has been any lawful can-
vass at all, and it appears to me—I may be
entirely mistaken, I only speak for myself,
with a sincere effort to get at the truth—that
if you pay respect to the constitution, you are
obliged to say that the votes for Governor,
which were cast ostensibly under the forms
of law and at the time and place required,
and in the manner required, (no matter how
much fraud may have got in; there is the
appearance of regularity,) and which votes
showed McEnery to have a large majority,
have never yet been canvassed and counted
by anybody who was lawfully entitled to do
it, so far as we can get it from the report of
this committee. That is the way under the
constitution, it seems to me. Now, if you
have got that far, then we have stepped in,
(and when I say " we," I mean the function-
aries that the Constitution and laws of the
United States have provided for administering
a certain kind of justice under certain limita-
tions of the Constitution,) and as the majority
of the committee have reported, and I think
satisfactorily, we have put up a government
there which neither the returns, nor the con-
stitution of that State, nor the law of that
State, allowed to exercise its powers. We
believe that if we could go through the whole
thing as if we were the lawful judges we might
do, we might come to that result, but I be-
lieve we are not the lawful judges of the count-
ing the votes in that State.
Then what are you to do ? It seems to me,
as I have said, and I do not want to go over it
again, that prima facie nothing having been
done beyond the voting of the people on that
occasion who were entitled to have a new
Governor, and they evidently wanted one—
we all agree they wanted a new Governor and
needed one of some kind, and they had a right
to have one by the Constitution, although the
old one holds over until they get one, which
is another one of these difficulties that might
be discussed with some opening of fresh dis-
tances on the sea that my friend from New
York has referred to—we find, looking at the
papers, although they have never gone through
the form that is required there on account of
these difficulties, that here is a man who ap-
peared to have a majority of the votes, and it
seems to me we must take him as the prima
facie man until the matter shall be decided
under the laws regulating contested elec-
tions, because the Constitution does not say
that the Legislature shall decide; they shall
only count the votes and make public proc-
lamation of what appears, and their judg-
ment, if they express any, would not be con-
clusive auy more than it would be in Vermont
in a similar case. The constitution of Ver-
mont requires exactly this same thing in sub-
stance that the constitution of Louisiana does.
The votes are sent to the secretary of State,
he submits them to the General Assembly,
the General Assembly appoint a committee
to canvass and count them; but it was never
thought—to be sure we have never had a con-
tested election, and therefore I do not speak
by authority, but I only speak of the general
sense of the bar and bench and people of that
State—it was never thought in the State of
Vermont that the Legislature would determine
who had been elected Governor except so far
as to make public proclamation of the returns
and if there was a dispute the judicial tribunals,
under the constitution, in a suit between the
parties who were interested in the question,
would determine whether A or B was entitled
to hold the office, in ways we understand, by
mandamus or quo warranto.
Mr. HOWE, We are all republicans. Some
of us have got a bad habit of calling ourselves
Democrats, but we are all republicans, and
we all want Louisiana to have a republican
form of government, and we all know that she
cannot have such a government until she gets
one which reflects the will and the wishes of
her people, the people of that State. Now
how to give her precisely that kind of govern-
ment does not seem to be entirely agreed here
in the Senate as far as I have observed. I
apprehend that some of us have somehow or
other got committed to eertian notions, and
if we stay here till a pretty late hour in the
morning we shall be diligently employed in
defending the respective opinions with which
we started in at the opening of the session. I
think it is the part of wisdom for us to adjourn
and go home and have a few hours of sleep,
by which time it may be reasonably hoped we
shall forget all we have said to-day, and we
can come in to-morrow, start fresh, and per-
haps start fairer, and I think can settle this •
question one way or other.
Mr. WILSON. Let us agree to take the
vote at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; let us have an
agreement to take the vote at a certain hour.
Mr. CONKLING. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOWE. Can we have unanimous eon-
sent?
Mr. WILSON. To vote at one o'clock ?
Mr. HOWE. 1 think we shall all know
exactly how to vote at one o'clock to-morrow.
I renew the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Sentor from
Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to the
agreement suggested by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. MORTON. I object.
Mr. HOWE. There is objection, I under-
stand. Then I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 18, noes 25.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President I pro-
pose to address the Senate on this all-im-
portant subject. I see that there is an indis-
position to sleep to-night; it is only half after
two o'clock, and so I will endeavor to con-
tribute my mite to the comfort of the Senators,
so that they may realize the sitting here until
daylight for aught I care. I am about as old
as any gentleman here, and if I can stand it I
think they may well do so. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY, (at two o'clock and thirty-
two minutes a. m.) The Senator I under-
stand will give way to a motion to adjourn,
and I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
["No!" " No!"J
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted—yeas 19, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Clayton,
Conklingr, Corbett, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Howe, Machen, Morton, Osborn, Kamsey,
Sherman, Spencer, West, Wilson, Wisdom, and
W right—19.
NAYS—Messrs, Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Cooper, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds,
