1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9281
Strong's office without the conviction that his
lawyer was true and firm as steel, and zealous
as fire, in bis behalf, and that the cause, to the
full extent of his ability, was safe and saered in
his hands. Courteous and fair to an opponent,
he would yield no point in a cause, no jot or
tittle of ground that he could claim for his
client. With an integrity that was never ques-
tioned, and with an honor that was never
tarnished, he fought his way onward and up-
ward in the struggle for professional success
and distinction ; and at the time of his election
as a member of the Forty-First Congress he
was in the full enjoyment of a large and still
growing professional business. He was true to
his client, true and honorable to his opponent,
true and respectful to court or tribunal, and
true to himself and his own good name. He
was early imbued with the spirit of that advice
of the matchless poet of our language, who read
the motives and knew all the springs and secrets
of human action as no one else has since the
days of Him who spake as never man spake:
" This above all: to thine own self be true ;
And it will follow, as the night the day,
Thou can'st not then be false to any man."
Mr. Stroxg, in his youth and in the earlier
years of his manhood, was politically attached
to and connected with the Democratic party.
He became an elector when that party was m
the full tide of triumphant success, and, as I
have said, a member of the State Legislature
in the year when that party swept every State,
save four, in a presidential election. In the
divisions in its ranks that soon followed, grow-
ing out of the question of slavery, he followed
his own earnest convictions, and went with
that portion of his party which resisted its ex-
tension or recognition under the Constitution
in the Territories of the United States. When
the strifes and dissensions arising therefrom
culminated into civil war, and even before the
actual outbreak, he, in advance of thousands
of others, joined the ranks of the party he
had lately opposed. And yet he loved the
party of his youth, to which he had been
devotedly attached; and nothing but his clear
sense of duty and his sincere convictions
shaped his future course. There was no dis-
appointed ambition, no sense of slight or want
of recognition by the party—no barbed arrows
of this sort were gathered and rankling in his
breast. He had been honored by that party
in his youth beyond the ordinary lot of aspir-
ants of his years. First among the foremost
to spring to the side of the new Adminstra-
tiou, against which he had cast his vote his
voice rang out with no uncertain sound in
behalf of the Government in its hour of peril
and threatened dissolution.
Elected to the Forty-First Congress over one
who had for nearly twenty years held a seat
in one or the other House of Congress, and who
had long enjoyed a great political influence
in his district, he came here at the close of
the spring session in April, 1869. From that
time until his death he devoted himself mainly
to the duties of his trust. He grew daily in
the confidence and esteem of his constitu-
ents. He enjoyed his position well; he loved
its excitements, its struggles, and its triumphs.
1 need not say here, what scores about me
have daily witnessed, how faithfully and earn-
estly he represented bis district and his State.
He was watchful and vigilant for all the in-
terests of his people; he was swift to render
aid to the humblest, as well as the most influ-
ential, of his constituents. Though some of
his predecessors are among the most eminent
men in the State, each one of thorn now living
will cheerfully bear witness that his district
has never had a more faithful, devoted, and
successful Representative than during the ser
vice of our deceased friend. He was social,
genial, and hearty in his enjoyment of lite and
its blessings. In private as well as public
life lie was irreproachable and' without^a stain.
He loved his family and friends, and had a
keen enjoyment of their society.
When the strong hand of disease struck him
down without warning, though friends sur-
rounding all hoped and believed he would
soon recover, he saw clearly that the blow
was fatal and his hour was come ; and the full-
ness of his heart gave utterance in the words,
" I find no fault; I only care to live for wife
and child and friends." We can poorly see,
with our dim vision here, why, in the good
providence of Him who doeth all things well,
one is cut down in the hour of his greatest
vigor_ and highest usefulness; why the silver
cord is so often loosed when its power seems
strongest; why the lamp of life is so often
suddenly quenched at the moment of its great-
est brilliancy, while others flicker on through
slow years, when health and joy and useful-
ness are gone, and, "dry as summer's dust,
burn to the socket."
Mournfully, sadly, we offer here the last
poor tribute to the memory of our departed
colleague and friend. Kindly, tenderly, we
bear our message of sympathy to the be-
reaved who were nearest and dearest to him in
life. Theirs are griefs too sacred for us to
share, too deep for us to fathom. As the
finest American writer has said :
" Let those teil who have had the portals of the
tomb suddenly closed between them and the being
they most loved on earth—who have sat at its
threshold, as one shut out in a cold and lonely
world, from whence all that was most lovely and
loving to them had departed."
God alone knows the full measure of the
breadth and strength and power of the love
that a devoted wife bears to him who is dearer
to her than all the world besides, for it is only
His all-abounding love that passeth the love
of woman. God alone knows the full depth
and tenderness of a daughter's love for a fond
father; and God and they who suffer it only
know the agony and grief of sudden and fear-
ful bereavement. With Him we can only
leave them ; but it is with the cheering reflec-
tion, that, great as is their loss, he who was so
dear has left to them the richest legacy that
man can leave to wife or child on earth—the
grateful recollection of an honorable and a
stainless name.
The wreaths and ehaplefs of flowers with
which love garlanded his coffin and crowned
his grave have faded and withered before the
frosts of a single winter; but the tender mem-
ories of him they loved shall not perish, but
shall go with them through life, and over the
river to the beautiful land beyond, where
flowers eternal fade not, and sorrow and be-
reavement come no more.
"Beyond this vale of tears
There is a life above,
Unmeasured by the flight of years.
And all that life is love."
I second, Mr. Speaker, the resolutions
offered by my colleague.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
it is with no ordinary feeling of sadness I rise
to submit my humble testimony to the memory
of our departed associate, it is tempered,
however, by the pleasant reflection that, to be
just., good only can be said of him. His
public career is submitted to the judgment of
the country. Those who knew him will always
accQrd him an honest heart and an upright
conscience; can only say that whatever differ-
ences of opinion may have divided them, his
opinions were the convictions of an upright
man.
It was my good fortune to have been inti-
mately associated with Mr. strong during his
lifetime. That association built up_ recip-
rocal friendship which will ever keep his name
and his character green in my memory.
During two sessions of Congress we served
together on an important and laborious com-
mittee of this House. In that committee he
exhibited in a high degree qualities that won
the respect, confidence, and admiration of his j
associates. Although just and firm, he was i
neither arrogant nor dictatorial. He always j
conceded sincerity of purpose to those with I
whom he disagreed, always accorded a re-
spectful hearing to his adversaries. Ebullitions
of passion were foreign to his nature. His
Study was to serve Ms country and tfhose by
whom he was surrounded. He had cultivated
systematically those kindlier characteristics
which make the ways of the world pleasant
and develop the nobler emotions of the human
heart. His voice was never raised to revive
the dread passions which the unhappy war
between the sections had summoned. Al-
though ever faithful to his immediate constitu-
ency, he appreciated his political mission and
realized his duty to the country; was great
enough to understand that fraternity was the
only abiding bond of security and prosperity,
and good enough to devote the whole energies
of his mind and heart to its accomplishment.
Such, Mr. Speaker, was the character of the
man whom, in his lifetime, I was proud to
call my friend, 'and whose memory in death I
love to reverence. Party spirit, if any I enter-
tained, is hushed at his grave.
In his death the country loses a patriot, his
associates a wise counselor and a just and
charitable friend. But who can fathom the
deep and enduring bereavement of those who
sustained to him the nearest and dearest rela-
tions, whose pathways in life were illuminated
by his genial presence, were hallowed by his
tender affections? Although without warning
or apprehension he was stricken from exist-
ence, they have an enduring consolation in
the reflection that the whole tenor of his life
was a preparation for the solemn change or-
dained to man ; for is it not written:
" Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see
God.
" Blessed are the merciful, for thoy shall obtain
mercy.
" Blessed are the peace makers, for they shall be
called the children of God ? "
The question being put on the resolutions,
they were unanimously adopted ; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of Theodore F. Reed and 60 others,
asking the establishment of a mail route in
Oceana county, Michigan.
By Mr. MERRIAM : The petition of James
A. Bell and 103 others, citizens of Dexter,
New York, for the removal of a sand bar from
the harbor at the mouth of Black river, New
York.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of John
C. Bronner, andll9 others, citizens of Fairfax,
Loudoun, and Prince William counties in
Virginia, with accompanying letter of George
C. Round, Postmaster at Manassas, praying
that a new post route be established from Al-
die, in Loudoun county, to Manassas, in Prince
William, via Sudley Springs.
By Mr. RANDALL: ThepetitionofNathan
Winchester, of Philadelphia, a seaman, ask-
ing the repeal of an act known as an act
authorizing the appointment of shipping com-
missioners at-various points.
By Mr. ROBINSON : The petition of
Thomas J. Powell, of Illinois, prajing a
pension.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 29, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 3709) granting rights
of way to railroad companies in the several
Territories was read twice by it title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
