926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
The bill (H. R. No. 3710) to provide for the
establishment of life-saving stations on the
coast of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Virginia, and North Carolina was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 187) ten-
dering the thanks of Congress to Captain
Graddell, officers and crew of the steamship
Atlantic, of the White Star line, for saving
the brigantine Scotland in mid-ocean, was
read twice by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The joint resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Com-
meice.
Mr. FBNTON. I have been requested to
ask that that joint resolution be put on its
passage, but as I do not now bring to mind
the facts of the case very well, I accept the
reference to the Committee on Commerce.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
citizens of Ohio, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill repealing the bankrupt law
recently passed by the House of Representa-
tives; which was referred to'the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition
of six national banks in New Haven, Con-
necticut, asking a modification of the national
currency act; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of thirty
banks in Boston, asking for a reduction of the
taxes on banks or their abrogation altogether;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FLANAGAN (in behalf of Mr. Brown-
I.ow, absent on account of sickness) presented
a petition of late soldiers of the United States
Army, asking favorable consideration by the
Senate of the bounty land bill lately passed
the House of Representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Mrs. Eliza M. Pendergust, guardian of George
Baxter, praying for the restoration of a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions
Mr. RICE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Arkansas, praying to be granted a
republican form ot government and asking that
a committee be sent to that State to investi-
gate alleged frauds and outrages perpetrated
upon them; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. TIIURMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying the passage of the
bounty land bill recently passed by tbe House
of Representatives; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. IIOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Peshtigo, Wisconsin, praying the passage
of the soldiers' bounty land bill; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. C0NKL1NG presented a petition of
Louisa Jenkins, widow of Henry Jenkins,
asking the extension of a patent for an im-
proved method of uniting cast and wrought
iron ; which was referred to the Committee 011
Patents.
credentials.
Mr. VICKEIIS presented the credentials of
Hon. George R. Dennis, chosen by the
Legislature of Maryland a Senator from that
State for the term beginning March 4, 1873 ;
which was read, and ordered to be filed.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Kiley H.
Smith be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
kbforts of committees.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1411) fixing the pay of civil engineers
in the Navy, reported it without amendment.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1431) to provide for the establishment
of a large arsenal of construction and repair,
a powder depot and proving-ground, at points
east of the Alleghany mountains, and for the
discontinuance and disposal of some of the
smaller arsenals, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1709) for the
relief of Major John W. Todd, to report it
back without amendment and with a recom-
mendation that it pass. This case has been
before two Congresses. It passed the House
last session and was reported favorably, but
the papers were lost. There is a memorandum
among tbe papers containing a statement of
the facts in reference to the case, and if the
Senate will allow it to be read I think there
will be no objection to it. I ask the Senate to
take action upon it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CORBE IT. I think that bill had better
go on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Its consid-
eration being objected to, the bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Mines
and Mining, who were, by a resolution of the
Senate, adopted yesterday, directed to inquire
into the propriety of extending the mining law
passed at the last session for a limited period,
have directed me to report a bill in conformity
with the resolution, and [ ask that it be put on
its passage now. I think there will be no
objection from any quarter.
The bill (S. No. 1482) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to promote the development of
the mining resources of the United States"
was read and passed to a second reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine asks for the present consid-
eration of this bill. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee 011 Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
the chiefs and head-men of the Oneida Indians
of Wisconsin, praying to have secured to them
the quiet possession of their reservation, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of members of the
Stoekbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians of
Wisconsin, praying an amendment to the act
ot January 25, 1871, requiring the enumera-
tion of the Stoekbridge tribe of Indians now
residing on the present reservation of said
tribe, and declaring all patents heretofore
issued to such Indians null and void, and that
any member of said tribe may receive a patent
to his or her homestead, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for holding a circuit court
of the United States in the western district of
Missouri," approved June 8, 1872, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Public Lauds, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 2101) for the relief of Addison
Goodell, of Illinois, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims ; which was agreed to.
cemetery near city of mexico.
Mr. LOGAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1429) to provide for the
care and preservation of the cemetery near the
city of Mexico; purchased in accordance with
the act of September 28, 1850, to report it
back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass ; and inasmuch as 1 am
compelled to return at once to a committee,
and will be kept away from the Senate Cham-
ber, as I have been for several days, I ask the
Senate to take up the bill and act upon it
now. It will take but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the President of
the United States to provide, out of the ordin-
ary annual appropriations for establishing and
maintaining United States military cemete-
ries, for the proper care and preservation and
maintenance of the cemetery or burial ground
near the city of Mexico, in which are interred
the remains of officers and soldiers of the United
States, and of citizens of the United States
who fell in battle, or died in and around that
city; and this cemetery is to be subject to tbe
rules and regulations affecting United States
national military cemeteries within the limits
of the United States, so far as they may, in
the opinion of the President, be applicable
thereto.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill' (S.
No. 1483) creating the collection district of
southern Oregon ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1484) to establish a post route in Oregon;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1485) for the survey of the mouth of the Co-
quille river in Oregon; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtaiued, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1486) for the relief of the heirs-at-law of
A. J. Ringgold, late of the State of California ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed..
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1487) to provide for the payment of legal
services rendered by Edmund L. Randolph to
the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1488) to extend State laws on the subject
of occupying claimants to actions tried in the
courts of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1489) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to authorize the Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company to extend a
railroad into and within the District of Colum-
bia," approved January 22, 1873 ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1490) for the relief of the widow
of Humphrey Marshall; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, aoid ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
