18§6
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GiOBI.
February* <2lT,
Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Jia'mU'h, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
^Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton,'Thurman, and Trum-
bull—29. " ' *
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brwn-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Benton, Berry
of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robertscfti,
Sprague. Sumner, Tipton, and Vickers—25.
So-the Senate refused to adjourn. *
Mr. FLANAGAN. • I am very much obliged
to the Sfenate for afFording'me an opportunity
,o address'them on this occasion. ' [Laughter.]
Mr.* THtJRM'AN. "Will my' friend from
Texas allow me to make a proposition ? . "
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. 'I propose that by unan-
imous consent we agree to take the vote with-
out any debate 'whatsoever at one o'clock
to-morro'w, not cutting off anybody from offer-
ing-amendments. -
Mr." FLANAGAN. What is the proposi-
tion? *
- Mr. THURMAN. That without any debate
whatsoever,'either on the pending amendment
or any other, we proceeed to vote at one o' clock
to-morrow.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I object to. that.
Mr. FEBLINGHUrSBN. I suggest to my
friend from Texas that he give way and allow
us to take a vote now on the pending amend
ment, if that is agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us do that.
Mr. LOGAN. I object. I have no disposi-
tion to detain the Senate by any remarks on
this subject, but I" have noticed a disposition
here frequently when certain gentleman get
through speaking on a measure they are very
anxious to vote. ft is always necessary for
certain men here to' be heard on every ques-
tion before any vote' can be taken, it makes
no difference whether the measure involves
five cents or a State government-; but when
they ftfe heard we'must vote'.'' I object to any
vote being taken until all gentlemen who
desire tospeak ori this que'stionhave an oppor-
tunity to do so.
Mr.'MORTON. 'That is right.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not believe in this way
of cutting off everybody except a certain few.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on, the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio., [Mr. Sherman,] upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. COLE. I am paired with the Senator
from New "fork [Mr. Fenton] upon every
material question on this. bill.. . I do not know
exactly how he would vote on this amend-
ment.
My. HAMILTON,' of Maryland. On this
questidii' my colleague [Mr. ' Vickers} is
paired with the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. :Ames.] 1 ' ' , "
'Mr.' CHANDLER. I desire to state that
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. BlAir] is
paired With the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
BROWTMjthY.3
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted— yeas 19, nays 23 ; as follows :
— Messrs'. Boreman. Chandler, Clayton,
Cragifi,'Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, ilamlin, Harlan, Osborn, .Ramsey, Saw-
yor. Sherman^ Spencer, Stewart, West, Wilson, and
Win do in—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Casserly, Cooper, Davis,
Edmunds, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Howe, Johnston,-Kelly, Machen, Norwood, Ransom,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Trumbull, and Wright—23.
ABS!£$T—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Cble, Conkling, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Lewis,
Logan. Mprrill ol Maine, Morrill ot Vermont, Mor-
ton,' Wye, Patterson, Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt, ltice,
Robertson, Sumner, Tipton, and Vickers—31.
So thti am'eudment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am happy to find,
Mr. President, that I still have an opportunity
to address the Senate. [Laughter.] Sir, this
is a very , remarkable case in the history of this
great nation.
.. Mr., CHANDLER. Will my friend from
Texas give way to allow me to make a motion
to this whole subject on the table?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir, if it is,under-
stood that I still hold the floor. - •
, Mr. CARPENTER. . I hope the honorable
Senator from Texas will not give way for such
a purpose. I want to hear him discuss this
subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. ■ With the. consent of
the Senator from Texas, I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mj. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE.. I am paired with the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fenton.] J should vote
"yea" and I presume he would vote ".nay."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
question my colleague [Mr. Vick.er.S3 is
paired with the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Ames.]
The question beiug taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Corbett, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe, Morton, Osborn, Ramsey, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, West, Wilson, Windom,' arid
Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cooper, CrafKn, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry of Michi-
gan. Frelinshuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Jlill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Mac hen,
Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurinan,
and 'Trumbull—2Y.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn,-Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Cole,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, MorrillofVer-
rnont, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Bice,
Robertson, Sumner. Tipton, and Vickers—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am- gratified, Mr.
President, that I have at least manifested a
disposition to respond favorably to every
proposition that has been submitted to me by
friends. Now I hope they will .not feel very
much inconyenienced if 1 shall endeavor to
entertain them for a short period.
Mr. President, this discussion has tended to
show conclusively that everything so far as
Louisiana is concerned is higgledy-piggledy ;
it is in perfect confusion, and I regret to say
that so far as my views extend, though I may
be in error, I have heard nothing satisfactory
to me to explain, arrange, adjust, or arrive at
anything that is calculated to relieve us from
the difficulty presented.
We have heard the speeches of distinguished
jurists, lawyers of the tirst ability, the present
and the recent chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary of the Senate of the United
States. . Those gentlemen do not seem to
agree upon this great question. The testi-
mony presented for our consideration isvol-
uminous. The distinguished gentlemen who
gave the utmost vigilance and the closest atten-
tion, I have no hesitancy in saying, from- the
high character and the known ability of those
gentlemen, to the investigation of this subject,
do not themselves agree. That is conclusive
with me that this whole proceeding is most
questionable, and really harder to understand
than it was before that testimony was pre-
sented. That faot was placed beyond question
in the most clear and conclusive, though brief
argument of the distinguished Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conklins.] - -
Now, what is the condition of Louisiana?
It is said that she has not a republican gov-
ernment, and that it is the bounden duty of
the Congress of the United States to see that
she has such a government. There will be no
issue upon that latter point, I take it. But
what evidence have we that she has not such
a government ? With due respect to the ideas
and arguments that have been advanced on
that subject, I maintain that she has, and in
support of my position I refer to the fact that
the highest tribunals known to the American
nation have so declared. Has there-been any
• action nullifying the decision of the United
States court ? I think I understand.that)action,
and I think I knew, what the declaration will
be, that.up'to ihisitime Louisiana has 'a repub-
lican government, so recognized by the Presi-
dent of-the"United States, and I am gratified
.to be able to say that I have heard no Senator
in this debate say that the-President-has acted
badly or improperly in so declaring. -Thau
that cannotbe a controverted fact,, it is clear.
But, sir, in the absence of the -testimony
which I shall not undertake to explain -Or to
call in question, let me refer to this bill'upou
which we are called to vote. The copy "whi<5h
I now exhibit to the Senate h^g some blaik
spots, upon it. They are accidental. • ■ '•
Mr. THURMAN. You are not blaekenirig
the bill ? -
-Mr. FLANAGAN; The'blotting-,-however,
is not sufficient. The whole bill ought' to be
expunged, Jacksen-like, from the considera-
tion of Congress in my -humble opinion. It
has'been introduced by an able political me-
chanic ; it has been framed by the great
Carpenter of the Senate, [laughter ;] but Ifet
me invite >the attention of my"'friend' from
Wisconsin to the -feet that the'materia! out <ff
which he proposes to build his Democratic
edifice in the State of Louisiana is old refuse
stuff, which he himself has condemned-here-
tofore, which he - himself has solemnly anHl
eloquently condemned this very day.' Can T
prove that? I shall endeavor to do so.
When the distinguished Senator in -;-tlie
course of his speech stated thai a-particular
law had been enacted" by the Legislature ojf
the State of Louisiana, and the legal custodian
of that law wis'Governor 'Wartnoth,' an'd.th'e
Governor had seeh fit to'plkcS jt'in A 'particular
drawer where it could be 'safely kept," ari!i .in
d'ue time he took it out and signed it; and
-my friend complimented the Governor in; that
connection by staging that he"was' a catmiifg
man. I raise no is'sue with my 'friend'' on:fhui
• branch of the subject,' and I do not think any
question can- arise- upon it. -I admit it ca'ti-
didly. But I propose further to ^how'thafto
say the least of it, accidental or otherwise, there
is a remarkable coincidence in that law and
the bill presented by riiy distinguished friend,
the Carpenter of the Senate, on this occasfen.
Now, let me read it. I quote from "the report
of the comniittee: -
"About the IDfch of November, Dibble d-ecide'd the
suit commenced by the lynch board in their favor,
and enjoined the Waroapth board, andom the same
day dismissed the suit in favor of the Warmofch
board against the Lynch board.
"Thereupon, GSovernor-Warmoth took from his safe
a bill which lia^ been passed by the Legislature ill
the previous spring, but never approved by hjm so
as to becoWe a law, and On the' 20th of November.
1872,gavfe it his approval. 1 -■ -
" This apt„ agprdved. November. 20, 1872; am<n&
other .things provides as follows: .. ■ ., . ;
* "Sec. 2. 'fie it further enacted (fteYXhat'five'peif-
.sons, to.be eledted by thesenate-from-'all political
paj-ties,'" , •. - . i , , ...
I invito the attention of the sSenate How-to
this language: 1 • '
*"That five person^, to be elected by the Senate from
all political parties, shall be the returning officers
for all the electionsiu the State, a majqrity of whom
shall constitute a quorum, and haye power to make
the returns of All-erections." In case of any Vacancy
by death, resignation, or otherwise, by either of f h<-
board, then the vacancy shall be filled by the residup
of the board of returning officers. The returning
officers shall, after each election, before entering on
their duties, take' and subscribe to the following
oath before a judge of the. supreme or any, district
coiirt: '
"I, A. B.; do solemly swe'ar (or affirm) "Jiiat I Will
faithfully and dilligently perform the duties of; ei-
turning officer as prescribed by law; that Lwill care-
fully and honestly canvass and compile, the state-
ments of the votes, and make a. true and covrerrt
return of the election: So help me God;'.' ■' > ' ■
To say the least of it, that is a very bittdin'g
oath, and shows clearly and- conclusively that
it was enacted in the very best of -faith.' " This
nails were driven and clenched as no inan
could have done except a cunning man. ' It
speaks for itself. Now I come to the bill of
my friend from Wisconsin ;• and this bill pre-
