1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
(3uce a bill (S. No. 1491) to provide for the
erection of a public building suitable for use
as a post office and other Government purposes
at Jersey City, New Jersey; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a,bill
(S. No 1492) for the relief of the heirs of
Henry Pullenweider, deceased ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
congressional library.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed, in considering the ques-
tion of new or other rooms or buildings for the use
of the Library, to consider the propriety of having
the same so constructed as from locality, architect-
ure, and design it shall be known and designated
""Washington Library Building," and be a fitting
monument to the Father of his Country.
modoc indian war.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and
hereby is, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of enlisting a company of Indian scouts to serve in
prosecuting the Modoc Indian war in Oregon.
army register.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of
the Army Register be printed for the use of the
Senate.
navy register.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the Navy
Register be printed for the use of the Senate.
the calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no further resolutions the consideration of the
Calendar is now in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
bill reported yesterday from the Committee on
Finance in regard to the remit taxes on alco-
hol used by scientific associations. It will
take but a moment to pass it.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will not
adopt this motion. We have got pretty well
through the Calendar now, and we can get
through it entirely this morning and to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the facts.
This bill is really passed for the benefit of the
scientific association of which Professor Agas-
siz is the head. It is a matter of historical
notoriety that he has gathered a large number
of specimens, and this bill merely aids in the
preservation and care of them.
Mr. PRATT. Is it upon the Calendar?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, at the heel of
the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT. It will be reached this morn-
ing or to-morrow morning, if we go on regu-
larly.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a House bill, and
will take but a moment.
Mr. PRATT. I think we had better reach
it in its order on the Calendar. There are a
great many bills reported from committees on
which I am serving that I am very anxious to
have considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion to
the Senate. I think it is one of those cases
where immediate action is required.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio inove-i to proceed to the im-
mediate consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
2620) to remit the excise tax upon alcohol
used by universities and colleges for scientific
purposes.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do insist that we ought to carry out the
order of the Senate in reference to the rule
for taking up the Calendar, instead of every
morning putting in some bill on the Calendar
ahead of others. If the Senator will only
wait until to-morrow this bill will be reached
in its regular course upon the Calendar; but
in every single instance in which a bill is thus
called up out of its turn, debate springs up in
the Senate on the motion which is made, and
time is wasted which, had it been properly
employed, would have brought us to the very
bill whose passage is sought. I hope the
motion will be voted down.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the appeal of the
Senator from Connecticut, I withdraw the mo-
tion, but I state that the reason I made it was
because of the pressing exigencies of the cir-
cumstances known, I think, to the Senator from
Connecticut.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn. The Calendar will now be con-
sidered in order.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 749.
Mr CAMERON. The first bill in order is
House bill No. 2797, in the order of business
No. 709, which was passed over yesterday,
and it is right that it should take the first
place on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Missouri is in order, how-
ever. He moves that the Senate postpone the
Calendar and proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust that we shall not
do that.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An objec-
tion does not carry it over.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is now in order under the rule which allows
the consideration of unobjected cases and lim-
its debate tofiveminut.es. The bill which was
under consideration yesterday at the expiration
of the morning hour is the first in order.
rents dub japanese government.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2797) providing for the payment to the
Government of Japan, from the indemnity
fund, the sum due on account of rents for
lands and buildings occupied by the diplomatic
and consular representatives of the United
States to Japan, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEWART. The second section of
the bill was objected to yesterday because it
made a continuous appropriation. There is
no objection to renting the necessary buildings
for a court-house and jail, and I therefore offer
an amendment which changes the form of the
section, authorizing the Secretary of State to
rent the buildings without making any appro-
priation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order to dispose of the amendment of the
committee first. There are amendments of
the Committee on Foreign Relations pending,
one of which has beeu disposed of, and the
other is now under consideration, being au
amendment to the second section of the bill,
which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section two, lines three and four, to
strike out the words " out of the income aris-
ing from the Japanese indemnity fund," and
to insert "out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated," and also in line
nine to strike out the words "legation build-
ing."
Mr. SHERMAN. If that bill raises the
question whether tins money is to be paid out
ot' the Japanese fund, or the Treasury proper,
I shall object to it.
Mr. STEWART. I have offered a substi-
tute for that section. I think the committee
have abandoned their amendment because it
interferes with the rule of not making a con-
tinuous appropriation, and we do not propose
to raise any such question by my amendment.
I do not think anybody will object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Nevada will
be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of State, through the minister
resident at Japan, be and he is hereby authorized
to rent, furnish, and keep suitable buildings, with
grounds appurtenant, in Yeddo or such other place
as he may designate for a court-house and jail, at
an annual cost not exceeding $5,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator offer this as a substitute for the
amendment of the committee?
Mr. STEWART. For the second section
of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on the amendment of the
committee to perfect the section, and then the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada will
be in order.
Mr. STEWART. Let the amendment of
the committee be voted down.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to hear the
original section read as reported by the com-
mittee.
The Chief Clerk. The second section, if
amended as recommended by the committee,
will read as follows:
That a sum not exceeding $5,000 per annum be,
and the same is hereby, authorized and directed to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be used to defray the expenses
of renting, furnishing, and keeping a suitable build-
ing, with grounds appurtenant, in Yeddo or such
other place in Japan as shall be approved by the
Secretary of State, for the use of the diplomatic
representative, as a court-house and jail, such ex-
penses to be subject to the allowanco and approval
of the Secretary of State.
Mr. THURMAN. The question I should
like to be informed about from the Committee
oti Foreign Relations, or any Senator who may
be able to give me the information, is whether
we have ever embarked in the business of pro-
viding court-houses and jails in foreign coun-
tries? The consuls of the United States have
certain judicial powers which are conferred
upon them by general law, extending to the
cases of American seamen and masters of ves-
sels ; and by several treaties between the
United States and foreign Powers, exclusive
jurisdiction is given to consuls or ministers of
the United States to try any American citizen
charged with certain offenses in those coun-
tries. But in regard to all of the consuls, or
very nearly all of them, certain judicial powers
are granted m respect especially to American
seamen. Now, if it is intended to set up a
court-bouse and a jail wherever we have a con-
sul, it strikes me that we are likely to have a
very large addition to the expenses of this
country. I do not know where it is to end.
It costs us a great deal of money to build court-
bouses in the United States. If we are to
build court houses and jails in foreign coun-
tries, or what is the same thing to rent them
at an expense like this, I do not know where
we are to stop, and unless there is some good
reason for this, I should hesitate about estab-
lishing such a precedent. I should like to be
informed in reference to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Ohio is mistaken in the supposi-
tion which he makes as to our consuls gener-
ally being clothed with judicial powers. I
think they are clothed with judicial powers only
in Japan, China, Turkey, and Egypt, and in
these four places they are clothed with am^le
judicial power to hold courts and try men for
capital and all other otfenses. These powers are
given to no other consuls but in these four
countries, and they are given by treaty in each
case. We have stipulated with those respect-
ive Powers that we will maintain a court there.
Now it is in evidence before the Committee on
Foreign Relations that there are periods of
time when there are quite a number of prisoners
