928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
confined there, and we can do nothing with
them except to rely upon the comity of the
Government of the country where the prison-
ers may be ; and this very bill is now providing
for what we have agreed to pay the Govern-
ment of Japan for accommodations they have
furnished.
The principle of this bill, therefore, cannot
be made to apply to any other than the four
countries named, and the committee believe
that it will be_economical; that we had better
do this thing in this way than to rely on other
Governments. I think we might perhaps better
adopt the English practice; and we might in
that way pay less for taking care of our own
prisoners. We ought certainly to take care of
our own prisoners in some way.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe this question
was up before the Committee on Commerce a
year or two ago, and they substantially con-
curred in this recommendation, if I remember
aright. I see this bill states this to be for the
use of the diplomatic representative. Now,
the consul is not a diplomatic representative.
It should be " for the use of the consular rep-
resentative." That is the only change which
I see is necessary. I understand that it is a
consular court, not a diplomatic court.
Mr. STEWART. The minister resident at
Japan has judicial powers, and this is for all
our courts in that country. The amendment
that I offered simply says " for a court-house
and jail." It does not say "for diplomatic
representatives."
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me suggest that at
Constantinople the law provided the consul
general shall perform the functions of minister,
and therefore the consul by law becomes our
minister. There is no secretary of legation
there.
Mr. CORBET 1'. I would suggest inserting
after the word "diplomatic" the words "and
consular" before " representatives." I pre-
sume there will be no objection to that, and
that will cover the point.
Mr. STEWART. The proposition of the
committee to make a perpetual appropriation
wa9 objected to yesterday, and by general con-
sent it was understood we should not violate
the rule by passing a law making a perpetual
appropriation. It was suggested then that an
amendment be drawn simply allowing the
Department to rent at a sum not exceeding
$5,000 a year, and then let it go into the
appropriation bill. So that the amendment 1
have offered does not. touch the question the
Senator from Oregon refers to.
Mr. PRATT. Is it in order to object to
the further consideration of this bill for the
purpose of going on with the Calendar of
unobjected cases?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is at any
time.
Mr. PRATT. Then I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill goes
over. The next bill will be read.
Mr. STEWART. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill,
and let us see if we cannot dispose of it now.
I think there is nothing further to be said.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust this bill will not
be objected to now, because it is important
that wo should settle these claims at once.
1 hey have been due for fourteen years to the
Japanese Government. We are acting shab-
bily, if I may apply such a word to the action
of the Government. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will withdraw the objection.
Mr. PRATT. If we can come to a vote I
am willing to withdraw the objection. We
have spent now^ about fifteen minutes in the
discussion of this bill, and made no progress
at all upon the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objec-
tion is withdrawn. The question is on the
amendment of the Committee on Foreign
Relations to the second section of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] as a substitute
for the second section.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish merely to say
that the statement made by the Senator from
Maine really confirms what 1 said myself,
that by certain treaties we had certain powers,
and acquired exclusive jurisdiction in those
countries with which we had made the treaties
over offenses committed by American citi-
zens. The Senator states that there are but
four such cases, that this is one of them, and
that the jurisdiction is much larger than that
general jurisdiction which our consuls have
in regard to matters concerning American
seamen, which will be found to be a general
jurisdiction that almost or quite all of our
consuls have. If this provision cannot be
carried any further as a precedent than the
four countries that are spoken of as being the
only cases where we have such treaties with
foreign Powers, which enlarge our jurisdiction
and take our citizens from under the jurisdic-
tion of the foreign country, then I see no
objection to its passage.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to have
the amendment reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read again.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out the second section of the bill, and
in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That tlio Secretary of State, through the minister
resident at Japan, be, and is hereby, authorized to
rent, furnish, and keep suitable buildings, with
grounds and appurtenances, in Yeddo, or such other
place as he may designate, for a court-house and
jail, at an annual cost not exceeding $5,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. I had an impression,
doubtless an erroneous one, that the ex-
penditures provided for in this bill included
the residence of the minister.
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then it would follow
that that is a separate item of expenditure. I
ask why it was not included in this bill.
Mr. STEWART. The committee objected
to including it, as some of them stated to me
on the floor, on the ground that it would be
exceptional to provide for one minister and not
for all. But as to the court house and jail,
the condition of these four countries is the
same, and they have based their legislation on
that.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me, and
that was my impression when the bill first
came under my notice, that the limit of $5,000
a year for a court-house and jail in that coun-
try is too great. I certainly know of nothing
in the rate of chargcs in Japan which would
warrant the idea that so large a limit was
necessary to enable us to get a proper court-
house and jail there. That we must have a
court-house and jail of our own in Japan I do
not doubt. The system which we have with
Japan is a part of a system which is limited to
certain nations of the world. It exists with
them, as between .them and us, for obvious
reasons. There is a necessity, in our dealings
with them, for a mode of conducting contro-
versies or punishing criminals that does not
exist in regard to other nations of the world.
What I mean will be understood without
further explanation.
But I repeat, that it seems to me that $5,000
is a large limit. I do not know why it will not
be much better for us to take a portion of the
Japanese indemnity fund, and expend it in
owning a court-house and jail for ourselves, or
the ground on which they stand, provided that
can be done in accordance with the laws and
usages of Japan. Five thousand dollars a year
is a rack-rent, and one which a Power like the
United States ought not to pay.
I make these remarks, not for the purpose
of obstructing the passage of the bill, but in
the hope that the Senator from Pennsylvania,
the chairman of the committee, will concur in
them,^ and offer some amendment reducing
that limit. I think it ought not to be more
than three or four thousand dollars, and I pre-
fer much that we should own the court-house
and jail for ourselves to being a tenant of any-
body.
Let me observe, sir, what do we know as to
the customs of the Japanese in regard to that
kind of tenure? If there is such a thing as a
tenancy there, how do we know that the United
States may not be turned out of the court-house
and jail at a moment's notice? I think the
only safe course, and certainly the more dig-
nified course, is for us to have a court-house
and jail of our own.
Mr. CAMERON. , The Senator from Cali-
fornia will remember, if he taxes his mem-
ory a little, that a year ago the minister now
residing in Japan was here, and this bill was
brought before the committee at his instance,
and after consultation with him the price was
fixed. It is known to all those who have
thought about the subject that it is neces-
sary in all these semi-civilized countries to
have prisons of our own. Our sailors are
sometimes unruly abroad, and so are some
of our other citizens. They are tried there
under our own laws. If they have to go into
the prisons of those countries, they have to go
into a prison which is a sure death to them.
In no other part of the world, except perhaps
England, are the prisons so much humanized
in their form and shape and administration
as in this country. To go to prison in Japan
is to go to death; and whether the cost be four
or five thousand dollars a year I do not think
of any account, especially when the minister,
who we suppose ought to know what he is talk-
ing about, says that sum is necessary.
The Senator will also remember that when
the Government of Japan first made a treaty
with the western nations it set apart a certain
tract of land for the use of the Government of
the United States, one for the Government
of England, one for the Government of France,
and one for the Government of Prussia. Four
separate tracts of land at Yeddo have been
appropriated for the use of those four Govern-
ments. 1 do not care so much about this
latter section as I do about the first. 'We have
occupied their land for fourteen years without
paying them a cent, and the first section, which
the Senator has approved of, pays the sum of
money due the Japanese Government on that
account. This last section provides for the
future. The difference between the original
bill and the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Nevada is only this, that the ori-
ginal bill makes a permanent appropriation,
and the amendment makes no appropriation
at all, so that we shall every year have a con-
test about this thing if you adopt the amend-
ment. In the other case it is left to the State
Department, who certainly will be better in-
formed than we can be upon this subject. I
trust we shall pass the bill without any further
delay.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not know that I
rise to oppose this bill, but I agree with my
distinguished friend from California that it is
much better for this Government to purchase
the ground and put up the building they need
than to be paying rent and holding property
in Japan under a tenure ihe nature of which
we do not know. Nearly all the great Powers
of Europe own the property and houses occu-
pied by their legations in other countries. The
empire of Austria and the Russian empire
both own houses for their legations in Rome,
as I happen to know; and many of them own
houses for their legations in Paris, and it is a
very common thing for property to be bought
by a Government for s.uch purposes. The rea-
son of it is that where the legation is going to
be permanent, it is much cheaper, much
better, much more dignified and proper. The
flag makes the property on which it rests extra-
territorial. Property purchased abroad by us
f°r< such purposes becomes a part of the
United States, by the law of nations, the
instant we purchase it; and if it is to be ours
