1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
929
at all, it ought to be our own entirely and not
be rented from any foreign Government by a
tenure, as I say, of which we know nothing.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise for the pur-
pose of discussing that question. There is
another question raised in this bill. This is a
bill " providing for the payment to the Gov-
ernment of Japan from the indemnity fund
the sum due on account of rents for land and
buildings occupied by the diplomatic and con-
sular representatives of the United States to
Japan, and for other purposes." This is a
bill to pay this out of the Japanese indemnity
fund.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will allow
Mr. STOCKTON. I would allow the Sen-
ator if I thought he was not going to explain
precisely what 1 am coming to.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mi% STOCKTON. This is a bill to pay out
of th« Japanese indemnity fund this sum of
money, which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Senator
from Pennsylvania, has reported it so amended
that the money is now to be paid out of the
United States Treasury, so that the first ques-
tion that comes before the Senate is whether
this money shall be paid out of the Japanese
indemnity fund or shall be paid out of the
United States Treasury, precisely the question
that was raised by that committee when the
Wyoming bill was before the Senate and which
stopped the passage of the Wyoming bill when
it was perfectly well known that there was
hardly a dissenting voice to that bill in the
Senate. When 1 urged upon that Senator and
upon the Senate the impropriety of delaying
that bill by referring it to another committee
than that which had reported it, the answer
was made that until the Committee on Foreign
Relations decided what, should be done with
the Japanese indemnity fund the question
ought not to be raised, for they might propose
to give it back to the Japanese Government.
Now you propose to pay this out of the
Treasury, and then you pass a vote of your
committee to hand back the fund, which has
got to be now some $800 000, with the accrued
interest, to the Japanese Government. Doyou
propose to keep these Wyoming people and
the Ta-Kiang people—the men who won the
money, the men for whom the treaty was made
and the widows of those who were killed in
that action by reasou of which this fund was
obtained, and it is so stated in the treaty—do
you propose to keep them waiting in this way?
You cannot bring us a report of what you want
done with the Japanese indemnity fund, but
you can bring in a bill to take part of that fund
to pay a small sum we owe to Japan, and
when that is referred to your committee you
can alter that bill and bring it before the Sen-
ate and try to waive the point.
Mr. President, I do not want the point
waived. This is a bill to take this money out
of the Japanese indemnity fund, and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations report that they
want it amended so that the money shall come
out of the Treasury. That is the amendment
that the Senator from Pennsylvania proposed
to the Wyoming bill. Instead of taking that
money out of the Japanese indemnity fund,
he asked me to submit to an amendment
which he offered himself to take it out of the
Treasury, and said that if that were done he
would have no further opposition to the bill.
That was the question which was then before
the Senate, and the result as to the Wyoming
bill was to refer it to a committee, or at least
to stay its passage after it had been before the
Senate for two or three years.
Now, I insist upon it that it is no more im-
portant to pay $6,000, or whatever the sum
may be, to the Japanese Government at this
time, before you decide the question of the
Japanese indemnity fund, than it is to see jus-
tice done to this Wyoming claim which
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 59.
you will tell us in the course of a year or two
has grown old and stale.
As I said before, I have no opposition to make
to this bill. I would rather see it in the form
the Senator from California suggests, to take
the money and purchase the ground. That
is cheaper, and better, and wiser. But I have
great objection that fish shall be made of one
of these bills and flesh of the other. I think
that we have a right to have a report from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and to know
what is going to be done with that fund, so
that we shall know whether we are to go to
the Treasury of the United States and ask for
money there, or go to that fund for the crew
of the Wyoming and their widows and orphans.
We have a right to know that quite as soon as
the gentlemen interested in this bill have a
right to have that question decided on the
amendment here proposed by the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from
New Jersey had allowed me to make my ex-
planation he would have saved himself some
trouble, and he would not have said some
things which prove his ignorance of the sub-
ject. In the first place, we cannot buy land
in Japan, and the Senator, having been a min-
ister abroad, should have known that fact. All
the laud there is held by the Government.
There are no sales there. This land, as I have
stated, was set apart when the Government of
Japan first made a treaty with the western
Powers, as a special favor, and a favor which
the western Powers were very glad to receive.
They have agreed that the Government of
France, the Government of England, the Gov-
ernment of Prussia, and the Government of
the United States shall each have enough land
for the residence of their ministers and con-
suls, and to carry on the transactions confided
to them by the laws of their different Govern-
ments.
The Wyoming case lias nothing at all to
do with this bill. It is a different subject, and
the Senator was unjust to the Committee on
Foreign Relations in making the remarks that
he did. The Committee on Foreign Relations
received this bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and they struck out of the bill as it
came from the House all that they asked to
have stricken out of the bill in the case of the
Wyoming. We think it is more becoming the
dignity of a great Government like ours that
we should pay tor these things out of the Treas-
ury of the United States rather than take the
I money out of this fund at which everybody is
| grabbing. If that fund is to be given to all
, the people who come here asking for a portion
of it, without reference to the principle upon
which the fund was received, and without refer-
ence to the justice or injustice of giviug it back
to Japan, everybody will be grabbing at it, and
a great many grabbers will get that to which
they are not entitled.
I greatly prefer that in all such questions as
this we shall act plainly, so that everybody
can understand our action, that every dollar
appropriated shall be paid directly out of the
Treasury, and let ail side questions be dis-
posed of according to their merits. It is but
fair that we should pay the Government of
Japan for the land which we have occupied for
fourteen years without giving them a cent for
it. We have not paid it because there was no
appropriation made, no law for it. That is
provided for in the first section of the bill.
The second section, as I said some time ago,
provides for the future. I do not care par-
ticularly whether we take the bill as it catne
from the House or whether we take the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada; but if we
take the bill as it came from the House we
shall have no more trouble there. The time
is passing rapidly when this money ought to
have been paid. We have had several com-
munications from the State Department telling
us that appeals have been made to that Depart-
ment by the embassador from Japan asking
why this small sum to us of $5,000 or $6,000,
which has been accumulating for fourteen
years, has not been paid to them. I have too
much pride as an American citizen to let any-
body come here to beg any sum of money,
and especially a pittance, from the Govern-
ment of which I am a part.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday,
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
Mr. STEWART. If there be no further
debate, I ask that by unanimous consent the
vote be taken on the pending bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent
that the pendnl^ order be laid aside inform-
ally for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of the bill under discussion.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to make
a few remarks in reply to my friend from
Pennsylvania
Mr. STEWART. I beg my friend not to
do so.
Mr. STOCKTON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection? The Chair hears no objection.
House bill No. 2797 is still before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr CASSERLY. I suppose that does not
exclude an amendment to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the sum ought
to be limited to $4,000, and the period to two
years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must call for
the regular order if this is to lead to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine calls for the regular order,
which is the appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMERON. No ; it is the French
spoliation bill.
I'he PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business takes precedence in the special
orders, and the French spoliation bill is super-
seded by the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senate will remem-
ber that two weeks ago this day was fixed for
the consideration of the French spoliation bill,
and I therefore move, in accordance with that
agreement, that the bill now before the Senate
be postponed, for the purpose of taking up the
French spoliation bill.
Mr. COLE. I must remind the Senatorthat
that was not exactly the agreement in which
all parties acquiesced. A special reservation
was made at that time in favor of any pend-
ing appropriation bill, and there is one now
pending.
Mr. SlORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will not feel it his duty
to interpose his motion in the present condition
of this hill. This bill will be disposed of, I
trust, in a few hours. I appeal to the Senator
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I will agree to forego
what I think is my right, until this bill is dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Pennsylvania withdraws his motion, and
the appropriation bill is before the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
of the Senate authorizing the Committee on
Enrolled Bills to correct an error in the en-
rolled bill (S. No. 161) for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of the salt works
near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the
orders of Major General Carlos Buell.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
