1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
walk upon it now by any means. There is
nothing to rely upon. They are at sea with-
out compass or rudder. What will they
drift upon? I think politically they are in
a maelstrom of destruction, moving on as
fast as time will permit, and it is only a matter
of time. I will tell you the difficulties that
arise in the State of Louisiana. Many good
Senators are troubled about them; I say '' good
Senators" because there is not one in this
Senate that I would not call good. I love
them every one as individuals and genial com-
panions ; but mind you, you give the Dem-
ocracy power by this bill, whenever it comes to
appointing registrars of election in Louisiana.
It they have the power, they will not be simple
enough to divide with you; they will put
in all Democrats ; and I think they will be
right in doing so.
What, sir 1 are we to be told as we have been
to-day, rebuked and admonished, that it will
not do to have registrars who are all Repub-
licans, that the day has arrived when we must
act honestly, thereby delivering ourselves up
just as my distinguished friend from Georgia
is disposed to do, and surrendering everything?
Said he, "Let us give up and have peace, for
mercy's sake." It is a poor idea, so far as I
am concerned, to talk to me about peace by
surrendering everything we have. What is
the protection for the colored man that I have
heard so much spoken of to-day, and very in-
geniously, too, and about as sincerely. It
reminded me of a dialogue that occurred
between Brother Jonathan and Johnny Bull,
growing out of the war of 1812. They came
together and had a little dialogue on that sub-
ject, and Brother Jonathan told Johnny that
he did not like the political atmosphere ; he
thought he was touching him rather tightly by
the way of impressing him, &c. "Stop,
stop," says Johnny, "1 am only striking at
Bonaparte, but I do not wish to strike you ;
but if I do so, take it quietly, there is no bad
intent in it. I am only after my enemy."
"Ah," but says Jonathan, "that does not ex-
actly suit me; there is another little matter
that I do not understand ; I do not think it
is so." "Why," says Johnny Bull, "I assure
you, sir, that it is so; I have got the testi-
mony"—just such testimony as they have
arrayed here in this case; and what is that?
Why, they are the friends of the colored
man? How do they prove it? They have said
it a thousand times, and therefore it must be
so. They have said it, but they do not do
much to show the fact; it is all in declara-
tion, "I have said it a thousand times, and
therefore it is true beyond a doubt." That ia
all you have here. That will not answer.
That logic will not do. I tell you now, the
question is clear and unmistakable that when-
ever this election comes off the Democrats
have got the money, they can place registrars
all through the State, as they have doue ; they
can get up any issue that is necessary, even it
it requires bleeding, and when they have done
so, what tribunal under the sun is there to
arraign them and make them plead to it ? It
does not exist. The pledge of the United
States courts is given. They have decided,
and the Government has sustained them ; but
there is a higher power, the Congress of the
United States, that is appealed to by the Dem-
ocracy, and there they succeed, it seems.
Then Democracy is crowned. Crown Dem-
ocracy, and what becomes of the colored man ?
He is lost.
Mr. President, this is a sad picture. I pray
most earnestly that it never will be realized,
but will stand forth in bold relief for itself. I
declare to you upon this occasion that if Louis-
iana comes out of the fiery ordeal, and is able
to declare to the world that she is stiil Repub-
lican, most remarkable to me will it be.
Again, I want to compliment my friend
from Georgia. What has Georgia done re-
cently politically? The most recent act that
I can point to is given us in the election of
42d Cost}. 3d Sess,—No. ll'J.
Alexander II. Stephens ; but let that go for
what it is worth. Georgia opened the ball be-
fore the great presidential election came on.
What did she do then ? Then she was the friend
of Republicanism, not that she endeavored to
be, but she overreached herself. She turned
up eighty thousand majority for the Democracy.
Every honest man North knew that that could
not be real. Fraud beyond a question, intimi-
dation, everything that is known to Pandora's
box, must have been to a great extent restarted
to, or that eighty thousand majority would never
have been filed. That satisfied the great North
what was going on there ; and Georgia, instead
of doing the Republican party an injury, was
one of the grandest levers in the election of
President Grant. Again they overreached
themselves and I am afraid that the Repub-
lican party now are overreaching themselves,
particularly when they come up so candidly
and say it is absolutely time that they should
turn honest. That I think will injure them
very much. What was charged in the last elec-
tion ? I will not undertake to raise an issue
on this branch of the subject; but perhaps
they were not believed to be so very honest,
as it seems my friend from Wisconsin is very
well aware of; others of us, who are spec-
ulating, perhaps have arrived at the same
conclusion. Were we then insincere? Is it
established that the great Republican party
are dishonest? What was said in regard to
Blanton Duncan, the great leading Demo-
cratic spirit in Kentucky, a high-toned gentle-
man who assembled six hundred and four, I
believe, Democrats of the very first , worth
known to the Union, able representatives of
the Democratic party ? The cry was broadcast
among the Democracy that that whole conven-
tion had sold out; that Blanton Duncan had
absolutely received a pledge that some bill
should be gotten through for him for about
$50,000, or something of that nature.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend give way
for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Oh, yes; I am ready
at any time for that.
Mr. MORTON, (at three o'clock and thirty-
five minutes a. m. Friday.) Mr. President, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I call for
the reading of the testimony in this case.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought the Senator from
Texas had the floor.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator yield for
that purpose ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ED"MUNDS. I object to the reading
of the testimony.
Mr. MORTON. Does one objection pre-
vent it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rules provide that
when a paper of this character is to be read
the question shall be decided without debate.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have not yielded the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F^rry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair will put
the question, which is not debatable; it is
whether the testimony shall be read.
The question was decided in the negative.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I was
suggesting a point, or trying to approximate
to one as close as I could, that as soon as the
idea was received abroad through the country
that the great Republican party was a dishon-
est one, here would come in the Democrats
like pigeons, they would just pour in in large
thousands and sweep everything before them,
all free and easy. That is the very strongest
lever they could possibly have accommodated
us with. Thus we progress. My friend from
Wisconsin suggests that we are going to be-
come honest. Why, great God, where are we
to go for honesty ? To the broken-down Dem-
ocracy 'I Surely not to that quarter; we should
rather go for that quality vice versa. Are we
to have a general mingling of the waters of
all parties, consonant and germane—a word
that is frequently used here in our little word-
struggle; but the bill of my distinguished
friend which is presented to the American
Congress on the present occasion is on the
idea that you must look to all parties, that
the Republican party cannot rely upou her
members, that she must go into the Dem-
ocratic ranks just as it was proposed to do
and as they did before the last presidential
election. The great Democratic party then
had no candidate, not one that was able to lead
them to the political fight and they had to
come into the Republican party; there they
found liberality, they got a Liberal Republican,
buthe wasnotvery liberally indorsed,and there-
fore the word " liberal" to-day is almost like
the word "conservative." Where can you
find the one or the other ? Do you find any
political gentleman spoken of as a Conservative
or as a Liberal ? Why they are all Democrats
again, just as I declared in the Senate some
months ago would be the result.
What will they try next ? Anything to beat
the Republican party. That is what they will
do. But if the Republican party -choose to
beat themselves, very well. Did Senators
listen to what was said by one of the most dis-
tinguished Democrats we have iu the Senate,
and not only in the Senate but in the nation,
and if there be a Democrat in the-nation £
would support, I declare most solemnly here
to-day that he is the man I would vote for for
President of the United States. He is a ikir
man always, and whenever he has been
tried in the Senate Chamber I have always
arrived at that conclusion ; aad I love to study
men, though I have made very poor progress
in discussing this subject this evening. I
allude to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thur-
MAN.]
It struck me to- day that he was a little like a
horse on a frosty morning. The collar wag very
cold, he could not pull against it; no sir, the
trouble was too much candor. [Laughter.] He
led offbriefiy. His distinguished Liberal friend,
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
ready on that occasion as he always is to aid
his friends when they are alittle out of latitude,
called his attention directly to the fact, " it is
thus and so; do not get away too fast; do not
declare too much because when you do we
cannot very readily get you out of this pit;
now look at this thing; the reason is thus aad
so.'' With all this my friend over the way from
Ohio was not very well satisfied ; he just sim-
ply subsided and seemed to say, " Oh, this is
working well enough; the Republicans are
doing our work; foolish we would be if we
were to endeavor to do anything now; we
might make them all look the same way and
prejudice our cause; they are doing it all for
us. We have got a great Carpenter of the
Senate. He will manufacture us a most mag-
nificent building out of this rough material got
up by the cunning Governor. " And thus we
have progressed, and it is now just exactly four
o'clock in the morning, and I will drop the
subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on theamendment of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. I am paired with
my colleague, [Mr. Spencer.] I should vote
"yea" if at liberty to do so, and he should
vote " nay.''
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea3 16, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Davis,
Hamilton of Maryland, Kill. Johnston. Kelly. Mit-
chell, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Stevenson,
Stockton. Thurnua, and Trumbull—16.
NxiYS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Carpenter,
Clayton. Oookling, Corbett. Cragin. Kdmurds,
Ferry of Michigan, .Flanagan, Frelmgh uyseu. Gi• -
bert, Hamiiii, H «rlan, Ilwwe, Logan, Osborn, Ra.u-
sey, Sawyer. Seliur?. Sherman, Spiague, Sfcewar:,
West, ami Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
