1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
cinct," the section shall read: " that each
parish of said State shall constitute a separate
election precinct." I should add, " except
the parish of Orleans." That ia excepted in
other parts of the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER,. I hope that the amend-
ment will not prevail. This hill has been care-
fully considered and as carefully prepared as
we could possibly prepare it; and to enter to-
night into an amendment of its details and
especially to adopt the amendment now pro-
posed, would in myjudgmentputitinthe power
of Governor Kellogg to do just exactly what
he charges Governor Warmoth with having
done in the last election. My purpose in this
thing, and I know the purpose of the Senate,
is to have a perfectly impartial election; and
then whether it go Republican or Democratic,
we do not care a fig, so that the whole country
can see that the thing was done thoroughly
honestly.
Mr. WEST. Let me ask the Senator from
Wisconsin what particle of power the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana, Governor Kellogg, as you
have declared him, has under this bill? What
has he to do with the election? Whom does
he appoint? The judge of your circuit court
does it ail. He has nothing to do with it at
all. He merely sits there exercising the func-
tions of Governor in the administration of the
affairs of Louisiana, and he has nothing to do
with this election now. The Senator from
Wisconsin does not remember that he pro
poses by this section of the bill to change the
lines of the election precincts entirely as they
have hitherto prevailed in the State of Louis-
iana. Now under our election laws a man
can vote in any part of his parish; there are
so many polling places it makes no difference
whether he lives fifty miles down in the lower
part, of the pariah and happens to be in the
upper part, he has the opportunity to vote
there. I am surprised to hear the Senator
say that this thing throws the matter into the
handp of Governor Kellogg, and that it is not
proposed thereby to have a fair election. I will
go with him for, and have always been in favor
of fair elections in Louisiana. The trouble
is that we have not had them. Now, if you
do this, you will so confuse the voting popula-
tion there that you cannot l^ve a fair election.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. MORTON. I listened to the remarks
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
and I do not see how he has avoided the in-
consistency of which he spoke. It is true he
leaves out the declaration that the election
■was null and void, but if the election was
not void, if there was an election there it is
clear that there is no ground for this bill
any way. He assumes the very thing in sub-
stance that he arrives at. It is a mere change
of words without any change of meaning and
without any change of fact. The bill, after
all, means the same thing, that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall undertake to
reconstruct the State of Louisiana, to over-
turn a State election, overturn the decision of
her State tribunals, overrule our own con-
struction of her laws, and require her to have
a new election in the month of May. It does
not relieve the precedent from its dangerous
character in any particular. It is saying' to
every State in tliis Union, it is saying for the
future that whenever there is fraud arising
under a State law and it suits us to recon-
struct and overturn the State government, we
will do it and we will take the chances of a
new election.
In New York in 1868 the election was car-
ried by fraud. It was well known that there
were some thirty thousand illegal votes pollfd
in the city of New York. 1 believe Mr.
Greeley, after a very careful computation, put
it down at over thirty thousand but nobody
supposed that we ought to interfere with the
affairs of New York on that account. Gov-
ernor Hoffman was counted in by the legal
returning board on those fraudulent returns,
notoriously fraudulent, and exciting the con-
demnation of the nation at that time, more
than Louisiana affairs have a great deal; but
nobody thought of interfering with Governor
Hoffman or with the officers and Legislature
elected at the same time. It was a matter
arising under the State laws, atid it was left
to the State tribunals, and it was better for the
peace of New York and better for the nation
that it was so left, and New York has regen-
erated herself. Time passed on, and the peo-
ple of New York have asserted their rights,
and the very fact of what was done in 1868 ex-
cited such indignation as to have swept away
the wrong and swept away the foul combina-
tion that brought about the result. Let us do
as we did then. Let us leave these questions
to be settled under their own laws. It will be
time enough for us to interfere when there is a
real necessity.
Now there is none. It is purely theoretical.
We are going out to redress a wrong arising
under State laws. We are saying that the
supreme court of Louisiana did not decide cor-
rectly, that the returning board acted without
proper evidence, and we will review it, we will
go behind it, and we will tear it all up: and
what can be done in Louisiana can be done in
Maine or Massachusetts, whenever the time
comes, and when there is another party in
power here we shall furnish an excuse for it,
and it will take a less flagrant case next time
than it did this, and a still less flagrant case the
third time until it shall come to be considered
that the State governments are mere things in
the hands of the Congress of the United States,
to be overturned whenever it suits our conven-
ience or pleasure upon any Dretense whatever.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, of the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. West.]
Mr. CARPENTER called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 30: as follows:
TEAS —Messrs. Boreman. Chandler. Clayton,
Conkling, Flanagan, Gilbert, Harlan, Morton, Os-
born, Ramsey, Sawyer, and West—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Cooeer, Corbett. Cragin, Davis, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamiin, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Keily,
Logan. Machen, Norwood, Ransom, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sprague. Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thur-
man. Trumbull, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Amos, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron. Cole, Fen ton,
Ferry of Connecticut. Goldthwaite, Hamilton oi
I'exas, Hitchcock, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Isye, Parterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt.,
Rice, Robertson,Saulsbury, Scoti. Spencer, Sumner,
Tipton, Viekers. Wmdom, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. THURMA N. Is that on concurring in
the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Howe?J
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is, and on that ques-
tion I ask t'ov the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. We havehad the yeas and
nays on it once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want it again.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this is
a most extraordinary amendment which has
been adopted, and adopted by the vote of the
representative of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections after writing a report embracing
the views of a majority of that committee, in
which it is said :
"But for the unjustifiable interference of Judge
Iturell. m hotcorders were executed by United Staies
troops, tho canvass made by the De Feriet bottrd,
and promuisated by the Governor, declaring. Me-
Eaery to have been elected Governor, &c., and also
declaring who had been elected to the Legislature,
would have been acquiesced in by the people, and
that government would have entered quietly upon
the exercise of the sovereign power of the State."
This report also states that the Kellogg gov-
ernment, which has thus been set up by the
unwarrantable interference of Judge Durell
backed by United States tro.ops, cannot exist
ten days or an hour if it was not supported by
Federal troops; and after stating these facts
to the Senate, that this is a government of
usurpation, we now find the gentleman voting
to sustain the usurpers in authority.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not in voting for
this amednment place the slightest validity on
that election. I think Congress in proceeding
to set up a republican form of government
might send a military commander there to
keep the peace and to act as Governor under
the laws of that State, as far as they could be
applied while the United States were holding
election there. This act says Mr. Kellogg, not
because he was elected, but because we choose
to give him that authority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is a very singu-
lar selection for the Senator to make of the
person who is set up as a usurper, to hold
control.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is nothing in
the report that questions the conduct of Mr.
Kellogg in this matter at all, or charges him
with having done anything improper. We
may as well send Mr. Kellogg there in the in-
terim as to send any other man there. We
send him there with the authority of this act
of Congress, not by virtue of any election by
the people
Mr. TRUMBULL. This recognizes the
government of Kellogg. It is not simply send-
ing Mr. Kellogg there; the Senator from Wis-
consin cannot escape under any such sugges-
tion. This proposition proposes to recognize
that government which that Senator has de-
nounced as a usurping government set up by
bayonets and has said could not be held up
an hour without bayonets; and he proposes
to recognize it by his vote after that statement
made to the Senate.
Let us see how this is, Mr. President. The
honest truth may as well be told in regard to
this whole transaction. Let us go back ;o the
beginning and what does this record disclose ?
It discloses—and I shall not hesitate to call
things by their proper names—a conspiracy to
carry the State of Louisiana for a certain
party ; a conspiracy made up of Federal officers
having its headquarters in the custom-house at
New Orleans, and in close communication
with the authorities in the city of Washington.
It antedates the election. Before this elec-
tion was held more than thirty-thousand affi-
davits had been prepared in blank in the city
of New Orleans under the auspices of the
United States marshal; that marshal ap-
pointed deputies seventy days, as he states,
before the election. He had his special dep-
uties, all partisans, scattered all over the State
of Louisiana, paid out of the Federal Treasury,
many of them ; and it is no wonder that there
is a deficiency in the appropriation for judicial
purposes. These affidavits prepared to the ex-
tent of thirty thousand in advance were placed
in the hands of these employes of the Fedeial
Government to be used, in case tbey were de-
feated at the polls, to break down the election.
The election took place, the most quiet and.
peaceable ever occurring in the State of Louis-
iana according to the concurring testimony
of everybody. Over twenty thousand more
votes were polled than ever before in that
State, and after the election was over the
newspapers of all parties and the Republican
papers in the city of New Orleans said that
the colored people and the white people voted
side by side, that there was no complaint of
