932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
■what this great abuse is? It has been shown,
and we have acted upon that information.
Now, when we have thus excited the hopes of
the people for reform, and the whole country
is jubilant with praises of our patriotism and
economy, do riot let us turn, and thrust into
their faces the fact that, after all, when they
have asked bread we have given them a stone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
The amendment was agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 35, noes 11.
Mr. ROBERTSON. At the request of my
colleague [Mr. Sawyer] I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate refused
yesterday to increase the appropriation for the
Bureau of Education.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was rejected in committee. The bill is
now in the Senate, and the Senator can offer
that amendment without a reconsideration.
Mr. SAWYER. If my colleague will par-
don me, the amendment was not offered in
committee, but was offered in the Senate, and
the Senate refused to adopt it, and my col-
league has been kind enough to move a recon-
sideration of the vote by which they refused
to adopt it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order. It is moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment increasing the
appropriation for the Bureau of Education
was rejected.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland.^ If I under-
stand this proposition, it is to increase the
number of clerks in that Department.
Mr. SAWYER. I will concisely state what
the amendment is. I stated it yesterday very
briefly, but we had then only a thin Senate, or
I would not have asked to have the vote recon-
sidered.
The Secretary of the Interior recommends
an additional appropriation for increased force
in this bureau. The Commissioner of Educa-
tion tells us that the duties of his office have
very largely increased during the year. An
increase of about twenty per cent, in the small
appropriation made to that bureau is proposed
by the amendment which I have offered. It
involves the addition of the amount of $7,440,
to employ a messenger, a watchman, two
copyists, and two additional clerks. I trust
that this appropriation will me made. If it is
wise to maintain the Bureau of Education at
all, it is wise to maintain it with such force
that it can do the work which is expected of
it by the country, and it is certain that the
work now demanded of it, the work which is
daily increasing in interest to the country at
large and in value to the country at large, can-
not be done by the present force. I trust,
therefore, that there will be a full vote on this
question, and that the friends of the Bureau
of Education, and the friends of education
generally, whose interests are largely ad
vanced by the efforts of this bureau, will not
desert this motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this vote will
be reconsidered and the appropriation voted
unanimously. The Commissioner of Educa-
tion actually needs this small additional force.
He is a very able man, and has an immense
work on his hand, and I hope the Senate will
unanimously grant this small addition of $7,000
which he says is absolutely necessary to enable
him to carry on the bureau properly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I listened to the Sena-
tor from South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] just
now, as I did yesterday, in stating the reasons
for this increase. Yesterday he stated that
one of the new officers to be provided for by
this amendment was a librarian. I have for-
gotteu what the salary of the librarian is to be,
but I suppose eighteen hundred or two thou-
sand dollars. Now, Mr. President, a librarian
to the Commissioner of Education seems to
me about as useless an officer as can well be
imagined. The library of the Commissioner
of Education is not more that about two thou-
sand volumes iu extent, about the size of a
good law library. Why, Mr. President, when
I had a law library of even greater size than
that I never wanted any librarian to aid me
to take care of those books, or to find a book
for me when I wanted it,
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to correct the state-
ment that the library consists of only about
two thousand volumes. The library of this
bureau consists of between two and three thou-
sand bound volumes and some six or seven
thousand pamphlets, and that is the usual form
in which educational statistics and publica-
tions are issued. These works are required
for reference, and there should be somebody
to arrange them and index them.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, five or
six thousand pamphlets undoubtedly ought to
have a librarian at $2,000 a year or there-
abouts ! I know of no reason why five or six
thousand pamphlets should be allowed to
remain anywhere in any room of any Depart-
ment of this Government without having a
librarian to take care of them 1 I fear that, if
they have not, great injury to the cause of
education or to some other cause of great
moment to the country would follow!
Mr. President, I listened, as I said, very
attentively to the statement of the Senator
from South Carolina yesterday in regard to
this bureau. It was more in extenso than his
statement to-day. I do not yield to him or to
any other Senator in my interest in the great
cause of education. The danger always is
that under the guise of aiding a cause which
addresses itself to the heart and to the mind
of everybody, extravagance will creep in and
offices be created which it will be impossible
practically to get rid of.
I perhaps ought not to say it, but it appears
to me that wo had a very full discussion of
this amendment yesterday, and it was voted
down in a vote of forty-four Senators by
twenty-four against the amendment to twenty
for it. That is probably a larger vote in
numbers than the Senator is likely to get now.
If, as often as an amendment is voted down,
it is to be renewed at some subsequent stage
of this bill, I think there will be reason to
appreheud that the consumption of time upon
this bill will be largely increased.
Mr. SAWYER. I do uot wish to detain the
Senate on this point, but I would call to the
mind of the Senator from California that in
speaking about a person to take charge of the
books of the library of the Bureau of Educa-
tion I only alluded to it as one of the things
which it was necessary to have a clerk do. I
said that there were a great variety of services
there which were not provided for, and one
out of many of which was the case of the
library. I have no idea that one clerk at
$1,800 per annum, who is to be appointed
under this amendment, will have his time
devoted entirely to the care of the library;
but there is nobody there to do various things
to which I alluded yesterday in my remarks.
I simply brought that in incidentally. I have
no doubt it might be regarded as extravagant
to employ a librarian at $1,800 simply for the
care of the library and nothing else. But it
will be remembered that here, with a force oc-
cupying twelve rooms, there is but one single
person to do all the labor of a messenger, all
the ordinary care of the rooms, and every
thing of that sort. There is the large increase
of correspondence of the office to which I
referred yesterday, a very much largeramount
than heretofore of tabulated work, and it would
astonish some of the Senators on this floor
if they could see the amount of tables which
have been compiled in the interests of the
educational movements in this country there
within the last year, all of which goes to show
that there is need of more force.
I am well aware that my distinguished friend
from California has the interests of education
at heart; but he never has had the interests of
the Bureau of Education much at heart, if we
can judge of his acts by his conduct on this
floor, for I believe he has never said a kind
word of the Bureau of Education, or of its
work, but has always led the country to believe,
so far as he was able to state the object of ihat
bureau, that it was simply a machine to give
offices and to interfere with the rights of the
States.
Mr. President, I found the Bureau of Edu-
cation established when I came here. I attach
no special value to it as it was operated and
conducted the first two or three years of its
existence. Although it had at its head a dis-
tinguished gentleman who had done good ser-
vice in his own State, I did not think that he had
the special capacity to administer properly the
duties of that bureau as it was intended to be
when it was established bylaw. But since the
incumbency of the present Commissioner, ithas
done a work which is recognized as of value,
not simply in tbis country, but in every civil-
ized country, and a work which has stimulated
the cause of education and is constantly stim-
ulating efforts in the cause of education all
over the country. It is a work the value of
which is not yet fully recognized by my
friend from California, because he has not had
time to examine it throughly. He spent, I
remember, a large portion of the time when he
was speaking on the appropriation for the
Bureau of Education, a session or two since,
in disousssng some points m reference to a
report which he chose to criticise, and that the
first report issued by the Commissioner, made
under the stress of haste. With a vast amount
of material and a force altogether insufficient
to analyze and digest it, it was not strange that,
the report should not have been above criticism
by my somewhat hypercritical friend from
California. But, Mr, President, the work was
a good one ; the work is a good one ; it is being
done well in an efficient manner ; and unless
we wish to abolish the Bureau of Education
entirely, and say that we will have no ihore to do
with it, let us sustain it in such manner that it
can do effectively the work which the country
and which Congress has put upon it. I trust
that, notwithstanding there was a majority of
four against this amendment yesterday, the
"sober seQond thought" of the Senate will
secure its adoption to-day.
Mr. CASSKRLY. Mr. President, I do not
desire to prolong this debate ; and yet I do not
wish to be placed in a false position by the
Senator from South Carolina. That Senator
thinks that, though I am a friend of education,
1 am not a friend of the Bureau of Education.
I think it might very well be that a man might
be a friend of education, and yet not be a
friend of the Bureau of Education, as a man
might be very much in favor of a good admin-
istration of government and not bo in favor
of a particular administration of government.
The Senator also says that I have objected
to the bureau or the Commissioner ou 'the
ground that the bureau or the proceedings of
the officer at the head of it interfered with
the rights of the States. I have no recollec-
tion of having made any such objection. Cer-
tainly I never made any such objection as the
subject of any remarks of mine in this body:
I am too well aware of the preconceived ideas
of the majority here on that general topic, to
press it in regard to a question like that pre-
sented by the Bureau of Education. Neither
do I remember having ever spoken at any
length, or more than two or three minutes, iu
regard to the bureau or the Commissioner,
except on a single occasion, and then I took
up his volume and with that as my text I
addressed the Senate. I thought, sir, that vol-
ume spoke for itself. I think so still. I as-
sumed in all that I had to say that there was
no question of States rights before the Senate,
or presented by the report, or by the bureau
or its operations. Therefore the Senator is
wrong iu saying that I ever brought, a political
discussion of that or any other character into
