1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
any discussion of mine on the subject of the
bureau,
Mr. President, no reason has been given for
this great increase in the force of this bureau.
The Senator contents himself with saying that
its labors are increased. He has given us no
details; still less has he furnished us any
grounds for such increase. I do not doubt
that in thejudgment of the officer at the head
of the bureau there is eminent need for this
increase of clerks. If there is any one idea
to which the average official mind adheres
with immovable tenacity more than to an-
other, it is the idea that the particular Depart-
ment in charge of each officer is one which
requires an extension of its powers, and at all
events a great increase in its appropriations.
How often in the course of the longest expe-
rienced here has any Senator known of any
head of a bureau, or even of a Department,
coming here to Congress and asking that the
expenses of his Department might be reduced?
Why, sir, we have the greatest difficulty in
gettiug rid of the expenses uf war times, and
we had a striking instance of it yesterday,
when the chairman of one of our most leading
committees, one of the most distinguished
Senators here, among the longest in the ser-
vice, who is almost always reliable in his
devotion to economy, and I think always
means to be in favor of a just economy,
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] advo-
cated the retention of a system which allowed
the Secretary of the Treasury to disburse
twenty or thirty thousand dollars at his will
among certain officers in his Department; an
abuse, if I may be allowed to apply the ex-
pression, or a vice in administration, I will
say, which, from the statement of the Senator
himself, first arose during the war. And yet
we had the powerful influence of that Senator,
acting in entire good faith and from motives
of entire fidelity to the public interests, ex-
erted here yesterday agaiust an amendment
which terminated that system.
I say, then, that the great danger is in permit-
ting the creation of new offices. The presump-
tion is always against such a thing, and it is not
particularly true of the Bureau of Education
more than of any other bureau. The danger
is a little greater in regard to such a bureau as
that, because its powers are so undefined. I
do not say that by way of reproach. Of ne-
cessity they must be somewhat indefinite; but
because they are indefinite they should be
watched, I think, with a closer eye by Con-
gress, and any proposition to increase its ex-
penditures, and especially any propositions to
increase its officers, should be scrutinized with
great care An increase of expenditure is an
innocent fault, in comparison with an increase
of officials. You may reduce expenditures,
Mr. President, but who ever heard, except
after a great struggle and many pitched battles
in Congress, of a large reduction of officials in
any Department of this Government?
Mr. UOHBETT. Mr. President, I believe
I voted for this amendment yesterday ; but on
reflection it troubles me to know what is going
to be done with the documents issued by this
bureau after they are printed, in consequence
of the abolition of the franking privilege. If
these documents are to be printed, this addi-
tional force is required and perhaps even a
larger number. But what is to be done with
the volumes prepared by the Bureau of Edu-
cation after they are published? The same
objection applies in regard to the Agricultural
Department and other Departments which
issue public documents that heretofore have
been published by the Government and franked
bj the various members of Congress. It is
difficult for me to realize what is to become
of alt these documents. The new law will not
affect me, as it does not repeal the fraukiug
privilege until next July, and i have not the
honor of a seat in this body beyond the 4th
of March. I voted against the abolition of
the franking privilege because of the difficul-
ties I saw in the way of the distribution of the
public documents necessary-for the enlighten-
ment of the people.
The reports of our Bureau of Education,
among many other documents, are important
for the enlightenment of different portions of
the country where education heretofore has
been limited. If Congress had provided for
their distribution in any other manner, I
would have voted for the bill as it came from
the House whereby the Departments were to
pay the postage upon their documents for
public distribution; but that feature was
stricken out by the vote of the Senate, arid
you have actually abolished the franking priv-
ilege with regard to all public documents and
made no provision for paying postage on them.
It seems to me useless to increase the appro-
priations for the publication of these various
documents without any provision for their
distribution.
Many of these documents are very valuable.
In the section of country which I have the
honor in part to represent, the agricultural
report is sought for, and it is eminently useful
to our people. This educational report is also
useful. But without the means of distributing
them, I see no use for them. Certainly the
gentleman who is to succeed me has got to
bear a very heavy burden in paying postage
upon these documents, or else my constituents
will not have the benefit of them.
I desire to do whatever is for the benefit of
the public interest. To advance that interest
I have been placed in^my seat, and I mean to
vote as I think is for the best interest of the
people. I believe the judicious distribution
of our public documents has been of very
great benefit to the people and I desire to
provide for their continued distribution, and
for that reason I was opposed to the bill for
the abolition of the franking privilege as
amended in the Senate; and without some
provision for the payment of the postage on
these documents it seems to me that I cannot
vote for an increase of service, for an increase
of the number of documents, without adding a
provision for paying the postage on the same.
If the Senator from South Carolina-will also
offer an amendment making provision for the
payment of postage on the documents pre
pared by this bureau, then I am willing to
vote for this increased force necessary for the
compiling and preparing of the documents.
Otherwise I shall vote against it.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I do not see
any necessity for granting this additional appro-
priation of ยง7,000; first, on account of the
point that has just been made by the Senator
from Oregon, that it is not contemplated that
hereafter there shall be such a distribution of
valuable documents as we have had before;
and ill the next place, I never had any faith
whatever in the ability of this Bureau of Edu
cation at Washington city to be of one particle
of value to the educational interests of this coun-
try. I know, as you kuow, sir, that the charac-
ter of education in Massachusetts will always
result from the ability and fidelity of the peo-
ple of Massachusetts in their commou-school
system, in their academies, in their seminaries,
in their colleges, and in their universities; and
it is not to be supposed that in the next hun-
dred years a single emanation of light from a
statistical bureau in Washington city will ever
be of any utility or advantage to the system
of education established and perfected in the
State of Massachusetts. Whatever valuable
suggestion shall occur in any volume that shall
be sent out from this Bureau of Education
here in regard to education in Massachusetts
will be simply a compilation of facts that have
already been drawn from Massachusetts in the
workings of her system of education. You
can never make it anything more than a small
reservoir; it can never act beneficially upon
the States of this Union, and you treat.it with-
out one particle of consideration when you
legislate here in regard to the educational in-
terests of this country.
When y ou set apart a portion of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands for uses little
less than national, do you for a single moment
invoke the aid of this educational machine in
the city of Washington? Not for a moment.
You make your grants to the States to be ad-
ministered by the States for the benefit of
education in the States. You make it to the
institutions of learning under the control of
boards of education, without allowing it to be
trammeled with any of the suggestions of your
Bureau of Education at the capital of the
Government; and so it must be in all time to
come, that it can never rise to more than the
dignity of a bareau of educational statistics.
It is large enough for that now unless you can
lay under appropriation the best talent of this
country, the longest trained talent of this
country in education, and bring it here and
cause light on the subject of education to ra-
diate from this point, whereas the radiation
is to be to this point in order to educate
your Bureau of Education in Washington city.
Plainly, it is the cart before the horse. I
have been ready at all times to vote for its
abolitiou, believing that the educational inter-
ests of this country ought to be lefi with the
people of the country ; but when it becomes
necessary to throw abroad over the nations
of the earth the concentrated rays of light that
you have been able to gather from your State
systems of education, then concentrate them
here and spread them abroad. Do you pro-
pese to gather up those rays as reflected from
foreign Governments and disseminate them
in this country? Then I tell you that the
superintendent of education in Massachusetts
will have them under control; he will have
them systematized, and he will spread them
over the hamlets of Massachusetts before they
will be sent out from your Bureau of Edu-
cation in Washington city.
It is a farce, it is a humbug, it is a disgrace
to the system to undertake to make it concen-
trate here. You can no more do it than you
can make the center of the practical agricul-
ture of this nation on the barren plains that
surround this city. They are West, they are
North, theyare South, any place else than here.
Had I caught the smile of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] before this moment,
I would have made the point that he knows
that this Bureau of Education is of no utility
so far as education in the State of Pennsylva-
nia is concerned ; and he does know that if
they have caught up a crumb here and dissem-
inated it again, they have caught it up from the
institutions of the State of Pennsylvania. It
is large enough, therefore, to be a bureau for
the purpose of concentradug light here in a
statistical form, and it has accomplished its
object; it has grown to the magnitude that was
formerly anticipated for it, and it rests where
it properly belongs, a Bureau of Statistics,
soon to be transferred to the Statistical Bureau
in the Treasury Department, I hope.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I trust the
Senate will indulge me in one or two remarks
on this subject. I am in favor of the additional
appropriation disagreed to yesterday, in spite
of the objections which we have just heard
from the lips of the Senator from Nebraska
and from the mouth of the Senator from
Oregon.
I am not deterred from voting for it by the
objection urged by the Senator from Oregon,
because I believe, in spite of the .abolition of
the franking privilege, means will be found to
get to the people ot' the United States what-
ever of valuable information shall be published
by the Government hereafter touching any
branch of its service. I believe the people
of the country will get such reports as may
hereafter emanate from the Bureau of Educa-
tion, such as may emanate hereafter from the
