1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189S
Federal authority for four years. I think that
is all wrong. For the purpose of getting rid
of that, for the purpose of remitting the ques-
tion to the people again, for the purpose of
having an election there conducted with per-
fect honesty to all parties, I am willing to
throw over my views on this recital, and in-
stead of reciting the fact which is plain enough
from the enactment which follows, that that
election is void, I am willing to recite another
fact not, at all inconsistent with it, that that
election, which was held on the 4th of Novem-
ber, resulted in two organizations. That is
true ; the other was true. The one does not
impeach the other. By voting for this amend-
ment and amending the bill, I have good hope
of passing it. I have good hope, in other
words, to repeat what I said by admitting a
recital of what I regard an immaterial fact in
the body of the bill, to secure votes enough to
carry the bill and secure an election to the
people of that State.
Now, then, to this practical end, and for the
purpose of securing to the people of Louisiana
relief from four years of usurped government,
I am willing, by an act of Congress, if you
choose to put it in that form, to say that Mr.
Kellogg shall remain their Governor de facto
for four weeks. I would be willing that Gen-
eral Pope should go there and take military
command in that State, as a military depart-
ment, and preserve the peace for four weeks.
I would do anything by which I could accom-
plish what I believe ought to be done, and
that is, another election in that State which
will result, if it is honestly conducted, and I
believe this bill will insure that, in securing to
that people a government of their own choice ;
and whether it be Republican or Democratic
is a matter totally indifferent to me.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the
amendment which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin has incorporated in his bill will not secure
my vote. Under no circumstances will I ever
cast a vote to recognize a government which
1 believe is a fraud, and has been forced by
Federal power upon the people of Louisiana.
I dislike to trespass for a single moment
upon the attention of the Senate at this late
hour. It is fitting that such a measure, if it is
to pass at all, should pass at such an hour as
this. It should be in the darkness of the night
that this Senate should by solemn vote declare
that a government which has no legal existence
shall be the government of the people of Louis-
iana.
What a spectacle does the Government of
the United States present to-day to the people
of the world I By the report of the majority
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections
the government in Louisiana called the Kel-
logg governmentis denounced as a usurpation,
and yet the American Senate with that report
before us will to-night by their vote declare
that that government shall be continued over
the people of that State. That is the position
in which we stand before the world. With the
records of this Senate proclaiming that the
Kellogg government is a usurpation and a
fraud and a tyranny over the people of Louis-
iana, the Senate of the United States by the
vote just taken have virtually declared that
that government shall be perpetuated, that that
fraud shall be continued, that that people shall
lose their liberties and be placed under rulers
whom they have not chosen.
Mr. President, I think it is time we had
given up the name of a republic. Our liber-
ties are gone if the doctrines of this bill as it
now stands are to become the doctrines of the
American people. You had as well tear down j
the statue of liberty from the dome of your ;
Capitol; you had as well proclaim at once i
that the American Republic ceases to be a
republic, and has become a centralized power,
a despotism in name as well as in fact. And
this destruction of the liberty of the people j
of a State is to be consummated because the 1
Kellogg government has been set up and is
supported by the Federal Executive.
But, sir, there are a few of us here who do
not wear the collar of any man, whether it be
President Grant or any one else. I take it
upon me to say from the records contained in
this report that the President of the United
States, in connection with a Federal judge,
has forced the Kellogg government upon the
people of Louisiana; and let me throw oat the
suggestion whether that may not be the reason
whether some party consideration, as an ex-
cuse for the action of the Federal authorities,
may not have influenced votes on this occasion.
It is time to speak plainly; and, for one,
when I speak at all I speak as plainly as I can.
I do not wish to impute motives to any person
but at the same time it is my honest convic-
tion that if the President of the United States
had never recognized the Kellogg government
there would have been few gentlemen in the
Senate who would have beeu willing to recog-
nize it for a single hour.
What are the facts? The President in his
special message attributes the difficulties in
Louisiana to the frauds that were committed
in the election. I attribute it to a very differ-
ent thing. The President may be honest in
that opinion. He may honestly believe that
that is the cause of trouble in Louisiana, but I
believe, as firmly as I believe that I exist, that
the cause of trouble there to-day is the action
of the Federal authorities: first of a district
judge and then of the President in the recog-
nition of the Kellogg government.
There is where the trouble lies, and I
think the evidence contained in this re-
port shows that that is where it lies, because
but for the recognition of that Kellogg govern-
ment, the legal government, the government
fairly elected would have been acquiesced in as
the legitimate government by the people of
Louisiana to-day. This report says that the
Kellogg government could not stand ten days
without the support of Federal authority. If
that be true, long before this the people of
that State would have settled their own difficul-
ties ; but for the moral support which the Kel-
logg government derived from executive rec-
ognition it would have fallen from its own in-
herent weakness, or what is veryprobable, but
for assurances given in advance of such sup-
port it would not have been set up at all.
I do not propose to protract this debate;
but, Mr. President, I say that I honestly be-
lieve that the Kellogg government is not only
a fraud upon the people of Louisiana, is not
only an intolerable usurpation, a usurpation
that is a stigma upon the country, but I be-
lieve that the action of the American Senate
to-night will perpetuate that fraud, that usurp-
ation, upon the people of that State for four
years. I shall not vote for the bill reported
by the Senator from Wisconsin. I shall leave
the responsibility of this whole matter to rest
where it belongs.
I would haye voted for any fair proposition
to relieve the people of Louisiana from the
troubles and difficulties in which they find
themselves; but when you come and ask me
to recognize even for a single hour a govern-
ment which by the terms of this report is a
fraud upon the people, I say no ; never shall
my vote be given to recognise a government
that is forced upon a people by fraud and
usurpation. I will let it stand where it is.
The Republican party will have to take the
responsibility. It' the people of Louisiana
are to be without legal government, if they are
to live for four years under a usurping gov-
ernment, it will be the fault of the Republican
party, and for one, I shall insist upon it any-
where and everywhere that it is the ligitimate
offspring of the party which in. all its history
has disregarded the will of the people, and
trampled with impunity upon the rights of in-
dividuals and of sovereign States.
Mr. President, while the action of Judge
Durell and the recognition by the Federal
authority of the Kellogg government are the
primary causes of the troubles in Louisiana,
there is an ulterior cause to be found as I be-
lieve in the policy of the Republican party
which has forced upon the people of thi3 country
negro suffrage. I believe there is the secret,
the prime moving cause of all these troubles in
the South, and I believe, as firmly as I exist,
that it will be found, in the experience of this
country, that that potent cause of evil will pro-
duce a repetition in other States of what you
see in Louisiana to-day.
This is the first fruit; your harvest will be
ample. There was a great mistake made when
the Republican party, for the purpose of
strengthening itself, for the purpose of perpet-
uating its own power, sought to drag down the
white race to a level with the negro race, and
the history of this country will ultimately
prove it, and the judgment of its people will
ultimately reverse it, as I believe. For one,
I stand here and say, let others do as they
may, while I believe that the Almighty made
the race to which I belong superior to the
negro race, while I shall obey the law, yet
when I have the power legally to aid in over-
turning that doctrine I wiil do it. The true
interest of this country requires the supremacy
of the white race, and I say, quoting the lan-
guage of Lamartine on a memorable occasion,
"I place my bark upon the highest promon-
tory of the beach and wait the rising of the
tide to make it float."
That is the doctrine to which I believe the
country will ultimately come. It was the doc-
trine which the Democratic party in 1870 in-
scribed upon their banner, and under which
they ran up the number of their representa-
tives in the other House from about fifty-six to
one hundred and three. It is the fatal depart-
ure from that doctrine that has worked injury
to the Democratic party. When it returns to
its old love; when it again proclaims the
superiority of the white race over the colored
race, then will the banner of Democracy
once more float triumphantly in the breeze.
I have no unkind feeling toward the colored
people. I would not deprive them of the just
protection of the law in all that pertains to
life, liberty, and property. I would encour-
age them in all that will elevate them morally
and intellectually; but I would not confer
upon them an equality of privileges either
political or social with the white people of this
country.
For one, I have no concealment of my sen-
timents and opinions on this subject. I will
obey the law. I will do nothing to obstruct
or hinder any man, whether white or black,
from the exercise of every right which is con-
ferred upon him by law ; but as an American
citizen, it is my privilege to seek to reverse
that action in a legal manner which has made
the races politically equal, and whenever the
opportunity comes for me to do it, for one, I
say I shall not hesitate to do so, because I
believe that is the potent- cause and will prove
the lasting cause of trouble until it is done.
Mr. President, I see what is now to be the
result of this measure, either an election under
Federal auspices is to be held in Louisiana,
which will perpetuate the Kellogg government,
because ho is uow continued in power to con-
trol its operation, or else the matter must be
left with the President to perpetuate, by his
recognition and by his support, the usurping
government of Kellogg. For myself, I will
have nothing to do with it. I will leave this
question with the friends of the Administra-
tion. I will let them decide the question for
themselves, whether they wiil assume the
power under Federal law to hold an election
in the State of Louisiana, or whether they will
by executive power perpetuate for four years
a usurping government there. Either course
will perpetuate the usurpation. At the end
of the four years there wiil not be much of
