1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
of education can be well confided to the States.
I believe there is the great vita! energy with
which education is to be guarded, and I deny
the power of Congress to interfere with the
States in the management of the subject of
education. And yet I know that some of the
wisest men who have ever presided over this
Government have recommended educational
bureaus and national universities within the
District of Columbia, to be regulated by Con-
gress. I do not intend to go into that subject. I
only say that when neither the Interior nor the
Treasury Department, in their printed esti-
mates, which are brought before the Committee
on Appropriations, and to which the Commit-
tee on Appropriations look as guides in making
up the various appropriation bills, included
ihis item; when this increase is not recom-
mended by the proper Department, it is wrong
lor the Senate, when the bill is reported from
the committee, unless there has been an esti-
mate or unless some strong reason has been
given by the head of the Department, to inter-
fere by increasing the expenditures. If that
practice is indulged in we shall have no end
to it, and I am sure that there is no heail of a
bureau who does not think his particular
bureau of most importance, and requiring the
largest appropriation of any in this Govern-
ment. We must adhere to the estimates, and
we must see that those estimates are properly
based upon the necessities of the various
Departments.
It seems to me that $34,000 is ample for this
Bureau of Education, and I think I can safely
appeal to the experience of older Senators in
this Chamber to bear me out in the statement
that this thing never goes down, but is always
going up. Put in $7,000 this year by an in-
dependent amendment in the discussion of
the bill, not reported by the Committee on
Appropriations and not estimated for, and
next year you will have this precedent for in-
creasing the $42,000, if the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina prevails, to
S52,000, justupon hisground that the business
is amplifying, the labor is increasing, and
this Bureau of Education must become after
a while one of the great Departments of the
Government. I think it a bad precedent, and
as I voted in the committee so I shall vote
here. I hope that this question will be now
set at rest by the Senate refusing to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the Chair.) The question is
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
ulted—yeas, 27, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell. Cameron, Chandler, Conkting.Cragiu, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hamlin, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pool, Pratt. Ramsey. Sawyer, Schurz, Soott,
Spencer, Stewart, Wilson, and Windom—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair,Boreuaan, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Davis, FeDton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Gilbert. Goldthwaite, Hamilton ofMaryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Maohen,
Norwood, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury. Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Viekers. and Wright—'29.
ABSENT—Mes-rs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Clayton. Corbett, Harlan, Hill, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton. Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, and West—17.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have an amendment to
propose to line thirteen hundred and seventy-
seven. My experience has been that it is
much more difficult to decrease than to in-
crease appropriations. In view of the dis-
position manifested here this morning, and
the overwhelming vote in favor of the pro-
position of the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Windo.m] to strike out the $10,000 for tem-
porary clerks in the Post Office Department,
I propose, for the purpose of testing the sense
of the Senate as to whether they will go
beyond that, to strike out "seventy-one" in
line thirteen hundred and seventy-seven and
insert "sixty-hix," and then, to provide for
the necessary correction in the appropriation,
to strike out " eighty-five" and insert " sev-
enty-nine;"' so as to read, "sixty-six clerks
of class one, $79,200."
If this amendment shall be carried making
this reduction in the clerical force of class
one in the Post Office Department, it may be
followed up and should be followed up con-
sistently by making the same proportionate
reduction in the other clerks.
I am certainly justified in saying that if the
work and labor of the Post Office Department
is to be reduced to the extent contemplated
by abolishing the franking privilege, then we
have not sufficiently reduced the expenditures
of that Department by striking out the $10,000
alone. So far as the question goes as to the
propriety or impropriety of abolishing the
franking privilege, that is an act the Senate
has voted, the House has voted, and so far as
our action is concerned we have abolished
that privilege. We then take things as we
find them, and the question is, what shall we
do in reference to further reductions in the
expenses of the Government ?
My experience and observation have been
that our proceedings, like history, are con-
stantly repeating themselves, and while we
may from time to time dispense with labor
and with work, we are always disinclined to
reduce expenses in the same proportion. It
occurs to me that if the argument presented
this morning, and on which the Senate voted
so overwhelmingly, be true—and to it I have
heard no just exception or objection—it fol-
lows as a necessary consequence that it is
proper and right that we should make this
farther reduction. I therefore submit my
amendment as suggested, believing, as I do,
that it follows legitimately and properly the
action of the Senate already taken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate will
perceive now that we have a new class of
amendments. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom]
was to cutoff the surplus or additional clerks
not provided for otherwise by law. The Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Wright] now moves to
reduce the service as established by law, and
that without any recommendation from the De-
partment, or any information on the subject
whether it can properly be done or not. I
suggest that if we do that, we may go through
this bill on the same principle and strike down
in all directions, just where and just as any
gentleman takes it in his head to move. To
test the sense of the Senate on this question
of reducing the service of the country as it
is established by law, I move to lay this
amendment on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I askto have the amendment
reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line thirteen hundred and seventy-seven,
to strikeout " seventy-one" and insert ''sixty-
six and also tostrikeout "eighty-five" and
insert "seventy-nine so that the clause will
read : '• sixty-six clerks ofclassone, §79,200."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves to lay tins amendment on
the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 32, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan. Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Howe, Morrill of Maine. Pool, Sawyer, Scott, Spen-
cer, Sprague, and Stewart—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair. Caldwell. Cameron,
Casserly, Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston. Kelly, Maehen, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt. Ran-
som, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Viekers, Windom, and
Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Clayton, Cooper, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, West, and
Wilson—'22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me this is a
very irregular mode of proceedings in the way
of retrohenment. Simply because we have
abolished the franking privilege, therefore we
are now to cut and slash through this appropri-
ation bill, without any recommendation from
any quarter, without any estimate I apprehend,
at least so far as I have heard, as to how this is
to affect the clerks in the Department, or any-
thing of that sort. If we are goi ng to reorganize
the Post Office Department, I think that subject
had best be referred to a committee and the
facts gathered and some system about it re-
ported upon, in order that we may adopt it or
reject it advisedly.
Now, sir, we all here, I apprehend, except
the mover of the amendment, probably, are
voting in the dark about this business. Here
are a number of clerks provided for by statute,,
as I understand; and in an appropriation bill,
without recommendation, without any report
by a committee, we propose to strike down a
few of those clerks who have heretofore been
allowed to the Post Uffice Department. I did
not understand distinctly what the mover of
the motion said. He spoke in a low tone. It
may be that he gave us some good reason for
it; but all I could hear was that this was the
beginning of retrenchment. Sir, I think we
ought to retrench with our eyes open and with
some sort of understanding aboutit. I cannot
for myself see how we are now to vote to strike
out the appropriation for these clerks. We
do not thereby repeal the law providing for
the clerks, I apprehend, but we strike out
the appropriation, or reduce the appropria-
tion. It seems to me that this is an irregular
proceeding, and therefore I cannot vote piece-
meal in this way.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, we have
repeated here what we very frequently find
on these questions. When it is proposed to
reduce an appropriation we are at once met
with the suggestion, " These matters ought to
go to a committee, and they ought to have an
opportunity to consider the question fully, so
that we may act understandingly." Then it
is said, in the same connection, "Such an
effort is irregular ;" and again it is said, in the
same connection, " We are acting without suf-
ficient information; we know not what we are
doing." But my observation, on the other
hand, has been that whenever there is a sug-
gestion to increase an appropriation there is
never any difficulty about a committee; wo
always have plenty of information, and our
eyes are wide open.
" Now, it is said that this amendment has not
been recommended by the committee, and that
my movement is in hostility to the report of
the committee. Sir, a very different state of
things obtains now from what obtained at the
time this bill was reported. At that time it
was cmtemplated that an appropriation would
be made, not only to cover the expenses of the
Post Office Department, outside of the free
matter that went through the mails, but the
expenses connected with such free matter as
well. It has been demonstrated here this
morning, from the report of the Postmaster
General, that by our action repealing the frank-
ing privilege we have reduced the expenditures
about one tenth.
It is said we have no report from any Depart-
ment on this subject. We have the report of
the Postmaster General as to the expenses in
connection with this Department, and he says
that if we shall strike down the franking priv-
ilege there will be a saving to the people of
over $'2,000,000. Now, do we propose to
continue the same expenditure precisely as was
contemplated by this bill at the time it came
from the committee, with a changed condition
of things?
It is said that this is an interference with a
law that fixes the number of clerks in the
