930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Department. I do not so understand it; but
if so, that is entirely immaterial. If we say
we will not furnish an appropriation for the
number of clerks that are provided for in this
bill, then it is not likely they will get their
pay. What I propose to do is, to follow up
what was started here this morning in striking
out the $10,000. It is said that that was an
appropriation for temporary clerks. I sup-
pose we struck them out for the reason that
we did not believe them to be necessary. If
we did not regard them as necessary, it was
because we felt that our action in connection
with the other branch of Congress had been
such that the continuation of that expenditure
was unnecessary. Now, tell me if the same
argument does not apply so lar as these clerks
are concerned, and if we cannot make a reduc-
tion in the same proportion as to all the other
clerks, as well as the temporary clerks we have
already dispensed with?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How does the
Senator estimate that five is the exact number
that can be spared from the service?
Mr. WRIGHT. I can answer the Senator
by saying that I offered that as the fair propor-
tion of reduction which I propose to follow up
with regard to all the other clerks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All the other
clerks in that Department?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But how does
the Senator make his estimate that that num-
ber can be spared ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I think I have been ex-
ceedingly fair so far as that is concerned. If
there is to be a reduction of one tenth of the
entire expenditures, I do not reduce so much
as one tenth of the clerical force. I went
somewhat upon that rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I under
stand the Senator assumes that the force of the
Department may properly be reduced ten per
cent, by reason of the reform which is supposed
to have bceu made by theabolition of the frank-
ing privilege. I have already said that I do
not believe it will iiave any such effect, nor
did I ever believe it. If I had been in the
Senate at the time, as I said a few moments
a£0 and take occasion to lopeat, becau-.e I
did not explain myself exactly, 1 should have
voted for the abolition of the franking priv
ilege, not according to my judgment of the
fituess of the thing, but because there seemed
to be a desire m the country to try the ex-
periment; and sol should, in obodionce to
that apparently popular wish, have voted for
the abolition of the franking privilege if 1 had
been in my seat. But, Mr. Piesideni, 1 should
be extremely reluctant that we should under-
take to predicate our judgment of what the
public service needs upon any such idea as that,
and particularly I should regret that, we should
seem to pursue the Postmaster General or his
Department in any spirit which might be con-
strued by the country as indignation for what
he has deemed it his duty to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not if it were a just
spirit?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, if it were
a just thing to do, I think that would answer;
but I am afraid it will be imputed to us not
exactly in that way. I should hope my hon-
orable friend would feel that lie had done
sufficient in this direction not to attempt to
reduce the service any further.
Mr. FLANAGAN. 1 am not one of those
who have arrived at the conclusion that the
world is going to come to an end at an early
period. I am no Millerite in that sense. Nor
am I one of those who have arrived at the con-
clusion that the labors of the day are going to
be reduced at any early period in the Post
Office Department. It is true, the franking
privilege has been repealed, but it was repealed
under peculiar circumstances. Is there a Sen-
ator here who believes that no proper adjust-
ment or arrangement will be made in the future
to promulgate knowledge that is expected to be
constantly concentrated at the seat of Govern-
ment of this great nation ? It would be idle, in
my opinion, for any Senator to arrive at any
such conclusion. I have no fears on that sub-
ject. I want information. My constituents
want information, as do the constituents of
every Senator on this floor, and they will have
it. The progress of this nation is onward and
upward, and the pursuit of information,
improvement, and development through this
great channel is only cheeked for the time
being. There is nothing substantial in it.
I want books published hereafter as here-
tofore, from the Agricultural Department and
from every Department and more employes
will be required from time to time if the
nation progresses as all lovers of it earnestly
hope that it will. I would rather vote for an
increase of salaries and an increase of labor
than to take a retrograde step. I have no
idea of that policy. I am for reform where
ever it can be shown that it is proper, that it
is legitimate, that it is for the welfare of this
nation; but I disclaim any participation in an
idea of reform which is to conform to a hue
and cry that has been raised in regard to cer-
tain things. Sir, we will come back; the
needful will be done so far as to promulgate
everything that is necessary upon the score of
education, and education contemplates every-
thing pertaiuing to this nation. I might go on
and illustrate and demonstrate, and call the
attention of Senators from one item to another,
but I do not wish to take up time. I have
given this matter no reflection, but I am
unequivocally opposed to reducing any one
single officer in these Departments, so far as
the developments are made known to me up to
this time.
Mr. WIND0M. I am very much obliged to
the honorable Senator from Texas for reveal-
ing what I apprehend is the prevailing senti-
ment of those who oppose the efforts of myself
and the honorable Senator from Iowa for
reform. In the honesty of his heart he has
expressed it. We will come back again, he
says, to the distribution of documents. Does
he mean to shock the country with the asser-
tion that this old abuse is to be brought back
upou the country again ? And are those gen-
tlemen who are voting against this practical
reform of ours ill attempting to reduce ex-
penses to be misconstrued before the country
in that way, that they propose to continue the
appropriations and not reduce expenditures
with a view of rebnacting the old fiauking
privilege which we have abolished so trium-
phantly ? I do not believe it, sir. 1 do not
believe that that is the sentiment of the Sen-
ate, and T hope that those who vote against
this amendment, will not be misconstrued by
the country in that way. I mean honestly to
adhere to this repeal, and we mean to adjust
so far as we can the branches of the Govern-
ment to the new order of things.
My friend from Maine says he regrets to see
that we are disposed to pursue the Postmaster
General. By what right does he place that
construction upon our conduct? Have we
not shown here to-day that upon the recom-
mendation of the Postmaster himself we are
making the motions we have made for the
purpose ot' reducing expenditures? Has he
not himself given us the assurance that if we
will but obey his recommendation, repeated
year after year, we can make these reduc-
tions? When we accept his own recom-
mendations and attempt to carry thein out,
we are told by the honorable Senator from
Maine that we are pursuing the Postmaster
General. Sir, we are acting here as his
friends. We intend if we can to reduce these
expenditures, to prove to the country that
when the Postmaster General told us that
two and a half million dollars could be
saved we can save it, and that we will give
some evidence of our intention to save it to-
day. No, sir, do not let it be told to the
country now, in the first flush of congratula-
tion over the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, that we are going back again to that old
abuse under which the country suffered so long.
We will do no such thing, Mr. President.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It seldom happens, Mr.
President, that the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] says anything with which I am un-
able to agree ; but I was surprised this morning
when he said that had he been in the Senate
he would have voted to abolish the franking
privileg3, although in so voting he would have
acted against his judgment. Subsequently,
however, he explained his meaning by saying
that he thought the country wished to try the
experiment of this repeal, and in deference to
the public sentiment he would have so voted
despite his private conviction. So that upon
that statement I find that, as usual, I am able
to agree with my honorable friend.
He then proceeds to caution us against giv-
ing a vote upon this proposition which may
be interpreted, justly or otherwise, as an act
of retaliation, if I understand him, upon the
Post Office Department, because the head of
that Department has advocated the abolition
of thefrauking privilege. I accept that, too, as
an instance of the wisdom of the Senator, and
I agree with him that it would be very unfor-
tunate if the Senate should record itself in favor
of any proposition, however unimportant,
which could bear such a construction. But,
Mr. President, voting as I did to abolish the
franking privilege, influenced as I was by that
consideration which the Senator from Maine
adverts to, a just deference to the sentiment of
the country, I voted also in the belief that the
franking privilege, as it is called, was a good
thing to abolish. During twelve years' service
in the two Houses I have never lost an oppor-
tunity to vote to abolish the frankling priv-
ilege, because I believed that the public senti-
ment against it rested upon.a solid founda-
tion ; yet I should be uncandid to deny that
I believe also that there has been immense
exaggeration and immense delusion about
what, are called the abuses of the franking
privilege. Let me not, however, go into that,
because I rose to make a remark about this
pending amendment.
I voted against laying the amendment on
the table. I shall vote for the amendment
now. I shall vote for it despite the peril of
having somebody suppose that I want to re-
taliate upon the Post Office Department. Far
from it. Certainly far from it in my own case,
because having uniformly voted in conformity
with the recommendations of the Postmaster
General since they were made, and over and
over again agreed to those recommendations
long before they were made, it would be very
curious if I had any process by which I could
govern my vote so as to retaliate upon the
Postmaster General for recommending a re-
form so called for which I voted many a time
before the Postmaster General ever occupied
his present position or had the right to submit
a recommendation in regard to it.
But, sir, I submit to the Senate that the
abolition of the franking privilege means some-
thing more than making a graceful bow to the
sentiment of the country. It means some-
thing more than trying a random experiment
which may have the efl'ect to demonstrate that
somebody has made an absurd calculation as
the basis of some report, or has wildly over-
estimated the evils that flow from the franking
privilege or the blessings which will come from
its abolition. Our vote, I say, repealing it,
and the concurrence of the House, we are
bound to believe, means something more than
that. It means that exaggerated though these
statements of abuses may be, they have some
foundation ; that they rest in some degree at
least in substance, and that cleaviug down
this so-called abuse we are taking a step to-
ward retrenchment, toward frugality, toward
a diminution of the public cost.
Mr. President, unless the bill which has just
been passed means as much as I have asserted,
