1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of white men I do not mean adventurers; I
do not mean carpet-baggers; I mean white
men who go there to identify themselves with
the State, to grow up with the State, and to
leave a heritage in it to their children after
them.
When slavery existed in the States, our
great difficulty was in my State, and in all the
southern States to obtain emigration. White
men generally or to any large extent would not
go there then, although they knew then that
they would have absolute control of their in-
stitutions, and would control all questions
whether of taxation or of education or of
suffrage or of any other question. How is it
now? Do you think you will get them now?
Do you think you will get the enterprising
northern man or the western man to leave
the home of his nativity, where his race rules,
and take his family of children and locate in
Florida or South Carolina, where he knows
that he can be controlled by the colored race.
No, sir; those States are lost to us; they
are lost to the American Union; they are lost
to the race, unless our legislation is changed.
South Carolina now is practically a black com-
munity. She does not now rise to the dig-
nity of a well-ordered State. She is losing her
power ; she is losing her people ; there is no
respect for her legislation, and none for her
legislators. Sir, is not this the condition of
affairs? And yet we have, day in and day
out, the effort made to perpetuate this policy
and maintain this condition of things. I
have nothing against the colored race. They
have, I hope, and if not they ought to have, a
pride of race, and I would not respect the
colored'man if he did not respect hia race as
much as .1 would my own. Mr. President "can
the Ethiopian change his skin or the leopard
his spots;" and if they could, why should
either? No. I have a pride in my own race
and they should have a pride in theirs; and as
between the two, with prudent, just, and appro-
priate legislation, each would run their respect-
ive careers without serious conflict and with
advantage to both. Time must tell upon both,
and with what different results time will dis-
close; and while time is telling upon the African
race, it is our highest duty to see that we act
that part toward it which the highest dictates
of humanity, of Christianity, and of civilization
require.
But putting any of these States under the
control of these people will never advance
their material interests either there or else-
where. While you pretend to do this out of
regard for his rights, you are utterly destroying
his interests. I believe the real good, the
real well-being of the African depends on tho
intelligent influence of the white man; but
where he has no power as in South Carolina,
where he has but a limited power as in Flor-
ida, or in Mississippi, or in Louisiana, you
witness the evils that are now widespread be-
fore us. Those evils will continue, they will
grow, they are becoming daily more alarming;
and it' those who still love the American Union
and are devoted to the interests of their coun-
try will but reflect that it is desirable to all to
save these States, one of them specially dear
to the memory of the American patriotism,
the State of South Carolina, the legislative
policy still being pursued must be arrested,
you must arrest this legislation that arrays race
against race and places the whites under the
control of the colored.
Mr. President, this legislation I am opposed
to. The people have elected in this State;
there is no dispute about that. All that we
require is the counting of the vote. Withdraw
your Federal artillery, withdraw your Federal
bayonets, and those votes will be counted; and
they will be counted just as the majority of this
committee have reported them to be, and that
count will give peace, stability, and order in
the State of Louisiana. Therefore the only
amendment I would have to the proposition
now before the Senate would be to request the
President of the United States to withdraw the
military from the State of Louisiana, and to
allow the people there to settle theirown affairs,
and settle them they would in five days, and
you would have order in the State of Louisiana,
and a sense of peace would pervade the whole
land, there would not be a drop of hot blood
nor would a drop be shed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. . I ask for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY then addressed the Senate.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, we
have remained here on the Republican side
of this Chamber, all night long until six
o'clock in the morning, for the purpose of
passing a bill to relieve the people of Louis-
iana of a government which I believe, as our
Democratic friends on the other side of the
Chamber believe, to be a usurpation. The
votes are in this Chamber, if they choose to
support the bill, to pass it and to order a re-
election by the people under the provisions
of a bill with which not a Democrat in this
Chamber has found the slightest fault; a bill
which, so far as human prudence can provide,
will secure an honest election by the people
of that State-
Now, if in these gray hours of the morning
the Democrats, with votes in this Chamber
sufficient to pass this bill, choose to vote
against it, choose to vote against it in the face
of the President's message sent to both Houses
of Congress, saying that if Congress refuse to
act he will feel himself instructed to sustain
that Kellogg government, that government of
usurpation and fraud for four years, if under
these circumstances those Senators on so slight
a provocation as that given by an amendment
to the first section, which contains nothing but
a recital of fact, it may be a recital of imma-
terial fact, choose to defeat this bill, and
choose to fasten this usurpation upon the peo-
ple of Louisiana, I stand here now to charge
it upon them. I charge upon them that with
the Republicans now here this morning ready
to vote for this bill, their votes insure its pas-
sage. If they choose to vote against it, upon
this mere hypercriticism, for it amounts to
nothing more, upon this mere recital in a
preamble, if they choose by their votes to
fasten upon the people of that State this usur-
pation and this fraud for four years longer,
they and not we who have stood by all night
to pass this bill, will be answerable for the
result.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in re-
marks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. MORTON. I move to lay this bill on
the table.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Several Senators. Let us vote on the pass-
ing of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I will withdraw the mo-
tion if there is to be no further debate.
Mr. HILL rose.
Mr. MORTON. If there is to be further
debate I shall renew the motion.
Mr. HILL. Only a very few remarks.
Mr. MORTON. I believe I shall hold on
to my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana insists on the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. PRATT. I paired last night with the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.] If he
were here I think he would vote nay and I
should vote yea.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was announced that
he was paired with the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Vickers.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 22 ; us follows :
YI3AS Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Conkling, Corbett, Flanagan. Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Johnston, Kelly, Morton, Nor-
wood, Osborn, Saulsbury, Stockton, Thurman,
Trumbull, and "West—-19. -
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cooper, Cragin Jerry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis,
Logan, Maehen, Morrili of Maine, Ramsey, Ransom,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham Caldwell, Cameron, Cole, Davis,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Saywer, Sehurz, Scott, Spencer, Stevenson,
Sumner, Tipton, Vickers, Windom and Wright—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish now briefly to
express my regret, which is extreme, at the
adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.] I am not the
adviser of any Senator in regard to his duty to
the bill as it stands. It is apparent to all
men that one of two things must occur: if
there is no legislation we devolve this whole
matter on the President of the United States,
and for aught that appears now that would
continue in power this Kellogg government
for four long years. I should regret, more
deeply than I do the adoption of the amend-
ment, so sad a result as that. For the people
of Louisiana I have sympathy in their present
condition; and I thought as the bill stood
neutral between these contending parties,
preferring neither one of the prete nded Gov-
ernors over the other it was a fair bill; but as
it is it has now made a selection, we have
preferred one to the other, we have expressed
a preference.
I think that is nnfortunate ; but yet, as I said
before, I am not prepared to say but what it
would be more unfortunate still for us to
adjourn this Congress without passing some
bill. With the action of the President under
his convictions of duty I have nothing to do,
I have no advice to give, I have nothing to
say in reprehension. No doubt he has acted
according to the convictions of his judgment.
He has very frankly announced them. I hope,
though, that it may turn out that he will not
be put in that unpleasant position. Without
committing myself to any course in regard to
the bill, 1 leave other gentlemen to take care
of it. I did not feel very willing at first to
vote for it ; I feel still more reluctant to vote
for it now ; and yet I might feel more reluct-
ance still if no bill whatever should pass.
That is my peculiar position. I presume I am
not the only gentleman in the Chamber who
feels as I do in regard to the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. I am paired with
my colleague.
Mr. PRATT. I paired with the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] before this
amendment was put upon the bill. At the
time I paired he would have voted for the bill
and I against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony. Carpenter, Corbett,
Cragin, Jerry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Howe, Logan, Machen, Osborn, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly. Clay-
ton, Conkling, Cooper. Davis, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Saulsbury, Stockton, Tburraan,
Trumbull, and west—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Edmunds, Kenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Yermont, Nye, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Rice, Robertson,
fechurz, Scott, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Tipton,
Vickers, Windom, and Wright—35.
So the bill was rejected.
ORDER Off BUSINESS.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed with the consideration of House bill No.
3921, the sundry civil appropriation bill.
