1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
the two Houses of Congress have made a very
vain motion. If it does mean retrenchment,
if it does mean cutting off the expenses which
have been relied upon to prove the cost of the
franking privilege, is there any time to begin
so good as this time? Here is a bill which
contains appropriations applicable to the Post
Office Department, not only so, but appropria-
tions to pay men whose official functions con-
sist, in part at least, in disposing of that work
which consists in the transmission of franked
mail matter, and in the keeping of records,
the making of accounts, and the doing of other
things pertaining to the labor occasioned by
the fact that the mails have been used for the
transmission of matter franked and paying no
Now, while I see the force of asking the hon-
orable Senaior from Iowa, the mover of this
amendment, how do you ascertain that just
five clerks is the number to be reduced, I aiso
see the propriety with which that Senator may
answer that he ascertains the number five in
the same way that he would ascertain any other
number which he would be compelled to state
in his amendment, in order to commence the
process of retrenchment and of cutting down;
or, as my friend from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
tries to supply me with a suggestion, "if we do
not know anything about it we may as well
take that number as any other." I say, in
answer to the honorable Senator, that it is not
a case where there is a total want of inform-
ation. It is not that vacuum which nature
abhors; we do know something about it. We
know that if a certain complement of men be
necessary to do a certain work, when you dis-
pense with the necessity of performing one ;
third, one fifth, or one tenth of that work, you
do not still want your Department manned I
with the old complement. We know that, just
as well as my houorable friend knows that
when a ship-yard in Maine turns out a vessel >
of a certain number of tons it does not require ,
a crew as numerous as it would if the number
of tons was twice as great. It may not be a !
matter of measurement so exact and absolute
as that; but it falls, I submit to him, within
the same general domain.
Now, Mr. President, let us abolish five
clerks, if that be the number named in this
amendment. If it turns out that it is one too
many, we can correct that error hereafter. If
it turns out that it is three too few, I hope we
may correct that hereafter. But if it shall
turn out that the same amount of money is to
be paid upon mail contracts, that the same
clerical and departmental staff is to be kept
up, that the same equipment in postal service
is to remain ; then, if I were inclined to be
poetic, 1 should say that we have wooed a god-
dess and clasped a cloud; we have goue for a
very large thing in public estimation, and pre-
tended to tear down a great abuse, and, stated
in arithmetic, the result is a figure nine with the
tail off.
If I had thought that, I should have voted
against the bill repealing the franking priv-
ilege. I did not believe it. I thought there
was substance in it; I believe it now. And if
I was voting merely in deference to a public
sentiment, which I bel'eved to be mistaken,
in order to try an experiment and hammer out
on the anvil of actual experience the question
whether it was true or false, then I should not
stop with merely abolishing the franking priv-
ilege and leaving the expenses to run, but I
would adapt the expenses and the establish-
ment of the Post Office Department to the
changed condition of things, and I would have
the people lo find out, if they were to learn
their mistake at all, that they were proved
mistaken by a fair expeiiment, not by_an ex-
periment confined to the shadow, leaving the
substance alone. _
In conclusion then, Mr. President, while 1
ain quite as ignorant as any other member of
the body, and vastly more ignorant than my
honorable friend from Maine and the otner
Senators whose business it is to look into mat-
ters of this sort, owing to the committees to
which they belong, seeking the best lights I
can find, I shall feel myself warranted in
voting and bound to vote for amendments to
this bill and to every other appropriation bill
which looks to razeeing the post office service
so as to square it by the new measure, to make
it adequate to the residuum and remainder of
labor to be done, and not keep it up in con-
formity with that labor as it used to be, as we
are told, and as it would continue to be but
for the franking privilege being abolished,
which abolition has already taken place.
Mr. RAMSEY. Senators who advocate a
reduction of the clerical force in the Post Office
Department proceed on a mistaken hypothesis.
It was never the theory of those who advocated
the abolition of the franking privilege that
there would be less work for the Post Office
Department to do, that there would be a re-
quirement for fewer clerks or less transporta-
tion, but that the labor would be paid for and
the money go into the Treasury. It is impos-
sible for the Postmaster General to take it out
unless upon an appropriation. I cannot say how
many less clerks the Postmaster General will
require now than before ; but if the Post Office
Department does the work it did before, and
is paid for it, he will require as much force
hereafter as he did before the franking priv-
ilege was abolished.
Mr. WINDOM. Will my colleague permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. EAMSEY. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. Does my colleague sup-
pose that if fivehundred men who have hitherto
had the franking privilege are compelled to
pay their postage, they will write one letter on
an average to every three aud one third min-
utes of time?
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably others may write
enough to make up the deficiency in their cor-
respondence. But it was never the theory
that the matter which now passes through the
mails free is to cease entirely. Unless it does
so, you cannot, of eourse. allow for an abate-
ment of clerical force in the Department. All
the business the Department did free and
without charge it will hereafter get pay for;
and so we shall be better able to pay for this
clerical force than we were heretofore.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to ask one ques-
tion of the Senator from Minnesota before he
takes his seat. Shall we understand the Sen-
ator to maintain that the theory of _ doing away
with the franking privilege is this: that the
same weight and amount of mail matter is to
go from official persons and others, and that
the Government is to pay the postage on it for
the sake of receiving the postage back?
Mr. UAMSEY. Of course the correspond-
ence which has gone on heretofore will-pro-
ceed again, and the documents published by
both Houses of Congress will be transmitted
to the people; but how that will be paid for
it is not for me to devise.
Mr. CONKLING. I have only to say that
this comes like a wet sheet over me. [Laugh-
ter.] I have so often heard it argued, as you
have, sir, in the other House, and sometimes
here, that we were to get rid of seeds that
never come up, of books sent by thousands
that never were read, of documents which we
were told U3ed to go into the coal-scuttles of
the country, into the barber shops, and to
kindle the fires; that the mails were to be un-
burdened by taking off this herculean weight,
which made them plethoric and weighed them
down, that it is a very great disappointment
now when I hear that we are to make as many
books, we are to distribute as many seeds, we
are to emitas many cuttings and plants, we are
to have the same bulk and weight of bulbs, as
my friend from Maine suggests, as well as other
things; that the whole result is to degenerate
into a mere matter of book-keeping ; the Gov-
ernment is to take it out of one pocket and put
it into the other!
Mr. EDMUNDS. With a proper commis-
sion to the people who disburse and receive.
Mr. CONKLING. As my friend from Ver-
mont with his usual frugality is now insisting,
a proper commission is to be taken out for the
benefit of those who do the work. Now, if
that is so, if all this postal service is to be
performed, if it is to be paid for by the offi-
cials of the Government (which nobody will
deny means by the public Treasury) in order
to recover it back into the Treasury, if I under-
stand it, we come out exactly where we go in.
It is a process just as near in a circle as you
can possibly make it, unless my friend from
Vermont shall succeed in the other reform
which he now suggests, which is to add by
way of appropriation a little something for
commissions to pay for the trouble of the per-
sons who are engaged in this new mode of
book-keeping, this new way of transacting the
business. I must say that I think the senior
Senator from Minnesota, who has led us un-
flinchingly all the way upon this question,
and whom we have followed until at last we
succeeded, has said that which is more dis-
couraging to the troops that have fought under
him than anything I ever heard from a leader
who had triumphed in such an engagement.
[Laughter.]
I Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I always
: reflect very seriously before I venture to ex-
i press in the Senate a difference of opinion
; from my distinguished friend from New York,
[Mr. Coxkling,] but occasionally I must do
| so. He made one remark before he took his
seat that to my mind was conclusively correct,
namely that we shall come out where we went
in. That is in harmony with the remarks sub-
mitted by me a few minutes ago.
! I myself hold to the right of instruction.
I The people of this nation have spoken upon
; the subject of the franking privilege. Their
j minds have, however, been invited to but one
! side of the question. To a great extent it has
; been ex parte. Now they will feel after the
] 1st of July just as the great city of New York,
that is so ably represented by my distinguished
I friend, would feel if its Croton river was cut
! off from that grand supply of water afforded to
I that mighty city. There would be consterna-
j tion, there would be a reaction, and you would
| hear the voice of the city crying out for a res-
; toration of the volume of water, notwithstand-
j ing thousands upon thousands of cubic feet,
! if you please, were wasted from day to day,
just as it has been in the mismanagement,
perhaps the remissness, of the great fraukiug
privilege. But, sir, the day is not far distant
i when the people upon their sober second
| thought, in my humble opinion, will demand
something as a representative or a reenact-
! metit of that great channel of' information.
; They will demand it, and whenever they do it
will be accorded to them, just as readily as the
i repeal was, nay, more so, because the experi-
i ence of the nation will then have been satis-
fied.
I have no hesitancy in saying—I speak can-
, didly—in auswer to my distiuguislied fiiend
; from Iowa, that I will go for such a measure
when the people shall make that demand, and
i I will not be afraid to do so. I voted for the
abolition of the franking privilege. Why?
Because it was urged at us from day to day.
( I am not disposed to speak of the action of the
' popular branch of Congress, but they were fi om
day to day hurling it upon us and the whole
weight was onerously on the action of the
Senate of the United States. It was said,
" They will not go in for reform as they have
said from time to time they would do, and as
it was declared in the action of the conven-
tion that assembled at Philadelphia should be
done." I was opposed to it, but recognizing
the power and the weight of instruction, I
succumbed and voted for the repeal; but I
| have no idea ihat it will be permanent. Some-
1 thing will grow up that is calculated to de-
' velop the great interests of the country, aud
