938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
I have no hesitancy in saying that it is an im-
proper step to go to cutting down officers
when we know nothing about their wants and
necessities. It has been well said by the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads that the repeal does not con-
template any less labor. The same amonnt
of labor is still to be performed. This notion
is not going to come to a stand-still, and
until that is done it would very well require
the labor of every employS that is now known
to the Post Office Department, in my opinion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I under-
stand—if I am wrong the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Post Offices and Post lioads or the
Senator who has charge of this bill will correct
me—that we appropriate in this bill for the
support of the Post Office the whole amount
that is required for the next fiscal year, not
the deficiency, not the amount that is required
above its receipts, but we appropriate the
whole amount. Now, I do not understand
that in consequence of the abolition of the
franking privilege there will be any very great
reduction of the expenses of the Department,
although it is anticipated by the friends of
that measure that it will lead to a considerable
increase of its receipts. I voted for the repeal
of the franking privilege because I thought
that public sentiment demanded it, and it was
best to try it. I think there were some abuses
under it, but those abuses have been enorm-
ously exaggerated. Jn some form or other
popular sentiment will demand that there shall
be every facility for communication between
the people and those whom they send here to
represent them and to serve tliem. I think
that the amount of saving has been immensely
exaggerated, and if the Postmaster General
has told us that we shall save $2,400,000 I
think he is mistaken, and I will not cut down
his appropriation by that amount. I think it
would be a very unfair thing, and it would be
a very unfair thing, to reduce the force of that
Department in this way. I do not believe that
the Post Office service without the frankmg
privilege can be performed at much less ex-
pense than with it. It seeins to me that it is
trilling legislation for us to cut down this ap-
propriation
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not under-
stand that we cut down the appropriation, but
the effort is to cut down the force.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Minnesota to say that he was going
to move to cut. down the appropriation.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 did say so, and expect
to do it-
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 see no propriety in cut-
ting down the force. It costs just as much to
carry a letter that is paid for as it does to carry
a letter that is not paid for, and although the
Treasury will receive the advantage of the letter
that is paid for, the expenditure will be the
same but the receipts larger.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. The line of
argument of the Senator from Rhode Island
is entirely correct. Of course there will not
be lesB contracts made for carrying the mails.
Mr. ANTHONY. And they will be made
no lower.
Mr. MOUIiILL, of Maine. The general
postal service of the country is identical with
what it was before; it is only a question
whether the revenues will be more. The
proposition of my friend from Iowa goes to
the ground that the service is going to be less.
That does not follow at all. You will have
no less routes; none of the routes are to be
discontinued ; and another thing, you will find
that your contracts for mail service are going
to be none the less. Whether what is now
free matter remains free or is paid for, does
not affect the mail service of the country a
particle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine if the Postmaster General has
not told us over and over again that he had to
pay much larger prices on account of carrying
this free matter, these documents and seeds,
&c., that are distributed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I never sup-
posed that that was very well demonstrated.
I know that was an argument used, but I never
saw the demonstration myself. If Congress
shall cut off the publication of documents
which now go under franks, if it is fair to
assume that the Congress of the United States
do not intend in the future to publish docu-
ments for distribution among the people at
all. then I can understand that the large bulk
of what is called mailable matter now might
be curtailed and the service might be cheap-
ened.
Mr. ANTHONY. Would that lead to any
very great economy in the the main lines ot'
transportation over which these documents go ?
Now, the Post Office Department has a maxi-
mum rate which it pays the great railroads,
and which I think is much too low. I do not
think the railroads are fairly paid for the ser-
vice they ought to perform, though some of
them ought not to have anything for what they
do perform. I wish we had power over the
railroads to compel them to perform the
postal service at decent rates; but the Post
Office is not able to pay the great railroads
what they ought to have for the mails they
transport. Now, if the transportation is re-
duced by the amount of documents that is
sent over them, they will not reduce their
rates any; we shall have to pay them the same.
I do not think there is going to be anything like
the saving which gentlemen have said here,
whether really or satirically I hardly know ;
but I think thatmyfriend from Minnesota [Mr.
Wisdom] has hardly given a fair interpretation
to the representations of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. He has stated what the franked matter
would cost if it were paid for according to
the regular rates. The railroad companies
on the great lines of transportation would
charge just the same for carrying the smaller
amount of matter that they now charge for
carrying the larger amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He did state it in that
way.
Mr. ANTHONY. If he has made a mistake
in his statement, I do not think it is tair lor us
to take advantage of it, and take from an offi-
cer the assistance that is necessary for him to
enable him to carry out faithfully the duties
intrusted to him. I do not believe the Post-
master General can carry on his Department
as the country expects and has a right to
expect him to do, unless he has the force he
asks for; and I believe that if he has no more
force than is necessary, he will not put the Gov-
ernment to the expense of employing it. I
have sufficient confidence in him to believe he
will not do that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I wish to
ask the honorable Senator one question.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Post-
master General did not contemplate in the
estimates submitted to this body the abolition
of the franking privilege. We are to prepare
for that ourselves. It was unexpected to him,
as it was to us all; and therefore the estimates
of the succeeding year are based entirely on
the fact that things were to continue as they
were.
Mr. CONKLING. And this bill was re-
ported before the franking privilege was
repealed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 say that although those
who have been most sanguine of the results of
repealing the franking privilege think that the
receipts of the Post Office will be much larger,
I do not understand that anybody supposes
the expenses will be much less, and we appro-
priate for the whole expenditures. It will cost
us just as much to carry the mails, but we shall
get more in return; that is the way we make
the saving.
I Mr. WINDOM. Iam quite unwilling that
the Postmaster General shall be misunderstood
in this matter, and therefore I prefer that he
should speak for himself. The Senator from
Rhode Island suggests that we make this ap-_
propriation entire, for the whole amount, ot
the service; but the Postmaster General esti-
mates for the deficiency that will exist in his
Department. The deficiency for the current
year was $6,425,970, and he estimates that
there will be a deficiency next year of $7,410,-
602; he estimates a deficiency the next year of
a million of dollars greater than for the cur-
rent year. The deticieneies are increasing at
the rate of about a million dollars a year. I
take these figures from his report, for the
purpose of demonstrating to the Senate that
the Postmaster General did not, as my col-
league claimed this morning, contemplate the
abolition of the franking privilege when _ he
made this estimate, because he makes it a
little higher than he did last year, and in his
report he makes this statement:
"If it be deemed desirable to reduce the public
expenditures by removing the constantly increasing
burden imposed upon the Treasury by the franking
privilege, and if it be considered a wise measure of
Administration to make the postal service as nearly
as practicable self-supporting "—
It is very evident that the Postmaster Gen-
eral contemplated that if this great burden
upon the Treasury were taken off the Depart-
ment would be well nigh self-supporting, and
yet he estimates for one million dollars, in
round numbers, a greater deficiency than we
have the present year. Certainly, therefore, he
did not contemplate that the privilege would
be repealed, and we are acting upon estimates
made with a view to the continuation of this
abuse; and yet we are not willing now to
adapt this bill to the new order of things. I
think it very clear that the Postmaster Gen-
eral, if he had understood that we would
abolish the franking privilege, would have
make a very great difference in his estimates
for the next, year. Certainly, taking him at
his own statement, which I have no doubt is
correct, such would have been the case.
Mr. RAMSEY. My colleague must know
that the Postmaster General cannot affect con-
tracts in existence. They run for four years.
They are just as numerous as heretofore, and
the reports require as many clerks for their
examination.
Mr. WINDOM. I think my colleague is
mistaken, although he is much better informed
on that point than I am. I am quite confident
these contracts were all let early in this Ad-
ministration ; that the general contracts over
the country were let at the beginning of the
present Administration, and they expire very
soon.
Mr. RAMSEY. A fourth is made every
year, and they run for four years.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I voted
to abolish the franking privilege, and I think
that any man who was in the Capitol building
about the last of August of the last year and
saw all its corridors and many of its committee-
rooms filled with men, women, and children
putting up tens of thousands of so-called doc-
uments, but which in fact were speeches or
political pamphlets, and some of them very
poor fodder indeed, and saw them sent off
under the names of members of Congress,
written by clerks when the members were hun-
dreds of miles away—anybody who had seen
that, as I saw it with my own eyes, would come
to the conclusion it was time to abolish a priv-
ilege that could be thus abused.
I voted in good faith, therefore, to abolish
the franking privilege. I know that so far as
members of Congress who conscientiously
exercised that privilege and did not violate it
are concerned it was a burden instead of a
privilege ; it was a privilege of the people
and not a privilege of the member. There is
not a member of this Senate who attends to
the duties that belong to a Senator, who attends
to the public measures that are before the
Senate, and who endeavors to master them to
