1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1890
construction. Upon that point I wish to say
one word. The law which this bill proposes
to amend contains a distinct limitation that all
claims not presented before the 3d of March
next should be barred. The bill reported by
the Committee to the House and passed by it
provided for extending that time until the 1st
of December next. The Senate amended the
bill by striking out the extension, leaving the
law to stand in that respect as it stands now.
The one other question 
Mr. HOAR. Jt is utterly impossible to hear
what is going on.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will resume
their seats and preserve order. The gentle-
man from Michigan will now proceed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I
was saying the principal disagreement between
the House and the Senate was on this ques-
tion of the extension of time to file claims.
There are before the southern claims com-
mission at this time something like seventeen
to eighteen thousand claims, as many as it
would be possible for them to consider in the
four years to which it was proposed to extend
the commission. Now, it was urged on the
part of the Senate that the Senate was adverse
at present to extending the time; and it was
also urged with considerable reason, inasmuch
as this commission had already as much as it
could do, it could do no harm to postpone
this extention of time for filing claims to the
next Congress, and then if Congress should be
satisfied that justice required the extension
of time it could be easily done. We yielded
to that reason. I thought it was not worth
while to risk the loss of the bill extending the
commission, as we were advised there would
be some danger if we insisted on it, and that
it would be better to consent than run that
risk.
The other question between the two Houses
was as to the length of time the commission
should be extended. The Senate cut it short
one year. They yielded that point. Now the
bill extends the commission for four years and
leaves the law in the other respect precisely as
we found it.
I think the gentlemen from the South, whom
I know are sensitive on this question, will see
the committee have acted wisely, not only in
their interest, but also have acted wisely in the
interest of the Government. I now yield to
the gentleman from Tennessee, who desires to
say a word.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say I shall support this bill as reported
from the committee, but at the same time I
think it proper to say it would be unjust to a
meritorious class of claimants if we should
close the doors and not allow them to be
heard alter the 3d of March. The large
claimants undoubtedly have filed their claims,
but the poor men who have claims for a hun-
dred or five hundred dollars, and who were
unable to bring their witnesses here and have
them examined in Washington, and no com-
missioner was sent to their neighborhood before
whom they could bring their witnesses, and
who indeed have had no hearing, have had no
day in court, would be cut off. I wish to pro-
test in their names against their being finally
and forever cut off. But, as has been well
remarked, it is better the time of the com-
mission should be extended than to have
nothing done ; otherwise those poor claimants
who have prepared their cases at an expense
of money and time would be cut off from a
hearing after the 4th of March next when the
present law expires, and lose all their trouble
and expense.
MESSAGE FROM THK SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Sympsok, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 239) authoii/iag the award to the Vin-
cennes Uriiverbity of certain v jeant and aban-
doned lands -u Knox county, Indiana, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
CLAIMS COMMISSION.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
adoption of the report of the committee.
Mr. MOREY. I wish to ask the gentleman
having charge of this report a question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will yield for
a question.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any yielding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman in mak-
ing his objection must make it carefully. On
what ground does the gentleman object?
Mr. RANDALL. If on new business I
object; if on business relating to the present
subject I do not object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must not
put in objections unless he knows he is right.
Mr. RANDALL. In the confusion it was
perfectly impossible to know what was going
on, and I object if the gentleman yields to new
business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Louisiana has a perfect right to the floor abso-
lutely, and the gentleman has no right to make
an objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I have a perfect right to
object to yielding the floor to new business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair took note of
the gentleman's objection to yielding the floor
to new business.
Mr. RANDALL. Then my objection was
based on a misapprehension, but I do not wish
any lecture from the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is entirely
enforcing his objection to new business, but
the gentleman must not insist on objections
against what is perfectly regular, and it is his
duty to know whether his objection is right,
for otherwise he would obstruct business at
all times.
Mr. RANDALL. I could not hear whether
the gentleman from Michigau yielded the floor
for a purpose germane to the subject under
consideration or for new business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was enforcing
it and would not have permitted it. The
Chair took note of the gentleman's objection
and would not have permitted it.
Mr RANDALL. I am glad, then, that the
Chair is running so smoothly with my wish.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not running
with the gentleman's wish at all, but with his
own duty.
Mr. RANDALL. The Chair's duty ran
with my wish.
The SPEAKER. Probably the gentleman's
wish ran with the Chair's duty.
Mr. RANDALL. Vice versa.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Morey] has the floor to
address a question to the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Blair. J
Mr. MOREY. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Michigan, who has charge of this
conference report, if, from the conference
with the committee of the Senate, he is per-
fectly satisfied that by insisting on a longer
extension of time for the filing of these claims
there would be danger of losing the whole
bill?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I am; as I
think I said very fully before.
Mr. MOREY. Then I hope the bill will
pass as it is reported, ft is very important
that the time of this commission should be
extended; and although many claims will be
cut off by not extending the time for filing
them longer than March still by having the
commission perpetuated we may next Congress
extend the time for filing claims. If the gen-
tleman is satisfied that we would endanger the
whole bill by insisting on extending now the
time for filing claims, I hope the bill as re-
ported from the committee of conference will
pass. ,
Mr. BLAiR, of Michigan. I now move the
previous question on agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
of conference was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report of the com-
mittee of conference was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF MASK H. DEL AH AY,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
present a privileged report from the. Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That acommittee of three be appointed
to go to the Senate, and at the bar thereof, in the
name of the House of Representatives^ and of ail the
people of the United States, to impeach Mark H.
Delahay, judge of the United States distriet court
for the distriet of Kansas, of high crimes and mis-
demeanors in office, and acquaint the Senate that
the House of Representatives will in due time ex-
hibit particular articles of impeachment against
him and make good the same, and that the com-
mittee do demand t^at the Senate take order for
the appearance of said Mark H. Delahay to answer
to said impeachment.
Mr. HALE. I must raise the question of
consideration on this in due time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
take but a few moments, but it is very im-
portant that there should be action on the
resolution.
Mr. HALE. I reserve the question of con-
sideration until the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] has stated what it is
proposed to do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
that is a question which cannot be reserved.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state the facts very briefly.
Mr. HALE. I insist on the question of
consideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House 
The SPEAKER. The point of considera-
tion must be settled before the gentleman pro'-
eeeds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a very brief statement on the question
of consideration. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary were ordered by the House to consider
this question a long time ago. We were
directed, by a resolution of the House, to take
testimony during the recess. We took that
testimony, and have it here in a printed form.
We have considered that testimony fully, and
I am instructed by the Committee on the
Judiciary to present this resolution. I do not
see therefore how the question of considera-
tion will lie, as the action of the committee is
in pursuance of the orders of the House.
Mr. HALE. As the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has been allowed to state reasons for-
the House taking action on this resolution at
tins time, I wish to say that I have not investi-
gated this case at all; and I only raised the
question of consideration because I thought I
was representing the feeling of the House that
no such matter as this should be brought upon
us as additional business during this session.
If this was a matter which could be disposed
of formally, and it was expected to go over and
did not lay any additional burden on the busi-
ness of the House, which must be transacted,
then I would not raise the question of consid-
eration, but I want the House to settle whether
they will take this up or not.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of my col-
league whether the Committee on the Judi-
ciary have settled the question that the next
House of Representatives can present the ar-
ticles of impeachment which the House of
Representatives of this Congress notify the
Senate of?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If gen-
tlemen would have heard me I would have said
before this that the Committee on the Judiciary
do not expect to prepare articles of impeach-
ment against Judge Delahay and present them
