1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
the extent of his time and ability, who gives
himself up to intellectual effort instead of
mere manual, who does not know that the
franking privilege has been an expense to him
instead of being a benefit, that it has entailed
upon him in the employment of clerks and
secretaries far more than would have been
any postage he would have had to pay if the
privilege had never existed. There is not an
intellectual member of the Senate (and we are
all intellectual) who does not know that this
is the fact. If a man sees fit to be nothing in
the world but a scrivener and write his name
and direct documents—if that is all the func-
tion of a member of the Senate, then it may
be of some benefit to him ; but to those who
devote their time to the interests of their
constituents and to the business of this great
nation it has never been anything in the world
in a pecuniary point of view but a burden. It
was the privilege of the people, not the priv-
ilege of the Senator.
But while that is the case and while there
is an interest of the public in having the pro-
ceedings of Congress and public documents
diffused among the people, one that was
thought sufficient to justify the tranking priv-
ilege in times past, yet experience has shown
that it was a privilege which was so liable to
abuse' that the only way in the world was to
cut it up by the roots. I therefore voted in
good faith for the repeal of that privilege. I
did not vote for it in any spirit of pettishness,
in any humor whatsoever. I voted for its
repeal in good faith, believing it was so much
abused that it was best to abolish it in toto.
Mr. President, if the question that is now
before the Senate were simply a question be-
tween Congress and the Postmaster General,
there is scarcely anything we eould do in the
way of cutting down appropriations that would
not be right; for, in the most exaggerated
manner that ever 1 have seen, that functionary
saw fit to impress upon Congress the abolition
of the franking privilege by the most exagger-
ated and untenable estimates that ever I have
seen in my life, some of which were exposed
to-day by the junior Senator from Minnesota.
But this is not a question between the Post-
master General and the members of Congress
who have lost the franking privilege. It is a
question, what does the public service demand ?
It is not a question whether or not we shall be
governed by estimates made by the Postmaster
General which were wholly unfounded. It is
not a question whether we shall be governed
by stump speeches made in support of the
Philadelphia platform in which the franking
privilege repeal was inserted as a plank. But
it is a question, what is the duty that we owe
to the Government and the people ; what does
the public service require?
Let us look at the report of the Postmaster
General to which reference has been made, and
upon which the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Wisdom] says he will move a reduction ot the
Post Office appropriations by the sum of two
million and odd dollars. Let us see what that
was. First, the Postmaster General—I will
not undertake to say, because it is not respect-
ful or proper, perhaps, for me to say what were
his motives—saw fit at the public expense a
few years ago to send broadcast all over this
land printed petitions to his postmasters to
circulate, asking Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege ; and he saw fit to do what no
Other head of a Department ever did since
this Government was inaugurated ; he saw fit
to do what if it had been done forty years ago,
nay, thirty years ago, would have brought
down upon the head of that Department that
thus undertook officiously and at public ex-
pense to dictate legislation to Congress, and
to create public opinion, the condemnation
of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. THUEIIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ?isk the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether, under the law as it
then stood as to what the Post Office Depart-
ment itself might send through the mails free,
to wit, official business and letters, that was
not a plain violation of the law in itself in send-
ing that sort of stuff?
Mr. THURMAN. I think it was, and that
only aggravated the offense. I called atten-
tion to it at the ti me it occurred when I presented
one of these petitions, stereotyped petitions.
I said then in my place in the Senate that there
had been a time when a head of Department
would not have dared thus to insult the Legisla-
ture of the nation. Butitwasdone,sir. Atacost
ofthousands of dollarsit was done in violation,
if not of the letter, at least of the spirit of the
law in relation to the franking privilege. It
was done by this head of Department. And
then all his subordinates throughout the coun-
try sent in these petitions for the repeal of the
franking privilege. What more did he do?
He sent out a circular to the postmasters in
order to gather material for an argument against
the franking privilege, and I have his circular
here, his order. It is very short, and allow
me to read it. It is dated December 17,1869,
a little over three years ago:
[Circular.]
Free Mail Matter.
Post Office Department,
Office Third Assistant P. M. General,
Washington, D. C„ December 17, 1869.
%'<> Postmortem:
The Postmaster General has this day made the
following order:
" Ordered, That each postmaster in the United
States be instructed to take an accurate monthly ac-
count of all franked or free matter deposited at their
respective offices for mailing, for the period of six
months, commencing January 1, and ending June
30,1870 ; and to make special reports thereof to the
Third Assistant Postmaster General at the close of
cach month, embracing the following particulars,
namely:
"1. The number of franked or free letters, <md
the amount of postage that would be changeable
thereon at the established rate of pos-tage.
"2. The weight of franked or free matter other
than letters, and the amount of postage that would
be chargeable thereon at the current rates of post-
age."
Postmasters will carefully conform to the fore-
going instructions, using the inclosed form, which
must be promptly forwarded to this office at the
close of each month.
Should this circular fail to be received at any post
ofliee in time to commence taking an account of
free matter on the 1st of January, 1870, let the return
for that month include such portion of the month as
may remain when the circular is received.
By order of the Postmaster General.
W. H. H. TERRELL,
Third Assistant Postmaster General.
Here was a circular addressed to every
postmaster in the United States, if my memory
is not wrong about thirty thousand in number,
and it proposed two questions to them. They
were to make report for six months of, "first,
the number of franked or free letters, and the
amount of postage that would be chargeable
thereon at the established rate of postage."
That referred to letters, letters franked and
letters addressed to persons who were entitled
to receive them free. The second inquiry
was, "the weight of franked or free matter
other than letters," and they were to make
that report. Some thousands of them made
the report and some thousands of them did
not make any report; but with the elements
of calculation afforded by the reports actually
made the Third Assistant Postmaster General
proceeded to calculate in respect to the offices
from which no report was made, and he re-
ported to his superior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, after all these reports were in, a synopsis
of the returns, and he concludes thus:
"From the above returns and estimates tbefollow-
ing grand result is shown: total number of franked
letters lor six months, 10.894,197, postage, $933,070;
printed matter, &c., 2,655,19tj pounds, postoae, $338,-
593 85. Total postage for six months, SI.271,663 86;
total for one year, $2,543,327 72."
That is what he estimates would have been
the postage if postage had been paid on the
free matter, written and printed, that passed
through the mails ; and upon the basis of that
the Postmaster General made an argument in
his report and asked Congress to abolish the
franking privilege. The idea was held out
that the franking privilege imposed upon the
country an annual expense of $2,543,000 in
round numbers.
My friend from Minnesota proposes to re-
duce the appropriations for the Post Office
Department by that sum, as I understand him.
But, Mr. President, nothing in the world was
more deceptive than that. That goes upon the
principle that after the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege the same amount of matter will
pass through the mail and paying postage
will bring to the Government this sum of
two and a half million dollars. But will it ?
Is it intended that the same amount of
matter shall pass through the mail? Is it
expected that members of Congress will send
through the mail at their own expense public
documents the postage on which will amount in
a single year to $676,000 ? Does anybody sup-
pose that at the expense of members of Con-
gress they intend to send through the mail
printed matter, the postage on which according
to this report will be $676,000 a year? Can
we do it? Does not everybody see at once
that that cannot be done ?
Then there are but one of two modes for us
to adopt. One is to quit sending the matter
through the mail at all, and the other is to
send it through the mail and pay for its trans-
mission out of the Treasury of the United
States. . If we quit sending it through the
mail, then the postage will not be received,
then the Post Office Department will not re-
ceive the benefit from the abolition of the
franking privilege that it is here intimated it
will leceive. If we continue to send it, and
pay for it out of the Treasury of the United
States, then the people of the United States
are not benefited one iota. Still it i3 the peo-
ple of the United States that have been at the
expense of the transportation. If it go free,
then the expense of transportation is paid by
the people of the United States, paid out of
the appropriations made for the support of the
Post Office Department. If it is paid for, how
is it paid for? Paid for by one Department
to another Department, the people being the
payers all the time.
Therefore I do say, Mr. President, that
there never was a greater humbug in this
world than this talk about making the Post
Office Department self-sustaining by the abo-
lition of the franking privilege. You make it
self-sustaining by taking money out of the
Treasury and paying it into the Post Office
Department! There never was a greater
humbug than that, and therefore I was very
sorry to see this thing figure pretty largely as a
clap-trap in the late presidential campaign. A
good ground, and the only good ground in the
world, for repealing it was that it was most
shamefully abused. I have in my possession
now a package, containing speeches and polit-
ical pamphlets, handed to me from this Capitol
last summer, every one franked, and four of
them bearing the name of the same member
of Congress, and every one written by a dif-
ferent hand. There was not one single man
that wrote that member's name twice ; four
different clerks franked those four different
documents in the same name. It was time to
abolish it.
Mr. President, in view of these facts, I do
not think that it will comport exactly with the
dignity of the Senate to be legislating as if we
were mad because we had been deprived of
some privilege. 1 do not think we should act
as if we were in a pet because we have lost
some privilege, and now go to work to cut
down the necessary appropriations for the
public service because we are mad at having
lost the franking privilege. I do not think it
will do to rely at all on these estimates or sta-
tistics of the Postmaster General. I dp think,
however, that the abolition of the franking
privilege will lessen the amount of matter
transmitted through the mail. For a little
