1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.,
for trial at this session. In the earliest ease
of impeachment of a judge in this country, in
1803, the case of Judge Pickering, which was
in all respects like this, this exact question
arose and was settled. One House presented
articles of impeachment to the Senate and
another House at the next session prosecuted
those articles as will be done in this case. We
do not expect any other action except the
formal presentation of the articles of impeach-
ment to the Senate. The Senate is a perpet-
ual court of impeachment, and in presenting
these articles we act only as the grand jury.
Now, sir, I desire to put before the House in
one moment the ground upon which this im-
peachment is made. There were a number of
charges against Judge Delahay some of which
could be legally sustained and some could not
be sustained. The most grievous charge, and
that which is beyond all question, was that
his personal habits unfitted him for the judicial
office, that he was intoxicated off the bench as
well as on the bench. This question has also
been decided by precedent. That was the
exact charge against Judge Pickering, of New
Hampshire, who, with one exception, is the
only judge who has been impeached. I send
to the Clerk's desk and ask to have read the
extract marked on page 7 of the testimony.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Question. State that fact whioh illustrates the
extent of its use?
"Answer. It does not illustrate it; it wassimply a
circumstance which called my attention to the fact
of his intoxication. It was a personal matter. Dar-
ing my father's lifetime I was master in chancery
of the circuit court. Judge Morton was clerk of the
court. It was well understood that in the change
of tho court there would be a change of the officers;
and about the first day that Judgo Delehay came
he met mo, and told me that the inexorable law of
politics would require tho removal of Judge Mor-
ton. At the time this conversation took place he
was evidently under the influence of liquor.
" Question. At any time, can you give tho commit-
tee any idea of any instance, or state anything that
he did while sitting on the bench whioh manifested
this condition of intoxication?
"Answer. I can give a number, but I would like
to explain that this would be difficult, since tho
cases of sobriety would be the exception and not the
rule; but in tho order in which I recollect them I
think tho first caso that I recollect upon the bench
was when I was acting district attorney. Some
parties were convicted of various offenses, chiefly
lor stealing Government property, and were await-
ing their sentence, but 1 dolayed tho bringing of tho
parties up for sentence, I think, two or thrcodays, for
tho express purpose of having them sentenced by a
sober court. When they wore sentenced the court
was not sober, and so far from it, that ho could not
recollect tho names of tho parties, the offenses with
which they were charged, nor tho cicumstances
under which tho offenses wero committed. lie
called ono young man up and asked, 'What is your
name V lie answered, giving nothing but his name.
The judge said, 'What did you do it for?' The
man restated .his name, and then there followed
some dispute whether it was his name, the judge in-
sisting that it was not. He then asked him where he
■was from. He answered he was from Maine. Then
tho judge said,' Quite a good lumberman; what did
fyou do it for V aud finally he wound up in a very
jocular form of sentence, *1 guess I will give you
about three years, a lumberman from Manio;'and
so on. About four persons wero sentenced in the
same way, In another case before that, a person
was convicted for forging Government brands, such
as are used in the quartermaster's department for
branding horses and mules. His residence was in
Salt Lake Valley, on the stage route between that
and Leavenworth. lie had been convicted and was
standing up for sentence. The speech of the judge
was substantially to this effect: 'I have known you,
Mr, calling him byname, 'for a number of
years, and I feel very sorry for you, very sorry. I
could send you to any penitentiary in the United
States. I could send you to tho District of Colum-
bia, but I shall send yon to the penitentiary in Illi-
nois, for this reason : the warden in the penitentiary
there is an old friend of mine; and I will write to
him, and he will treat you like a gentleman.' The
next instance that occurs to mc in point of time was
within some two years. The gentlemen of the com-
mittee will probably recollect that iu the revision
of the revenue laws, in one clause, the penalty for
one offense made the minimum imprisonment for
two years and $1,000 fine. In passing sentence
upon some one convicteu of that offense, it was
stated that the party had no property, so that no
line could be collected, and the judge, who was
intoxicated at the time,fined him$1,000, and refused
to fix any other penalty; and, after having done so,
turned round to the crowd, and said, 'You have
been a long time impeaching old Mark Delahay, and
now would be a good time to do it,' That was the
language substantially. In a great number of m-
pWuapeg his charges to grand jurors and petit jurors
were very facetious. He would say to them, * If any
of you have any potatoes to dig, bring them along,
and the court will dig them.' "
Mr. LYNCH. I must object to impeaching
a judge who treats my constituents so kindly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, I
desire to say that there are other charges of
grave wrong done in the court more or less
implicating Judge Delahay. There was one
case of confiscation where $32,000 belonging
to the Government of the United States was
all used up in fees, all of which were paid to
the son-in-law or the brother-in-law of Judge
Delahay. Here is testimony in regard to the
habits of Judge Delahay. I ask the Clerk to
read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
"By Mr. Butler:
" Question. How are the habits of Judge Delahay
off the bench ?
" Answer. I have seen him frequently intoxi-
cated in Topeka, but the greater part of the year I
do not see him at all.
"Question. To what extent have you seen him
intoxicated off tho bench?
"Answer. I have seeu him fearfully drunk, so
that he could not do anything.
" Question. Have you seen him being helped
home?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. How many times ?
"Answer. It is almost impossible to tell. The
times have been a great many when he would be
helped homo from the hotel to his room. I cannot
say I have frequently seeu him taken through the
streets, but I have assisted in taking him home.
"By Mr. "Wilson:
"Question, .What did you do?
"Answer. When I took hold of him he always
went- I would get hold of one arm and sonre other
man would take hold of the other one.
"By Mr. Butler:
"Question. What did you take him home for; you
were not his particular friend ?
"Answer. No, sir; but I was a friend to the court;
I-would help home any man whom I knew that I
saw in that condition.
"Question. Did the people of the town assist him
home indiscriminately?
"Answer. Yes, sir; there were always plenty of
people to do it.
"Question. It was done as it would bo to any man
overtaken with liquor?
"-Answer. Yes. sir; tho men conncctcd with the
court would frequently send and get him out of bad
places; bat if seen in this condition, any person, I
presume, would take him home."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A special
commissioner was appointed to examine into
the matter, and he concludes his report in
the words which I ask the Clerk to read, on
page 37.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The investigation presents to the court the as-
tounding case of the collection of $32,535 43 in be-
half of the United States of America, of which not
one dollar has over been paid to the Government,
and which is all claimed to bo absorbed in fees."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Without
farther troubling the House I ask the previous
question on my resolution.
Mr. HALE. I do not know but what the
Maine delegation should stand by a man who
favored a Maine lumberman, but I think from
what I have heard read that Judge Delahay
ought to be impeached, and I withdraw the
question of consideration.
Mr. VOORHBES. While I shall not object
to the action here proposed, I wish to say that
it is not proven to the minds of several of the
members of the Committee on the Judiciary,
myself included, that there has been any mal-
feasance in office on the part of Judge Delahay,
so far as money transactions are concerned.
I do not make this statement by way of affect-
ing this proposition, but for the purpose of
putting on record that fact. This matter has
been before the Committee on the Judiciary,
of which I am a member, for nearly a year.
At one time I advised the friends of Judge
Delahay to urge him to resign. And 1 would
do so now if the charge of corruption was not
made against him. I cannot advise him to
resign while that charge is pending against
him; otherwise, I would do so on account of
his personal habits.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say simply that the committee do not report
upon the question of corrupt transactions on
the part of Judge Delahay. I have referred
to some portions of the testimony to show that
there have been irregularities in his court upon
which articles of impeachment may or may
not be hereafter framed. But the committee
agree that there is enough in his personal
habits to found a charge upon, and that is all
there is in this resolution. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed t6.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the testimony, a copy of which I have sent to
the Clerk's desk, and which has been printed
confidentially for the use of the committee, be
placed upon the files of the House so that it
may be open to examination by Judge Dela-
hay and his friends.
The SPEAKER. That would be done in
any event.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. MOORE submitted a report; which was
read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 2312,
"revising, consolidating, and amending the laws
relating to pensions," having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House agree to Senate amendmentsnum-
bered 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8,9,11, 12,13, 14,15, 16,17, 18, 20.
21, 22, and 23.
That the House agree to Senate amendment No.
3, with amendments as follows: after the word
" month," in line twenty-four of section four, add:
Provided, That all persons who, under like cir-
cumstances, have lost a leg above the knee, and in
consequence thereof are so disabled that they can-
not use artificial limbs, shall be rated in the second
class, and receive twenty-four dollars per month."
And that the Senate agree to the same.
In lines sixty-four and seventy of section three,
and in lines eleven aud seventeen of section four,
strike out the word "constant" and insert the word
"regular;" and that the Senate agree to thesame.
In line thirty-lour of section four, strike out the
words "recommending the same;" and that the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its amendment No.
4, and agree to the following, to be inserted after
the word "remarriage" in line seventeen of section
eight ♦
That the provisions of this act are hereby ex-
tended to and made to embrace the officers and
privates of the Missouri State militia and the pro-
visional Missouri militia, disabled by reason of in-
jury received or. disease contracted in the line of
duty while such militia was cooperating with tho
United States forces, and the widow or children of
any such person dying of injury received or disease
contracted under the ciroumstauces herein set
forth shall be entitled to the benefits of this act:
Provided, That the pensionson accountof such mil-
itia shall not commence prior to the date of the
passage of this act.
And that the House agree to the same.
That the House agree to Senate amendment No.
10, in section fourteen, with an amendment striking
out the first proviso of said last-named section ; and
that the Senate agree to the same:
That the Senate recede from its amendment No.
10, and in lieu of the words " three thousand " accept
the words "twenty-five hundred; " and that the
House agree to the same;
And that tho Senate recede from its amendment
No. 24 and agree to the striking out of the whole of
section No. 39; and that theHouse agree to the same.
J. II. MOORiE,
E. D. PECK,
M. D. MANSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
D. D. Pit ATT,
O. S. FERRY,
E. SAULSBURY.
Managers on the Dart of the Senate,
Mr. STOUGHTON. I would inquire of the
gentleman what change the report of the com-
mittee of conference proposed to make iu
reference to section six of the act of July 12,
1864?
Mr. MOORE. The House passed a bill
amending the section of the act to which the
gentleman refers, and sent it to the Senate.
The Senate adopted that amendment, put it in
a general bill as an amendment, and there was
therefore no disagreement between the two
Houses upon that point when the conference
was asked.
