940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
while, I think, it will at least have that effect.
Why so? Not that there will not be just as
many letters written as there ever were. The
amount of letters written by a member of
Congress does not depend on his having the
franking privilege in the slightest degree.
About one third of the letters I get, although
I am entitled to receive letters free, come with
a postage stamp upon them, because the peo-
ple who write to me do not know but that they
are obliged to put that stamp 011; do not know
that I am entitled to receive letters free.
Of the letters that I write I shall not write
one letter less after the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege than before. If a constituent of
mine writes to me on a matter that concerns
him, or concerns my State or coucerns the
public interest, I shall respectfully auswer the
letter, and answer it just as willingly, if I have
to put a three cent stamp on, as if I only had
to write my name 011 and say " free and so
will every member of the Senate. It will not
therefore lessen the amount of letters that pass
through the mail, but it will most materially
lessen the amount of so-called public docu-
ments that go through the mail, until, at last,
the demand for them may perhaps be so great
that some mode may be devised by which they
shall have a stamp on and go free, without the
obnoxious " M. C." or " U. S. S." put at the
end of a man's name.
That will be the result. For the time being,
I think for a little while there will be some re-
duction of that, and therefore some redaction
of the expenses of the Post Ofiice Department;
and as the Postmaster General ought to know
what that reduction should be, 1 ana in favor
of making some diminution in the appropria-
tions, not a reduction based upon his extra-
ordinary estimates that he made. I am not
going to base my action upon estimates that I
know are erroneous; but I do think that some
reduction may be made; and therefore I most
cheerfully voted for the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota, and I voted against
laying on the table the amendment offered by
the Senator from Iowa, in order that that mat-
ter might be discussed, and if it. was found that
there might be a reduction in the clerical force
of that Department owing to the abolition of
the fr.mking privilege, there might be some
diminution of the appropriations. If there
cannot be, and if the hopes that have been
held forth to the people of a great reduction of
expenses are all mere mist, that is to disappear
in an instant before thesun of truth, then let us
have the fact known at once ; but let us go on
and provide for the legitimate expenses of the
Department, 110 matter how erroneous may be
the estimates of the Postmaster General.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 desire to say one word
before this vote is t-aken. I should not have
added a word but for a remark that fell from
the lips of the Senator from Maine. I infer
from what he said that he thinks this amend-
ment is offered in an unkind spirit toward the
Post Office Department, and because of some
possible feeling in connection with the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. Nothing could
have been further from my mind at the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not in-
tend to say that I thought the motion was made
in an unkind spirit. I said that I hoped we
would not do anything from which a suspicion
might arise that we were influenced by such
considerations.
Mr. WRIGHT. How that suspicion can
arise here I cannot imagine. I accept as true
all that the Postmaster General says in con-
nection with this subject; and now if we have
taken him at his word, that is to say, if we have
adopted his suggestion of recommendation and
abolished the franking privdege, I think we
should be unkind to him, unkind to the coun-
try, and unbind to the public service if we did
not follow it up with what he said would be
perfectly legitimate and proper, a proportion-
ate reduction in the expenses. That is all
there is about it.
Now, I have only to say in conclusion that
we stand as a party pledged to this country
not only to abolish the franking privilege, but
also to reduce expenditures. We have ful-
filled one part of that pledge by our action; I
propose that we shall follow it up by fulfill-
ing the pledge further. It seems to me we
can do it legitimately and properly in this
connection. I do not suppose we have held
out to the people of this country a promise
that we would do a thing, and having done it,-
when they expect that the consequent reduc-
tion in expenditures should follow, then say to
them that the expenditures of the Government
are to continue just precisely as before this
thing was done. I am satisfied from the vote
of the Senate this moruiug, that we are pre-
pared to go to the extent I have suggested,
and if the Senate shall concur in this amend-
ment, I propose to follow it up as I have
already suggested.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I regret that
this old nightmare is again before us. It is
well known to the Senate that I have always
regarded the proposition for the abolition of
the franking privilege as one of the arrant
humbugs ot the day. 1 regard, of course,
with that deeorum that is proper, the report
of the Postmaster General. Sir, I have lived
as many years as the Postmaster General, and
I have observed for myself the effect of this
measure. I pronounced it when it was intro-
duced, and I reiterate it now, a great humbug ;
and political parties have run the race for
popularity upon one of the most arrant hum-
bugs which the Senate ever entertained. Had
I been here the other day when the measure
passed, 1 should have voted against, it; but it
went as ail humbugs do go, upon the wings of
lightning ; there was 110 chance to discuss it,
j no chance to investigate it, but it was a great
j popular demand to abolish the franking priv-
1 ilege.
] Mr. President, I have now upon me a little
| spirit of prophecy, and I so beldotn have it
1 that I feel bound to utter it while it is 011
me. The mails will not be carried one dollar
, cheaper in this nation than they were last
year; not one dollar will be saved in the
1 transportation, nor will there be one dollar
! saved in the expenses of the Post Ofiice
1 Department. The public are going to suffer
by it, for say what you may, the manna that
we send out from here in the shape of public
documents is longed for by a hungry public.
The intelligence that goes broadcast from
here in the shape of public documents helps
to mold and make up a healthy public sen-
timent upon the doings of ua, their servants.
| That stream, that avenue, that artery, under
i the plea of economy, is to be dried up, and the
! hungry miner on the distant mountains, that I
have the honor in part to represent, will wither
for the want of that sustenance. And this, sir,
all under the plea of economy!
Now, I assert that the Post Office Depart-
! raent of this country was never intended to be
I a source of profit to this nation ; it was in-
; tended to be an agency for the enlightenment
of the general public, and that, too, under the
franks of their representatives. There may
have been frauds committed under this sys-
! tern. My honorable friend from Ohio says
" that he has got four different packages, &c.,
but I tell you the fraud is a mite to what the
people were benefited by it. And the fraud
was in the contents of the packages, not on the
outside, as my friend from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] suggests.
Mr. THUEMAN. They were all Radical
documents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For Democratic distribu-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. Now I propose to test this
question of economy a little. The minute
you attempt to reduce this force the Postmas-
ter General's back is up as high as a shark's
fin. [Laughter.] The minute you attempt
to reduce it to a practical economy there is a
cry for help. Why, sir, the name of these
documents is legion; the weight of them is
almost incalculable; and what are these lazy
clerks going to do there hereafter ? 1 hey had
them all to handle heretofore. They are
needed no more forever. While we have suc-
ceeded in fastening upon ourselves the stamp
of ignominy by acknowledging that we were
fraudulent in our franks, we have not suc-
ceeded in lifting one dollar's burden from that
Department or decreasing a single laborer in
it. Where is the economy ? It is the economy
that exists in the minds of little men.
I would make the Post Office Department
more expansive and more expensive if neces-
sary to carry to the distant portions of your
country the intelligence that is conveyed by
these documents. Senators may think as they
please about this matter, but I tell you if we
canuot bring reform to the practical test of
$10,000 worth to-day, the experiment is a
failure and an expos6 of the most ridiculous
folly in those who voted for it.
My friend from Minnesota has called this a
great reform, and some little by-place post-
master has echoed back his reply, too lazy to
distribute the documents he received, [laugh-
ter,] " reform." Sir, it is a reform that brings
death in its train ; it is to dry up these sources
of information and to leave liie people to lan-
guish and die for its want in the distant por-
tions of this country.
I am glad, Mr. President, of this opportunity
to say what 1 have said on this subject, because
I did not know but that some of my friends
might have thought that I had got so old that
I was imbecile enough to have voted for this
repeal had I been here. No, sir, I should
have opposed it, as I always have, as being the
most arrant humbug of modern times.
What are you going to do with your docu-
ments? I undertake to say, and lrom a cal-
culation, that if any gentleman of the Senate
wants to send the documents to which he has
been heretofore entitled, and is now, to his
constiiuents, it will take one third of his salary
for postage. It will take thirty three per cent,
of his salary for postage, if the calculation of
the Postmaster General is right. Now, I am as
philanthropic as most men, and I am about to
be relieved from the labor of franking, but I
would not give a third of my salary m that
way, bccause I could not; my very stomach
would revolt against it, [laughter;] and yet
we are bound to do it, and my friend from
Maine now wants us to save that Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it would not
interrupt the thread of the Senator's argument,
I should like to inquire what the question is
before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. The question is about saving
$10,000 to the Post Ofiice Department, and
my friend from Maine kicks against it with all
his might. Now I propose to join my friend
from Minnesota and help him save something.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend is talking about another question alto-
gether.
Mr. NYE. Well, I presume so. [Laughter.]
If I should confine myself strictly to the ques-
tion here I should be ruled out of order at
once. [Laughter.] I have listened for three
weeks to my friend on this appropriation bill,
and he has said as little about it as almost any
man, and talked as much. [Laughter.] I
have a right to say why I vote for this amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now come to
that.
Mr. NYE. Well, I do. I vote for it be-
cause, if the Postmaster General has not trifled
with us, he can spare these clerks. I vote for
it because it is a matter of economy to begin
now, and I would advise my friend from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] the father, the Alpha
and Omega of this great reform, to accept
that.
