942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
the exhibits. If you prevent a portion of the
deficiency that appears in the Post Office De-
partment by requiring the Treasury Depart-
ment to pay the expenses of the correspond-
ence of public officers, of course the accounts
of the Post Office Department will stand
much better. If you mean that all matter
which was formerly franked is to be paid for
by private individuals, of course the Treasury
Department will appear no worse and the
Post Office Department will appear better;
but nobody expects that result, because the
postage on the correspondence of the priucipal
officers in many of these Departments would
amount to a great many times more than their
salary. The Secretary of the Treasury does
not receive salary enough to pay the postage
on the documents he is required to semi out
and carry on the coi-respondence of his Depart-
ment. Some provision must be made for that
correspondence. In making that provision
you will take the money out of the Treasury
to make up the deficiency in the Post Office
Department. But I do not see how it is going
to reduce the number of clerks necessary to
carry 011 the business of the Department. On
the contrary, if the correspondence is to be
carried on by means of stamps, or any other
device except franking, I think you will
require to have more clerks to do the business.
I do not see, therefore, any basis upon which
to make this reduction, and I shall not vote
for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
011 agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 81, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard. Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Conklmg, Cooper, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton,
Gilbort, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,Machen,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Pratt, Ransom, Rob-
ertson, s.iulbbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Tliunmin,
Tipton. Vickers. VVost, Windont, and Wright—31
Micing„„,       
Harlan, Logan, Morrill of Maino, Pool, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Solturz,, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Trumbull, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Hill, Howe,
Lewis, Morton, Nyo, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Riee, Sherman, and Sumner—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. Following the amendment
just adopted, I propose, in line thirteen hun-
dred and seventy four, to strike out "sixty-
one" and insert "fifty-seven;" and in line
thirteen hundred and seventy-five to strikeout
"$97,600" and to insert "$93,240;" and I
move also, inline thirteen hundred and seventy-
six, to strike out "fifty" and insert "forty-
seven and also to strike out " $70,000" and
insert " $65,800 ;" so that. the clause will read,
'' fifiy-sovon clerks of class three, §03,240;
lorl v-seven clerks of class two, $92,800.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As lliere is to
be a series of these amendments, with a view
of testing the sense of the Senate—I do not
care to do more—I move to lay this amend-
ment, on the table; and I ask for a division of
the Senate on that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to lay the amendment
ofthe Senator from Iowa on the table.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 15, noes 87.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
. tiou recurs on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which an amendment was agreed to,
on page 62, line fifteen hundred and twenty-
four, after the appropriation to pay judgments
of the Court of Claims. I ask the Clerk to
read that amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment offered
by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,' on page 62,
line fifteen hundred and twenty-four, to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That in rendering any judgement in
favor of any claimant under the act of March 12,
1863. the smd court shall find the amount due, and
shall also find and state whether or not said claim-
ant has proved that he rendered 110 aid or comfort
to the rebellion; and where such claimant shall
have failed to prove that he had not rendered such
aid or comfort, no judgment of said court shall be
paid until a special appropriation therefor shall be
made by Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Chair
whether this amendment was adopted in the
Senate upon a division of the Senate.
The PRESSING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I should like to
inquire whether the Senator who moves to re-
consider voted with the prevailing side 011 that
question.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I voted in the affirmative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator states that he voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is it in order
to move to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to lay it on the table.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted —yeas 26, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Borcman. Car-
penter, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmund®, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Erelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pratt,
Ramsey. Scott, Wilson, "Wmdom, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Oasserly,
Cooper, Davis, Fonton. Goldthwaite. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Machen, Nor-
wood, Pool. Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Ferry
of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, Lewis, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman, Stewart, and
Sumner—19.
So the motion was not argeed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian deparlment, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indiau tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes, and had agreed to other
amendments of the Senate with amendments,
asked a conference 011 the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Aaron A. Sargent of California, Mr.
John P. C. Shanks of Indiana, and Mr.
Samuel T. Marshall of Illinois, managers
at the same on its part.
unrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the franking
privilege.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2987) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indiau department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June SO, 1874,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives ; and
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, it was
Rein/ued, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, if I do not im-
properly interfere with the duties of the
Committee on Appropriations, that the amend-
ments and proceedings of the House, just
reported to us, on .the Indian appropriation
bill be printed, in order that we may see to-
morrow morning exactly how the bill stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to that order. The order
will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand from my
friend from Minnesota that the bill has been
referred to a committee of conference already.
I move to reconsider that order of reference,
with his assent, in order that we may have the
amendments printed and see what is pending
before we go to a conference.
Mr. WINDOM. I am entirely willing that
that should be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the order directing the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference will be
regarded as reconsidered.
executive session.
The Senate, in pursuance of the motion
made by Mr. Frelinghuysen, proceeded to
the consideration of executive business. After
eight minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened, and (at five o'clock p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 29, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
information as to railroads.
Mr. HAWLBY, of Illinois. I ask that by
unanimous consent the bill which I offered
on Monday last, and which is now pending
after the morning hour on Monday, for the
appointment of committees to collect informa-
tion in relation to railroads forming lines of
commerce between States, be ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
secor and company.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (IT. R. No. 3714) for the relief
of Secor & Co., and Perine, Secor & Co.;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
ZBNO SECOR.
Mr. WOOD also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3715) for the
relief of Zeno Secor; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
steam vessels Oi? WAR.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize
the construction of six steam vessels of war,
and for other purposes, with amendments of
the Senate, be taken from the Speaker's table,-
and that a committee of conference be ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. I am willing
to have the amendments printed ; but I thmk
we ought to have an opportunity of consider-
ing them before we order a conference.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I ask that the
amendments be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
joseph h. moore.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3716) to remove
th© cnarge of desertion in the War Department
