1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
against Joseph H. Moore, late a private com-
pany A, eightieth regiment Ohio volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
BERNIIARD BEONSTEIN.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, if not
incompatibie with the public interest, report to this
House all correspondence in his Department with
reference to tlie case and claim of Bernbard Beon-
stein, a naturalized citizen of (he United States,
against Russia.
admission of colorado.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
the unfinished business of yesterday, the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 148) to
enable the people of Colorado to form a con-
stitution and State government, and for the
admission of said State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States. The
gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] is
entitled to the floor for half an hour.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the argument made by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. E. H. Roberts,]
that if the people of the Territories had a
right to elect their judges, their Governors, and
other officers, that would be satisfactory. Now,
I think that would be satisfactory. But the
trouble is that Congress is supreme over the
Territories, and those people would be subject
to the caprice of Congress every session and
every day of the year.
I wish now to read from Kent's Commen-
taries on this subject in regard to the power
which Congress has over the Territories. I
will not, Mr. Speaker, detain the Hou-e by
indulging in general remarks on the decisions
of the Supreme Court, but will arrive as soon
as I can at what the court decided. Chancellor
Kent says :
" The court construed the word 1 regulate' to imply
full power over the thing to be regulated, and to ex-
clude the action of all others that would perform the
E*me operation on the same thing."
Now, Mr. Speaker, it was decided and the
court gave the opinion that Congress under the
power to "regulate" commerce could destroy
commerce. I believe it was contended by the
owners of the brigantine William, under the
embargo act—a case which carae up in Massa-
chusetis—that under the word "regulate"
they could not absolutely destroy commerce.
But it was held by the court that they could ;
and I think the same thing has been fettled
by acts of Congress and by judicial decisions as
to the regulation of the Territories, including
the right to dispose of the same, as well as
other property of the United States. I will
ask the Clerk to read what Chancellor Kent
says on this general subject of the power of
Congress over the Territories.
The Clerk read as follows :
"If, therefore, the Government of the United
States should carry into execution the project of
colonizing the great valley of the Columbia or Ore-
gon river, to the west of the Rocky mountains, it
would aiforil a subject ot grave consideration what
would bo the future civil and political destiny of
that country. It would bo a long time before it
would be populous enough to be created into one or
more independent States; and in the mean time,
upon the doctrine taught by the acts of Congress,
:>nd even by the judicial decisions of the Supreme
Court, the colonists would bo in a state of the most
complete - ubonhuation, and as dependent upon the
will ot Congress, as the people of this country would
have been upon the king and Parliament ot Great
Britain, if they coald have sustained their claim to
bind us in alt cases whatsoever. Such a state ot
absolute sovereignty on the one hand, and of abso-
lute dependence on the other, is not congenial with
the ireo and independent spirit of our native in-
stitutions; and the establishment of distant ter-
ritorial governments, ruled according to will and
pleasure, would have a very natural tendency, as
all proconsular governments have had. to abuse and
oppression."
Mr. TAFFE. I ask the Clerk now to read
the foot-nole.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Cicero in his oration for tho ManiUa.n law, cliap-
tei lourtoeii, doscribcs in ;:Unvin;? colors the oppres-
sions and abuses committed by Roman magistrates
exercising civil and military power in the distant
provinces."
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I would ask the
gentleman, how that applies to my proposition
that the Territories shall have the right to elect
their own officers?
Mr. TAFFE. I would state to the gentle-
man that Congress is supreme, and it has been
decided by the highest judicial tribunal of the
country that territorial authority does not
amount to anything; that all teirirorio.l power
is subject to the whim and caprice of Con-
gress ; and that securities that are intrinsically
good cannot be negotiated for that reason.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Then the objection
is, that Congress has the same control over
the Territories that it has over the finances of
the country. If the argument is strong against
control by Congress over the Territories, it is
just as strong in reference to the finances.
Mr. TAFFE. I am willing to admit the
power of Congress. I have been trying to
establish, this morning, that the power of Con-
gress is supreme and the gentleman cannot
offer any measure of relief because the people
of a Territory have not the ability under any
circumstances to protect or perpetuate their
rights. Gentlemen from Pennsylvania—from
Philadelphia—have been before the Committee
on the Territories, and have asked to have the
railroad charter interests of individuals of
that city protected by law of Congress, and at
the same time they oppose the admission of
any new State.
HOURS OF MEETING.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me to make a request of
the House.
Mr. TAFFE. I will do so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that an order be now made that on
and after Tuesday morning next the House
shall meet at eleven o'clock until further
order.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio ought to know the fact that the com-
mittees, oratall events the leading committees,
were never working so bard as they have been
during this session of Congress. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have more work now
before them than they could dispose of before
the end of this Congress if they were to meet
every day. Since the abolition of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction all those matters go
to the Judiciary Committee, and not only that,
but three cases of impeachment have been
referred to the committee. It is impossible
for the committees to do their work at all if
the House meets at eleven o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At present ihe
pressure is here to get business through the
House, rather than on the committees The
committees have much more business ready
for action than the House can pass at this
session. What we need is to relieve the press-
ure of business in this House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 do not believe that the
change in the hour of meeting suggested by
the gentleman would really expedite business.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
request of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfiej.d?]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object.
admission of colorado.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of Colorado into the
i Union.
Mr. TAFFE. I now ask the Clerk to read
the extracts which I have marked from the
Ordinance of 1787.
I The Clerk read as follows:
i " Ohio.—On tho 27th of February. 1302, a petition
i was received and referred in the Ilonse of lvepre-
! sentatives from the inhabitants of Fairiield county,
! in the Northwestern Territory, praying admission
I into the Union as a State.
I "On tho 9th of April, 1802, a bill passed the House
to enable the people ot the eastern division of the
I Northwestern Xoirihnyto form ,i constitution and
State government, and for the admission of sneh
State into the Union.
On the 27th of April, 1802, it was passed by the
Senate with amendments, which were concurred in
by the Hoiisc, and it bcciime a law by the approval
of the President on the 30th of April, 1802.
# The people of the Territory formed a constitu-
tion, named the State 'Ohio,' and on the 19th of
iieoruary, 1803, an act was passed extending H,e
laws oi ihe United States, not locally ina.plica.ble,
over said State." * * * * * * *
"That the settlers within the territory so to be pur-
chased and offered for saleshall, either on their own
petition or on theorderof Congress, receive authority
from them, with appointments of time and plaec,
for their free males of full age to meet together for
the purpose of establishing a temporary government
to adopt the constitution and laws of any one of
these States, so that such laws, nevertheless, shall be
subject to alteration by their ordinary Legislature,
and to erect, subject to alike alteration, counties or
townships for the election of members for their
Legislature.
"That such temporary government shall only
continue in force in any State until it shall have
acquired twenty thousand free inhabitants, when,
giving due proof thereof to Congress, they shall re-
ceive from them authority, with appointments of
time and pla«e, to call a convention of representa-
tives to establish a permanent constitution and
government for themselves.
" That whenever any of the said States shall have
of free inhabitants as many as shall then be in any
one of the least numerous of the thirteen original
States, such State shall be admitted by its Delegates
into the Congress of the United States on an equal
footing with the said original States, after which the
assent of two thirds of the United States in Congress
assembled, which shall be requisite in all those
eases wherein by the Confederation tho assent of
nine States is now required: Provided, The consent
of nine States to such admission may be obtained,
according to the eleventh ot' the Articles of Confed-
eration. until such admission by their Delegates
into Congress, because any of the said States, after
the establishment of their temporary government,
shall have authority to keep a sitting member in
Congress with a right of debating but not of voting."
Mr. TAFFE. I only wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the provision of the Ordin-
ance of 1787, and to state that, if the condi-
tions of that ordinance amount to anything at
all, there has been a forfeiture and right of
reversion to the State of Virginia, which ceded
all of this territory; for the provisions of that
ordinance have been totally disregarded.
What they may be worth, as a question ot law
I do not propose to debate. I bow ask the
Clerk to read from the convention made with
the French republic in 1803, by which was
obtained the territory including Colorado.
The Clerk read as follows :
*"Abt. 3. The inhabitants of said Territory
shall be incorporated into the Union of the United
States, and admitted as soon as possible, according
to the principles of the Federal Constitution, to the
enjoyment of all therights, advantages, and immuni-
ties of citizens of the United States; and in the mean
time they shall be maintained and protected ia the
free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the
religion which they profess."
Mr. TAFFE. That article says that they
shall be admitted into the Union "as soon as
possible." Now, whether that applied to the
personal and property rights of the resident
individuals, or whether it was a covenant run-
ning forever with the land, is a question I do
not propose to discuss just now.
Mr. STEVENSON. Are there still living
any of these origiual citizens?
Sir. TAFFE. I presume there are some
in New Orleans and St. Loais. They applied
with a very small population, as they did under
the Ordinance of 1787, for admission into the
Union. I only wish to show what was the
intention of the Ordinance of 1787 and ot" the
convention with the French republic in 1803;
and also, if I might refer to it, of the treaty
by which we acquired territory from New
Mexico, for 1 believe it is claimed that a part
of the present Territory of Colorado was
obtained from Mexico.
Mr. COX. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. He has quoted the Ordinance of
1787. Now he ought to know, and I suppose
he does know, that that is hardly a precedent
to be quoted here, for the reason that the Ordin-
ance of 1787, as a condition by which the
Northwest territory was ceded to the United
States, was under the Confederation before
our Constitution, and it fell with the Confed-
eration when the Constitution was adopted.
