1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. COX. The gentleman is shortly to go
to the Senate, and I am glad he is improving,
so that he may in that body shed luster upon
the Golden State which he represents.
Now, Mr. Chairman, all I have to say is
this: when we come here we make a contract
implied with our people.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no.
Mr. COX. I think we do. The law is fixed
at the time we are elected.
Mr. RANDALL. We make this contract
with the people, that we shall take whatever
the law provides.
Mr. COX. I cannot argue with my good
friend, because it is not pretty, it is not very
good, it is not very generous to put money
into our own pockets when We are all the time
trying to save money for the people here.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, every Con-
gress fixes its own pay. No Congress ever
fixes the pay or arranges the salaries for suc-
ceeding Congresses. It is our business, and
does not belong to anybody else. We ought
to do that which is just. It has always been
done at the close of a Congress. It was so in
1857 and 1866. The report fixing the pay was
made from the committee of conference within
two hours of the adjournment of Cougress.
A Member. Oh, no; it was made at the
adjournment of a Congress.
Mr. BANKS. I made it myself. [Laugh-
ter.] It has been the invariable rule thus to
provide for the increase of salary.
Mr. POLAND. I do not think it wasmade
at the close of the Congress.
Mr. BANKS. I was on the committee of
conference myself. It was at the close of the
long session of Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. Of course; and that is
the first session of Congress, and not the last
session.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, at the long session.
Mr. SARGENT. So I thought.
Mr. BANKS. It has been the almost inva-
riable fact that the members most zealous,
most determined, and even the most vindictive
in denunciation of other members who have
voted in favor of increasing salary have been
themselves the very first men after the increase
has been voted to run to the Sergeant at-Arms'
room and get that increase. [Laughter.] I
have no doubt it will be the same now.
Now, sir, I am not afraid to say I will vote
for an increase of salary, and I will give in a
few words my reasons for so doing. When I
was the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives I occupied as good a house as other
mem ers of Congress; and I say I paid iti the
last Congress, I believe the last session of the
last Congress, I paid very riearly as much for
rooms I occupied by myself as I paid for a
large, well-furnished house in the year 1856-57.
This city has expended $8,000,000 in the im-
provement of the city, 1 do not know whether
well expended or not, and it has increased
taxes perhaps beyond those of any other city
of the same size in the country. The whole
of these increased expenses of the city, of
which I do not complain, of which we have all
the advantages, comes upon the people here.
The result is that it increases the cost of liv-
ing here. It increases everything in a very
large degree. It is not unreasonable that we
should increase our salaries so far as to meet
the expenses of living. Now, I do notseeany
reason why the gentleman from California
should be paid for his service $2,000 more
than I am paid.
Mr. SARGENT. I am not.
Mr. BANKS. I think he is.
Mr. SARGENT. I am not.
Mr. BANKS. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. But I insist that I am not.
Mr. BANKS. There is no reason why he
should be paid for his service $2,000 more
than I am paid, and that is what the Sergeant-
at-Arms will tell you he pays him that.
Mr. SARGENT, He will not tell yon any
such thing,
Mr. BANKS. It is an evasion of the gen-
tleman, and the gentleman knows it is an
evasion.
Mr. SARGENT. I know it is not an
evasion.
Mr. DICKEY. It is $2,500 a Congress
more.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is paid $500.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; there is no rea-
son why the gentleman from Missouri should
be paid $500 more than I am paid, because
it does not cost him any more than it does
me.
Mr. SARGENT. He pays more.
Mr. BANKS. I do not yield.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts will proceed without interrup-
tion.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, a member
of this House told me the other day that he
was here during the administration of Andrew
Jackson, and that he stopped at the very best
hotel in the town, where he paid but one dollar
a day for his board and half a dollar for the
horse he kept. That is not one fifth part of
the expenses of a member at this time. The
pay then was certainly much more than we
get in proportion to-day taking into consid-
eration the cost of living, which is every year
increasing.
There is no reason in the world why the
members of the House should not have enough
to pay their expenses, and the expenses of
such members of their families as it is neces-
sary should be here with them. It is not for
the interest of the country, nor for the honor
of the country, that members should be com-
pelled to come here and stay two years without
being accompanied by any members of their
own families. The advice I received from Mr.
Edward Everett when I came here was good
advice: never to separate myself from my
family if I could help it while I was a member
of Congress. And I think that is a considera-
tion worth bearing in mind at the present time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PARNSWORTH. It seems to be on
this occasion as usual, that the very close of
the session is assigned to the most vicious legis-
lation. It has so happened as the gentleman
from Massachusetts has stated, that heretofore,
when an increase of salaries has be.'n voted it
has been on the last night, or at the very end
of the session of Congress, sometimes within
two or three or four hours of an adjournment;
coming in on the report of a conference com-
mittee, without the subject being debated in
either House, without any committee of either
House reporting in favor of it.
Now, it strikes me that the spectacle of this
Congress voting an increase of salaries com-
mencing with the President of the United States
and ending with themselves, such as is pro-
posed on this bill, is a more shameless spec-
tacle to the country than has been exhibited
before. I do not think the gentleman from
California is entitled to any credit with regard
to this ; for he was the very man who made
the first move toward increasing salaries by
submitting an amendment to double the salary
of the President.
Our fathers, Mr. Chairman, who made the
Constitution, and who, it seems to me, were
wiser than we are, provided that—
"The President shall, at stated times, receive for
his services a compensation, which shall neither be
increased nor diminished during the period forwhich
be shall have been elected, and ho shall not receive
within that period any other emolument from the
United States, or any of them."
I know that it is proposed to evade this
technically by making this increase of sal-
aries on the 4th of March next. But does
not the same President sign the bill? Is
not the same President in office to-day as
will be in office on the 4th of March? Is he
not able to exercise the same commanding
influence on members of Congress to induce
them to vote this increase of salary to-day as
he will be on the 4th or 5th of March ? Why
did the fathers put that restriction in the Con-
stitution? It was that no President could
exercise the influence of his official position to
increase his own salary.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that that was the object of putting thin
provision in the Constitution ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Undoubtedly.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And it is for th 
same reason that in many of the State consti-
tutions you have the same provision that a
man's salary shall not be increased while in
office.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman  
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not yield.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not surprised that
the gentleman will not yield when he is reas-
oning in that fashion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
please reserve his conundrums till I get
through. It has come to be too much the cus-
tom that the moment a man gets into office,
into an assistant Cabinet office, or a chief
clerkship, or any such office, he comes to Con-
gress and asks an increase of salary. The
purpose of the fathers was that when a man
takes an office, knowing what the salary shall
be, he shall be content with that salary till he
gets through his term of office.
You are violating as much the spirit of the
Constitution by making this increase of com-
pensation to the President to-day as the next
Congress would violate it if they made it on the
5th of March. It is the same President who
would be signing a bill to increase his own sal-
ary ; and a President that will sign a bill to
increase his own salary, in violation of the
spirit of the Constitution, ought to be im-
peached. I know that this argument is made.
Gentlemen frequently say. "Oh! if a gentle-
man does not want the salaries increased, he
need not take the increase." That is not an
argument. The question is, have we the right
to vote ourselves this money?
Have we a right just as we are leaving Con-
gress to vote ourselves from the Treasury of
the United States two or three thousand dol-
lars apiece? Why, sir, the Credit Mobilier
pales its ineffectual fires before such a propo-
sition as this. There has not been so shame-
less a spectacle presented even by this Con-
gress, and when I say that I say a good deal,
.as this making of a ring and putting the
President of the United States at the head
of it and putting in the Cabinet officers and
the judges of the Supreme Court and then
putting in our own selves, sandwiched in be-
tween these high functionaries. And we are
to do this just when we are shaking the dust
off our feet in leaving this Hall.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to say a single
word. I shall not consume the five minutes
allotted to me in a reply to the attitude as-
sumed by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Famsworth] that the President's salary can
neither be increased or diminished during his
term of office. The gentleman seems to sup-
pose that that was intended as a cheek on the
President. Not at all; it was intended as a
restraint on the Congress, as the legislative
power, that they should not during the Presi-
dent's term have the power either to increase
or diminish his salary ; the intention being to
make the President independent of the legis-
lative power.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the differ-
ence?
Mr. MAYNARD. The object was that the
President during the term for which he was
elected should as far as compensation was
concerned be entirely independent of the legis-
lative power of the country, and should not
have his compensation increased or diminished
at the caprice of the legislative body, whether
instigated by hostility or for any other reason,
and if we pass this law any time before the next
