94.4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. TAFFB. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. The Ordinance of 1787 did not fall with
the Confederation, for the Constitution adopted
it and accepted the territory with the condi-
tions which the ordinance imposed. But, as
I have already said, I believe that to-day, if
the State of Virginia would insist upon it,
there has been a forfeiture and right of rever-
sion, if conditions mean anything at all. If
they do not mean anything, then it should be
established that there is no use in inserting
them. There were conditions inserted in the
convention with the French republic in 1803.
If they mean anything, regard them; if not,
let us say so at once and forever.
Mr. KERR. I would like- to address the
House a few minutes on this subject.
Mr. TAFFE. My time is very short, and
I have some other matters I would like to
present. If the House will extend the time I
will yield.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I would like to
appeal to the gentleman for time to make a
few remarks.
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman from
Kansas should give us a little time.
Mr. TAFFB. I am not from Kansas.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Well, from Nebraska; it used
to be Kansas and Nebraska.
Mr. TAFFB. A great many men think I
am from Colorado, running for the United
States Senate. [Laughter.] I wish to dis-
abuse their minds on that subject.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to say one word only
about this bill. 1 was here in Congress in
1856, 1857. and 1858, and along there, when
we had the Kansas and Nebraska matter up
before us. After a long and terrible straggle,
the general consent of the country I think
was given to one proposition: that no Stale
should hereafter be admitted into the Union
except, it had a sufficient population for one
Representative in Congress. That proposition
may not have been acted on altogether since
then.
Mr. TAFFE. I would ask the Hon se to
extend the time for ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. COX. I will not vote for anything that,
will put in peril the Federal system. This bill
does it in this way : it calls on New York with
her five million people to put herself on an
equality with a Territory with onlv forty thou-
sand people. 1 do not propose to negative a
large State in that way.
Mr. TAFFE. The matter with the gentle-
man is that he gives way to the furor that is
raised by small country newspapers. I hold
that there is no public sentiment against the
admission of new States. Now, if gentlemen
had the spinal column to stand up here and
make public sentiment, rather than to yield to
senseless clamor, they would do better than
they do now. ] ask that the time be extended
for fifteen minutes.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Say half an hour.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The gentleman
has more time now than he requires. Mr.
Speaker, how much of the half hour to which
the time was extended yesterday remains?
The SPEAKER. Fifteen minutes.
Mr. TAFFB. Does the House agree to
extend the time for half an hour? If so, I
will agree to yield to the gentleman on the
other side.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to ex-
tending the time for half an hour?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Yes, sir; I object.
It was extended half an hour last night.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the time will
be extended fpr half an hour, so other gen-
tlemen may be heard.
Mr. SPEER. Let us extend the time for
half an hour so the gentleman from Utah can
have an opportunity to speak.
. Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The time was ex-
tended yesterday for half an hour, and it has
been yielded by the gentleman from Nebraska
entirely to the friends of the bill.
Mr. SPEER. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to extending the time for fifteen minutes
so the gentleman from Utah may be heard.
Mr. TAFFB. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I think this bill
ought not to pass—that Colorado has no right
for admission at this time into this Union. I
do not think the Territory has the requisite
population to entitle her people to admission
as a State. I do not think the best interests
of the Territory would be promoted by its ad-
mission. I think the burdens in the way of
tax would be greatly increased by it.
I am sure the interests of the country at
large would not be promoted by the admission
of that State at this time; and for two or three
reasons: in the first place, I think no State
with such an inconsiderable population as that
Territory now has should be created in this
Union. If it were only to have one Repre-
sentative in this House, without anything more,
perhaps I would not object; but here is a Ter-
ritory, with not more than one half, perhaps
not more than two fifths, of the voting pop-
ulation that there isin my district to-day, which
asks admission into this House, not alone to
enjoy the advantage of a Representative here
who shall in all respects possess the same
powers that any other gentleman does on this
floor, but, by reason of his admission here,
they propose to entitle that State to two Sen-
ators in the other branch, of the Congress of
the United States, giving them three Repre-
sentatives for less population, a less voting
population by three fifths, than there is in any
full-grown district in the United States. This
kind of policy strikes directly at the great
principle of fair and equal representation, and
quite destroys that just balance of power, and
of representation, and of equality of statehood
which ought always to bo as fully preserved
as possible m our Union.
Now, I protest against a policy of that kind
as being in direct antagonism to the ori-
ginal principles of our Government. It was
never the intention of the fathers that we should
go on increasingand creating a system of small
borough States all over the country, whose
power should be equal to those of the might-
iest States. I might say with justice, that of
late years so.me of these States which have
been admitted into the Union might be called
" rotten boroughs " They were controlled by
political tricksters and managers, and by polit-
ical adventurers, in order to secure for them-
selves seats within either House of Congress
as members of I,be House or Senate. 1 am
sure the political character and the public in-
terests ol the country have not been promoted
by the increase of States with the rapidity
with which that has been going on for the last
fifteen years. There is one State in this Union
to-day whose voting population is only four-
teen thousand, while the voting population of
my own district is over thirty-four thousand
five hundred. I say such inequalities as that
strike at the very fundamental principles of
our Government. It was the intention of the
framers of the Government it should be in
some respect representative, but that idea of
representation should be based on proportion-
ate population and equality to some extent at
least. I am not willing to say I would deny
to a Territory that had a full population for
one Representative here the advantage of ad-
mission with two Senators in the other body ;
but I do say we ought not to admit any Terri-
tory hereafter until it possesses at least the re-
quisite population for one Representative in
this House, and I understand that to be the
policy which has heretofore been adopted by
the Government, not, I agree, in any irrepeal-
ahle enactment, but by the most solemn form
of expression in several enactments heretofore
made.
Now, the gentleman from Nebraska, [Mr.
Tafpe,] who repels the idea that he comes
from Kansas, (I do not blame him for that
just now,) says that we ought to admit Col-
orado as a State because when we acquired
that Territory under the treaty of 1803, between
the United States and France, there was in-
corporated in that treaty a covenant to the
effect that the people of that Territory should
be protected in their liberty and property and
in the religion which they profess, and that at
some time deemed proper by the United States
they should be admitted into the Union with
all the rights of citizens of the United States.
Mr. TAFFE. . I beg to correct the gentle-
man. The language of the treaty is "as soon
as possible;" and I think it is "possible"
now.
Mr KERR. Mr. Speaker, I am sure the
gentleman does not mean to make a misstate-
ment about that treaty.
Mr. TAFFE. I think I do not. The article
in question has been read.
Mr. KERR. I will incorporate in my re-
marks the precise language of that treaty. Its
effect, is this: that the people of the Territory
shall be admitted into the Union, with the full
enjoyment of all the privileges of a State, as
soon as they can be consistently with the laws
and Constitution of the United States. There
is in that stipulation no waiver, no surrender,
no qualification of the complete power of the
United States over the admission of its Terri-
tories, under the Constitution, as States in the
Union. The people of that Territory come
hereupon precisely the same footing of "gov-
ernmental control and jurisdiction as all the
other public Territories of the United States.
That is all there is in that stipulation. It
imposes no obligation that can in any way-
change, or affect, or modify the public policy
of the United States, which must be determ-
ined under our Constitution by themselves
alone. That Constitution gives to the United
States ample and complete power to regulate
the admission of Territories into the Union as
States.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman what he construes to be the meaning
of the word "regulate." I am willing to
admit that Congress is omnipotent'over the
Territories; and that is my objection to un-
necessarily continuing in a territorial condi-
tion citizens of the United States, with all their •
duties aud obligations as such, but none of the
rights and privileges of citizens in conducting
the affairs of the Government.
Mr. KERR._ I do not admit, Mr. Speaker,
that Congress is omnipotent over the Territo-
ries : by no means.
Mr.TAFFE. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to arraign
the gentleman on this question of squatter sov-
ereignty.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will let
me answer one question before he asks an-
other. We shall get along better in that way.
Mr. TAFFE. I do not know but the gen-
tleman's time has expired.
Mr. KERR. _ The Speaker will announce
when my time is out.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask the gentleman how
he construes the word " regulate, " as applied
to commerce and to the Territories, according
to the decisions of the courts and the acts of
Congress.
Mr. KERR. I do not like to have the gen-
tleman take up all my time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerk] has expired.
Mr. KERR. 1 think 1 ought now to be
allowed to answer the gentleman's questions
out of his time, as he asked them out of my
time.
Mr. TAFFE. As the gentleman has dis-
puted my interpretation of the article which
was read this morning from the convention
of 1803, I will have it read again.
The Clerk lead as follows:
"Akt. 3. Tho inhabitants of the said Territorv
shall be incorporated into the Union ot the United
states, and admitted tis soon as possible,
