1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1905
presidential term commences, of course we
fix the salary for that whole time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise for the purpose of moving
to close debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope my colleague
will allow me to be heard.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the commit-
tee will agree that at the close of my col-
leagne's speech a vote shall be taken, I will
not object to his being heard.
Mr. PLATT. I have been trying to get the
floor, for I want to occupy five minutes.
Mr. G-ARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I must
insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juue 30,
1874, and for other purposes, ana had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
is now considering the thirty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate. All the amendments be-
tween that and the eighty-ninth relate wholly
to the salary of clerks in the various Depart
ments, or rather to the numbers of clerks to be
appropriated for. I move that all debate on
the amendments from the thirty-seventh to the
eighty-ninth inclusive, be limited to ten min-
utes on each amendment.
Several Members. Say on the whole of
them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing to
do so if the House will sustain me, and I sub-
mit ray motion in that form.
The SPEAKER. That will require a two-
thirds vote for a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make my
motion in that form.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether in these amendments to which his
motion refers there is included anything in
reference to a clerk of a eommiitee of this
House who holds thirty shares of the Credit
Mobilier stock ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know nothing
about that.
Mr. HALE. We have passed that point
long ago. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) it was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the Senate amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 2691) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEVENSON. The order just made
by the House gives a little more dignity to the
pending question. It seems to me that gen-
erally the salaries that are paid by the Govern-
ment are sufficient to secure the services of
good and proper men to perform the duties
required and to compensate them for their
services. It believe thisremarkincludesmem-
bers and Delegates in Congress generally.
Doubtless there are men in Congress who
could make more money at home; and per-
haps there are some of us who could not make
so much. Doubtless there are men in Con-
gress who spend more money than they get as
their salary ; and doubtless there are men who
spend less.than they get. Bnt I speak of tbe
42i> CoxtK Sess.—Mo. 120.
average; I believe that the pay is good com-
pensation for the average of us, take us as we
come and go. I am satisfied with it myself.
If we should all return home, and nearly
half of us are going out, and go at our ordin-
ary business again, we would not do as well
on the average as we are doing here.
As to getting as much salary as we would
like to spend here in Washington, that is out
of the question. That element of the popula-
tion of Washington who cater to our wants
and tastes seem to have formed a combination
to take all we receive and all that we can
possibly get, no matter how much it may be.
And they get it and will get it. You may
double the pay of members of Congress and
these people will double their exactions. Why,'
sir, when you come here and look about to
find a place to board at, hotel or boarding-
house, the proprietors look at you, measure
you, inquire where you come from, what you
are, and how much you get, and eharge yon
accordingly. [Laughter.]
We get enough now for economical living,
enough for plain, comfortable living, if we will
only be satisfied so to live. We can never get
enough for extravagant and fashionable living,
for there is no end to that. Instead of rush-
ing on with the current of extravagance, fash-
ion and folly under the lead of the most vola-
tile and extravagant population in the Union,
who swarm here in winter with their wealth
and gayety, we should rather return to the old-
fashioned, solid, plain, substantial habits of
our fathers.
1 send to the Clerk's desk and ask to have
read a letter from a plain and humble constitu-
ent of mine, who is so modest that he will not
sign his name. [Great laughter.] It expresses
my sentiments very tersely and well.
Cincinnati, January 9,1873.
Mr. Stevenson: As one of your constituents, I
desire to enter my protest against your voting for
any increase in the salary of the President or of any
other official of tbe United States. Instead of an
increase the people expect a decided decreaso in
the Government expenditures. A country over
twenty-one hundred million in debt eannot afford
to increase the pay of its officials.
As the signing of my name might be construed
into an effort to obtain notoriety, of which X am not
a seeker, I subscribe myself „
A REPUBLICAN,
who has twice supported you for the position whieh
you occupy, and who has twice supported General
Grant.
Mr. COGHLAN. I would inquire if that
letter is signed with a cross ?
Mr. DICKEY. That letter is just like the
speech ; it is anonymous.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Did the gentleman write
that letter himself ? [Laughter.]
Mr. PLATT. The gentleman from Ohio
states that we ought not to_ vote ourselves
more than enough compensation to enable us
to live here reasonably, comfortably, and not
extravagantly. I agree with the gentleman.
I believe he lives in that way himself. I
would like to ask him what he pays per month
for his board. Without knowing the exact
figures, I believe he pays more for his board
and rooms than he receives as pay for his ser-
vices as a member of Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. That may be; but
that is my business; and I am not obliged to
do so.
Mr. PLATT. Do you not pay for board
and rooms more than your salary?
Mr. COX. Do not ask him that. I board at
the same hotel. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I do spend more ; but
I spend my own money; and a man who boards
at the Arlington ought to spend his own money.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PLATT. We poor fellows who have
no means outside of our salary cannot do as
the gentleman does. Gentlemen who have
private incomes of $25,000 or $80,000 a year
are very conservative on this subject.
The question being taken on the pending
amendment it was concurred in.
The forty-ninth amendment was read as
follows:
Strike out in the paragraph ill regard to the Treas-
urer of the United States, Assistant Treasurer, &c.,
the following:
Provided, That §8.500 are hereby appropriated to
be expended in the office of the Treasurer of the
United States at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. In this amendment the
Committee on Appropriations recommend
non-concurrence.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that the
amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This provision,
in which the Senate proposes to non-concur,
simply permits the Secretary of the Treasury
to allow certain officers in the office of General
Spinner, who are under great responsibility in
the handling of public money, six or eight
hundred dollars a year additional, instead of
making a permanent increase of salaries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It allows the Secre-
tary to distribute $8,000 or $9,000 among his
favorites.
The question being taken on concurring in
the amendment it wag non-concurred in; there
being—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
The fifty-ninth amendment of the Senate was
read, as follows:
Insert the following:
Branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina;
Salaries, branch mint, Charlotte, North Carolina:
assayer, $1,500.
"Wages of workmen, branch mint, Charlotte, North
Carolina: assistant assayer, $1,300; fireman, laborer,
man of all work, $292.
Contingent expenses, branch mint, Charlotte,
North Carolina: chareoal, fuel, lights, acids, fluxes,
crucibles, freights, postage, books, stationery, mis-
cellaneous items, repairs of assaying department,
and incidental expenses, $1,500.
The CHAIRMAN. In this amendment the
Committee on Appropriations recommend
non-concurrence.
Mr. SHOBER. I move that the House
concur.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is always
taken upon concurring.
Mr. COBB. I wish to inquire of the
Chair 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. COBB. I wish to inquire whether the
ten minutes allowed for debate have been
cxibfiuscd
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a purely local
matter and 
Mr. HALE. I object to debate, debate has
been closed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wished to ask unani-
mous consent for the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Cobb] to occupy two minutes
in explaining the character of this amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is objected to.
The question being taken on concurring in
the amendment, there were—ayes 47, noes 25 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Foster, of
Ohio, and Mr. Shober were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re
ported—ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The eighty-seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate was read, as follows:
In the appropriations for United States couri:
strike out " for two retired justices pf the buprom"
Court, $16,000," and insert, "for one retired jnstie •
of the Supreme Court, $S,000."
Mr. MERRIAM. I move to amend tho
amendment of the Senate by adding the fol-
lowing :
And that the salaries of the clerks of the Supreir >
Court of the United States and the supreme cou -
of the District of Columbia, respectively, shall n •
exceed the sum of $6,000 per annum ; and that t1
excess of fees collected by them, respectively, abm
that sum shall be paid into the Treasury of ti -
United States, and that said clerk® shall respective' •
make semi-annual returns of tbe amount of fe<--
received fay them to the Secretary of the Treasu: ;■
of the United States.
