946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
of militia to prison at Camp Douglas because,
forsooth, on the reception of a new set of in-
struments by their band they met, as he ruled,
in violation of that proclamation ! So strin-
gently has that proclamation been enforced as
law that my constituents have been threat-
ened with various pains and penalties if, in
the capacity of militia, they should assemble to
take part in the celebration of the anniversary
of their country's independence.
The representative from Montana must
have been but partially informed or he would
never have hazarded the assertion that the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
has been clothed with such power by the
territorial Legislative Assembly that it has
been enabled not only to cut off apostates from
the church, but to pursue such apostates with
the rigors of the law, despoil them of their
substance, or to expel them and their wives
and children from Utah. I could cite many
instances to the contrary, instances of men
who have been brought to Utah by the gener-
ous help of her pioneers, who have accumu-
lated fortunes from her people, who have
taken unto themselves wives from her daugh-
ters, who have apostatized, and who have been
cut off from religious association, certainly,
but who still enjoy in Utah not only their
fortunes, but the society and ministrations of
the extra wives with which they provided
themselves immediately before their apostasy.
The "Mormon" Church, Mr. Speaker,
possesses and exercises no greater corporate
powers or privileges than are enjoyed by every
considerable religious body in this country,
and visits upon its recusant members only those
spiritual penalties which elsewhere follow
apostacy.
The law, since repealed, whose object was
to simplify and purify the practice of law in
Utah, seems to have specially excited the
indignation of the representative from Mon-
tana. My people are experimentalists in
social sciencc in more ways than one.
Female suffrage has been adopted, and in
the constitution of the proposed State of
Deseret minority representation and three-
fouiths verdicts in civil eases are all pro-
vided for. I apprehend that, our pioneers
thought it well to discourage lawyers, or at
least to endeavor to induce them to tell the
truth. They seem to have abandoned the
effort, for the law is repealed. Can we mar
vel at the feelings of the gentleman from Mon-
tana on this subject, when we learn tlmt ho
resided for a while at Salt Lake City and his
shining legal abilities were permitted to re-
main unnoticed? Was it then that his dis-
like of the pe.ople and the laws of Utah was
born? Was it then that this law against the
lawyers loomed up to him as the cause of his
non-success?
Much has been said about largo grants of
lands and franchises of roads by tho Legislative
Assembly of Utah. With respect to the first,
let tin: say that, with the exception of one or
two tracts of land which have been proffered
and are held for the purpose of conducting an
experiment in agricultural cooperation, there
is not a person, association, or corporation in
Utah owning one thousand acres of land, while
the bulk of the land is held in small tracts, a
farm of eighty acres being an exceptionally
large one in that country, and ninety per cent,
of the householders of Utah are freeholders,
living on their own premises. When this is
contrasted with the thirty and forty and fifty
thousand acre ranches of California, and the
private principalities of Nevada, Idaho, and
Montana, the answer is all sufficient.
We are told, too, about franchises.! Why,
Mr. Speaker, there is not, to my knowledge,
a _ toll-road- in Utah ; while the Legislatures
of Montana, of Idaho, and of Nevada, when
Nevada was a Territory, and the gentleman
from Montana was, as 1 understand, a member
of her^ territorial Assembly, granted toll-road
franchises, and canal and raiiroad and water
and gas privileges, until a map of the toll-
roads of Nevada Territory resembled a pic-
ture of an immense centipede, with a leg.
sprawled up every canon and on both sides
of every stream.
The land office has been open at Salt Lake
City over two years. There are hundreds of
thousands of acres of unclaimed land open to
preemption and homestead entry, and those
who wish to till the soil may do so unmo-
lested ; but the people who, according to the
gentleman from Montana, are treated so badly
are not agriculturists, except moral agricul-
turists. They prefer to mine for the precious
metals or prospect for Federal offices.
The truth is, Mr, Speaker, that new coun-
tries need special local legislation in order to
induce capital to embark in public improve-
ments. There was a good deal of this class
of legislation m all the Territories until Con-
gress intervened and prohibited it, but there
was far less of it in Utah than in any of the
other Territories.
The gentleman complains that the probate
courts have had chancery and common law
jurisdiction given them by territorial legisla-
tive enactment. Well, what of it? The Ter-
ritories of Nevada and Idaho, under organic
acts of similar phraseology, gave their pro-
bate courts divorce jurisdiction, common law
jurisdiction to the extent of $500, chancery
jurisdiction to the same amount, made the
judges masters in chancery for the district
courts, and, I think, gave them limited crim-
inal jurisdiction. Neither the policy nor the
authority of this legislation was ever questioned
in the other Territories. It is true that a
Utah territorial district judge has decided that
the Legislature of the Territory had no power
to grant this jurisdiction ; but the question is
on appeal to the United States Supreme Court;
and, pending its decision, I can only say that
the rulings of the United States Supreme
Court heretofore on the decisions of Utah ter-
ritorial jurists have not been of a character to
encourage the idea that they rank among the
great jurists of the country.
But, Mr. Speaker, my imperfect hearing,
which prevented my distinguishing all his
remarks, with ray imperfect memory of that
which I did hear of the gentleman's speech—■
which is not in the Globe to-day, but seems
to have been withheld for revision—will not
permit me to follow him further.
The people of Utah are neither disloyal to
the Government of the United States nor dis-
regard lul of its rights. But they do not de-
serve to bo condemned for their endeavors to
obtain officers and judges of their own choos
ing. The Federal officers and judges sent to
the Territories have not usually been men who
could achieve public confidence at home.
There are honorable exceptions; but as a rule
it is the debris of the legal profession and
the discarded of political conventions who
are appointed to territorial office.
The Territories have been recognized dump-
ing grounds for political garbage, and Utah has
lutd her sha.'e. Her people have heard of the
decisions of Federal judges in a neighboring
Territory being bought and sold, with scarcely
a decent cover to the corruption. They have
known a Federal judge to open court in a con-
dition of inebriety with a harlot seated by his
side on the bench. They have kuown a Fed-
eral judge to sell his appointment for a year's
salary, and his successor agree to pay the
price and trust to luck to support his family in
the interim ; and they naturally prefer judges
who, if they are not learned lawyers, are at
least honest men.
The laws of Utah, which the gentleman
from Montana demands shall be revised, may
not be perfect—there is probably room for im-
provement; but certainly these laws have
never impeded the public progress nor dimin-
ished private wealth. There is no Territory
in this Union where taxation is so lijfht or pri-
vate lights more secure. There is no Territory
in this Union where capital embarks with
more confidence and freedom. .Railroads are
built without subsidies of money or land.
Manufactures thrive without public bounties,
and there'is not one dollar of public indebted-
ness of any character, either territorial or
local, county or city.
Mr. Speaker, Utah is no longer an unknown
country. The great overland road runs through
it, and the pulses of trade throb to its utmost
confines. From the assault of the gentleman
from Montana I appeal to the House and the
country, and I appeal with confidence, for
many honorable gentlemen upon this floor
have visited Utah within the last two years.
I ask them who it is that complains of Mor-
mon laws and usages? Is it the capitalists
and business men, and mill and furnace and
mine-owners ; or is it a little knot of emigrant
political adventurers and their satellites?
Twenty millions of capital from the Atlantic
States and Europe have, during the last two
years, been invested in industrial enterprises
in Utah, and from those who represent and
manage it you shall hear no word of censure
or complaint. It is the lazzaroni alone whose
voices beat the air in loud denunciations of
the Mormons ; and even they can find no pres-
ent material for ammunition ; even they are
compelled to go back from six to sixteen
years, and grope in the twilight of fable for
causes of complaint.
Mr. Speaker, 1 shall present no comparison
of the relative claims of Utah and Colorado
to self-government. I offered the amendment
admitting Utah as a State because I thought
that if the House should feel inclined to be
generous to Colorado it might at the same time
be disposed to be just to Utah. I attempted
to withdraw my amendment because I was
threatened that unless I did so the gentlemau
from Montana, who was loaded for the con-
tingency, would be discharged at my constit-
uents. I hoped by the withdrawal to placate
the assailant of my people; but it seems that
his piece had to be spoken.
Mr. Speaker, I would not now withdraw the
amendment if I could, and I hope that the
House will suffer a vote to be taken upon it.
1 expect to live to see Utah an honored and
equal Commonwealth in the American Union.
It not now, there will come a day when her
people will be accorded the equal manhood
citizenship which they crave. Of all the plans
proposed for solving the so-called "Mormon
problem," it has not yet been suggested that
the tiuest statesmanship is to treat'the people
of Utah exactly as you would treat industrious,
honest people anywhere. If there is a social
problem to solve, it is either below or above
the reach of political legislation. If there is
a religious anomaly to be harmonized, it is
not to be reached by packed juries or judicial
missionary operators.
There are one hundred and thirty thousand
industrious, earnest, thriving, progressive peo-
ple in Utah. Each month adds to their num-
bers. They are residents, and not meie deni-
zens of the land. They aiv reclaiming the
waste desert lands ; they are building eanals
and railroads ; they are constructing factories
and mills ; they are opening mines, and felling
forests, and making the mountains lurid with
their furnace fires. They desire local self-
government a_s only the oppressed and ostra-
cized can desire it. They deserve local self-
government as only the peaceful and inde-
pendent of soul can deserve it.
Some day they will cease to be the slan-
derer's target and the politician's foot-ball.
Some day Congress will be just to Utah.
Mr. CLAGETT. I should like to have ten
minutes to reply to tho remarks of tho gentle-
man from Utah.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. TAFFE. , I had promised some time to
the gentleman from Arizona, [Mr. McCor-
micKj j but as the time is now limited he requests
