1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. SARGENT. How much are these
officers now allowed ?
Mr. MERRIAM. I understand they each
receive $25,000 a year—more than three times
the salaries of the judges.
Mr. HALE. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Merriam] to modify his
amendment by inserting after the word " sal-
aries" the words "emoluments aiid fees," so
that the total compensation of these officers
shall be limited to $5,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is a limitation now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not the fact that these
officers have to pay their deputies ?
Mr. HOAR. I object to debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division on that
amendment until I can understand what it is.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I call for a division.
The committee divided; and there were—yeas
sixty, noes not counted.
80 the amendment was-concurred in.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move further to amend
by adding the following proviso.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, If any clerk of the Unitod States circuit
or.district courtshall fail to make report as required
by the third section of the act of February 26,1853,
lie shall upon tho recommendation of tho Attorney
General be removed from office by the judge by
whom ho was appointed: And Provided further. It
shall be the duty of tho judge of tho propor court
to reinovo any commissioner appointed by him on
the recommendation of the Attornoy General for
cause shown.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I am compelled to make the point of order on
that amendment. This is new legislation, and
we ought not to go on with new legislation on
the appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the amendment cannot be
received.
The Clerk read the eighty-eighth amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Tn line flfteon hundred and thirty-nino insert
" 500," so it will read:
Court of Claims:
For salaries of five judges of tho Court of Claims,
at $1,500 eaoh: the chief clerk, $3,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the effect of this
amendment to increase the salary of these
judges ,$500 each ?
Mr. HALE. We understand that is the
present salary of those judges.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say
that the present salary of these judges is fixed
by law at $4,500 ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was so un-
derstood by the committee, and therefore the
amendment of the Senate was concurred iu.
Mr. SARGENT. It was a mistake and this
is correcting the mistake.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is suggested
to me that we may be mistaken in this matter,
and I move to non-concur so we may find ex-
actly what the law is and adjust the matter 111
the committee of conference as it ought to be.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The eighty-ninth amendment of the Senate,
fixing the total amount to correspond with the
previous amendment, was non-concurred in
also.
The Clerk read the ninetieth amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
Add to the following :
To pay judgments of tho Court of Claims, $100,000,
tho following proviso:
Provided, That in rendering any judgment in favor
of any claimant under the act of March la, 1863, tho
said court shall find tho amount due, and shall also
find and state whether or not said claimant had
proved that he rendered no aid or comfort to the re-
bellion ; and where such claimant shall hare failed
to prove that he had not rendered such aid or eom-
lort,. no judgment of said court shall be p.iid until a
special appropriation therefor shall be paid by Con-
cress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman}
the majority of the Committee on Appropria-
tions recommend non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a single
word before the vote is taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has recog-
nized the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, on this ques-
tion I wish to say this: the Morrill amend-
ment was put on in the Senate. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations were divided, as has been
stated by the chairman of the committee. I
move to concur for the purpose of bringing it
before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House in reference to the fact that
this amendment accomplishes nothing which
the law as it now stands does not accomplish
by the act of March 12, 18G3. Iu the second
section of that act it is provided that any per-
son claiming to have been the owner of any
such abandoned or captured property may at
any time within the two years after the sup-
pression of the rebellion present his claim
for that property or the proceeds thereof in
the Court of Claims, and 011 satisfactory proof
to that court of the ownership of that property
and tho proceeds thereof, and that he has never
given aid or comfort.to the present rebellion,
he shall be entitled to recover. The Supreme
Court holds that any pardon or amnesty is
affirmative proof he has never rendered any
aid or comfort to the rebellion. Under the
amendment it is precisely the same. The
Court of Claims must have proof he has given
110 aid or comfort to the rebellion. It is not
what he is required to prove, but the charac-
ter of the elements of the proof showing that
he had given no aid or comlbrt to the rebellion.
As I have already said, it is decided by th«
Supreme Court of the United States, that a
pardon or amnesty is such affirmative proof.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Let mo ask
the gentleman from Tennessee whether that
would be a sufficient compliance with the
statute in claims presented to the southern
commission or to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ?
Mr. MAYNARD. The southern claims
commission is organized under the resolution
of this House, and from it there is no appeal.
They have interpreted our statutes as mani-
festly the phraseology intended they should
be interpreted by the Court of Claims, the
Supreme Court overruling them in the inter-
pretation of this act, that the production of a
pardon or proclamation is sufficient compliance
with the requirement that they have rendered
no aid or comfort to the rebellion.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Is the com-
missioner of claims not less subject to the
decisions made by the Supreme Court by rea-
son of the fact 110 appeals lie from their de-
cision ? Are they not as much bound by the
construction put upon the law by tho United
States Supreme Court as if appeals did lio?
Mr. MAYNARD. I should have to answer
that, not categorically, but with an explanation.
The decisions of tho Supreme Court are ob-
ligatory on the Court of Claims. They are
not obligatory on the claims commission ; they
are merely persuasive, not binding in the
sense in which the decisions of a superior
court on a bill or writ of error are binding on
the action of an inferior court.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Are they not
obligatory on the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. MAYNARD. I should have to answer
that question precisely in the same way. They
are obligatory on him as to the subject matter
which is in litigation, not beyond that.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I desire to say one word
to the House in justification of a people who
have been assailed here on the floor this
morning not only as a baud of robbers and
conspirators but as the most dissolute com- -
munity in these United States. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] made his
attack quite unnecessarily as a part of the
argument he was then addressing to the
House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have just ccme in,
and would ba obliged to the gentleman if he
would repeat what he has just been saying. .:
Mr. CHIPMAN. I only want to say that!
desire to repel the attack which the gentleman
has made on this community.
Mr. STEVENSON. What was it 1
Mr, CHIPMAN. The attack was a charge
of conspiracy, which if true would hold to
answer before the criminal courts of the coun-
try every man and woman in the District.
The gentleman alleged a conspiracy on the
part of these people to rob those who come
here to visit or remain temporarily.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not mean to
charge an indictable offense.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I do not care to go into
the question of contract between those who
visit Washington and the hotels and boarding-
houses where they may put up. That is a
matter which each gentleman who visits Wash-
ington must regulate for himself, although I
might show that prices are no- greater here
than elsewhere, all things considered. But I
I want to say to the gentleman fromOhio [Mr.
Stevenson] that the resident population stand
as high in all the moral qualifications which
go to make up true meu and women as any
community in the United States; and no one
ought to know that better than the gentleman
from Ohio.
For refinement, hospitality, not to speak
of business enterprise, I challenge comparison
with any city or State.
Where can you find greater security of life
and property; where is there less rowdyism
and crime; where a more peaceable, law-abid-
ing, church-going, temperate community than
in the city of Washington?
And, Mr. Chairman, I include no class of
our citizens to the exclusion of others. I take
the whole community, old residents and the
uew wide-aWake element of more recent com-
ing. Take them all in all, and I assert that a
purer moral atmosphere pervades no commu-
nity than in Washington city.
The associations of the gentleman must
have been different from those of members
generally, to justify him in saying that we are
a dissolute people, a depraved people, given
to practices of licentiousness, as- might be
inferred from his remarks. But I believe the
gentleman's associations will not justify such
a charge, and therefore he ought not to have
made it. Now, sir, there are nearly one hun-
dred church organizations in this District.
There are nearly that number of Sunday-
school organizations; there are large numbers
of charitable organizations. And these church
and kindred associations are in larger propor-
tion than can elsewhere be found. Every
thing that enters into vital Christianity, every
thing which helps "to elevate the moral tone of
a community, is in as healthful operation here
in this as in any city of the country, and I call
members around me to bear witness to the
fact.
Sir, there has not been this winter—nor has
there been so far as I can at this moment re-
member for three or four winters back—a single
case of, scandal brought to the attention of the
public. Where can you point to another city
with so good a record or where almost weekly,
certainly monthly, society is not startled by
some shocking immoral disclosure.
Pardon me, Mr. Chairman, for mentioning
such a matter, but there is so much untruth
afloat away from here about the corrupting
influences of Washington city life that I want
to brand it here and now as baseless, and I
cannot allow the accidental and I hope unin-
tentional remarks of the gentleman to pass
