1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
that he have permission to print certain re-
marks on this bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none,and the permission is granted.
[The speech of Mr. McCormick, of Ari-
zona, will be printed in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLAGETT. Mr. Speaker, on yester-
day, when this bill was before the House, and
when the amendment of the gentleman from
Utah, [Mr. Hooper,] and also the amendment
of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent,] were before the House, I had'the honor
of making some remarks upon the question
whether Utah should or should not be admitted
into the Union as a State. I do not remember
that I took occasion to refer to the gentleman
from Utah at all; in point of fact I am willing
to go further and say that my friend from Utah,
as compared with the measure before the
House, was scarcely worthy to be considered of
such importance as to cause me to direct my
remarks to him personally.
Now, then, what I did say, and proved by
the statutes of the Territory of Utah, was
strictly germane to the subject-matter on which
the House is called to act, and I have no
apology to make either to the gentleman from
Utah or to the House for presenting what I
believe to be a mass of valuable information
on this subject.
We have again presented here the spectacle
that was presented once before, last winter,
when my friend from Utah rises in his place
and declares that no grants of land have been
made in the Territory of Utah, or that if any
such grants were originally made, there are
to-day no large tracts of land owned by the
different church dignitaries.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Neither the peo-
ple nor the Legislature of Utah have ever
claimed to own the right to the soil.
Mr. CLAGETT. The excuse made by the
gentleman from Utah is too thin to constitute
a disguise. He says that the people of Utah
and the Legislature of Utah have never as-
sumed to control the right to the soil. If they
have not assumed in this respect to strike down
the statute laws of the United States, it has
been because they had not the power to do so.
In advance of the opening of the land offices
in that Territory there was but one title which
existed in the Territory, and that was the title
of possession. That title was one which was
monopolized by these large legislative grants,
in some instances embracing hundreds of
square miles of territory ; in other instances
the timber upon eutire ranges of mountains;
in other instances a monopoly of the water
privileges of the Territory. 1 find in these
statutes—1 cannot just at this moment turn to
the page—-a grant of land to the gentleman
from Utah himself, in Skull valley, in the
Territory of Utah; a grant to him and his
associates of a large section of country, from
which. I presume, he receives more or less
advantage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CLAGETT. And let tne call atten-
tion to another thing. My friend from Utah
[Mr. Hooper] goes on to declare that there
are no toll roads in Utah. Why, sir, this book
of statutes which I hold in my hand is literally
filled with charters for toll roads.
Mr. HOOPEE, of Utah. Let me say 
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Utah
[Mr. Hoopkr] had thirty minutes allowed him,
and he occupied that time without interrup-
tion. He must not now interrupt the gentle-
man from Montana.
Mr. CLAGETT. I find on page 180 of
this book of statutes, embracing the laws oi
Utah from 1851 to 1870, a grant of a toil road
to my friend from Utah himself. I might turn
to several other statutes in which I should find
similar grants, not only to the dignitaries of
the church, but also to the gentleman from
Utah. It is said these tilings existed only 111
the early days of the Territory. Sir^ they
existed sufficiently long to enable this church
to plaster its grants over every particle of the
soil of Utah. It existed sufficiently long to
enable them to prevent outsiders from settling
there, until, by aid of their emigration-fund and
emigration society, they brought in from Europe
hordes of immigrants and settled them upon
these legislative grants. Then when they were
all occupied, and could be held by the com-
mon law of possession, they turned around and
repealed these grants.
The gentleman has declared that these same
laws were passed in Montana and Nevada. I
deny the statement. Laws have been passed
in those two Territories, in both of which I
have been a resident, for the purpose of estab-
lishing toll roads; that is, to grade roads
through the mountain country, charging a rea-
sonable rate of toll in order to maintain
them. And let me call the attention of the
gentleman from Utah to one fact; and that is,
that when I first crossed the plains, in going
over a little mountain stream, somewhere in
the Rocky mountains—I think it was on the
Lander cut-off, a stream so narrow that I
could on land have jumped its width in five
jumps—I saw two horses ferried over, and the
emigrant being destitute of money with which
to pay the toll, the ferryman kindly took one
of the horses to pay for the toll of both.
[Laughter.]
Sir, it is in consequence of these enormous
levies of rates of toll that travel through that
country was impeded, and every conceivable
injury was inflicted upon emigrants, so that
they have succeeded in building up, as they
call it, this power in the country. Certainly
there is a bitter irony in the claim which the
church leaders persistently put forth to the
American people, that they have made this
desert to blossom as the rose, when we reflect
that for twenty years, by means of every judi-
cial and legislative usurpation they could de-
vise, they have absolutely prohibited anybody
else from engaging in the same work. .
Now, let me call the attention of the House
to what in reality constitutes some of the great
practical difficulties in the way of a residence
in Utah. Let me correct ray friend from
Utah, and say to him in passing that I never
was a resident of that Territory ; and that
" my distinguished talents," therefore, never
had an opportunity of being appreciated in
that locality. I wish to call the attention i
of the House to a few facts. Turn to these
statutes here—and I will confine my remarks
to that which the gentleman cannot deny—
turn to these statutes themselves, I say, and
you will find that every little hamlet and town
in the whole Territory of Utah has been in-
corporated. Not only have they been incor-
porated, but powers have been conferred upon
their boards of aldermen as great and plenary
as can be found in the charter of Philadelphia
or the charter of New York. The powers
of legislation which are not, exercised by the
territorial Legislature are delegated to ihese
little municipalities. In practice they regulate
everything above the earth, and on the earth,
and under the earth, under that broad grant
of power which on yesterday I read from, the
charter of the church, to regulate the duty of
man to his Maker.
Why, sir, let me call attention to a few illus- ;
tratiotis which I happen to know. In the |
first place they granted to Brigham Young
the exclusive right of manufacturing all the '
whiskey in the Territory. [Laughter.] And
I must say that the character of the whisky
that was manufactured by that monopolist was
in strict keeping with the sentiment that dic-
tated the law. [Laughter.]
In addition to that, they go on ana provide
that, large numbers of different kinds of busi-
ness shall not be carried on by anybody except
the corporations themselves. For instance, a
iniin cannot go to Salt Lake City and start a
butcher shop, as a matter of course. VV hy?
Because he runs in conflict with the corpora-
tion butcher shop, which is carrying on the
sale of meat. My friend from Utah shakes
his head. Let me call the attention of the
House to a few facts in connection with this
matter. A man named P. H. Lannan, an old
acquaintance of mine, who was at one time a
sheriff of Story county, in the State of Nevada,
elected on the Democratic ticket, the county
that embraces within its limits the celebrated
Comstock quartz lode, this man Lannan went
to Salt Lake City some time last year, and ap-
plied for permission to keep a batcher shop.
Permission was denied him, the reason being,
in the language of one of the board of common
council, that he had stated that he intended to
start a butcher shop in that city. It is required
that a person wishing to start such a business
must come, in the first instance, before this
wonderful board, which is armed with pawers
beyond anything that can be conceived of in
a municipal government. That question is in
litigation now. Suit after suit, prosecution
after prosecution, has been instituted against
that man for opening a butcher shop, on the
petition of nearly every tax-payer in the ward
in which he established his business.
Now, let uslook a little further, and see how
they practically carry out this policy. In the
first place, they prohibit the sale of any whisky
in Salt Lake city except by the corporation
whisky shop. That question was brought
before the courts, and the courts decided—
JudgeTitus, Ibelieve, rendering thedeeision—
that the ordinance was void, inasmuch as it
discriminated in favor of one person as against
others. They then proceeded to got around
that decision by levying a tax so great that it
was utterly impossible for an outsider to pay
it. This tax was to be paid by the corpora-
tion as well; but they took it out of one pocket
and put it into the other, by this meaus pay-
ing no tax at all. This tax of hundreds of
dollars per quarter was levied upon all out-
siders for the purpose of retaining this mo-
nopoly. Paul Engelbrecht, whose case came
up iu the Supreme Court last year, paid out in
three years for a license, under this system,
for the privilege of keeping a whisky saloon in
the city of Salt Lake, the modest sum of
$19,500. Charles Trowbridge, for the priv-
ilege of keeping a whisky saloon, with a bil-
liard hall attached, paid to that corporation
in four years $27,000. In the mean time, all
these whisky-shops put together, in the city of
Salt Lake, were not selling as much of the
execrable stuff as the corporation shop, ran by
the saints of the church.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLAGETT. I would like to continue
my remarks a little further.
Many Members. Go on.
The SPEAKER. How long an extension
does the gentleman ask?
Mr. CLAGETT. I will not occupy more
than five minutes more.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to ex-
tending the time of the gentleman from Mon-
tana for five minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr. COX. I ask that the gentleman from
Utah be allowed five minutes in reply.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
that proposition ?
There was no objection.
Mr. CLAGETT. The gentleman from Utah
has declared that in Nevada, Montana, and
other Territories the power has been given to
the probate courts to exercise chancery juris-
diction. I deny it. The power has been given
to exercise common-law jurisdiction to a lim-
ited extent. It was given in Nevada, Ibelieve,
to the extent of cases where the debt or sum
claimed did not amount, to more than §300,
but no chancery jurisdiction whatever was
granted. My friend from West Virginia, [Mr.
TIbbefobd,] who was practicing law there at
that time, will confirm what I say upon this
point. That law was held by the best_ attor-
neys in the Territory to be in conflict with the
organic act; and it was not enforced except
