1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
unchallenged ana become recorded without
refutation upon the records of our proceed-
ings.
This, Mr. Chairman, is a common error,.I
am sorry to say, throughout the country, and I
am replying tojhe gentleman simply because
he has seemed to give countenance and en-
couragement to that error.
Sir, the birds of prey, the men and women
of ill repute who flock to Washington, come
and go with Congress. [Laughter.] I say to
him that the permanent resident population of
Washington ——
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
does not mean to reflect upou the members of
this House. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHIPMAN. I will except my friend
from Tennessee if he feels hurt by my re-
mark. Of course I do not refer to members.
In short, Mr. Chairman, I claim for Wash-
ington city a moral atmosphere above that of
most of the State capitals ; above that of
many of the large cities of the country, and
greatly above that of any European capital
that can be named.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to strike out
the last word. I regret exceedingly that the
very courtly, elegant, eloquent, accomplished,
able, and admirable representative of the
District of Columbia—the first it ever had, and
may it ever have one as good—takes offense at
what I have said. I meant no offense to his
constituents; generally I respect them and they
have treated me kindly. I used one word
which I desire to modify. I am informed, and
that is my recollection, that I said " dissolute."
1 do not exactly mean to apply that as a per-
manency, [laughter,] and therefore withdraw
the expression. I did not use the word in its
gross meaning, but rather as a synonym for
extreme gayety and frivolity—as exhibited here
in the fashionable season. Having been herein
the summer when Congress was not in session,
1 found the city sufficiently quiet and sober.
And, Mr. Chairman, while that term may
not in any sense be applied to the old, perma-
nent, aristocratic population of this city in
their wealth, grandeur, and pride, based chiefly
on long-coiuinued receipts from the Treasury
of the. United States, who will compare favor-
ably with the residents of any capital city, yet
I do.say that the population which we find
here in the winter is au extravagant and frivol-
ous one beyond that of any other city. And
in this respect the city is like a watering-place
in the season, and probably this accounts
somewhat for the high prices prevailing.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Who controls that popu-
lation?
Mr. STEVENSON. I agree wit-h the gen-
tleman that it is drawn here by the sessions of
Congress. The visitors and those who entertain
them mainly come because Congress is here ;
and the butterflies of fashion come and spend
money freely. But, sir, we are not obliged to
follow in their gilded train. . We are not here
for that purpose.
Mr. PERCE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr, Steves son] one ques-
tion, and that is, what all this discussion in
regard to the people of the District ot Colnm-
lumbia has to do with au attack upon the
southern people; for the Morrill amendment,
as I understand it, is nothing more nor.less
than that?
Mr. STEVENSON. I am responding to the
remarks of the gentleman from the District.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, m
the amendment this House is now asked to
concur. It is the same in effect as the amend-
ment oifered by the gentleman from New \ ork,
i Mr. Smith,] pendinga previous consideration
of the appropriation bill upon this floor. Ihis
House rejected the latter s amendment by a
very decided vote. _
The question recurs again )ii another iorni,
but equally objectionable, being nothing less
than asking Congress by legislative enactment
to invade the jurisdiction of the judicial depart-
ment of the Government. An analysis of this
amendment, now well-known to the country
as the "Morrill amendment," contains three
provisions especially which are obnoxious,
because of the constitutional restrictions
implied:
1. In providing, after the jurisdiction of the
court has attached, the, form of the judgment
to be rendered and the nature and character
of the proof to be submitted, Congress is in-
vested with the power to interfere with the
constitutional duties of the court.
2. In declaring, after the rights of the par-
ties have vested under the act, that the effect
of the executive pardon shall not have the
effect given it by the courts, thereby denying
the claimant the rights which legally result
from his pardon, is to impair an unquestioned
prerogative of the Executive.
3. In providing that the payments of judg-
ments rendered in favor of claimants who fail
to make the proof required conditional upon
a special appropriation, is to invest Congress
with the power to refuse to give effect to the
acts of the other coordinate departments of
the Government.
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is no
stranger to this House. It has been repeat-
edly offered and as oftep rejected. The
country is not yet prepared to sanction an
innovation which, if carried out to its logical
results, will abolish that limit which separates
the legislative from the judicial power. To
do this is to declare that the three coor-
dinate departments of the Government, the
legislative, the judicial, and the executive,
are no longer separate and independent in the j
sphere of their respective jurisdictions. It is1
true that this amendment proposes alone to
affect the claimant, without disturbing the
subject-matter of liis claim; to prescribe;
what he must prove with regard to his past ;
relation to the Government before he can ob- !
tain the assent of Congress to the payment of |
his judgment. The right to make this re-
quirement includes the right also to further j
inquire into the validity of the judgment itself.
For if Congress has the discretionary right to
say that certain judgments shall not be paid,
it has equally the power to review the whole
case, and set aside the decision and finding of
the court; the status of the claimant beiDg no
more the subject-matter of review by Congress
than the amount and character of the claim.
Thus by this amendment Congress is consti-
tuted a court of appellate jurisdiction.
The proposition is nothing less than to get
rid of the act of 1803 by an amendment to an
appropriation bill to declare that act by which
the Court of Claims was invested with the
jurisdiction of these claimants and their de-
mands a nullity by denying the validity of
judgments rendered by its authority. This is
proposed, too, after the rights of these claim-
ants have become vested by legal judgments
which define and fix the liability of the Gov
eminent. Where, sir, do yon find in the act
of 1863 or any of the subsequent, acts making
more specific the jurisdiction of this court, any
reservation by Congress of the right to exer-
cise the supervisory control over this court
and its proceedings as claimed by this amend
ment. Congress by this act of 1863 volun-
tarily deprived itself of all jurisdiction over
claims for cotton seized by the agents of the
Government by transferring its jurisdiction to
this court. This jurisdiction can only be
regained by the repeal of the act of 1863 by
direct legislation.
It cannot be done by imposing new terms
upou these claimants and thereby make the
payment of the judgments rendered in their
favor conditional after the court has taken
jurisdiction and administered the law as re-
i quired by Congress. A case has been made,
the jurisdiction of the court has attached, a
trial has been had, a judgment has been ren-
dered, the liability of the Government to the
claimant has been ascertained arid fixed. In
all this, does not. the rights of the claimant
become vested, and how can you by adopting
this amendment, which imposes upon him new
conditions, avoid making a law which is -re-
troactive, and would so be held by the Supreme
Court. Sir, gentlemen in the previous dis-
cussion of this question seem to hold to the
idea that the Court of Claims is not a court,
but a kind of auditing commission to prepare
legislation for Congress. Sir, this may have
been the character of the Court when first con-
stituted, but after the date of the act of 1863
it became for all purposes within the limit of
its jurisdiction one of the inferior courts of the
United States. The Supreme Court in the
case of Kiun 13 Wallace, says of it thus :
"Since then, the Court of Claims has exercised
all the functions of a court and this conft has tafeen
full jurisdiction on appeal. The Court of Claims is
thus constituted ono of those inferior courts which
Congress authorizes, and has jurisdiction of eon-
tracts between the Government and the eitisen from
which appeal regularly lies to this court."
Thus the Court of Claims from the time
Congress conferred the jurisdiction to hear
and determine these eotton claims has been as
much one of the inferior courts of the "United
States, as absolute and independent"within
the sphere of its jurisdiction as the district
or circuit court.
It is not denied but that Congress has the
power from time to time to " ordain.and estab-
lish inferior courts," but wlien established they
become a part of the judicial system and pass
beyond the supervisory control of Congress.
The Constitution provides that:
" Tho judicial power of the United States shall be
vested ill one Supremo Court and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish."
And that instrument further provides that—
" The judicial power shall extend to all cases in
law and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties which shall
be made under their authority."
Thus it is seen that the "judicial power" is
vested in the courts and extends to " all eager"
in law or equity arising under the laws of the
United States. Any legislation by Congress
that prevents the judicial power from extend-
'ing to any "case" under the laws'of the
United States is an assumption of power by
the legislative department that no exigency
can justify, and no result to be attained can
excuse, ft is such an assumption of power
which threatens to change the very system
of our Government itself,' by imperiling the
independence, if not the existence, of that
tribunal to which the people of this country
look in the last resort for the protection and
maintenance of their constitutional rights.
It may be regarded by some that we exag-
gerate the importance of this question in this
connection.
But, Mr. Chairman, who will undertake to
define the limit to. which Congress may not
go if the precedent is once established as by
the adoption of the amendment under consid-
eration ? For if Congress has the dicretionary
power to withhold the appropriation to pay
these judgments, it has equally the power to
make void any other judgments, and thereby
make nugatory the judicial power itself. But
it is implied by this amendment that the court
of clai ras has failed to administer the law as re-
quired by the terms of the act oi 1883 by
rendering judgments in favor of claimants
who fail to prove that they gave no "aid or
comfort" to the enemies ot the United States
in the late war, but accepted instead thereof
as a substitute for such proof the proclama-
tion of pardon by the President and its ac-
ceptance by the party. The court holding
that amnesty blotted out all guilt and made
the man innocent in the eye of the law. If
amnesty was plead and shown and thereby the
