M8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
for a short time, nor was the jurisdiction Con-
ferred by it exercised by the courts except to
a limited extent, and as the conviction grew
that it was in conflict with the organic act, it
gradually passed into desuetude. But chan-
cery jurisdiction has never been given by any
Territory whatever except Utah to any other
tribunals than those which by the organic act
were made the exclusive depositaries of com-
mon-law and chancery jurisdiction.
My friend from Utah goes on to say that
Utah is way in advance of the age in one
respect; that female suffrage has been adopted
there. What was the reason for adopting that
measure? Was it because the "peculiar in-
stitutions" of the Territory recognize in any
degree whatever the elevation, purity, and
sanctity of women? No, sir. When the Union
Pacific railroad was completed, and when the
influx of miners and other outsiders began to
come into the Territory, the chiefs of the
Mormon hierarchy, fearing that power would
pass from their hands by the gradual change
of population by adopting female suffrage,
trebled their voting power by a stroke of the
pen: and I am credibly informed, upon the
authority of at least fifty men, that in practice
in that Territory any child or woman from
twelve years old and upward, that can wear a
yard of calico, exercises the prerogatives of
a freeman, so far as voting is concerned.
{Laughter. ]
Now, sir, let me consider what has been
said with reference to the influence of the rail-
road in that Territory. It was the idea here
for many years that whenever the Union Pa-
cific railroad should penetrate into that Ter-
ritory and whenever the branch lines which
would operate as feeders to that road should
be constructed this whole Mormon problem
would be settled. Let me call attention to the
fact that there has been scarcely a mile of
railroad completed in Utah except such as has
been built by the Mormon Church. How was
it done ? In the charter, some provisions of
which were read yesterday, power is granted
to regulate tithings; and the legality of that
power cannot be called in question in any
court of justice. In other words, a tax of
one tenth is levied by the church as church
dues upon the gross income of any man, and
whenever any one is so poor that the money
cannot be realized in that way, (and I must
say in response to what has been said by the
gentleman from Utah that most of the people
of Utah to-day ate the poorest people in the
United States,) then labor tithes are charged
up against the man. I am informed that these
labor tithes are nowsomefive years in arrears.
These tithes amount to one day in every ten
working days, making nearly a month and a
half of such taxation upon every year's labor
of the workingman.
Now, then, when this grand trustee who
holds in his hands all the powers conferred
upon him by the law of the Territory of Utah—
when he decides to build a railroad from
Smithville to Jonesville, it is incorporated
under the local law of Utah, and he issues his
high mandate to the faithful to come in and
labor in behalfof the church. And they come
in with their labor, and labor stock is issued
by the railroad company to pay for the con-
struction of the railroad. It is considered as
labor due to the church, and Brigham Young
being trustee in trust for the church, and en-
titled by virtue of the powers conferred upon
him to hold the property of the church, the
stock is in effect issued to Brigham Young him-
self. And the consequence of these things is
they can construct railroads in Utah at a cost
of not exceeding ten per cent, of the entire
actual cost of the construction. All in the
shape of money that is needed is just sufficient
to buy the necessary provisions to feed the
laborers while they are at work, and to buy
the spikes necessary to construct the tempo-
rary bridges which may be erected. The result
of all this is, that to-day, notwithstanding
the fact of the completion of the Union Pa-
cific railroad, Brigham Young has the exclu-
sive monopoly of all the railroad enterprises
in Utah ; and his policy is, and I speak from
knowledge in this regard, that whenever any
Gentile company attempts to build a road
in Utah over a given route, and files ap-
plication for articles of incorporation, he,
Brigham Young, instantly has issued over its
head articles of incorporation for precisely the
same route, and issues his mandate to all his
laborers and puts them to work on the ground,
and when they have completed the road and
driven off the other company he then takes
off these laborers and puts them on some
other projected road, and so'by using this same
railroad force alternately in different places,
and on different routes, he has driven from
the field of competition nearly every Gentile
company which has attempted to build a rail-
road in Utah. Before the completion of the
Union Pacific his policy was enforced isola-
tion. By this policy, sustained by the legisla-
tive and judicial usurpations of which I have
spoken, enforced when necessary by assassina-
tion, wholesale and in detail he was able
successfully to ward off all hostile immigration
until he had peopled the valleys of Utah
exclusively with his own followers. Now,
when railroad communication with the outside
world and the recent mining discoveries have
rendered the old system of isolation no longer
possible, he boldly enters the field of compe-
tition, and by the control which in many
forms he holds over the labor of the people,
openly bids defiance to all opposition. As
usual, his strongest ally is the stolid apathy
of Congress to these outrages upon violated
law, and the cries for relief from his grinding
despotism which come up from seceding
Mormon and Gentile alike from this pest-
house of the nation..
Mr. Speaker, I could go on for an hour
speaking on this question, but I will simply
say one thing in conclusion. I have studiously
avoided, both on yesterday and to day, saying
anything upon what is called the religious
phase of this Mormon question, but whenever
you touch it all disenssion will in some man-
ner or other insensibly glide into this so-called
question of religion ; therefore, I am not sur-
prised that my friend from Utah should make
his pathetic appeal to the House upon this
ground. As 1 am, as it were, dragged into its
consideration, I will merely say that the plea
of religion is no reason why this matter should
not be investigated, nor why the ordinary laws
which regulate and protect the rights of per-
son, property, liberty, and reputation in all civ-
ilized countries upon the face of the earth,
should not be put into exercise in Utah. An
institution which profanely claims to rule by
divine right; which by affirmative laws, con-
cocted with deliberate cunning, denies to us all
those privileges which we have been taught to
believe are our most precious birthright as
American citizens; which forcibly expels us
from the public domain ; which pries into the
secrets of the fireside; which enforces its de-
crees by assassination ; which tears the crown
jewel from the diadem of woman's purity, and
takes from her the holy bond which honors
her in all the nations of the earth ; which has
elevated lechery to the dignity of a religious
dogma, and burns incense upon the altars of
an unhallowed lust; and above all, and as a
crime against the future, which ages of for-
giveness cannot condone nor the waters of
ocean wash out, which yearly writes in letters
that blister as they fall the word "bastard"
across the branded brows of an army of little
children—such an institution is not entitled by
any right, either human or divine, to hide the
hideous deformity of its nakedness with the
mantle of religion nor seek shelter under the
protecting Eegis of the civil law. [Applause.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, addressed the
House in remarks which will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman from Utah be allowed five
minutes more.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I presume the
House will not refuse me the boon of printing
a few additional remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. TAFFE. I wish to allude only to the
feature of this discussion in relation to Utah.
It was only by the objection of a gentleman
from the State of New York [Mr. Merriam]
that it appears before the House at all.
The gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hooper]
tried to withdraw his amendment. I did not
wish to make the motion to reconsider the
main question, and thus the subject has come
before the House for discussion. As that is
pending it will have to be voted upon.
Now, the only question before the Committee
on Territories was this, and it is a question that
has not yet been settled in this country: if we
impose irrevocable fundamental conditions as
to polygamy, and they reinstate it the next
day after admission, the question is whether
you could oust them from representation in
Congress. I think you could ; but in my opin-
ion the majority of this House think you could
not.
Mr. MERRIAM. Mr. Speaker, as the gen-
tleman from Nebraska alludes complainingly
to my refusal to the withdrawal of the amend-
ment of the Delegate from Utah, I feel that
an explanation is due to the supporters of the
bill for the admission of Colorado, as it is no
purpose of mine to prejudice the bill by in-
sisting upon action by the House upon this
amendment. My object has been that we
might have the information so ably presented
to the country by the gentleman from Montana,
[Mr. Clagett], and also that by the action of
the House, through a vote upon the admission
of Utah as a State, we "shall disabuse the
minds of the citizens of Utah of an impres-
sion generally entertained by them. When
visiting Salt Lake one year ago last summer I
found from conversation with many of the
saints and some sinners that it was their firm
conviction that Utah would be admitted to
the sisterhood of States with the crime of
wholesale prostitution emblazoned upon her
banner, and that they based their hope upon
the favorUtah's Delegate was entitled to from
Congress by reason of the personal purity of
his life. 1 found it impossible to impress
upon the minds of the leaders of polygamy,
who have gone into the canons and plains of
Utah to gratify those lowest passions of man-
kind, avarice and lechery, and there, hidden
from the gaze of civilization and morality,
to establish a tyranny over womanhood unex-
ampled elsewhere in the world, that the very
foundations of our Government are based upon
those great principles dear to freemen every-
where, of equal jusliee to all mankind, and
that there could be no justice in permitting a
citizen of Utah to enjoy undisturbed twenty-
two wives, while a citizen of New York having
two wives should be incarcerated in the peni-
tentiary ten years, i am glad an opportunity
occurs to disabuse the minds of the citizens
of Utah of a cherished d'elusion.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is this debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is proceeding by gen-
eral consent only.
Mr. MERRIAM. I desire to say but a few
words more.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object to any
further discussion. Let us proceed to vote
and dispose of this matter.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay this bill and
amendments on the table. That will dispose
of Utah and Colorado at once.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was about to make that
motion.
Mr. TAFFE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
