1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the Treasury on the 9th of February, 1872,
aa the proceeds of saleof abandoned and cap-
tured property, the sum of $22,612,187 51.
The cotton captttred at Mobile, Savannah,
and Charleston, was sold for coin, thereby
realizing a premium in currency amounting to
$2,569,708 29, which is not included in the
above gross amount. Of the whole amount
of proceeds of captured and abandoned prop-
erty covered into the Treasury it is estimated
that $19,204,211 was from the sale of cotton.
Suits were brought by claimants within the
two years as prescribed by the statute to the
amount of $15,727,788 35, leaving in the
Treasury, which becomes forfeited to the Gov-
ernment by the laches of the parties who did
not bring suit within the limit as provided by
the law, the sum of $10,981,480 04.
Now, sir, it can be seen by making the cal-
culation that the interest upon the gross sum,
including the premium on the saleof the coin,
the proceeds of cotton seized at Savannah,
Mobile, and Charleston,'that has accrued to
the United States (for which she does not pro-
pose to account) from the date of the seizure
of this property to the present, will exceed the
whole amount sued for by claimants in the
Court of Claims. Away, then, with all this
cantabout depleting the Treasury of the United
States for the benefit of "rebel" claimants.
To adopt this amendment, Mr. Speaker, is
to violate those principles of justice that ought
to be held sacred by every Department of the
Government; to violate the plighted faith of
the nation which is pledged to abide the award
of the arbiter of its own selection; to antag-
onize the jurisdiction of the courts and bring
into collision the legislative and the judicial
power; to fetter by legislation the constitu-
tional prerogative of the President in granting
pardon and amnesty to the citizen ; in a word,
to make a law without precedent in legisla-
tion and without authority in the Constitution.
Mr. BINGHAM. ' I do not desire to occupy
the time of the committee long upon this sub
ject, and I should not have spoken at all but
for the fact that I deemed it myduty to oppose
an amendment touching this act of 1863. I
opposed it because I thought that the amend-
ment of the act of 1863 that we then consid-
ered in the committee did injustice alike to
the Government of the United States and to
its citizens.
I beg leave to say that the amendment of
the Senate is in many respects an improve-
ment over that on which the House acted and
very wisely rejected it. Although I do not
ask any one to vote on my judgment, I think
myself that the Senate amendment is an im-
provement upon the act of 1863, and therefore
I shall give it my vote. I think it will do no
injustice to any citizen of the United States.
1 will say in brief, here and now, that the
Senate amendment under consideration re-
quires the Court of Claims and afterward the
Supreme Court of the United States on appeal
to give judgment in favor of any citizen of the
United States whose claims shall have been
established by testimony which in the absence
of the limitation of the act of 1863 would en-
title him to judgment; with those limitations,
let me say to gentlemen, a single judge could
deny absolutely any judgment however clearly
established in favor of a citizen of the United
States.
I wish to add another word, that I have
never yet seen a single instance where the
Congress of the United States refused to appro-
priate money to pay a judgment pronounced
in favor of a citizen of the United States against
the Treasury of the United States by its own
court of last resort. And I do not believe the
time will ever come when the Representatives
of the people will refuse to make appropria-
tion to carry into effect a judgment pronounced
by their own court of last resort in favor of
one of their own citizens, for that reason I
feel disposed to support this bill.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether under this proposed amendment
a party goes into a court who has not a par-
don, but in other respects has a just claim,
must not the Court of Claims refer his case to
Congress for action 1
Mr. BINGHAM. The court will have to
give a judgment in his favor if his claim is
sustained by testimony.
Mr. YOUNG. Five times has this House
of Representatives placed its condemnation on
this amendment, and three times has it been
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States to be unconstitutional. This same
Morrill amendment, or I should say, in the
language of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Fos-
ter,] and I thank him for it, this immoral
amendment is the most immoral and out-
rageous piece of legislation ever offered in this
House since I have been a member of it. I
do not believe the majority of this House, who
have the power and control over this subject,
will set such an example of repudiation to the
Representatives of the southern States on the
floor of this House. I hope this amendment
will be voted down. It is simply a high-
handed robbery that is proposed by this amend-
ment, to which I believe this House will never
give its sanction.
After the close of the war in 1865 the south-
ern States were cursed with a swarm of plun-
derers calling themselves agents of the Gov-
ernment, who seized indiscriminately the
property of private citizens as well as public
property. At that time there was no security
to private property, and no government save
that of Federal bayonets. The people were
intimidated. They could not appeal to the
laws; there were none. They could only appeal
to the military under whose protection these
men were iu many cases acting. They are now
crying to the Government for the restoration
of their stolen property, and this amendment
proposes to deprive them of their last and only
remedy. I ask this House to beware lest it
should place the Government in the light of a
repudiator of its just debts and obligations.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Irenewit. The
legal question presented by this amendment
it seems to me is identical with the one we
discussed and decided the other day. There
are cases that were put in that'discussion where
I think the design of this amendment as ap-
plied to them would be proper. There is a
class of cases where I think the Government
of the United States 
Mr. MERRIAM. I rise to a point of order ;
there is so much confusion in the Hall that the
gentleman cannot be beard.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair sustains the
point of order, and requests that order may be
restored in the Hall. [After a pause.] The
gentleman will now proceed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Really I have
nothing to offer which is particularly worthy
the attention of the committee. I desire to
put in a protest against the proposed legis-
lation in this amendment rather than to say
much about it. It comes back to us again in
the shape it had before.
It provides that a certain class of judgments
rendered under the authority of law—because
nobody ean sue the Government except under
the authority of law as given by Congress—
that a certain class of judgments which you
have authorized to be rendered against your
Government in a court of justice, under and
in pursuance of law, shall be singled out from
all the other judgments that may be rendered
against the Government, and that as to them
and to them alone, it shall be provided that
they shall not be paid unless a special appro-
priation therefor shall be made by Congress.
And the reason why they are singled out is
because the plaintiff has a certain character,
which character under the laws of the land
and the Constitution as interpreted by jsour
Supreme Court, is an immaterial fact.
Now, there is a class of claimsofthis charac-
ter where the subject-matter is so tainted by
reason of its connection with the rebellion as
that it might not be proper to be made a pre-
dicate for a judgment at all. But your legis-
lation to reach that must be different from
this. You must so provide as that it shall not
be competent to render judgment against that
class of cases. As long as you leave your
laws so that those cases may be reduced to
judgment you have no remedy except' to
make appropriations to pay them, or else to
repudiate them—blank, unmitigated,. and un-
disguised repudiation.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is there any doubt
about the correctness of the judgments ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No ; after the
judgment is rendered in a court of last resort
there is no doubt about its being vested prop-
erty, a vested interest as much as my home is.
I invoke the committee to pause here lest this
precedent come back to plague us. These
precedents come back to plague us. Several
of our amendments of this kind have already
been strickeu down, and "rightfully stricken
down, by the judgment of the Supreme Court
of the United States.
There is but one additional remark I desire
to make. The dreadful war through which
we have recently passed has put upon all of us
losses that are completely incalculable io
money. Losses of property have fallen upon
all everywhere. There is a class of losses at
the North, resulting from the war, for which
we have provided no remedy, and for which
we ought not to provide any remedy, because
they are the incidental results of the ravages
of war. So, on the other hand, at the South
there as been among the dreadful misfortunes
of the war, which we all wish to forget now as
quickly as possible, a class of losses for which
the Government ought not to permit itself to
be sued. In my five minutes I cannot under-
take to catalogue these losses. But the remedy
must go back to the root and must provide
that the Court of Claims shall not have juris-
diction to render judgment for that class of
losses. So long, however, as you leave your
laws standing, giving the courts jurisdiction of
such claims, I pray you do not adopt aprovjs-
ion such as this, which would put upon, our
Government the most damning blot—repudia-
tl0n' MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The Committee of the Whole on. the state
of the Union rose informally,when a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsok, one of its
clerks, announced that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill (H. B. No. 2312) to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the laws relating to pen-
sions.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the resolution of the Senate to
printadditional copies of the report and accom-
panying maps of the Darien surveying expe-
dition.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the resolution of the House
to print extra copies of the medical statistics
of the Provost Marshal General's Bureau.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following concurrent
resolution for the printing of the report of the
Commissioner of Education; in which the oon-
| currence of the House was requested:
| Resolved by (he Senate, (the House of Represent-
I atives concurring.) That there be printed twenty
! thousand copies of the report of the Commissioner
' of Education, including the accompanying illustra-
• tions of the relations of intelligence to wealth ; ten
,i thousand copies to be for the use of the House, five
II thousand copies for the use of the Senate, And five
|j thousand copies for the useof the Bureau of Eduea-
■ 1 tion.
