1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
it does, that every claimant who comes before
this court shall prove a negative touching his
conduct and motives in the past, is very extraor-
dinary in itself, reversing the ordinary rules
of justice in that behalf, and imposing a
burden upon claimants utterly inconsistent
with their intrinsic rights as citizens and with
the character of the claims they prosecute.
The public safety does not demand it. Law,
sound morals, and humanity, condemn it. Past
political wrongs of citizens cannot justify, the
Government in palpable wrongdoing, or gross
injustice, or open repudiation of honest debts.
I am unable to see upon what ground of fact
it is that any gentleman now at this day and
after the lapse of so many yearssince the war,
can cherish any fear or apprehension of any
kind that dauger can come to the country
through the rejection of this amendment. I
approve of every word that was just uttered by
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Siiei.labarger,] and I agree with him that it
would be dishonorable for us now to incorpor-
ate into our laws the hateful, odious, and dis-
honest principle of practical repudiation. It
may be said that it is not direct repudiation.
But how does it differ from actual repudiation?
It accomplishes the same result. The judg-
ment of the country is against it. The judg-
ment of the .Supreme Court is against it. The
claims are for payment for property of private
citizens taken by the Government, sold, aud
the proceeds put into your public Treasury,
and all that without authority of law, and with-
out any facts or circumstances to justify refusal
of compensation. The payment of these claims
establishes no evil precedent, endangers no
safeguard of the Treasury, and opens up no
door for unjust claims to enter. Why, then,
shall we now attempt to reincorporate this into
the laws of the country?
Agreeing with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sheli.abarger,] i say that I have always
hitherto been found, and 1 will be found if I
should ever again come to these Halls, the very
last among members here to propose the open-
ing of any door which would bring in here for
adjudication and payment any of that large and
absolutely innumerable catalogue of claims
for compensation or payment for losses which
result legitimately and under the ordinary
course of military operations and civil strife
from the ravages of war. Not one of them
would I admit; not one of them does-the
rejection of this amendment tend to admit.
President Woolsey, in his excellent treatise
on international law, speaking on this general
subject, says at page 224:
" There are without doubt occasions in which pri-
vate property may be lawfully taken possession of
or destroyed to prevent it falling into the hands of
the public enemy, and also where a military officer
charged with a particular duty may impress private
property into the public service or take it for public
use. Unquestionably in such cases theGovernment
is bound to make lair compensation to the owner."
In the late case of Kline vs. Wilson, in
12 Wallace Keports, the present Supreme
Court say:
" The Government recognized to the fullest extent
the humane maxims of the modern law of nations
which exempt private property of non-combatant
enemies from capture as booty of war."
Now, the law under consideration, to which
this unjust amendment is proposed, does not
go to the limit of these adjudicated principles,
but, stops far short of their extent and scope.
The court, under the exact terms of the law, will
fully protect the country aud the Treasury
against unjust demands without this amend-
ment. And this amendment can only serve
to defy the recent solemn judgment of the
Supreme Court fixing the legal effect of a
pardon. Is it wise or sound policy, or states-
manlike, for us in the legislative department
to rush into such useless and unjust antago-
nism with the judicial department of the Gov-
ernment? la it not rather our highest duty to
respect and maintain the impartial and wise
judgments of that tribunal, and thereby in-
crease its usefulness in our system? It ap-
pears to me most unwise for Congress in this
proposed manner, and without a single rational
fact to justify it, to place itself in hostility with
that tribunal. I hope it will not be done, and
that this amendment will be again defeated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As has already
been stated, the Committee on Appropria-
tions were divided in regard to this amend-
ment of the Senate. ' The majority of the
committee were against the amendment. I
desire to say a few words on this point.
I call the attention of the House to the fact
that this is an old foe with a new face. Why
does the Senate ask us that this class of judg-
ments of our courts shall not be paid as others
are paid, but shall be remanded to Congress for
a special appropriation ? Disguise it as you
may, nobody can doubt that the intention is
that Congress may refuse an appropriation
when claims of this class are brought before it.
Now, if Congress will not pay this class of
judgments we should say so, and save the court
the trouble of finding nugatory awards. If
you mean to say you will not pay certain
awards of the Court of Claims, say so in so
many words. This amendment of the Senate
is a mere subterfuge to reach that result at last.
I prefer a direct and open declaration of pur-
pose rather than an indirect and concealed one.
Let us make no more faces on this subject,
but rather follow Hamlet's advice to the
players:
" Leave off your damnable faces and begin."
Let us discuss the purpose of this amend-
ment and not merely its form.
I know no man, I care not who he may be,
that has any judgment or expects to have any
judgment under these awards of the court;
but this I do know, that ten years ago the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in the midst of
our great civil war, settled a question hitherto
undetermined in the Legislatures of nations
in regard to a certain description of property
called "captured and abandoned property."
It was not property captured in war, in the
field, or captured by the Navy on the seas; it
was not the subject-matter of confiscation in
the courts; but it was a new class of property
hitherto uncatalogued and undescribed. The
Government did not confiscate it, but held
it so that no harm might come either to it
or to the owner or from it to us until such
a time after the war as the claimants could
come into court and prove their ownership as
prescribed in the act, and when they had
proved it they might take it. This law passed
in the midst of the rebellion has been con-
strued by the Supreme Court, which holds that
the pardon of the President, who has the sole
power of pardon, has placed all pardoned
suitors on terms of equality before the court
with those who have never sinned. And now
it is proposed that Congress shall constitute
itself a court of appeals from the decision of
the Supreme Court whenever their judgments
do not suit us. If this idea prevails the inde-
pendence of our judiciary is forever at an end.
The only reason given for this legislation is
that these men were once rebels, and because
we dislike rebels we will not return to them
their own property; and, what is far more im-
portant, because of our hate, we will strangle
the judiciary of the United States rather than
let these men have property that was never
ours, but was and is theirs. This is the whole
question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Chairman, I think that
if this House knew fully and entirely the law
on this subject they would not hesitate one
moment in non-concurring in this amendment
of the Senate. There are four classes of
property entirely distinct from each other
which came into the hands of the Government
during and subsequent to the war. The first
class is that property which belonged to the
hostile organization or was employed in actual
hostilities. That property necessarily became
the property of the United States without
confiscation or any action of the courts.
Second, there was property captured that was
and became lawful capture.
Third, there was that which became the sub-
ject of confiscafaoni ;
Now the second class of property captured,
which became the subject of confiscation under
the laws of the country, was to be determined
upon by the rules established by the laws of
the country. There is still a fourth class of
property, which comes neither tinder the head
of confiscated property or property captured.
It is property which it was provided by law
should be taken possession of by the Govern-
ment, of the description known only during
the late war as '1 captured and abandoned
property."
Now, I desire to state exactly what captured
and abandoned property was during the war.
I make the statement because I know what
that property was, for I have taken possession
of that property for the United States. It was
the property of the old man in the southern
States who, fearing the action of the Union
armies on their victorious march, left his
property behind him and sought a refuge some-
where else, and our armies coming along t®ok
possession of his property. It was the property
of the lone woman upon the plantation, who
feared what she thought was a disorderly
soldiery, and left her home and went to the
city for refuge and personal safety, leaving
her property behind her, which was taken
possession of by the Army when it came along.
It was the property that was left behind by
those persons in their flight, for good reasons
or for bad reasons, not property that conld be
used in any way, shape, or manner against the
Governmant of the United States.
This kind of property the laws of the
United States provided should be taken pos-
session of, not as property of the Government,
not as confiscated property, but that the
property should be taken posession of by the
Government as the trustee for the natural
owner. I refer to the law and ask attention to
its particular phraseology. It provides that it
shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, from and after the passage of the act, as
he shall from time to time see lit, to appoint a
special agent or agents to receive and collect
all abandoned or captured property in any
State or Territory of the United States desig-
nated as in insurrection against the lawful
Government of the United States, by the
proclamation of the President, of July 1—
now, mark the language, "and any person
claiming to have been the owner of any such
abandoned or captured property, may at any
time within two years after the suppression of
the rebellion refer his claim to the proceeds
thereof to the Court of Claims." It is under
that clause that the Court of Claims derives
its jurisdiction over this subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. PERCE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
I desire to call the attention of the Republican
party of this House to another fact; that is,
that in the history of our Government there
have been but eight judgments of the Supreme
Court of the United States declaring certain
laws passed by Congress to be unconstitu-
tional. And I desire to call their attention to
another fact, and it is a fearful one to the
Republican party, that of those eight laws but
two of them were passed when the Democratic
party were in power, and six of them were
passed by Bepublican Congresses. And of
those sixj the worst, for it was made for the
purpose of striking down the Supreme Court
of the United States, was what is commonly
known as the Drake amendment, on this sub-
ject. With tiat statement I leave the Blatter to
the House.
