1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1913
either party to such suit may appeal t© the Supreme
Court; and both said courts shall give such cause or
causes precendence of all other business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before saying
anything on the merits of this general provis-
ion, I call the attention of the Committee of
the Whole to the amendments proposed by
the Committee on Appropriations.
The first is that instead of authorizing suit
to recover the price of such freight and trans-
portation, the committee say "to recover so
much of the price of such freight and trans-
portation as shall have been withheld." We
think it is going too far to say that the whole
price shall be recovered, and only say so much
as shall have been withheld. That is a limit-
ation that ought to be made for the sake of
justice to both parties.
The next item of change that the Committee
on Appropriations recommend is to strike out
the five per cent, net earnings of the Senate
amendment altogether. And that is proposed
for two reasons. In the first place the Gov-
ernment has never yet demanded the five per
cent, net earnings, but it can do so at any time,
and can at any time bring a suit in any of its
own coirrts in the proper place. And further-
more, the two counsel who have been appointed
by the President to prosecute the case for the
United States informed the committee that
they preferred not to have the five per cent,
net earnings involved in the suit, for this rea-
son ; that they wanted the interest question and
the transportation question brought to as early
an issue as possible, and the five per cent, net
earnings would be a matter of very long and
difficult calculation. The real amount of the
net earnings would have to be ascertained,
which would greatly delay the suit. They
therefore preferred to leave that out altogether,
and put into the court for its adjudication the
other two questions unembarrassed by that
question.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. It would be
necessary also to settle whether the road is
completed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes; that is
also a disputed question. There is a dispute
as to that between the two branches of the
Government, the Treasury Department and the
Interior Department taking different sides.
That is a question full of difficulty, which
would follow the five per cent, net earnings
question.
There is only one other change which the
committee recommend, and that ia, that the
jurisdiction in this case given to the Court of
Claims shall carry with it all the ordinary
results of a judgment in any court, so that the
judgments of the court may have full force
and effect, the same as judgments in other
cases of claims against the Government in the
same court. This is all I have to say in ex-
planation of the amendment offered by the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I move to amend
by inserting after the word assigns, " which
may accrue onaud after the 1st day of January
next," so that it will read:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company ana
its assigns which may accrue on and after the 1st ox
January next, on account of freight or transporta-
tion over their respective roads, &o.
Mr. RANDALL. That is in the nature of
a gratuity up to that time. What is the use
of a lawsuit if you are to give away the rights
of the Government up to the 1st of Jauuary
next?
Mr. WOOD. I beg to state that there are
reasons for this amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. Not public reasons.
Mr. WOOD. Yes, sir, there are public
reasons for it. I am williug to go as far as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or- any
other man in this House, 111 protecting the in-
terests nt this Government.
Mr. RANDALL. I agree to that; but I do
not think the amendment which the gentleman
offers does that. 1
Mr. WOOD. The amendment does exact
justice everywhere. There are good reasons
why, in my judgment, if we take this sum-
mary process of dealing with these roads, tell-
ing them to part with so large an amonnt of
their earnings, we should provide that this
law, which imposes on them extraordinary
burdens and protects the interests of the
Government, shall be operative only on those
earnings which shall accrue to them after
January 1st.
Mr. RANDALL. The practical effect of
that is to place a club in the hands of your
opponent; in other words, the means of con-
test with the Government as to its due and its
rights.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, if he carried out to their logical con-
clusions his theories on this question, would
deprive the Government of all interest and all
protection in these roads. Now let us be
temperate, moderate, and just in our legisla-
tion on this question. Do not let us be at
variance and destructive. Let us be reason-
able and conservative. Now I am in favor of
this amendment as protecting the interest of
the Government in the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and if necessary I favor the taking
possession of the road for that purpose ; but
I would give them the time named in my amend-
ment, until the 1st of January.
Mr. RANDALL, If we were ever in a
position to stand upon our title as against the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, it is now.
Why add to their strength or detract from our
strength as this amendment proposes? Is
there any possible justification for this action ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will
understand exactly the difference between the
proposition now pending, and that it will be
understood at the outset that the amendment
of the Senate is to be modified in favor of
these railroad corporations by the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Appropriations
of this House. I hope that fact will be clearly
understood, that the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Appropriations is in the
interest of the railroad as against the pro-
vision made by the Senate. The Senate pro-
vided, as every gentleman I think on this
floor will certainly agree, that the five per
cent, reserved by the original act of 18G2 shall
be required to be paid. I want to see whether
the House with this proposition before them
is williug to relieve these companies from the
obligations imposed on them by the act of
1862 and by the act of 1864 to pay this five
per cent, into the Treasury.
I wish another fact to be understood, and
that is that if this House legislated alone in
the interests of the country, and without re-
gard tp the effect of that legislation upon the
railroad corporations, it would sustain the
proposition that all the earnings of the road
should be retained by the Treasury and re-
quiring the five per cent, to be paid.
Sir, strike out that portion of the amend-
ment of the Senate which authorizes these
corporations to go into court to ascertain
their rights. We can do no wrongful act, for
the Government in the act of 18G4 retained
the power to so legislate that neither of these
corporations or their assignees could act
against the will of Congress. They were
subsidized to build these roads with the under-
standing that Congress had a right to make
any reasonable modifications. It would only
be a reasonable exercise of that power to say
first, that all the earnings of the road against
the Treasury should be retained in the Tteas-
jj ury. It is only reasonable that the amounts
>' due the Government for transporting troops,
i! supplies, and mails, shall be applied to the
j! extinguishment of the debt after paying the
'' interest on it. It would not have been un-
reasonable if the Government had required
this transportation free of charge.
CertaittJy it cannot be unreasonable to re-
quire the payment of the five per cent., and I
submit that there is no good reason why this
question should be submitted to the courts of
the country at all. I think it is clear that the
Government may retain the entire earnings of
the road for transportation, I am in favor of
exercising the power retained by Congress in
the original act.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I desire briefly to answer the
gentleman from Indiana on the point that the
Committee on Appropriations changed this
amendmfent of the Senate in reference to the
five per cent, in the interest of corporations.
It is precisely the contrary. If the gentleman
has examined the Senate amendment he will
see that it provides that—
The Secretary of the Treasury is directed to with-
hold all payments to any railroad company and its
assigns on account of freight or transportation over
their respective roads of any kind to the amount of
payments made by the Dnited States for interest
upon bonds of the United States issued to any sach
company, and which shall not have been reimbursed
together with the five per cent, of net earnings due
and unapplied, as provided by law- And any such
company may bring suit in th.e Court of Claims to
recover the price of such freight and transporta-
tion, and in such suit the right of such C9mpany to
recover the same upon the law and the facts of the
case shall be determined, and also the rights of the
United States upon the merits of all the points pre-
sented by it in answer thereto by them: and either
party to such suit may appeal to the Supreme Court;
and both said courts shall give such cause or causes
precedence of all other business.
That is the only part of the Senate amend-
ment where this five per cent, concern comes
in. Now, it is a matter of no account whatever
if the Government retains the five percent.,
which is largely more than the amount of in-
terest due. The question of the five per cent,
does not come up now.
Now, in that case, in a suit brought it would
depend with the Government whether or not
it would put in the pleadings the five per cent,
of the earnings of the road. And on consulta-
tion with the counsel for the Government, it
was stated by them that it was desirable to
bring this question to issue speedily in order to
know the rights of the Government, whether-
it should be the whole or the half that should be
retained; that theinterest was more than enough
to counterbalance that .claim; that there w e. e
questions of grave doubt as to time and inter-
pretation involved in this five per cent, claim ;
that they did not require and did not wish to
have it involved in this suit, because it would
delay it; that when the Government at any
time saw fit to bring the suit to settle the ques-
tion of the five per cent, and was ready and
willing to do so, it had now full right to do it;
that to insist upon its being in the other suit
was an incumbrance; that beyond all that, the
Senate amendment did not oblige the Govern-
ment to put in this five per cent, in its
pleadings.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there are ambiguities
in the law of 1862 in regard to the five per
cent, claim, is it not proper tnat Congress
itself should correct that ambiguity by a mod-
ification of the law, under the power of Con-
gress reserved to modify, alter, or amend?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Maine [ Mr. _ Hale] wul allow me, I
will say that the peculiar phrase ofthetoriginal
act is, '-Congress may alter, amend, or repeal
this law, with a due regard to all the rights
and interests of the parties concerned." Ihat
is in the original law. Now we must refer the
question to the courts, so that due regard sh&il
be had to the rights of parties.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Maine in the line of his
argument.
Mr. HALE. I will hear the question.
Mr. HOAR. Suppose we pa.v ihe amend-
ment authorizing the xetontion ut this live per
cent., which we are entitled to do only when ihe
