1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
condition and appearance at that time, as whether
it were stamped or indorsed or not; the fact of his
paying over to his client moneys collected for him ;
the execution of a deed by his client which he
attested; a statement made by him to the adverse
party. He may also be called to prove tlie identity
of his client; the fact of his having sworn to his
answer in chancery if he were then present; usury
in a loan made by him as broker, as well as attorney
to the lender; the fact that he or his client is in pos-
session of a certain document of his client's for the
purpose of letting in secondary evidence of its con-
teats, and his client's handwriting. But in all cases
of this sort the privilego of secrecy is extended to
all the matters professionally disclosed, and which
lie would not have known but from bis being con-
su'tcd professionally by his client."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow the Clerk to read also section two hun-
dred und forty from the same volume?
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 240. This protection extends to every com-
munication which the elient makes to his legal
adviser, for the purpose of professional advice or
aid, upon the subject of his rights and liabilities.
Jtfor is it necessary that any judicial proceedings in
particular should have been commenced orcontem-
plated: it is enough if the matter in hand, like every
other human transaction, may, by possibility, be-
come tho subject of judicial inquiry. ' II',' said
Lord Chancellor Brougham, 'the privilege were
confined to communications connected with suits
begun, or intended, or expected, or apprehended, no
one could safely adopt such precautions as might
eventually render any proceedings successful, or all
proceedings superfluous.' Whether the party him-
self can be compelled, by a bill in chancery, to pro-
duce a case which he has laid before counsel, with
the opinion given thereon, is not perfectly clear.
At one time it was held by the House of Lords that
ho might be compelled to produce the ease which
he had sent, but not the opinion which he had re-
ceived. This decision, however, was not satisfac-
tory, and though it was silently followed in one
case, and reluctantly submitted to in another, yet
its principle has since been ably controverted and
refuted. The great object of tho rule seems plainly
to require that the entire professional intercourse
between client and attorney, whatever it may have
consisted in, should be protected by profound
secrecy."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the point
to which I desire to call the attention of the
gentleman and the House. The object of the
rule, as I understand, is to protect everything
in the communications between client and
counsel; not merely what may have been said
by a client to an attorney, but anything that
may have come within the knowledge of coun-
sel while acting in that relation.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to inquire
whether it appears in this case that this wit-
ness really was counsel in the proper sense of
the term.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. No, sir. I was
about to make a statement on that point. It
does not appear in the testimony that this
party was acting strictly as attorney for any-
body. He was, in his own language, acting
as attorney, as arbitrator, as negotiator, &c.
He puts himself in all these categories. It
nowheie appears that lie was acting strictly
as attorney in this matter on which he was
interrogated.
If the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
worth] means that the agent should not be
compelled to discloseany tacts which he may
have learned from his principal, the gentle-
man has discovered a rule of lav; that I con-
fess has never come within my knowledge. I
submit that the authority which I sent to the
Clerk to be read is directly in point, even con-
ceding that this man was an attorney all the
way through, that he occupied no other rela-
tion in this transaction. It would be seen by
the House it is expressly laid down asa rule
that the attorney may be compelled to disclose
the fact of his paying to his client moneys
collected for him. What are we asking this
party to do? We are asking him to state to
whom he paid over these bonds placed in his
possession.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
a precedent which I think is m the memory
of a great many gentlemen of the House. 1
refer to what is known as the Woolley case.
Mr. Woolley, as I remember the ease-—I was
not a member of the House at that time—but
as I recollect the cose, Mr. Woolley claimed
to have been the attorney of somebody, and
on that ground he asked to be excused from
answering. Finally, after finding that his
client had testified, he said he was willing to
go before the committee and testify; but the
House ordered him into custody, although, as
I recollect the case, he was insisting that he
was privileged, that the communications made
to him were privileged communications, upon
the ground that he was the attorney of the
party who had made them to him.
I yield now to my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, the learned
chairman of the committee has stated pre-
cisely the rule of law ; but in stating the rule
of law as between attorney and client, I am
not quite sure the House sees how that rule of
law is applied in this case; and if they will
give me their attention I will briefly state the
facts. It is said that $250,000 of bonds were
furnished to Mr. Stewart by the Union Pacific
Railroad Company as their agent or attorney.
Now, nobody is asking for any communication
had between him and them at all. The ques-
tion is, having got the bonds, to whom did he
deliver them ? The act of delivering being
done in behalf of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, of course in that act he was not
acting as the attorney of the persons who re-
ceived them. He replies, and I beg the atten-
tion of the House to this one sentence ; he
replies to the demand to know who were the
persons to whom he gave the bonds, " Some
of them I consider my clients; some of them
were persons for whom I was acting as a sort
of arbitrator between them and the other side,
the Union Pacific Railroad Company ; and
some of them were persons for whom I was
acting as agent." He was not attorney for
all of them; but because he was an attorney
for some of them he says "I will not, tell
you a word about any of them." That is the
precige attitude of this case. Now, suppose
he had acted as attorney for the persons
who received those bonds, and suppose it to
be true, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Faunsworth] seems to think, that he could
not be asked who his client was, which is not
true, and which has been settled over and over
again by hundreds of decisions, still it would
have no application to this answer, for the man
says, in effect, that he gave the bonds to, say,
ten persons, in one of whom he had a client,
and therefore he will not tell you about the
others either. It is not claimed that he was
attorney for all of them, or for most of them.
He says '• Some I was attorney for, and some
I was acting as arbitrator for, and for some I
was acting as agent under the Pacific Railroad
Company."
Mr. BLDREDGE, Let me ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to say before I come
to that, that even iu legard to the one tenth
or whatever may be the proportion who did
receive the money as clients, it _is settled
beyond any question, all the authorities march-
ing iu one way, that the very fact of paying
over money to a client is not protected and
the identity of the client is not protected by
privilege. It is only what your client said to
you and what you said to jour elient you
cannot be compelled to disclose.
Mr. BLDREDGE. It is in reference to
that precise point I wish to put a question to
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I wish
to say to the gentleman I would not. in any
way infringe up'on any well-settled right exist-
ing between attorney and client; but I desire
to put this question: suppose a murderer bad
deposited with his attorney a dead body which
he had murdered, can he be protected from
answering what ho did with that dead body I
Or suppose that $10,000 or any other sum of
money were put into the hands of the attorney
for criminal purposes by his client, and he
uses that iaon°y tor those criminal purposes, i
does the gentleman believe any attorney is
protected from answering what he did with
that money under those circumstances?
Mr. HOAR. I do not understand that there
is the slightest claim of any authority for the
gentleman's view. The authorities, as I said
before, all march one way, and that is against
any such supposition as that of the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. BLDREDGE. I do not suppose that
any lawyer claims, or that any client would
claim, that under such circumstances he was
protected from disclosing. If money is put
into the hands of an attorney for corrupt or
any other purposes, I do not suppose that is
a confidential communication from client to
attorney.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the doctrine
does not go so far as to enable you to prove
by the attorney what was done.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not understand
that he is protected at all under such circum-
stances.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I resume the
floor, and yield five minutes to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shellabargeb.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not need five
minutes. A question was 'asked by -the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] which
I desire to answer. The gentleman states that
(he rule is, as he understands it, that any com-
munication made to counsel which would tend
to criminate the party making the communica-
tion is protected. The answer to that is made
by the act of Congress which provides that the
testimony of a witness examined and testifying
before either House of Congress, or any com-
mittee of either House, shall not be used as
evidence ia any criminal proceeding against
such witness in any court of justice. The
statute further provides:
" That no official paper or record produced by such
witness on such examination -ball be held or taken
to be included within the privilege of said evidence
so as to protect such witness from any criminal pro-
ceeding as aforesaid ; and no witness shall hereafter
be allowed to refuse to testify to any fact or to produce
any paper touching which he shall be examined by
either House of Congress, or any committee of ei ther
House, for the reason that his testimony touching
such fact, or the production of such paper, may tend
to disgrace him, or otherwise render him infamous."
This section of the law answers the only
remaining suggestion that has been madeupou
the floor that I have heard from any quarter,
and it furnishes an answer to the question of the
gentleman from Tennessee, since, as the party
who is making the communication through
the attorney could not be protected, neither
also is that attorney protected to whom the
communication must have been made.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman,
before he takes his seat, tell me whether he
thinks his construction of the law is or is not
in contravention of the fourth amendment to
the Constitution, which provides that a party
shall not be compelled in any criminal ease
to be a witness against himself? Of course
that is not to be considered, as I understand
it, in the narrow sense of a judicial proceed-
ing, but applies to every case where a man
may be liable to be treated as a criminal.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer the
gentleman by saying that the statute itseif
answers the gentleman's inquiry, because the
statute excludes the use of the communication
against the party who makes the communica-
tion. Therefore he is not giving testimony
against himself, because that testimony can-
not be used under the act of Congress, and
hence it is not in contravention of that pro-
vision of the Constitution to which the gen-
tleman appeals. There is, however, I will
add, no protection sought by this witness on
that score. He disclaims any such protection.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I yield five
minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I prefer, Mr. Speaker, to
