1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£015
which refers this to the court, so that this
question may be determined by the action of
Congress. In asking that it be decided by
Congress it is only asking Congress shall
ixercise the discretionary power we have
reserved to ourselves, to alter and amend all
of these acts of incorporation, and there are
many of them. We have expressly reserved
it; and I submit while we cannot wantonly
remove the ambiguity of the original acts of
1862 and 1864, yet if the amendment be in
conformity to reason and justice, it is a proper
thing to be done. This Congress has ex-
pressly reserved the power to amend the acts
of 1862 and 1864.
But it is said there is an ambiguity here in
the act of 1862 as to the right of the Govern-
ment to apply the entire amount coming to the
roads for transportation and the payment of
the amount which may be due in payment of
the interest on the bonds. Now, sir, I wish
to ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] and I see he is now in his seat, whether
there is any injustice done to these corpora-
tions or their assigus, by just saying what was
1 think the original purpose that the whole
amount accruing to the companies for trans-
portation, if required, should be applied to the
payment of the annual accruing interest; and
secondly, that five per cent, should be paid on
the net earnings as the text of the Senate
amendment expressly provides. It is not a
question for the courts, but it is a question in
the discretion of Congress in the very terms of
the act of 1864 itself. I do not think an am-
biguity bringing up the question in reference
to the earnings of these roads should be re-
ferred to the courts; it is a question only for.
the sound discretion of Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, I rise simply to state how I under-
stand this amendment. The amendment first
provides all freights and earnings coming from
the United States to these roads shall be held
until the interest paid by the United States
and five per cent, supposed to be due is reim-
bursed. And that of course is to be held
until the Secretary of the Treasury determines
for himself these reimbursements shall be
made. Then comes the second clause of the
amendment, which is, the company which shall
have its freights and earnings so held may
bring a suit to determine for itself what are the
rights of the company as against the United
States. The United States hold on to the
earnings, leaving the company to bring a suit
to determine whether the United States have
got too much money or not.
Nothing but that; so that we do not see any
embarrassment at all. The company knows
what its net earnings are, and they are to set
off that amount in their suit. The United
States iu their answer may deny as much of it
as they choose, and upon that issue is joined,
and the court determines. In the mean time
the money is withheld from the road until that
question is determined, be it longer, be it
shorter. That is all. I do not see any diffi-
culty in bringing all these matters in contro-
veisy before the court.
Mr. II AND ALL. The controversy then
turns upon the interest first, and the company
can come in and setoff that five per cent.; do
I understand the gentleman correctly?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
I will state exactly my meaning. What the
Secretary of the Treasury believes the five per
cent, to be he withholds. If the company
differ from him, they bring a suit, by which
they show that the five per cent, is less than
what the Secretary claims it to be.
Mr. GARtTELD, of Ohio. We put the
burden of proof on the company.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
we put the burden on the company.
Mr. RANDALL. Where do you give the
companv authority to sue as to that I
Mr. fiUTLBft, of Massachusetts. I give
them the right of suit by which they shall
determine all their rights whatever they may
be. If it turns out that there is a contract
that they shall not pay interest for thirty years,
that the court shall determine ; if it turns out
that the Secretary of the Treasury says that
the five per cent, amounts to a million and
the company claim that it does not amount to
half a million, then the court shall determine
that. -But by the text of the Senate amend-
ment as it stands, until that question is de-
termined, the Secretary of the Treasury holds
on to what he says is five per cent, net earn-
ings. The burden is on the company to
reverse that decision; and he holds on to it
at his will and pleasure, exercising of course
an honest and just discretion. That is, as I
understand, the original text of the Senate
amendment; and whoever is in favor of it
of course will vote for it.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to say one word in
reply to what has fallen from the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.] I think the Con-
gress of the United States is able to lay its
hand on this Pacific Railroad Company and
deal with it—its wrong doings and its right
doings, its offenses and its just claims—with
absolute justice aud impartiality.
Now this five per cent, question and the
question whether one half or the whole of the
earnings shall be retained is a question totally
distinct from those questions of the great
wrongs done in the construction of the road,
or in relation to the purity of our own legisla-
tion of which we have heard. It is a fair,
legal question. It is a question of law which
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate decided
in favor of the road; and on full debate in the
Senate that determination was confirmed by
that body. Such technical confirmation as the
assent of this House without debate to the
result, and the assent of the President by
signing the bill, could give, was also given to
the position of the road. And now, although
we may think that position wrong, who has a
right to say that it is too gross an error; that
they are so surely wrong that we will lay the
legislative power upon that road, and compel
it to abandon what the Senate, the House of
Representatives, and the President of the United
States have once declared to be a just inter-
pretation of its rights under its charter, on
penalty of forfeiting its franchise. Send this
question to the court. We have the right to
alter, amend, or repeal that charter, having
due regard to the rights of the company.
Now, can my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi,-
man,] loving justice and loving truth, under-
take to stand up here and say that it is a due
regard for the rights of this company to say to
them that they shall abandon even their right
to ajudicial determination of a question which
the American Senate and the American House
and the American President have once decided
in theirfavor? I do notpropose to flinch, when
the time comes, from a full exercise of the
powers of this House to punish the men who
have been engaged in the gigantic swindle
which attended the construction of this road,
if there are any men who can be found justly
punishable. But that question has nothing
to do with this. This is only a question of
right arising under ail interpretation of that
charter, where the present managers of that
road would be unfaithful to their duty if they
did not insist upon the road's construction of
their claim.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move to strike out the
last word of the text of the Senate amend-
ment. I wish to say but one or two words.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman suspend until I ask unanimous consent
of this committee that all debate upon the
pending Senate amendment shall be closed
when the gentleman shall have finished his
Mr. HIBBAIiD. Upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
alone ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Upon the pend-
ing proposition.
Mr. HIBBAIID. That will not cutoff other
amendments from being offered ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will not. My
proposition merely is to close debate.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. COGHLAN. I should have been about
through my remarks by this time if I had not
been interrupted by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] I wish to answer only one
suggestion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hoi.Mant,] who I believe . is perfectly
honest in his convictions, and who I believe
would not urge upon this House any scheme
at all if in his own heart he did not believe it
was worthy the consideration of this House.
But I wish to call the attention of the mem-
bers of the House to the fact that an outside
pressure to day in this country against rail-
roads has caused a member of this House to
make the most outrageous proposition ever in-
troduced into any assemblage, not only of the
American people, but I might almost say of
any people on the globe where there is any-
thing like a popular assemblage.
Here is a question which no man can deny
is a judicial one. It is a contract made by
the people of the United States with a com-
pany or with a set of men, whieh contract has
either been complied with or not complied
with by that set of men ; a contract cer-
tainly made in the light of open day. And
upon the question as to whether that con-
tract has been complied with, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmau,] undoubtedly
an honest man, led on by popular clamor,
forced into it by the cry of " anti-railroad,"
forced into the belief that he is honest m his
conviction, comes before an intelligent House
lite this and asks that we here to-day shall be
the judges whether or not these men have
complied with that contract.
I ask this House to remember that it is pre-
cisely the same as if we were to pass a law
imposing a tariff upon iron or wheat or any
other article, no matter what it may be, and
then at the next session come here and un-
dertaking to say whether John Smith has
be.en importing goods into the United States
without paying the duties on them. This is
in principle precisely such a proposition as
that would be. Under this impulse which is
brought to bear by the people upon the mem-
bers of this House, under this cry agaifist
railroads, which is so strong that, with all
deference to members, I must say here that
some of them dare not resist the tide although
they honestly believe it is carrying them over
a precipice, driving them to do what in their
cooler moments they, as sensible men, as
American citizens having a due regard for the
rights of their fellow-citizens, are bound to
say is a wrong aud an outrage, this proposi-
tion is brought forward that strikes at the
very foundation of the principle upon which
this Government is based, that every man, no
matter how lowly or humble he may be, has a
right to go into the courts and have his rights
there determined.
Mr. HOLMAN. Have we not retained ex-
press power to legislate upon this subject, and
can we not under that power remove an am-
biguity of the.law?
Mr. COGHLAN. We have retained power
to legislate so far as it may be deemed proper
to alter or amend, but we have not retained
the power to legislate and determine a judi-
cial question whether these men have or have
not fulfilled their contract.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is only ajudicial ques-
tion because it is in obscurity, and we propose
to remove the obscurity.
Mr. COGHLAN. This is ajudicial question,
which the courts alone can properly determine.
[Here the hammer fell. J
