1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
055
Speaker, that the committee discharged a
duty that they owed to the House in bringing
this matter before it. I desire to say, how-
ever, that in my judgment the question raised
upon the record presented by the committee
is very unlike any question of the kind that
has ever been presented to the House of Rep-
resentatives during all my experience here.
This is not like a question of commitment
arising in a perfectly clear case, where the
charge is that a person has violated the priv-
ileges of the House in the person of one of its
members, about which there cannot be any
question. In such case the House may well
order a hearing before a committee, the imme-
diate arrest of the party, and that the examin-
ation proceed. But here is a question of
alleged contempt in this refusing to answer
certain questions. It is properly brought
before the House by the committee, so that
the House may determine the extent of its
powers to compel answers in the case as pre-
sented. The committee have disclosed upon
this record what the witness has said to them,
which is in substance that he has had no con-
nection or dealing with any official of the Uni-
ted States, and that he himself (I assume that
the record does not disclose anything to the
contrary) is not an official ofthe United States.
This being the state of the case, the question
arises whether the House of Representatives
can hold any citizen of the United States in
private life to answer before it for any crime
whatever known to your laws, unless he has
acted in some wise to the hurt or prejudice of
the Government in connection with its own
officials. That is the question raised upon this
record.
A person mightetiter into a conspiracy with
private persons that might touch the security
of everybody, and might well refuse to answer
before any committee of this House any in-
quiry concerning it. The case does not rest
upon the question whether a man shall dis-
grace or convict himself by answering ; it does
not rest upon the question of privilege between
attorney and client, or whether the witness
shall betray any trust between himself and
client by answering. It rests upon the guar-
antied right of the citizens to answer only to
the tribunal authorized by the Constitution
and laws to demand the answer.
I speak with perfect freedom upon this sub-
ject, not having been a member of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, when the legislation com-
plained of and the corruption charged is said
to have originated and worked its results,
whether for good or evil to the country. There-
fore it is that I hold myself as free to speak
of this matter as any member of the House.
I beg to submit a suggestion in view of the
novelty of this whole question upon the record
presented very properly by the committee
touching the relations of the witness to the
House and to the country. I do not raise anv
question about the privilege of client and
counsel, or the other question whether a per-
son who would otherwise be exempt from
answering has had that exemption taken from
him by the statute referred to. The point is
not that the answer in this case may disgrace
or criminate the witness. The law on this
subject may be good enough; I raise no ques-
tion in regard to it. But in order that the
House may be fully advised of this case as
presented before the committee, I beg leave
to suggest an amendment to the resolution.
I move to strike out all after the word
" custody" and to insert instead of the words
"to keep subject to the further orders and
direction of the House" (which is really a
commitment to custody) the words and
bring the said Stewart before the bar ot this
House forthwith, to show cause why he should
not be committed to answer for contempt.
Let him be heard. Let us have the lull
statement. ,
Mr. HOAR. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio that this committee, or some
of them at least, were inclined to draft the
resolution in its present form because the last
resolution for attachment for contempt, drawn
by the Judiciary Committee with great care,
was in the present form.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say in that
case the party was charged on affidavit under
his official obligation by a member of this
House with having violated the privileges of
this House and the privileges of the people of
the United States; and, therefore, nothing
remained for this House to do 
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Please wait until I get
through. In that case nothing remained for
the House to do but to order his arrest and
hold him to answer to the inquiry whether he
had been guilty of that violation of the priv-
ilege of this House. But this is a different
question. This is a very different question.
Here is a record which, as far as it goes, I have
before stated discloses this state of things 
A Member. It has nothing to do with it.
Mr. BINGHAM. It has something to do
with it. It has something to do with our
jurisdiction. You have the power to protect
the privileges of the House. You have the
power to compel the testimony of any witness
ordered to appear before a committee of
investigation which is within the jurisdiction of
the House. You may have power, for any-
thing I know, to compel this witness to an-
swer every question put to him by the honor-
able committee. The point is this: the
committee has disclosed enough already on
the record to show a citizen has asserted a
right here, upon which he should be heard
before the bar of the House before any com-
mitment ; and that is whether he acted
simply iu the capacity of a private citizen, or
whether he acted in any sense in complicity
with any official of the United States who can
be held to answer at the bar of the House.
I say here and now, Mr. Speaker, that no matter
how gnilty of crime he", may be, if it be not a
matter over which this House has jurisdiction
you have no more right to inquire into it, or
compel him to testify before any or all your
committees, than you have to compel him to
testify whether he was one of a band ol con-
spirators who did commit burglary and robbed
the house of a private citizen in the neighbor-
ing State of Virginia some day last week. It
was on that ground I moved the amendment.
It may be that after the House shall have
heard the witness, the House will require him
to answer or be committed in default of an
answer.
Mr. HOAR. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I undertaketo say, before
the gentleman asks me any question, that there
has never been a case brought before the House
during the time of my service here which,
npon .the record shown us, can be cited as
a reason why this resolution should not be
amended as I have proposed.
Mr. HOAR. When the House adopted the
resolution ordering this committee to ascertain
what had become of these bonds, and ordered
the committee to send for persons and to in-
quire what had become of them, did they not
determine that point?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman,
the House had the right to pass the resolution;
but if it passes a resolution ten times over, it
can never take away the guarantied rights of a
citizen of the United States to be heard in
his own defense, however infamous he may
have made himself by a violation of the general
laTcare nothing about this man personally. I
have had 110 consultation with him on the sub-
ject, direct or indirect, through any human
being or by any communication, but I do care
about the precedents established here; and
therefore do move, with all respect to the com-
mittcej in view of the novelty of this question^
that the order or resolution be so amended as
to provide that the witness shall be brought
forthwith before the bar of the House to show
cause why he should not be committed for
contempt. I move the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution as it will stand if amended as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.]
The Cierk read as follows :
Ordered, That the Speaker issue his warrant,
directed to tlio Sergeant-at-Arms attending this
House, or his deputy, commanding him to take into
custody forthwith, wherever to be found, the foody of
Joseph B. Stewart, and him bring to the bar of the
House to show cause why he should not be punished
for contempt, and in the mean time keep the said
Stewart in his custody, to wait the further order of
tho House.
Mr. BINGHAM. " Bring him forthwith to
the bar of the House to show cause." That
is what I propose.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have no objection to
that amendment as proposed by the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary. I rather
approve of it, and am glad the gentleman has
offered it. But I must say that I fail to ob-
serve the distinction which he attempts to
draw between this case and the case of Pat-
trick Woods. I remember that case very well,
and I remember that I had some controversy
and contention with my friend in regard to it.
Patrick Woods was arraigned for a violation
of the privileges of this House in that he had
made an assault upon a member of Congress.
I contended that, he ought to be brought here
to show cause. Now what is this case ? This
man is called before a committee of the
House of Representatives and refuses to an-
swer the interrogatories addressed to him.
Wherein does he do any wrong against the
House of Representatives? Is it not that
he violates a privilege which this committee
of the House of Representatives have to re-
quire of him that he shall answer? Then I
ask the gentleman from Ohio wherein there is
any distinction between the two cases? Both
were sought to be arraigned because they had
violated the privileges of the Eouse: the one
in that he haa made an assault upon a member;
the other, in that he refused to ' obey the au-
thority of the House in answering questions
which thiscommittee put to him.
I would not violate the rights of any citizen
of this country, but with all due respect to the
gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, I submit that the
original resolution means nothing more than
the amendment. The party is required to be
taken into custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
What is the Sergeant at-Arms to do with him?
Is the Sergeant-at-Arms to put him -into the
black hole, into which my friend from Ohio
would have put or did put Patrick Woods?
Would he confine him there, as in the case of
Patrick Woods, in the coal hole down below ?
In this case, if the original resolution is
adopted, this Mr. Stewart is not to be_ taken
by the Sergeant-at-Arms and confined in the
coal hole as they confined poor Pat. Woods,
but he is to be kept in custody, and when he
is in his custody the duty ot the Sergeant-at-
Arms will be to report to this House that he
has him in custody, and then the House will
see that precisely what the gentleman would
have done by his amendment is done. But I
see no objection to the gentleman's amend-
ment. „
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Wis-
consin is in favor of the amendment, and
against it. .
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am not against or for
the gentleman's amendment. But I do not
want the gentleman to go away from the posi-
tion he took in the Woods case.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman knows
very well that in the case to which he refers
the very first thing done was to proceed in the
inquiry respecting Woods, before a committee
of this" House, and there was no final commit-
ment until he n" " w"'1 "T
