956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
black hole or out of it. My reason for offer-
ing this amendment is, that, as the case stands
now, it is a commitment without a hearing.
And I do not care who the man may be,
though lie were the most infamous man on the
continent, you have no right to commit him
without a hearing.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I wish to say
here that in presenting this resolution to tho
House the committee followed the precedent
set in the Woods case. I have the resolution
before me in the Congressional Globe, and it
reads as follows
"Resolved, That the Speaker do issue his warrant,
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arms attending this
House, commanding him to take into custody,
wherever to be found, the body of Patrick Woods,
alias Pat. Dooley, and the same in his custody to
keep, subject to the further order and direction of
this House."
The order which the committee has pre-
sented to the House now is an exact copy of
this order which I have now read from the
Globe. As I understand it, the Sergeant-at-
Arms is simply an officer of this House; and
when this man is put into the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms he is before the House, be
is at the bar of the House, and the House can
do with him as it seems best.
Mr. PETERS. 1 wish to remind the gen-
tleman that in the case of Patrick Woods the
Judiciary Committee heard witnesses, and he
was ably defended by a counsel from Rich-
mond, before that order was made, and that
it was in the nature of a judgment against him
to punish him for an assault on a member of
the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I only refer to
this and speak of it in this connection for the
reason that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] does
not change the effect of the order or resolution
originally reported by the committee. It
changes the phraseology, hut, as I understand
it, it makes no substantial difference in the
effect of the resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG. I suppose you accept it,
then.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I would have no
objection to do so, but the resolution is the
report of a committee. I yield now five min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Smith.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York. All the em-
barrassment, which tho House is in upon this
question arises from our failure to make a dis-
tinction between cases of crimes committed
and applications to an attorney for his pro-
fessional aid to commit crime in the future.
The one is privileged ; the others never have
been held 10 be privileged. On that question
I send to the Clerk's desk and ask him to read
an authority from New York, the passage I
have marked on page 598 of the third volume
of Barbour's Chancery Reports.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The seal of professional confidence, I believe,
has never been held to cover a communication
mado to an attorney to obtain professional advice
or assistnnco as to the commission of a felony or
other crime which was nudum in se, The opinion
of Chief Baron Gilbert certainly was that the priv-
ilege of attorney and counsri did not oxterid to such
cases. (1. Gilb. Ev., 277.) And as no one is entitled
to tho advice or assistance of counsel or of an attor-
ney to emtbU him to do an illegal act, if the Ques-
tion had arisen for the first tnno in this case, X
should have no hesitation in deciding that tho com-
munications mado by Hoffman and Mersereau to
their attorney were not privileged, because they
were made for the purpose of getting liis professional
assistance in the perpetration of a fraud upon their
creditors. It is as contrary to the duty of an attor-
ney or a counselor to aid his client by professional
services in the perpetration of a fraud, or in tho
violation of any law of the State, as it is to aid him
in the commission of a felony, although the moral
turpitude of the act may be much greater in the one
case than in the other. I can therefore see no good
reason for extending tho principle of privileged
communications to the first class of cases, and not
to the last. The practice, however, appears to have
been otherwise for more than a century and a, half;
and I do not now feel authorized to adopt a new
rule on the subject." ■****«■ i-
"Fori think with the late chief justice of our
supreme court, that the privileged relation of attor-
ney and client ought to be permitted to exist only
for honest purposes, but not to enable the client to
perpetrate a fraud, or to violate the laws under the
advise of counsel or through any other professional
aid."
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I now ask the
Clerk to read the passage I have marked on
page 181 of the fourth volume of Parker's
Criminal Reports.
The Clerk read as follows:
"An attorney may testify to any communication
made to him to obtain professional advice or assist-
ance as to the commission of a felony or other crime
which is malum in se. Nothing, therefore, was priv-
ileged that the prisoner said to Givens, if he was
seeking professional advice or assistance to enable
him to forge the contract; and he was seeking such
advice or assistance, if Givens correctly related the
conversation between them."
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I will now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose
of the investigation ordered by the House to
be made by the committee which now reports
this resolution, I do not thiuk it material
whether exact rules are applicable to the case
or not. I think gentlemen err in supposing
that this body is a judicial tribunal, and in the
course that shall be pursued by this select
committee in arriving at the exact truth in
reference to the allegations made implicating
high officers of the Government. I do not
think it material that we should follow pre-
cisely and exactly what is necessary to be
done in the protection of witnesses in their
relations to their clients. This House has
very properly ordered an investigation—an in-
vestigation that reaches higher and is of far
more consequence than anything affecting the
rights of those individuals thus protected un-
der the rule of law which has been referred to.
In my judgment, it is not proper for us to
interpose the slightest obstacle to enabling the
committee to reach all testimony of every
kind and nature, and we should not permit
any witness who acknowledges that he is in
the possession of facts material to the purposes
of this investigation td shield himself under
the pretext that he holds confidential relations
with outside parties. Sir, we want to reach
those outside parties thus sought to be shielded.
If we establish the precedent now of not
requiring this witness to tell the truth, and
the whole truth, we shall establish a precedent
which will make these investigations fail en-
tirely and altogether in reaching the truth,
and in satisfying the desire and the judgment
of this great country.
Now, sir, we cannot escape this. And I
say to the lawyers and the judges who are
thus endeavoring, no doubt conscientiously, to
throw around this investigation a certain de-
gree of legal mystery, as a layman I for one
protest against anything that will fall short of
the truth and the whole truth, implicate whom
it may, or fall where it may.
I hope that this House will pass this resolu-
tion, and let this witness be compelled to speak
the truth. We want to know who it is whom
he is trying by his silence to shield. And
whether the truth shall fall on any one in this
House or in the Senate of the United States,
let it fall. It is time that the Congress of the
United States should purge itself of those who
are infamous and unfit to hold seats in the
grand council of the nation.
I care nothing for your rules of law ; I care
nothing for your rules of evidence ; I care
nothing for anything that stands in the way
of this great investigation. I, therefore, shall
vote for any proposition to bring up any wit-
ness and imprison him and compel him to
answer these questions; to place him before
the bar of public opinion and of the country,
which is a higher tribunal than any judicial
body in this country.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The first question was upon the substitute
offered by Mr. Bingham for the proposition of
the committee.
The substitute was read, as follows :
Ordered, That the Speaker do issue his warrant,
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arms attending this
House, or his deputy, commanding him to take into
custody, wherever to be found, the body of J oseph B.
Stewart, and bring him forthwith to the bar of this
House to show cause why he should not be punished
for a contempt; and in the mean timo keep tho said
Stewart in his custody to await the further order of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that there seems to be a little inconsistency in
the language used by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] in his substitute. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms is to be directed to bring this
witness " forthwith to the bar of the House,"
and " in the mean time" to keep him " in cus-
tody to await the further order of the House."
That is not a parliamentary point, however.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the wording of
other resolutions of the same character which -
have been adopted. "Forthwith" means as
soon as may be. I will omit the latter clause.
The SPEAKER. The word " ordered" is
not recognized by the parliamentary usage of
this House. The word "resolved" should
be used.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. SPEER. I ask that the resolution of
the committee be read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That tho Speaker do issue his warrant,
directed to tho Sergeant-at-Arms attending this
House, or his deputy, commanding him to take into
custody, wherever to be found, the body of Joseph
B. Stewart, and the same in his custody to keep
subject to the further order and direction of this
House.
The question was then taken upon the sub-
stitute ; and upon a division there were—ayes
103, noes 49.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SLOCUM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 126, nays 69, not voting 45; as
follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Banks, Barry,
Beatty, James B. Beck, Bell, Bingham, Boarman,
Boles, Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Co-
burn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher,Crossland.Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, -Duel!,
Duke, Bunnell, Eames, Farasworth, Harwell,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder I). Foster,
Frye, Garfield,Garrett, Getz. Griffith. Hale, Halsey,
Handley, Hanks, Harmer, George E. Harris, Ha-
vens, John B. Hawiey, Joseph R. Ilawley, Ilay,
Hays, Gerry W. Hasselton, John W. Hazelton, Hol-
man, Hooper, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcbam, King,
Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Maclntyre, Maynard, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, Mclienry, McJunkin, Mclvee,
McKinney, Merrick, Monroe, Morey, Morgan,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Rainey, Robinson,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, Shoe-
maker, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stow ell, St. John, Suther-
land, Sypher, Tafife, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vauchan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron. Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, John
T. Wilson, and Wood—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer, Barber,
Barnum, Erasmus W. Beck, Biggs, Bird. Austin
Blair, James <J. Blair, BuBmton, Burohard, Car-
roll, Davis, Dodds, Box, Duliose. Eldredge, Esty,
Finkelnburg, Forkcr, Giddings. Harableton, Han-
cock, Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Hoar, Iiclley, Kerr, Lynch, Manson, Mar-
shall, McCormiek, Merriam, Benjamin i\ Meyers,
Moore, William E. Niblack, Poland, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Ripe, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Sion H. Rogers,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Shober, Slater, Siocum, H.
Boardman Smith, Speer,Stevens,Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Swann, Terry, Tuthill, Walden, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester,
and Young—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Bigby,
Brooks, Bunnell, Campbell, Clarke, Conner, Creely,
Crocker, Dickey, Elliott, Ely, Grolladay, Goodrich,
Haldeman, Hill, Houghton, Killinger, IOnsella,
Lamison, Lamport, Lowe, McClelland, McNeely,
Mitchell, Silas L. Niblack, Orr, Hosea W.Parker,
Peck, Price, Prindle, John Rogers, Roosevelt,
Scofield, Seeley, Sherwood, Sloss, Snapp, Snyder,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Twichell, Wallace,
and Williams of New York—45.
So Mr. Bingham's substitute as modified
was adopted.
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
