19J6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. COGHLAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred upon Mr. Holman's
amendment.
The question was then put; and on a divis-
ion there were—ayes 30, noes 80 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must insist upon a
quorum on a question so vitally affecting the
interests of the country as this does.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Coghlan were appointed.
The committee divided; but the tellers an-
nounced no result.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the result is an-
nounced, I rise to a privileged question. I
understand from the report 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I rise to a question
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is that the rules pro-
hibit gentlemen from voting on matters in
which they are personally interested. The
report made to the House indicates that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
is interested in one of the roads involved in
this proposition, and I submit that his vote
should be withdrawn.
Mr. COGHLAN. That is not a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule, and every gentleman will determine for
himself whether he conforms to the rule and
if he has violated the rules of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the rule be
reported.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman
send up the rule he desires to have read?
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the clerks are
as familiar with it as they are with their horn-
books.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the Journal clerk is not
able to point out that rule 1 will find it myself
at my leisure.
The CHAIRMAN. The Journal clerk is
not present.
Mr. HOLMAN. I send up the rule, and
ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No mombor shall vote on any question in tho
event of which ho is immediately and particularly
interested, or in any case where he was not within
the bar of tho House when the question was put."
The CHAIRMAN. This rule applies to the
consciences of each individual member of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must appeal from that
decision of the Chair. This is a question of
the highest privilege, and unless the gentleman
from Massachusetts says that he is not inter-
ested in these roads, I ask that his vote be
excluded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. You cannot rise to that question in
Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana rises to the point of order that any
member interested in a pending question may
not vote upon it, and he names the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] and that
if Mr. Hooper is interested in this question,
under the rules he cannot vote. That is a
question of fact, which the Chair is not called
upon to decide. The Chair rules that no mem-
ber interested directly in the effect of this vote
is entitled to vote. Neither the gentleman
from Massachusetts or any other member of
the House. If any gentleman violates this
rule in voting he is subject to such discipline
in this this House as the House itself shall
determine.
Mr. HOLMAN. Sir, I rise to a question
of the very highest privilege. I move that in-
asmuch as it appears from the records of the
House that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoopek] is interested in the subject-
matter involved, his vote be excluded from
the count just taken. I shall insist on that
motion unless the gentleman from Massachu-
setts says that he is not interested.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has stated
his ruling; does the gentleman from Indiana
appeal from it?
Mr. HOLMAN. I make an independent
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. Pending a division in
Committee of the Whole,-no independent mo-
tion is in order. Does the gentleman from
Indiana appeal from that decision ?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; I do not appeal
from that decision.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent that
the tellers resume their places, and that the
vote begin de novo, and after the suggestions
which have been made I believe it can be con-
ducted on correct principles.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the question betaken again.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that the
gentleman from Indiana will now withdraw
his appeal from the decision of the Chair, and
that the chairman of the Committee of the
Whoie report this question to the House for
its determination.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will restate my motion.
Inasmuch as it appears from the records of
this House that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] is the owner of stock
in one of the roads affected by this amend-,
ment, and inasmuch as he voted, I move that
his vote be excluded.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] upon a division of the
committee raises the question that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] being
shown, as he alleges, by the records of this
House, to be directly interested in this ques-
tion, is not entitled to vole. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] moves that the
committee rise and report the question to the
House for its determination.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. DAWES (chairman of the Committee
of the Whole) said: Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
have had under consideration the Senate
amendments to the legislative appropriation
bill. Upon a division of the committee on
the ninety-third amendment of the Senate the
question of fact was raised by the gentleman
trom Indiana [Mr. Holman] that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] being
directly interested in the question, was not
entitled to vote. Upon motion, the commit-
tee decided to rise and report the matter to
the House for its determination.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee of the Whole reports that the
committee have had under consideration the
Senate amendments to the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill; that the
ninety-third amendment of the Senate being
reached, (relating to the payment of interest by
the Union Pacific and Central Pacific Railroad
Companies,) the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] raised the point of order upon the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
that the latter gentleman, being directly inter-
ested, had no right to vote. Upon that ques-
tion this Chair will state that, as a matter of
parliamentary law, it is laid down ip the rules
that where the interest is direct a member has
no right to vote. In this case if the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] be a stock-
holder in that road the Chair would rule he had
no right to vote. It differs from the case of
national banks, which has been brought up in
several instances, in the fact that this is a single
corporation, and is not of general interest held „
throughout the country by all classes of peo- |
pie in all communities. It was long ago !
ruled by Mr. Speaker Winthrop, in a decision
in the Massachusetts Legislature, which has
ever since been held to be a guide on that sub-
ject, on the point being made against a gen-
tleman who had some corporate .interest in
some corporations which were general through-
out the Commonwealth, and it was shown to
be an interest in no sense individual, and
could not be narrowed down to a question of
personal interest as separate and distinct from
the general interest. In reference to the ques-
tion of national banks, which circulate the
currency of the whole country, whose stock-
holders are numbered by thousands, residing
in every community, the Chair wpuld hold no
point could be made against a member because
there is no interest there separate and distinct
from the general public interest. But if a
stockholder in a single railroad corporation,
as iu this case, has his vote challenged it would
be the duty ot the Chair to hold, if he is actu-
ally a stockholder of the road, that he had no
right to vote.
-Mr. RANDALL. That decision does you
honor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides
without any knowledge in this particular case.
It is for the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper,] whose delicacy the Chair
knows and cheerfully recognizes, to relieve
the House from any embarrassment on that
question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I wish to state that I am indirectly a
stockholder in the Union Pacific railroad and
did not intend to vote on this question. I did
not listen to the debate in committee, being
engaged in writing at my desk, when the chair-
man of the committee, after repeated calls
upon everybody in the House to vote to make
a quorum, asked .me to go down and vote,
which I did. I now ask to withdraw my vote.
The SPEAKER. The geutleman's vote
will be withdrawn. The Chair will order, this
point being settled, that the House is again in
committee, and the vote will be again taken
by tellers.
enkolled bills.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. fNo. 873) for the relief of Francis
A. Gibbons
An act (S. No. 1645) to provide for the
expenses of the investigation of alleged frauds
in the recent senatorial election in Kansas;
An act (S. No. 1596) relating to the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
middle and northern districts of Alabama,-
An act (S. No. 1321) for the relief of Ben-
jamin H. Campbell, marshal of the United
States for the northern district of Illinois ; and
An act (S. No. 1439) to transfer the control
of certain powers and duties in relation to the
Territories to the Department of the Interior.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. Under the ruling in
the House the vote will be again taken on the
pending amendment, and the tellers will resume
their places.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 95.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on Mr. Wood's
amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to address the com-
mittee on my amendment before the Chair puts
the question.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate has been
closed.
The committee again divided ; and there
were—ayes 15, noes 96.
So the amendment was rejected.
