1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. HOLM AN. The committee will meet
to-morrow, when the matter can be considered.
Mr. HIBBARD. How much are the rev-
enues collected at this point?
Mr. AVEttlLL. I do not know; last year
they were something like $250,000. This
measure is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the discretion is left with
him.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object to the pres-
ent consideratipn of the bill.
Subsequently Mr. HOLMAN said: I under-
stand that this bill is recommended by the
majority of the committee, and therefore I
must withdraw my objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. AVERILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. ARCHER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to report back a
Senate bill with an amendment striking out
all after the enacting clause.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I must insist
upon the regular order of business. It would
be better to go to the Speaker's table than to
proceed with business in this way.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I will
move to go into Committee of the Whole.
CREDIT MOBILIKli TESTIMONY.
The SPEAKER. The business pending be-
fore the House is a resolution reported from
the Committee on Printing by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,] which will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed of the testimony taken before the commit-
tee on investigation, of which Mr. Poland was
chairman, together with tho report of said commit-
tee. seven thousand copies for the use of the House,
and three thousand copies for tho uso of the Sonate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. PoiandJ expresses a desire to
move an amendment to this resolution so as
to provide for fifteen thousand copies for the
House and five thousand copies for the Senate.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] de-
clined to allow the amendment to be offered,
and called the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. BEATTY. I understand the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] does not desire
to offer his amendment-
Mr. POLAND. I do desire to offer it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why
should we print a large number of copies of
this stuff?
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 58, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to say that the
number of copies provided for by this resolu-
tion will cost $5,000. This testimony has
already been published in the leading news-
papers of the country.
Mr. POLAND. Only a meager abstract has
been published in the papers.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
the Chair will appoint thegentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] and the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Beatty] to act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 81, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon adopting the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
this resolution will not be adopted. 1 do not
see any occasion for printing this scandalous
report and testimony.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I call for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of this resolu-
tion. I think there should be a larger number.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being seven in the affirmative, not one-fifth of
the last vote.
The resolution was then adopted upon a
division—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ _ Mr. Speaker, I ask
leave to present a petition for the relief of
Edward O'Meagher Condon, the only Ameri-
can citizen remaining in prison in England,
and a statement relative to his case, and ask
that it be printed in the Globe and for the use
of the House, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. This petition is signed by
the father and mother of the prisoner, Hon.
Edward F. Noyes, the Governor of Ohio;
Hon. S. S. Davis, mayor of the city of Cin-
cinnati, and more than one hundred of the
leading citizens of Ohio and of Cincinnati.
The prisoner is the last American citizen left
in a foreign prison. He is a brave soldier, a
patriot, and a good citizen, believed by those
most familiar with all the circumstances of his
case to have been wrongfully convicted. He
has been long suffering in a foregn dungeon,
and he is entitled to whatever aid his country
can render.
No objection was made; aud it was ordered
accrdingly.
The petition is as follows :
To the Congress of the United States :
Your petitioners, residents of the city of Cincin-
nati. Ohio, respoctl'ully, but earnestly, ask that you
will by proper lesolutioii or otherwise interposo in
behalf of Edward O'M. Condon, a citizen of this
Stato and city, now in confinement in the Portland
convict establishment m England for the alleged
murder of a policeman in Manchester.
Your petitioners state that young Condon was in
1867 a resident of this city, and was a good, indus-
trious, and honest young man, respected by all who
knew him; that in that year he was sent over to
Ireland from Cincinnati to attend to some property
left his father, Thomas Condon, of this city, and was
also instructed on his return to call on two relatives
living in Manchester, Englatul: that while near said
Manohestor he was arrested for alleged complicity
in the murder of a policeman of Manchester; that
he was hurriodly tried, and, as wo fully believe by
false testimony of perjured witnesses, condemned to
death; that thereafter upon representations made
by Mr. Adams, tho American minister to the British
Government, his sentence was commuted or a re-
prieve granted; that he has sincc then, now more
than five yoars, been imprisoned in England, and
still lios there in jail; and we stato that ho had
ever beon while in tho United States a young man
of exemplary character.
That his long confinement has worn upon Jjis
hoalth, and must ultimately, added to his keen sense
of the injustice of his condemnation, kill him,
unless he is roleased. That he was the main hope
and stay of his paronts, Thomas Condon and wile,
who are old, and that his sad condition has brought
untold sorrow and distress upon his family. That
his release is demanded by justioe and mercy both.
That his trial was hasty and imperfect, and he was
made a victim to falsehood and excitement.
That we have no doubt, if the British Government
would authorise a now trial in his case, it would be
clearly shown that he is innocent of tho great crime
imputed to him. And wo, his parents, neighbors,
and friends, earnestly ask your honorable bodios to
take such action as will bo consistent with your
honor, and that of our country,and also, as will afford
tho English Government tho opportunity to show to
American citizens that justice which no Govern-
ment is more constant and energetic in demanding
for her own subjects than she is.
THOMAS CONDON, his fattier.
ELLEN CONDON, his mother.
I recommend and request that a new trial be
granted if possible.
BDWAllD F. NOYES,
Governor of Ohio.
J. B. PURCELL,
A. G. Cincinnati.
M. H. TILDEjST,
Judge Superior Court.
W.S. GKOESBECK,
ALFRED YAPLE,
Judge of Superior Court of Cincinnati,
State of Ohio.
I choorfully concur in tho request of Governor E.
F. Noyes.
S. S. DAVIS,
Mayor of Cincinnati.
I am not acquainted with the facts of the case or
the laws under which Condon was tried, but Mr. and
Mrs. Condon are worthy people, their son is their
stay, and Ms release would be a mercy and a blessing
to them.
M. T. FORA,
Judge Hamilton Common Pleas.
CHAS. C. MURDOCK,
Judge Hamilton Common Pleas.
WM. L. AVERY,
Judge Hamilton Common Pleas.
T. A, O'CONNOR,
Judge Superior Court of Cincinnati,
J. BURNET.
Judge Hamilton Common Pleas.
WILLIAM TILDEN,
Judge of Probate Court, Hamilton county, Ohio.
N. H. VAN VORHES,
Speaker Ohio House Representatives.
Joseph P. Wright, W. Morrow Beach,
H. D. McDonnell, John G. Thompson,
A. W. Patrick, John W. Morris,
John SchiiF, James Sayler,
Charles Boesel, W. O. Packer,
J. S. Gardner, I. Q. Smith,
Peter Murphy, D. W. H. Howard,
L. B. Leeds, S. Knox,
P. W. Hardesty, J. T. Updejuff,
W. H. Holden, Wm, Nasi*.
Arome C. Wales, H. S. Gage,
J. H. R. Anon, Ohio Senate.
C. H. BABCOCK,
Speaker pro tem. House of Representatives, Ohio.
John Little, James E. Chase,
W. 0. Cooper, A. Armstrong,
T, Miltenoerger, H. I1. Brashear,
J. M. Haag, H. Beckstresser,
Wm. Bell, jr., Geo. Nokes,
Milt. McCoy, A. R. Van Cleaf,
O. Case, * S. E. Blakeslee,
B. C. Blackburn, Lewis Green,
H. M. Chapman, W. Stilwell,
J. M. Cochran, J.M.Brunswick,
John M. Wilson, JohnT. Fallis,
J. R. Conrad, John shank,
Charles P. Taft, Charles Oesterlein,
W. C. McFarland, David Cunningham,
S. B. Berry, George W. Wilson,
John Seitz, C. I'. Jiirkland,
n. Weible, Albert Munson,
William Adair. William Milligan,
S. N. Titus, Henry Schoenfeldt,
William G. Ways. A. H. Brown,
R. C. Thompson, Elias EUiss,
H. W. Curtiss, Benjamin F. Sprigs,
J. Scott. N. B. Leland,
Isaiah Pillars, Isaao Auslill,
W. P. Howland, J. R. Conrad,
S. R. Mott, J. J. Moore,
Thos. jH. Armstrong, M. McCoy,
John C. Waldron, J. Count,
Ira Ferguson, G. B. Smith,
Henry Chapman. Samuel G. Bowman,
Thomas D. Stiles, Henry Weible,
Levi Colly, Thomas Peokinpany,
liugeno Powell, JohnKisor,
George Nokes, Guido Mare,
WilJiam Ij.'Ross, T.A.Corcoran,
Clark White. H. C. Whitman.
Joseph Bradbury,
Members Ohio Legislature,
The case of Edward O' Meagher Condon, now confined
hi Portland convict prison, England, convicted for
complicity in the killing of a policeman in Man-
ehester.
Edward O'Meagher Condon, a citizen of the
United States, late a resident of Cincinnati, Ohio,
was sent over to Ireland from Cincinnati in the
spring of 1867 to attend to some property left to his
father by an uncle. He was instructed to eall at
Manchester on his return to see two relatives residing
there. While in Ma.nohester he was arrested for
oomplicity in the killing of the aforesaid policeman,
under the following circumstances :
Two suspected Fenians named Kelley and Deaey
were being sent to jail in a prison van with other
prisoners. The van was stopped about half way
between the court-house and the jail by a party of
forty men who demanded the release of the two sus-
pected Fenians. They ordered the policeman inside
the van to open the doors. He had the kevs, but
refused to comply. The party then proceeded to
break open the van with stones, &c., but failing, one
of them fired a pistol into the keyhole to burst the
lock. The bullet accomplished the object, and shot
the policeman inside. There was no intention to
injure the man. It might as well be one of the
prisoners who would get hurt, but he was in the
course of the bullet and got killed.
Condon was arrested the same evening threo
mites away from the place of the accident. The
aifair created the wildest excitement and great
alarm throughout England, particularly in Man-
chester, and in the midst of this popular panic a
special commission was appointed to convict the
Prisoners. They wore tried in batches of fives,
ana Condon, an American, was included in the first
batch. Ihey were all convicted of murder in the
first degree and sentenced to be hanged. Twenty-
five witnesses swore against one man, fifteen against
two more, ten against the fourth, and five against
Condon. The person who had ten witnesses against
him was liberated on the application of the report-
ers, who declared that he did not have a fair trial.
