958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment in section three, line
five, to strike out "$3,000" and to insert
" $2,500" as the maximum of compensation
to be allowed to the collector of the district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. E.
No. 2414) granting a pension to Mrs. Abigail
Chaplin, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2409) grant-
ing a pension to Mary A. Shoemaker, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2508) granting a pension to Eliza J.
Fracker, reported it without amendment; and
submitted a report thereon, which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2524) grant-
ing a pension to Flora D. McKay, submitted
an adverse report thereon, which was ordered
to be printed; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (II.
11. No. 3351) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending Juno SO,
1874, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. SAUL&BUR.Y, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2420) granting a pension to Margaret
A. Renshaw, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. 11. No. 2556) grant-
ing a pension to Jane Thompson aud Margaret
Thompson, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred tlie bill
(H. 11. No. 2089) creating an additional land
district in the Territory of Arizona, reported
it without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an amendment to the bill (S. No. 10G7) to
provide for the creation and regulation of rail-
road companies in the Territories of tho Uni-
.ted States; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to ask the Senate
to take np a House bill which has been re-
ported favorably this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will wait one momeut, there are several Sen-
ators on the floor who desire to make reports,
after which the Chair will recognize the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1092) granting a-pension to Ellen
Agnes Kleiss, reported adversely thereon ; and
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2412) grant-
ing a pension to Helen M. Smith, reported
adversely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, subsequently
moved the reconsideration of the vote by which
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to ; and,
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut,
the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2408) granting a pension to
Samuel B. Davis, repotted adversely thereon,
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2470) grant-
ing a pension to Robert H. Brown, of Adair
county, Missouri, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1224) for the relief of Howard
F. Moffat, to report it back without amend-
ment, and as the bill is very short, I ask for its
consideration at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] has entered a gen-
eral objection to the consideration of any bills
reported this morning. Perhaps the Senator
had better reserve his report until another
day.
Mr. CRAGIN. Very well; I withdraw the
report.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from tbe Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Koads, to
whom was recommitted the bill (S. No. 1077)
referring to the Court of Claims, for adjudi-
cation and determination, a claim for the past
and future use -of the Norton postmarking
and postage-canceling liand-stamp, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 1078) re-
ferring to the Court of Claims a claim for the
use of tho Norton type-wheel dating and print-
ing machine, also the dating and canceling
hand-stamp, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CONKLfNG, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1448) to extend the time for the insti-
tution of suits in the Court of Claims, and for
other purposes, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement.
Mr. POOL. I ask that the bill be placed
on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) It will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1374) to aid the American
Printing-House for the Blind, and the Ameri-
can University for the Blind, in the District
of Columbia, reported adversely thereon, and
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a petition of citizens of Vir-
ginia and a petition of citizens of Maryland,
praying that a grant of money be made to
the American Printing-House tor the Blind,
and the American University for the Blind,
located in the District of Columbia, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
ABIGAIL CHAPLIN.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 ask unanimous consent
for the consideration of a bill reported favor-
ablythis morning by the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] from the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE. I do not intend to object to that,
but there are several bills on tbe Calendar that
I am very anxious shall pass, and I do not see
that we shall reach them unless we proceed in
order. 1 do not object to this bill, but I shall
to all others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill re-
ported by the Senator from Ohio will be read
for information.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall object to its con-
sideration.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
not object.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall object unless it is
understood that we are to go on with the Cal-
endar immediately. The bill paying the Gov-
ernment of Japan a small sum of money due
them is the first on the Calendar.
Mr. THURMAN. I will second the Sena-
tor's efforts to go on with the Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania withdraw hisobiection?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2414) granting a pension to Mrs. Abigail Chap-
lin was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
By its terms the Secretary of the Interior is
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Abigail Chaplin, who
was the widow of Josiah Snelling, jr., late a
colonel in the United States Army, to take
effect from and after the 1st of January, 1870.
Mr. THURMAN. That lady is seventy-odd
years of age, and I hope the bill will be passed.
It is a meritorious claim, reported favorably
in the House and reported favorably here. If
any one wants to know the facts, the Senator
from Georgia, who reported the bill, can state
them.
Mr. CAMERON. Is she to receive the pen-
sion provided by law, or is it an increase of
pension for a special case ?
Mr. THURMAN. It is not an increase.
This lady is the widow of the late Colonel
Snelling of the Army, and the mother of Cap-
tain Snelling, who lost his life by reason of a
wound received in Mexico at the battle of
Molino del Rey.
Mr. CAMERON. Let the report be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following abstract
of facts:
Washington, February 27,1872.
Mrs. Abby Snelling Chaplin, widow of Colonel
Josiah Snelling, late of the United States Army, who
died in 1828, in Washington city, of chronic diarrhea,
contracted by exposure in the winter campaign ot
1813, in the Chnteaugay woods, on the Canada lines,
is an applicant for a pension. She was left by her
husband in comfortable circumstances, sufficient for
the support of herself and children, and therefore
did not apply at that time, when she could without
doubt have obtained it.
In 1837-38 she lost her property, and soon after ap-
plied for a pension, but her brother (General John
E. Hunt, ol Toledo, Ohio,)having taken her and her
children to his home, she dropped her application.
Subsequently she married Rev. Mr. Chaplin, who
died in a few years, leaving her again destitute.
In the mean time her son, James G. Snelling, re-
ceived an appointment in the Army, served through
the Mexican war in Goneral Worth's regiment
(eighth infantry) and division, was engaged in all
the principal battles from Palo Alta to Molino del
Roy, (excepting Buena Vista,) was selected by Gen-
eral Worth himself for the storming party at Molino
del Rey, in which duty ho was shot through the
body, and received as a reward in 18o5 a captaincy
in one of tho new regiments raised in that year, lie
died at home from the effects of his wound soon
after ho received this promotion, and his mother
(then in her second widowhood) thus lost her sup-
port and has since been wholly dependent on a
daughter.
As this daughter is possessed of slender means,
Mrs. Chaplin again applied in 1858 for the pension
to which, undor the law, she had been justly entitled
for thirty years. As Colonel Snelling died while on
sick leave, and the physicians who attended him
wore dead, the record evidence required by tho rules
ot the Pension Bureau could not be obtained, and
she applied to Congress, with other sufficient evi-
dence to establish the equity of her claim, and the
senate passed in 1859 a bill for her relief, which, for
the want of a few minutes' time at the end of the
session, failed to pass the House of Representatives.
It was then thought that the evidence furnished,
with the action of the Senate upon it, would authorize
the Commissioner of Pensions to place her name on
the rolls. Upon examination the Commissioner did
not feel authorized to do so, but recommended her
case to tho favorable consideration of Congress.
The Committee on Pensions of the Househas, it
is understood, unanimously agreed to report a bill
granting her a pension from January 1,1870.
Ahe evidence of her husband's services in the war
of 181:., commencing with the battle of Tippecanoe,
are not only historical, but are testified to in copies
ot general orders and in letters of Hon. Lewis Cass,
(jonerals Jes?up, Churchill, and other prominent
oihcer.s, submitted with her petition.
She is a daughter ot an officer of the Revolution
wh oso services commenced at the battle of Lexington
and continued through the war, is now seventy-five
years ot age, has been a helpless cripple for seven
years, and for a much longer time wholly dependent
on her daughter.
She declined applying for apension so long as she
had other means of support, and would not apply
now did she not feel that it was a necessity, and that
she is and long has been justly and equitably enti-
tled to it in consideration of her husband's services
supplemented as they are by those of her son and of
her father.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to know what is
the amount to be paid._ If this lady is to
receive the ordinary pension, the bill is right.
Mr. HILL. Ihe bill gives her, beginning
