1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
with the 1st of January, 1870, the pay of a
colonel in the Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Pennsylvania to
call for the reading of the bill.
The bill was again read.
Mr. CAMERON. That is right. I have no
objection to that.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1493) granting a pension
to the widow of the late Captain Davenport;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1494) to promote commerce among the
States, and to cheapen the transportation of
the mails and military and naval stores; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1495) to adjust the rank and pay
of officers on the retired list of the Army ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
LANDS IN NORTHWEST TERRITORY.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask unanimous consent for
the consideration of Senate bill No. 749.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has entered an objection to
the consideration of any bill out of the regular
order.
Mr. COLE. The Senator's bill is on the
Calendar, I suppose, and will be reached in a
little while.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the Senator from
California that in my absence the bill Was laid
over. It was reached in the regular order on
the Calendar.
Mr. COLE. It is a case on the Calendar, I
understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is one of the
cases on the Calendar which were passed over,
under the Anthony rule. Does the Senator
from California withdraw his objection ?
Mr. COLE. I waive it for a case of thai
kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection, the bill will be regarded as
before the Senate.
The bill (S. No. 749) for the relief of persons
to whom the Governors of the Northwest and
Indiana Territories confirmed lands, which
lauds were afterward sold by the United
Slates, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to cause certificates of
confirmation to be issued to the legal repre-
sentatives of such persons as were confirmed
in their claims to land for the number of acres
confirmed to them by Governor Arthur St.
Clair, Governor of the Northwestern Territory,
or Governor William H. Harrison, Governor
of the Indiana Territory, upon all claims where
such certificates have not been already issued,
not exceeding in the aggregate acres;
which certificates, when so issued, are to_ be
in full satisfaction of and in lieu of all claims
against the United States for the lands con-
firmed by those Governors, and afterward sold
by the United States. Such certificates may
be located in legal subdivisions, in any land
office, upon any of the surveyed agricultural
public lands of the United States not reserved
from sale for Government use, or other pur-
poses ; and, when so located, patents are to
issue therefor. All certificates and patents
issued under this act shall designate the num-
ber of claim upon which the same are issued,
and shall state that their acceptance is in lieu
of original claim to the land, and in bar of
all further claim against the United States
for having sold said lands and subsequently
patented the same, and shall operate a release
to the subsequent purchaser from the United
States, of all title derived from confirmation
made by the Governors in the Northwest and
Indiana Territories to said parties.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish the Senator from
Missouri would consent to allow this bill to
lay aside for a little while. It needs some
amendments, I think; but when properly
amended, it ought to pass. As the bill now
stands, it provides for giving lands to the
legal representatives of certain persons who
were the grantees of Governor St. Clair and
Governor Harrison by deeds which the Su-
preme Court of the United States has decided
conveyed a fee simple title and a paramount
title to the lands mentioned in the deeds, but
which were disregarded at the General Land
Office, and the land surveyed and sold as pub-
lic land, and sold to individuals who bought
at the Land Office. These persons holding
the deeds from St. Clair and from Harrison
could have recovered the lands, as it turns out
they had the better title; but for some cause
or other they did not prosecute their suits,
and, failing to prosecute them, have become
barred by the statute of limitations. They
now ask that inasmuch as the Government
received the price of the lands, the Govern-
ment shall give them other lands in lieu of
their lands which the Government thus appro-
priated and sold. Their equity is certainly a
very good one, for although they lost their
lands through their own negligence, yet, inas-
much as the Government sold their land and
received the consideration for it, it is very
fair and very proper that the Government
should reimburse them ; and it makes them a
very inadequate compensation in fact when,
instead of giving them the money it received
for the land, with interest, it simply gives
them other land at $1 25 an acre.
But the bill needs amendment in one or two
particulars. In the first place, it ought to be
amended so that the persons who purchased
at the Land Office, and afterward bought in for
a trifle what were called these old French
claims—for they were nearly all grants to
Frenchmen who had settled in Illinois—should
not now come in and get, in addition to what
they bought and paid for, an equal amount of
laud elsewhere. I think it very probable that
the persons who purchased at the Land Office
afterward bought in these old claims, which
were discredited, at a mere trifle. I have
heard it said that as much as one hundred and
sixty acres sold for twenty dollars. Those
persons ought not to have the land purchased
from the Government, and also an equal
amount of land, on any such speculation as
that. Therefore, an amendment to exclude
those who had purchased in these claims from
the benefit of this act ought to be carefully
prepared.
There is angther particular in which the bill
ought to be amended. It provides that the
legal representatives of the original grantees
of St. Clair or of Harrison shall be entitled
to these lands. In legal language the legal
representative means the heir; it does not
mean the assignee. Now, it may very well
be, and is the fact, that in respect to some of
these persons they long since sold their claims,
and they are not entitled to compensation at
all; but if anybody is entitled to compensa-
tion it is their assigns.
I think the bill needs amendment in these
particulars, and if properly amended it ought
to pass, and I hope the Senator will agree to
lay it aside until the amendments can be pre-
pared.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent for the present consideration
of the bill, and therefore it will bo passed over
for the present, the Senator from Ohio desiring
to amend it.
^r: TRUMBULL. It is so difficult to get
yP a "ill that I hope the Senator from Ohio,
if he thinks these amendments are -necessary,
will oifer them now. One of them would
seem to be necessary—the one in regard to
assigns. _ Of course, if any .persons have parted
with their claims, they are not entitled to have
anything for them. If the Senator thinks the
bill as it is would provide that the persons who
held these original deeds and patents from
the early Governors and have disposed of
them would be entitled to the benefits of the
bill, of course they should not have land
again, but it is very easy to make that amend-
ment by adding the word "assigns."
As to the other suggestion, if the Senator
will reflect for a moment, I think he will see
that his position, if I understood him cor-
rectly, is not tenable. I understood him to
say that where the party had purchased the '
same land of the Government afterward, and
paid his $1 25 or whatever it sold at for it,
he should not have the benefit of this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. No; the Senator did
not understand me. I take this case, which I
have no doubt is the fact, and it has been so
stated to me, and it would naturally be the
fact: persons bought the land at the Land
Office, and afterward, in order to quiet their
title, bought in this old outstanding French
claim, as it was called, and bought it in for a
mere trifle. Now, they ought not to hav'6 an
equal amount of land withput any reference to
what they paid for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not?
Mr. THURMAN. I think not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
very familiar with these cases. They arose in
this way: when Virginia ceded the North-
western Territory to the United States she
provided in the deed of cession under which
the United States accepted it that the French
settlers in Kaskaskia and that region of coun-
try should be protected in their rights and pos-
sessions. Then the question was only as to
what their rights and possessions were. Con-
gress accepted the deed in that way. The
Government of the United States never owned
this land at all in reality ; but there was a
dispute about these claims, and Congress
appointed a commission to examine this mat-
ter, and that commission rejected some of the
claims and confirmed others. The particular
claims here provided for are cases where
the patents are in existence from Governor
St. Clair and Governor Harrison, and the par-
ties bring them here showing the patents for
these lands under the hands of the early Gov-
ernors of the Northwestern Territory. They
were authorized by Congress to inquire into
the extent of these possessions and set them
off. They did so, and issued to the parties
confirmations,of their claims. Subsequently,
however, Congress rejected some of these con-
firmations. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office proclaimed all this land for sale,
and it was sold as public land.
The parties did not lie by, as the Senator
from Ohio seems to suppose, though they are
Erecluded by the statute of limitations. The
and Office decided against them, but finally a
case came up to the Supreme Court of the
United States a fewyears ago, and the Supreme
Court of the United States decided that after
the issuing of these deeds by Governor St.
Clair and Governor Harrison to these parties
under an actof Congress, the Government had
parted with its title and had no right to re-
claim it. That decision settles the right of
these parties; but they cannot enforce it in
a pourt of law now on account of the lapse
of time. They are not, however, entirely cul-
pable for negligence, because the Land Office
decided against them.
Now, I suggest to the Senator from Ohio to
insert his amendment so that this land will
certainly not go to parties who have passed
