1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
Fiveof the witnesses who had him convicted were
those who swore against Condon. Three of those
witnesses were prostitutes confined in the van at the
time of the riot, one a detective, and a fifth a by-
stander.
The evidence of this last witness was that he rec-
ognized Condon by seeing him hit by a stone which
cut his head, and he knew him by the wound. The
policeman who arrested Condon swore that he in-
flicted the wound on Condon's head at the time of
the arrest, and a surgeon swore that the wound was
not inflicted by a stone.
In the preliminary investigation not one of the
witnesses identified Condon as present at the break-
ing of the van until the detective, who afterward
swore against him, took the three prostitutes and
pointed Condon out to them through a window.
After this they swore that he was one of the rioters.
Yet upon such evident, perjury he waseonvicted.
Immediately after his conviction he wrote to Mr.
Low, American consul at Manchester, who directed
him to write a statement of his case to him and ho
would send it to Minister Adams, who immediately
applied for and got a respite by directions sent by
telegraph by Mr. Seward.
From the statement of Daniel Redden, just pub-
lished, who was confined for the same cause, it is
greatly feared that. Condon cannot long survive such
lerribie cruelty. lie is accused of murdering a man
he never saw. A petition, signed by all the mem-
bers of thecity council of Cincinnati, and indorsed
by President Grant, had'no effect. Akindletterfrom
Chief Justice Chase, in which ho said: " as three had
been put to death for the murder of one, surely jus-
tice ought to be satisfied, and mercy take place in
Condon's case," also failed. The chivalrous General
Sherman requested his release as a special favor
upon himself, for the many times ha was instru-
mental in getting .Englishmen out of trouble in this
country. Home Secretary Brace has all those let-
ters, together with one from Judge Fitzgerald, of
Dublin, in which he told the home secretary that,
after an examination of Condon's trial, he would
not convict him on such evidence.
The case of Condon is peculiar. Ten witnesses
convicted the man who was set free, and only five of
the same witnesses appeared against him, yet he is
still in prison.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before moving
to go into Committee of the Whole I will move
that all debate on the pending section be lim-
ited to fifteen minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have already
debated it for half an hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg par-
don ; a portion of that debate was on another
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How much
time do gentlemen want?
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to be heard
upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I will
propose that all debate be limited to thirty
minutes.
joseph b. stewakt.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
■what I consider a question of privilege. We
have had a prisoner for some time in custody.
I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be instructed
to discharge him and let him go hence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Tennessee, as a question of privilege, moves
that J oseph B. Stewart, held in custody as a
recusaut witness, be discharged.
Mr. SARGENT. I think he had better
remain in custody until the 4th of Mareh.
A Member. Is this a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. It is a question of priv-
ilege undoubtedly.
Mr. COX. I beg to say that I have received
a letter from Mr. Stewart to-day 
Mr. GARFIERD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. MayxardJ to
withdraw thi3 proposition, and -let us go on
with the discharge of our legislative duties.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose to de-
bate the proposition.
Mr. HALE. I raise the question of consid-
eration.
Mr. COX. In the interest of public right
as connocted with a man incarcerated by our
order, I desire to present to the House a
corrected statement of his testimony, that it
maybe put in print, so that it can be compared
with his testimony as reported to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is another matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Tennessee moves that the witness, Joseph B.
Stewart, now in the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, be discharged.
* Mr. COX. I will not vote for that.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Maynabd, it was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I now ask that the corrected
testimony of Joseph B. Stewart be printed.
Several members objected.
member's right to vote.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to make a statement. In re-
gard to your decision this morning upon my
right to vote on the ninety-third amendment
of the Senate to the legislative appropriation
bill, I wish to call the attention of the
Speaker to the fact that the amendment of the
Senate was general in its terms, that it did
not apply specially to the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company. The amendment reads :
And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
withhold all payments to any railroad company and
its assigns on account of transportation.
It has no specific or definite reference to
the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
I had no desire to vote upon the question, as
I stated this morning, but voted at the request
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations in order to make a quorum. I still
think, however, that I had the right to vote;
and I wish to call the attention of the Speaker
to the point I have referred to, because I think
he was under a misapprehension in supposing
that the amendment applied specifically to the
Union Pacific Railroad Company. Whatever
the decision of the Chair may be, I do not pro-
pose and have no desire to vote upon the
question. When I did so this morning, under
the circumstances I have stated, I was not
aware what the question was, and 1 was
obliged to ask the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations how I should vote. Upon
his request I voted in the negative. I had not
given special attention to the question and did
not intend to vote upon this question at all. j
merely rise now to call the attention of the
Chair to the question of my right to vote. I
think that as the amendment did not apply
specifically to the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and was not limited to it, I had the right
to vote if I chose to do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. Every gentleman in the
House certainly knows that this amendment
applies to the Union Pacific railroad and the
roads connected with it, and to no other roads.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It was
the Speaker whose attention I was calling to
the matter.
Mr. HOLMAN, And my remark was
addressed to the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Government of the
United States has granted subsidies in bonds
only to the Pacific railroads and their
branches, the Union Pacific, the Central
Pacific, the Kansas Pacific, and the Sioux
City and Pacific. The Chair thinks the
amendment is narrowed down to this point.
Although, upon the question raised in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the Chair would not
feel disposed to vary his decision, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts could not be con-
sidered personally in default at all, because
the motive of voting was to make a quorum,
and the Chair understands the gentleman voted
on the losing side. Nothing was carried by
the gentleman's vote. It was to make a
quorum on a vote already decided against
him.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Chair decided the
question that a stockholder of the road to be
affected could not vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may mention
that it has never been held to be a violation of
a pair if the gentleman who was paired and
present should vote on the opposite side from
that on which he was paired in order to make a
quorum.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman withdrew
his vote after explanation, and with the de-
cision of the Chair it was entirely satisfactory
to the House.
agricultural college bill.
Mr. PERCE. I hope the Chair will yield
to me for the purpose of testing the sense of
the House on taking from the Speaker's table
and ordering a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 693.
Mr. BURDETT. Is that in reference to
agricultural colleges ?
Mr. PERCE. It is.
Mr. BURDETT. Then I hope it will not
be done.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to recognize the chairman of the Committee
on .Appropriations at this stage of the session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
any farther, but must insist on my motion that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
closing debate.
Mr. HALE. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will yield to me to
test the sense of the House on limiting the debate
on the section now pending in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to
thirty minutes. I think that is time enough
at this stage of the session.
Mr. SARGENT. In view of the business
it ought not to be put on at this stage of the
session.
The SPEAKER. What is the section ?
Mr. HALE. It is section two and all the
amendments thereto.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It includes the
pending amendment and all germane amend-
ments to that section.
The Honse divided, and there were—ayes
80, noes 17.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, all debate is limited to thirty
minutes, upon the pending amendments to
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HALE. No, only in reference to sec-
tion two and pending amendments thereto.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana move his amendment as an amend-
ment to section two or as an independent sec-
tion?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I prefer it to
come in as an independent section.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman from Indiana
stated to me before the recess that he proposed
to offer his amendment as an amendment to
section two; I think he will not deny that.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I prefer to
have it as an independent section.
Mr. HALE. Then I make the motion that
all debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on section two, or any
amendments in the bill relatinguto the Pacific
railroads be limited to thirty minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does that include inde-
pendent propositions ?
Mr. HALE. It includes everything on the
subject.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative.)
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask leave to print
some remarks on this subject. •
Mr. HALE. I object.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
then agreed to. :
The House accordingly resolved itself in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the Senate amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appropri-
