960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
their title. He can do that in a moment by
adding the word "assigns," and then let us
dispose of the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I have looked at the
bill) and I cannot in a moment and during the
session of the Senate prepare such amend-
ments as I think ought to be made to it.
While 1 grant that there is an equity here
in favor of some persons, it requires to .be
guarded. It is a very old claim. It is a
claim nearly three -quarters of a century old,
and it. requires some little care to see that
while doing equity to some persons, we do not
give away a great deal to persons who are not
entitled.
There is another limit that ought to be put
upon the bill—a limit as to the number of acres
to be given. I move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and I promise my friend that we will
report it by the day after to morrow with such
amendments as we think ought to be put
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not, of course,
resist if the Senator insists on recommitting
it. The Senator from Missouri has charge of
the bill. I happen to know about it because
I was one of the counsel in one of these cases
that went up to the Supreme Court, and know
all about the decision.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish the Senator to
understand that I am in favor of the general
principles of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR. This bill was considered in
the Committee on Private Land Claims. The
Senator from Ohio was not then a member of
that committee, but the then Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who was a very care-
ful Senator, and others considered the measure.
It was reported at the last session, and has
been lying on our table ever since, and would
have been passed upon before but for my sick-
ness and absence from the city, I do not
think that the objection which the Senator
from Ohio takes is a valid one, and I hope the
Senate will consider the measure and pass
upon it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
moves that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO CitBW OV THK ATI/ANTIC.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen
dar is now in order.
Mr. CORBBTT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. It. No. 187)
tendering the thanks of Congress to Captain
Graddell, officers and crew of the steamship
Atlantic, of the White Star line, for saving the
brigantine Scotland in mid-ocean, to report it
back without amendment; and I ask for its
present consideration, if there be no objection.
Mr. PRATT. In the interest of the Calen-
dar, I shall have to object.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 will state what this reso-
lution is. It is tendering thanks for the sav-
ing of a vessel that was wrecked to the captain
of a ship of the White Star line. I presume
there will be no objection.
Mr. PEATT. I will say to the Senator that
there are a great many bills on the Calendar
to which there is no possible objection, and
the only way we can get to consider them is
by calling the Calendar.
BENTS DUE JAPANESE GOVERNMENT.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the
Calendar for to-day is the bill (H. R. No.
2797) providing for the payment to the Gov-
ernment of Japan, from the indemnity fund,
the sum due on account of rents for lands and
buildings occupied by the diplomatic and con-
sular representatives of the United Slates to
Japan, and for other purposes, which is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the
pending question being on the amendment
submitted by Mr. Stewart, to strike out the
second section of the bill and in lieu thereof
to insert the following:
That the Secretary of State, through the minister
resident at Japan, be, and is hereby, authorized to
rent, furnish, and keep suitable buildings, with
grounds and appurtenances, in Yeddo, orsuch other
place as he may designate, for a court-house and
jail, at an annual cost not exceeding $5,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. After the remarks of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Came-
ron',] which I understood for the first time
this morning by reading them in the Globe, I
do not wish to delay this bill. The Senator
yesterday spoke in so low a voice that I had
not the good fortune to hear one word he said.
His appeal in regard to the urgent necessity
of having a jail of our own, so that American
citizens who are so unfortunate as to require
incarceration may not be exposed to the hor-
rors of Japanese prisons, is one that addresses
itself with" very great force to me. At the
same time I think I should be wanting in duty
to the Senate if I failed to propose what I have
to propose. It is that the bill shall be amended
by substituting for $5,000 $4,000, and that
there be a further amendment, that the period
for which such jail and court house shall be
hired by the United States shall not exceed
two years. The object of that is to give the
Committee on Foreign Relations an oppor-
tunity to consider, what I suggested yesterday,
the propriety and indeed the necessity of the
United States owning their own court-house
and jail at Yeddo.
I am not informed as to the nature of land
tenures in Japan sufficiently perhaps to dis-
sent decidedly from what the Senator from
Pennsylvania said yesterday as to the impos-
sibility of getting a title in fee in that coun-
try. I imagine, however, that the Japanese
Government would be very willing to modify
its laws for the purpose of permitting our Gov-
ernment to acquire such a title. 1 am also
of the impression that, while the tenure of
land in Japan is not such as to permit the
acquisition of what we understand by a fee
simple absolute, yet there is a tenure there
which practically amounts to that; so that 1
think there can be no difficulty, upon one or
other of the grouuds that I have stated, in the
United States acquiring a title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California moves to amend the
amendment by striking out "five" and in-
serting " four."
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall not
make that amendment. Time is of more value,
in my judgment, than $1,000. The amount
stated in the hill is the sum agreed upon at
the instance of the minister to Japan, who
was here last year. We supposed he under-
stood the subject better than any member of
the committee, and we took his statement,
which I believe was wise and right. I trust
we shall pass the bill as it is.
Mr. PRATT. As the residue of the morn-
ing hour is likely to be consumed as it was
yesterday in the discussion of the bill, if it be
in order I move that it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single
objection carries it over.
Mr. STEWART. I presume the vote can
be taken now. If there is another word said,
I will renew the objection.
Mr. PRATT. We were toldy-esterday two or
three times that the vote was going to be taken,
but the whole morning hour was consumed.
Mr. STEWART and others. Try it.
Mr. PRATT. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana objects, and the bill goes
over.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator from
Indiana will allow us to take a vote. If it
fails, we will give up.
Mr. PRATT. We tried yesterday.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us try once more.
Mr. PRATT. I insist on the objection.
Mr. STEWART. Believing that the Senate
is ready to vote now, I appeal to the Senator
from Indiana to allow the vote to be taken.
If there is one word more said, I will renew
the objection. If anybody speaks about the
bill again, I will renew the objection.
Mr. PRATT. With the understanding that
there is to be no more discussion, I withdraw
-the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada, reducing the amount from $5,000
to $4,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. _ I offer the following
amendment, to come in as a proviso at the end
of the amendment of the Senator from Nevada:
Provided, That the period for which the said build-
ings shall be rented shall be for two years, with
renewals for two years as the Secretary of State shall
determine.
Mr. CAMERON and Mr. STEWART. That
is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. How does it now read 1
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as
amended is to strike out the second section,
and to insert in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of State, through the minis-
ter resident at Japan, be and ho is hereby author-
ized to rent, furnish, and keep suitable buildings,
with grounds and appurtenances, in Yeddo, or such
other place as he may designate, for a court-house
and jail, at an annual cost not exceeding §5,000:
Provided, That the period for which the said build-
ings shall be rented shall be for two years, with
renewals for two years as the Secretary of State
shall determine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to the third section reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations which
has not yet been acted on. The question is on
that amendment, which is to strike out in line
three, after the word "appropriated," the
words " to be paid out of the Japanese indem-
nity fund " and to insert "out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended by striking out the
words " from the indemnity fund," so as to
read:
A bill (H. It. No. 2797) providing for the payment
to the Government of Japan the sum due on account
of rents for lands and buildings occupied by the dip-
lomatic and consular representatives of the United
States to Japan, and for other purposes.
MARY Ji. AND MAVILLA S SNIVELY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will now report, the bills on the Calendar
in their order.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2509) granting a pension to Mary
E. Snively and Mavilla S. Snively; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the names of Mary E. Snively and Mavilla S.
Snively, only minor children of Abraham
Snively, late a private of company F four-
teenth regiment of Michigan volunteers.
Mr. PRATT. I think the name of one of
the beneficiaries is wrong. I move to strike
out "Mavilla" and substitute "Marilla."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
