1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes-.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee resumes
the consideration of the legislative,-executive,
and judicial appropriations, and by order of
the House all debate on section two and the
amendments relating to the Pacific railroads
must be closed in thirty minutes..
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of
order. If the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana is to add an additional section I desire'
to move an amendment to section two.
Mr. SARGENT. I trust the discussion al-
lotted to this important section will not be
frittered away on points of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I ask to have
my amendment read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Attorney General shall cause a suit in equity
to be instituted in the name of the United states
against the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and
against all persons who may, in their own names or
through any agents, have subscribed for orreoeived
capital stock in said road, which stock hasnot.ljeen
paid for in full in money, or who may have reooived,
as dividends or otherwise, portions of the capital
stock of said road, or the proceeds or avails thereof,
or other property of said road, unlawfully and con-
trary to equity, or who may have received as profits
or proceeds of contracts for construction or equip-
ment of said road or other contracts therewith,
moneys or other property which ought, in equity,
to belong to said railroad corporation, or who may,
under pretence of having complied with the acts to
which this is_ an addition, have wrongfully and un-
lawfully received, from the United States, bonds,
moneys, or lands which ought in equity be accounted
for and paid to said railroad company or to the
United States, and to compel payment for said stock,
ancl the collection and payment of such moneys,
and the restoration of such property, or its value,
either to said railroad corporation or to the United
States, whichever shall in equity bo held entitled
thereto. Said suit may be brought in the circuit
court in any circuit, and all said parties may bo
mado defendants in one suit. Decrees may be
entered and enforced against any ono or more par-
ties defendant without awaiting the final determ-
ination of the cause against other parties. Tho court
where said cause is pending may make such orders
and decrees and issue suoh process as it shall deem
necessary to bring in now parties or tho representa-
tives of parties doceasod, or to carry into effect the
purposes of this act. On filing the bill Writs of sub-
penamay be issued by said.court, against any par-
ties defendant, which writ shall run into any dis-
trict and shall bo served as other like process by the
marshal of such district. The books, records, cor-
respondence, and all other documents of tho Union
Pacific Railroad Company shall at all times bo open
to inspection by the Secretary of the Treasury or
such persons as ho may delegate for that purposo.
The laws of the United States providing for PVO-
coedings in bankruptcy shall not bo held to apply to
said corporation. No dividend shall hereafter bo
made by said company but from tho actual net
earnings thereof; and no neiv stock shall be issued
or mortgages or pledges mado on tho property or
future earnings of the company without leave of
Congress, excopt for the purpose qf funding and
securing debt now existing, or tho renewals thereof.
Any director or officer who shall pay or declare, or
aid in paying or declaring, any dividend, or creat-
ing any mortgage or pledge prohibited by this aot,
or who shall ofiond against tho provisions of the
sixth section thereof, shall bo punished by impris-
onment not exceeding two years and by fine not
exceeding $5,000. Tho proper circuit court of tho
United States shall have jurisdiction to hoar, try.
and determine all cases of mandampp to compel
said Union Pacific Railroad Company to operate
its road as required by law.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, ros<$.
Mr. YOUNG. Is this amendable V
Mr. CONGER. I rise to offer an amend-
ment to section one, to come in at the end of
the section.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I wish to call
the attention of the gentlemen from Michigan
[Mr. Conger,] to the fact that the Amendment
I have offered is all in one section. I wish to
explain to the committee that this bill, as is
apparent, is the bill that was reported from
the select Committee on the Credit Mobilier
Investigation No. 2. It was originally in sec-
tions. But being now moved as an amendment
to this appropriation bill, it is ail put into one
section.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair requests the
gentleman from Indiana to suspend Las re-
marks. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] addressed the Chair at the same
time as the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Wilson,] for the purpose of amending section
one, That amendment would be in order.
Mr. CONGER. I send my amendment to
the Clerk's desk. *
The Olerk proceeded to read the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Conger.
Mr. BANKS. 1 rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Indiana as I understand
has the floor.
Mr. HOAR. I also rise to a question of
order. Before the Committee of the Whole
rose in the afternoon the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Wilson] was recognized to offer
his amendment; it was received, and when
the committee rose his amendment was pend-
ing. It is now loo late to go back to a pre-
ceding section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stands cor-
rected. The amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana was introduced before the com-
mittee rose.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will be allowed to go on and
occupy his five minutes, that some other mem-
bers may have an opportunity of speaking.
Mr. CONGER. Let the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] possess his soul
in patience. I rise to a question of order.
When the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wil-
son] offered his amendment I asked publicly
if amendments to it would be permitted. The
gentleman told me they would.
Mr. BANKS. That is not a point of order.
It is a contract between the two gentlemen.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I do not recol-
lect being asked any such question.
, Mr. CONGER. I submit to the gentleman
from Indiana if he did not in the hearing
of a good many gentlemen say that he would
admit my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Wilson] has the floor and will
proceed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I desire to call
the attention of the committee to some changes
which have been made in the bill as origimuly
reported in the amendment now offered. In
line ten of the bill, at the bottom of page 2,
the words "capias and attachment" have
been stricken out, and in lieu of those words
.the word "subpena" has been inserted, so
that it reads: "on filing the bill writs of sub-
pena may be issued against any parties de-
fendant," &c. Then in line thirteen to the
end of line sixteen of what was originally the
second section, commencing with the words
"on which property," that has all been stricken
out. That was for the purpose of obviating
objections that were made by some members
of the House on the ground that the proceed-
ing being intended to be all in one section for
the purpose of recovering whatever may be
due from parties who may have received
moneys, stocks, bonds, &c., from the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, they might not
have their property attached in this suit, so
that the proceeding may be relieved of that
objectionable feature. Then what was origin-
ally the sixth section has been entirely gtricken
out by the committee, and the first line at the
top of the fourth page has also been stricken
out, as it only applies to this sixth section.
I simply wish further to state in connection
with this, that while the committee who have
had this matter in charge were satisfied that
the evidence disclosed the fact that the man-
agement of this Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany had been of such a character that a court
of equity would set aside the franchise, or that
Congress would be perfectly justified in repeal-
ing the act under which that company is incor-
porated, yet the committee deem it advisable,
and have recommended the House, instead of
repealing the charter, instead of taking pos-
session of this road by the Govornrnent, to in-
stitute a proceeding for the purpose of recov-
ering from those who unwarrantably held
them the assets of this Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, and bringing them back into
the treasury of the company to the end that the
security of the United States maybe enhanced.
Whatever is left of my time I yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. How much time has the gen-
tleman left?
The CHAIRMAN. One minote and a half.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I yield the re-
maining minute and a half of my time to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] in
addition to his own five minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to the debate
being all on one side.
.Mr. HOAR. I will surrender the floor to
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
if he desires it. I desire by the request of the
chairmau of the select committee to make a
brief explanation of this bill, and I desire to
say to the gentleman from California if he will
be kind enough to listen to my remarks, that
if I am conscious, and possess any capacity, I
desire nothing but what is absolute justice
in this matter to all mankind. That is my
whole desire. Now, it is plain that there was
evidence before a committee of this House
tending to show that whereas afl act of Con-
gress required the capital stock of a great
railroad to be paid in in cash, gentlemen held
in their possession $36,000,000 of capital stock
which had not been paid for in any way.
There was also evidence before a committee
of this House that gentlemen had taken pos-
session of the proceeds of the bonds and of
the lands given to this company by the Gov-
ernment, and under the guise of a contract
had divided that capital stock among them-
selves. There was also evidence that these
managers made a contract with themselves
for the construction of the road.
Now, without assuming to determine these
questions, the committee were of, the opinion
that this fund given by the United States for
public purposes was a trust fund, to be held in
trust by this corporation for the payment of
debts hereafter to be due the United States
and for the performance of those public func-
tions, and we have simply provided a cheap
and simple way whereby these questions may
bis all settled in one suit by a court of equity,
where all questions of fact can be determined.
The committee are not seeking to oppress the
managers of this corporation. We can lay
our hands on that corporation and repeal it3
charter. We could strike down every man
who has ever been engaged in it;. We simply
propose to remove this question from this pop-
ular assembly; to remove this question from
the newspapers; to remove it from the heat
of popular excitement and to send it where
justice, law and equity reigns supreme.
We may err ia our views of the law and of
the facts. Of course we may have made mis-
take#, anxiously as we have examined this
question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
. Mr. SARGENT. It is very difficult to speak
here to-night so as to be heard, on account of
the hum in the Hall. I am very sorry that I
cannot properly take more than five minutes
of the very short time allotted for the discus-
sion of this important provision. I wish to say
say that I have a great respect for the com-
mittee, both as a whole and as individuals,
who reported this proposition, and therefore
I will pot say anything that may seem,to re-
flect in any way upon them.
Gentlemen say they wish to remedy a great
evil. I believe there is an evil to be remedied,
and X am surprised that after the study which
these gentlemen have given to the subject they
have not brought forward something more ap-
propriate than this measure. This bill, when
it shall become a law, will be the rule of ac-
tion for the courts, and every word in the bill
should be weighed carefully; more carefully, 1
think, than It has been weighed by this com-
mittee.
In the first place, it is provided in section
