1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
California to the amendment of the com-
mittee, to insert after the word '' that'' in the
first line the words " within the States here-
inafter named."
_ Mr. STEWART. If it be the idea that this
bill shall not apply to the other States it will
not apply to them in regard to coal or any-
thing else. If that is not to be done, the first
part of the committee's amendment is entirely
unnecessary, and the object of the Senator
from California will be accomplished by strik-
ing out that portion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know how that
would be. I looked at the bill at the desk,
and I am satisfied with it if amended as I
propose.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
bill read at length as it now stands. I was
not in the Chamber when it was called up.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would ask the
Senator from Michigan whether he means to
subject the lands in those States to any other
exploration and purchase outside of the sur-
veys ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. It leaves
them precisely as if the law of 1872 had not
been passed.
The bill was passed.
TUB CURRENCY SPECIE PAYMENTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1313) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3,1804, and to secure
an elastic currency, to appreciate national
obligations, and to reach specie payments with-
out commercial embarrassment.
Mr. COLE. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
DTSTltlCT PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1357) for the relief of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the District of Columbia.
Mr. I1ELLY. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OB'FICER. The bill
will be passed over.
COLUMBIA RAILWAY.
Mr. SPENCER. The other day when the
Calendar was being called a bill which I re-
ported was passed over, as I happened not to
be in the Chamber at the moment. It is Sen-
ate bill No. 1157, to amend the charter of the
Columbia Railway of the District of Columbia.
I move that it be taken up now.
Mr. COLE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and we cannot go back without unani-
mous consent.
WILLIAM WEBSTER
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 940) for the relief of William Webster,
of Maine; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to William Webstef, of
Maine, $8,416 07, the same being due him for
building and keeping in repair a wharf within
the military district of Virginia, under a con-
tract with the quartermaster's department, at
Fortress Monroe, during the late rebellion.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out " $8,416 6r'
and insert " $4,208 33."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS C. MAGEUDER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas C.
Magruder certain moneys stolen from him
in 1859.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we shall discuss
that bill by and by.
Mr. HOWE. Is not that reported ad-
versely ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not so
marked on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It sounds as if it ought
to be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that the bill was reported adversely
in the first instance, but was recommitted and
subsequently reported favorably. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
JAMES P. CASEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. R. No. 2903) for the relief of James P.
Casey, collector of the port of New Orleans;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to credit James F. Casey, collector
of customs for the port of New Orleans, the
following items in the settlement of his ac-
counts: $394 16, being the sum paid John
Hancock as assistant auditor in the New
Orleans custom-house for services from Feb-
ruary 25 to April 22, 1809, and $605 24, being
the sum paid Robert L. Ream, jr., for services
as clerk in the custom-house from February
1 to June 7, 1869; but the Secretary is to find
that such services were performed, and pay-
ments were made to them in good faith by the
collector.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read in that case.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the Senator from Ver-
•mont will allow me to make a statement, I
think I can make it in fewer words than the
report. This money was paid by Mr. Casey
to those persons,who were clerks in the cus-
tom-house there. They were in the office at
the time he took charge of it. It was ascer-
tained afterward that they never had been
sworn, but of that fact he was entirely igno-
rant. When his accounts came to the Depart-
ment they were suspended for the reason that
those persons had never been sworn, he having
paid them in the mean time; and now this
bill is for the purpose of reimbursing him the
money he thus paid, he having no knowledge
of the fact that they had not been sworn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa, then these persons had been
appointed conformably to law so far as the
appointment; that is, that number of persons
were provided for by law and regulation there,
and they had been nominated and confirmed by
the Secretary of the Treasuiy, and the mere
defect Was the fact thai they had not not taken
the necessary oath. If that is so, that is well
enough.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WYLLY WOODBRIDGE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2030) for the relief of Wylly
Woodbridge, reported adversely from the
Committee on Claims,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that bill be post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask that it be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
JAMES O P. BURNSIDE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 300) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to refund certain moneys to
James O. P. Burn side; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
James 0. P. Burnside $6,783 79, being one
fourth of the proceeds of two lots of cotton
sold in New York, in 1865, byH. A. Risjey.*
supervising special agent of the United States
Treasury; the cotton having been purchased
by Burnside, in North Carolina, for delivery
under a contract made in December, 1864,
between Burnside and Risley, supervising
special agent of the United States Treasury,
in pursuance of an act of Congress, approved
July 2, 1864, entitled "An act in addition to
the several acts concerning commercial inter-
course between loyal and insurrectionary
States, and to provide for the collection of
captured and abandoned property, and the
prevention of frauds in States declared in in-
surrection," and one fourth of the proceeds
of the sales of the cotton having been withheld
by Risley, and by him paid into the Treasury.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, in line six to strike out
" $6,783 79 " and to insert " $5,284."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
BOSTON FIRE
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2993) for the relief of sufferers by
fire at Boston.
Mr. -COLE. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
PORTAGK LAKE AND LAKE SUPERIOR CANAL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1267) extending the time for the com-
pletion of the Portage Lake and Lake Superior
ship-canal; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to extend
the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal to Decem-
ber 1, 1873.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, who reported this bill, have assur-
ances that by the time named this canal will
be completed. It is already completed so that
vessels can pass through, but owing to the
early winter they were debarred from plank-
ing it. Gentlemen fiom that section state
that within the time named in the bill the canal
will be completed, and thus save a hundred
and fifty miles of very dangerous navigation.
Large amounts of money have already been
expended upon it, and this bill ouly provides
for an extension of time for a few months.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time., and
passed.
CALIFORNIA NARROW-GAUGE RAILROAD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. i263) granting to the California Cen-
tral Narrow-Gauge Railroad Company certain
rights upon the lands of the United States at
Benicia in California.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
object. It is very important that the bill should
pass. It is a matter that is entirely under the
control of the Secretary of War, and I hope
the Senator will withdraw his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend, for one,
to allow the Secretary of War to give land
to any more railroads in California.
Mr. COLE. This is simply to allow them
to go across that reservation in order to get
to deep water, which it will cost them very
much to reach without this provision, and it
will be of no harm to anybody.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I may
as well call for the regular order at this point.
