1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February^,
Departments who now receive $900 per annum shall
lie $1,200 per annum from and after the 1st day of
July. A. D. 1873.
While we arfe increasing the salaries of the
higher officers, I desire that we shall remem-
ber a class of very deserving clerks, tvho are
now receiving hut $900 a year, though they
perform duties formerly performed hy clerks
■who received $1,200 and $1,800 a year. A
large portion of them have families to sup-
port, and can scarcely manage to keep soul
and body together. I hope the amendment
will be adopted; and ask for a vote.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
move to insert "500," so it will read
"$4,500." Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of
this amendment, as it proposes to do justice
to a very deserving class of officers who have
been so long left out in the cold, and who have
now an opportunity I trust of receiving a just
compensation for their meritorious services.
While we are endeavoring to increase the
salaries of members of Congress, these gentle-
men, whose positions are responsible and whose
labors are arduous, ought not to be forgotten.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say a word
in regard to the proposed increase of the sal-
aries of members of Congress, as I have not
had an opportunity to say anything on the
subject heretofore. The arguments presented
in favor of it are two. The first one is that
the price of living has greatly increased since
the increase of salary in 1866, and the other is
the additional expense necessarily devolving
on members of Congress on account of the
abolition of the franking privilege. I wish to
say that the facts in the case do not justify the
first argument made by gentlemen. If they
will take the trouble to examine the records
of the country and its gold, provision, and dry
goods markets they will find that in 1866 the
price of gold was 135, and to-day it is 115.
"We do not eat gold to be sure, as remafked
by the gentleman near me, [Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts] but we do eat that which gold
has to purchase. If you look at the table of
prices you will find in 1866, when we raised
the salaries of members of Congress from
$3,000 to $5,000, everything was higher than
to-day. By a comparison of prices between
the two dates we find the cost of some staple
articles, as follows:
1866. 1873.
Coffee, per pound  $0 30@$0 70 #0 18@$0 20
Pork, per barrel  28 00 14 00@1G 00
Com, per bushel  80® 82 04© 65
N. 0. sugar, per lb  09(«) 13 09® 14
Wheat, per bushel  2 20® 2 50 1 75@ 1 90
Cotton, per pound  44@ 17® 23
Molasses, per gallon  60® 70 55@ 70
And many other articles of household econ-
omy which I have not time to mention will be
found to be in proportion.
The expense of living here is about the same
as in 1866, and the proprietor of Willard's
Hotel tells me that he charges no more now
for the best entertainment than he did then,
and that the same fact holds good with others
in his profession. Rents have greatly risen, it
is true, but the fall in prices of other articles
prevents a rise in the average of expenditures.
In the face of these facts the first argument
falls to the ground.
Now, as to the abolition of the franking
privilege, it will entail, of course, additional
expenses on members. The superintendent
of the folding-room hao made his calculation,
and informs me that the postage on mailable
matter that members send will average seven
to eight hundred dollars per annum. An in-
crease of $1,000 per annum in salaries would
be fair and reasonable, and no one would ob-
ject thereto, because the net results to mem-
bers, with the mileage reduced by the amend-
ment to actual expenses, would not be larger
than at present. When, however, we remem-
ber that the Treasury receipts are falling off
rapidly; that the public debt increased two
millions in the last two months, and that the.
proposed increase of salaries will involve an
additional expense for the two Houses of
$842,500 per annum, and that the cost of liv-
ing has not actually been enhanced since 1866,
I do not think that we will be justified before
the country in making the proposed increase
of salaries.
I will vote against the proposition, and now
withdraw my amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment, and ask for a vote.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now re-
curs on the ninety-fourth amendment and the
amendments attached thereto.
The amendment, was concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move to
return to the first amendment, in reference to
the increase of salaries, which was passed
over by unanimous consent.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment:
That the inspectors of customs at the ports of New
York, Philadelphia. Boston, Baltimore, New Or-
leans, San Francisco, and Portland shall, in lieu of
their present compensation, hereafter be paid the
sum of five dollars per diem; and the night inspect-
ors of oustoms at said ports shall, in lieu of their
present compensation, hereafter be paid the sum
of four dollars per diem; and the salaries of the
several appraisers, assistant appraisers, and exam-
iners of oustoms whose salaries do not now, as fixed
by law, exceed $2,500, shall hereafter be increased
twenty per cent, of their present annual compensa-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order that
that is not in order as an independent propo-
sition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
The committee now returns to the amendment
on page 2 in reference to the increase of
salaries; which was passed over.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to offer an amendment
to the ninety-fourth amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That has been passed
upon already.
Mr. BEATTY. I did not hear any vote
taken on that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Various amend-
ments have been referred to the committee in
regard to the employes of the House, and the
committee have instructed me to report as the
result of an investigation of those amendments,
a substitute, which I send to the Chair.
Mr. LYNCH. I object to going back.
The CHAIRMAN. No additional section
is in order under any circumstances.
Mr. STEVENSON. Suppose it to be a
limitation upon the appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN. Whatever amendment
is proposed must be to an amendment of the
Senate. We are not now considering the text
of the bill, but merely the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that my
amendment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the salaries of the employes in the depart-
ment of Doorkeeper and post office of the House and
elsewhere about the House be increased in the same
ratio and for tho same period as those in the Clerk's
desk, whoso salaries are raised by this act.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now, Mr.
Chairman, if the committee will listen to me
I will state that the amendment as adopted in
the Committee of the Whole, we found, on
examination, raised salaries under the Clerk,
but not corresponding officers under the Door-
keeper, in the post office, in the folding-room,
and in the other departments here in the House.
It was in order to throw that whole question
into the conference, so as to be adjusted there,
and give the conference jurisdiction of it, that
the Committee on Appropriations has framed
this amendment, which will submit the whole
question to the conference committee.
Mr. BURCHARD. When this amendment
of the Senate was last before Committee of
the Whole there was pending an amendment
offered by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Parker,] which was not adopted. Is that
now included by the gentleman from Ohio ?
That amendment proposed to raise the saleries
of the messengers, &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If my atnend:
ment is adopted, the whole question will go to
the committee of conference.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on
concurring in the first amendment of the Sen-
ate as amended by the various amendments
which have been adopted by the Committee of
the Whole.
Several Members. Read the amendment
as it now stands.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment as it
will now read will be reported by the Clerk.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment.
Mr. PLATT, I rise to a point of order.
The desire of the committee was to hear the
amendment we are now called to act upon.
What the Clerk is reading has already been
acted upon.
Mr. STEVENSON. This is the very one
we want to hear.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Several gentle-
men asked to have the first amendment read
as it now stands. If they do not want to hear
it read, 1 move that the committee rise and
report the amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
passed from the first amendment it had not
been concurred in with the amendments which
had been adopted by the committee. The
committee had adopted certain amendments
to the amendment of the Senate, but had not
concurred in the amendment with the amend-
ments. The committee by unanimous con-
sent passed from this first amendment in that
condition. They now come back to this
amendment, and since they have comeback to
it they have added a further amendment to it.
The final question to be taken is, will the
committee concur in the Senate amendment
with such amendments as have been adopted
by the Committee of the Whole. The Chair
directs it to be reported as it will stand if the
Committee concur in the amendment of the
Senate thus amended.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I wish now to have the
Chairman understand exactly what was done
when the committee went back to this portion
of the bill. When the Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations asked the committee
to go back to the amendment relating to sal-
aries, I rose in my place and asked him if that
interfered in any way with the amendment as
to the salaries of the President and members
of Congress already adopted. He assured me
that it did not. Upon that assurance, made
in the presence of half a dozen of my fellow
members, I consented to go back, and upon no
other assurance.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
gentleman in that assurance. The ruling
which the Chair has just made does not at all
interfere with it. When we left the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, it
stood as an amendment to the Senate amend-
ment, but there was yet one vote to be taken.
That vote is now to be taken.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts moved the
amendment in regard to the salaries of the
President and members of Congress as a sub-
stitute to the amendment which was made by
the Senate: and that having been adopted, I
make the point that the final vote has been
taken in committee on that subject.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My mo-
tion was to concur with the Senate amendment
with an amendment; that is, to strike out the
committee's amendment and concur with the
amendment that was passed. Then I offered
a further amendment, and that was pending
when the committee rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
