1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] must know that
if the question had been put precisely as he
now states it he could not after that have
offered anything in addition, because it would
have passed beyond the reach of the commit-
tee. The parliamentary way of stating the ques-
tion now is, whether the Senate amendment
with the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and the other amend-
ments which have been agreed to, shall be
concurred in. That is the parliamentary state-
ment of the question. If the committee adopt
an amendment it is like any other amend-
ment to a bill, the question recurs on the
passage of the bill as thus amended. If
the gentleman offers a substitute for a bill
as an amendment and the substitute is
adopted as an amendment, there is still the
question whether the House will pass the bill
as amended. The analogy in this case is that
the question before the committoe is whether
the committee will concur in the amendment
of the Senate as i t has been shaped by the com-
mittee. After the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts offered his amendment, which was
adopted, several other amendments to it were
adopted and the question recurs, " Will the
House concur in the amendment of the Senate
as amended?"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
a question of fact between the Cbairandmyself.
My motion was to strike outthe amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations and concur in
the amendment of the Senate with an amend
ment, making it one motion. That motion
was carried. After that motion was adopted
by the Committee of the Whole, I then moved
another amendment to the bill, not to my own
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman could
not have offered an amendment to the bill, be-
cause the bill is not before the Committee of
the Whole at all ; it is the amendments of the
Senate and the amendments of the Senate
alone that are before the committee, so that
the gentleman from Massachusetts could not
after his first amendment had been disposed
of have offered an amendment to the bill.
The decision of the Chair is that the Senate
amendment No. 1 has been amended by the
addition of several amendments, and there is
one motion to be passed upon still by the
committee, namely, will the committee concur
in the amendment of the Senate as amended
by the committee?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Chair to hear a statement from the gentleman
who occupied the Chair at the time I made
my motion.
Mr. TYNER. The present occupant of the
chair was in the chair at the time the gentle-
man from Massachusetts offered his amend-
ment increasing the salaries of the President
and members of Congress. The present occu-'
pant of the chair decided the point of order
raised on that amendment. At that time I
was called to the chair, and while occupying
the chair several amendments were offered to
this amendment; one I remember distinctly,
offered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter,] to fix the salaries of the mem-
bers of Congress at SO.500 instead of $7,500.
I remember distinctly to have put the question
to the committee, " Will the committee concur
in the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to the am end ment of the Senate
with an amendment?'1 &".id in that form it was
passed upon.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, of course
accepts that statement of fact, but the Chair
cannot understand why after that unanimous
consent was oblained to pass over this amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was discov-
ered that, two classes of the officers of the
House, the doorkeepers and the officers in the
post office, were not included in the amend-
ment, and it was for the purpose of perfecting
the amendment so as to cover their cases that
unanimous consent was asked that we might
return to this amendment. The Committee
on Appropriations have added those officers,
and it is for the Chair to say whether at this
stage the committee must vote upon the amend-
ment as perfected or not.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; the Chair
accepts the statement of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Tyner.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move that
the committee rise and report the bill to the
House with amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes, and had directed him to report the
same to the House with sundry amendments,
and with the recommendation that it do pass
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call the pre-
vious question on the amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and if it be sustained I ask that
gentlemen who wish separate votes on amend-
ments may indicate the same.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the bill
with the amendments adopted in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be
Mr. COX. We want the yeas and nays on
some of these amendments.
Mr. UPSON. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Garfield] to withdraw the previous question
to enable me to offer an amendment.
Mr. PLATT. I object.
Mr. UPSON. I simply wish to have it read
for information.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
A Member. We do not want information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk of the House, who as is known is
clerk of the Committee of the Whole, that
there are a number of amendments on his
desk which were offered or agreed to be offered
in Committee of the Whole but which were
not acted upon. Possibly the committee may
have risen with the idea that all the amend-
ments offered had been acted upon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I supposed all
amendments had been acted upon. What are
they ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notknow.
Mr. BANKS. I raise the point of order
that the House cannot now consider them.
The SPEAKER. Of course not. The
Chair advised the House of the fact that the
Clerk had so reported, not knowing but the
committee may have risen under a misappre-
hension.
Mr. HALE. Enough amendments have been
acted upon.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that one of the amendments not acted
on was one offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers.]
Mr. HALE. It was not intended that that
amendment should be acted on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] now moves the previous
question upon the amendments of the Senate
as reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Pending that mo! ion the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] moves that the rules
be so suspended as to concur in all the amend-
ments of the Senate as amended in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENSON. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, let us have the yeas
and nays.
Mr. IIAWLEY, of Connecticut. I wish to
be distinctly informed by the Chair if the
effect of the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is to cut off the
opportunity to have separate votes on these
several amendments ?
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman had been a member longer he
would have known that. [Great laughter.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I have
not got through my inquiries. I have one
further inquiry to make.
Mr. BANKS. I object to any inquiries in
the way of arguments.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to suspend the rules and concur in the
amendments of the Senate as reported from
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. It is whether members of this House
are not forbidden to vote upon these amend-
ments in this way, inasmuch as one of them
proposes to increase the salary of each mem-
ber by the sum of $5,000 ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to make a parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would for sev-
eral reasons overrule the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevexso>\]
He will not state any except the fact that the
whole line of precedents are against the point
of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Can th,e
Senate ever vote to raise their salaries with-
out some of them voting to raise their own ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair never rales on
points of order for the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. There never has been a
proposition to raise the salarise of members of
Congress without some members voting who
were themselves interested in it.
Mr. H0LMAN. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to suspend the rules, upon which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevexson] has
called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us take a rising
vote first.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well; I will
waive my call for the yeas and nays for the
present.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and upon a division there were—ayes
69, noes 62.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question; and being taken, the pre-
vious question was seconded and the main
question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will now in-
dicate the amendments upon which they desire
to have separate votes taken.
Mr. UPSON. I ask a separate vote on the
first amendment acted upon in Committee of
the Whole, in relation to salaries.
Mr. HOLMAN. And I ask a separate vote
on the last amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let gentlemen
indicate as the amendments are read which
they desire separate votes on.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
first amendment of the Senate.
The Clerk read the ameudment; which was
in line nineteen of the printed bill and amend-
ments to strike out the word "and" and to
insert the words " thirty-six hundred dollars."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now re-
port the amendment to this ameudment which
which was adopted by the Committee of the
Whole.
The Clerk read the amendment ; which was
to add to the Senate amendment the following:
That on the 4th day of March, A, I). 1878. the Presi-
dent of the United States shall receive lor his ser-
vices during the term fur which he shall have been
elected the sum of s50,000 per annum in iuil for bis
services, to be paid quarterly at tue Treasury; tiie
Vice President of the United States shall also ro-
