THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FORTY-SECOND CONGRESS.
THIRD SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 2, 1872.
The first Monday of December being the
day prescribed by the Constitution of the
L'nited States for the annual meeting of Con-
gress. the third session of the Forty-Second
Congress commenced this day. The Senators
assembled in the Senate Chamber at the Cap-
itol in the city of Washington.
senators present.
The following Senators were present: from
the State of
Maine—Hon. Hannibal Hamlin and Hon.
Lot M. Morrill.
New Hampshire—Hon. Aaron H. Cragin
and Hon. James W. Patterson.
Vermont—Hon. George F. Edmunds and
Hon. Justin S. Morrill.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthonyi
Connecticut—Hon. William A. Buckingham
and Hon. Orris S. Ferry.
New York—Hon. Roscoe Conklingand Hon.
Reuben E. Fenton.
iNew Jersey—Hon. Frederick T. Freling-
huysen.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon Cameron and
Hon. John Scott.
Virginia—Hon. John F. Lewis.
South Carolina—Hon. Thomas J. Robert-
son.
Florida—Hon. Abijah Gilbert and Hon.
Thomas W. Osborn.
Mississippi—Hon. James L. Alcorn and
Hon. Adelbert Ames.
Louisiana—Hon. J. Rodman West.
Texas—Hon. J. W. Flanagan and Hon.
Morgan C. Hamilton.
Arkansas—Hon. Powell Clayton and Hon.
Benjamin F. Rice.
Missouri—Hon. Carl Schurz.
Tennessee—Hon. William G. Brownlow.
Kentucky—Hon. John W. Stevenson.
Went Virginia—Hon. Henry G. Davis.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Allen
G. Thurman.
Indiana—Hon. Oliver P. Morton and Hon.
Daniel D. Pratt.
Illinois—Hon. John A. Logan.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler and
Hon. Thomas W. Ferry.
Wisconsin—Hon. Matthew H. Carpenter
and Hon. Timothy 0. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James Harlan and Hon. George
G. Wiight.
Minnesota—Hon. Alexander Ramsey and
Hon. Williiam Windom.
Kansas—Hon. Alexander Caldwell and Hon.
Samnel C. Pomeroy.
42d Cong. 3dSess.—No. 1.
Nebraska—Hon. PhineasW. Hitchcock and
Hon. Thomas W. Tipton.
Nevada—Hon. William M. Stewart.
California—Hon. Eugene Casserly and
Hon. Cornelius Cole.
Oregon—Hon. James K. Kelly.
The VICE PRESIDENT (Hon. Schuyler
Colfax, of Indiana) called the Senate to
order at twelve o'clock m., there being a
quorum of Senators present.
prayer.
Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain to
the Senate for the Forty-Second Congress,
offered the following prayer :
Almighty and ever-adorable God, the high
and holy One who inhabiteth eternity, the
King immortal, the Judge impartial, around
this national altar we gather to-day to offer to
Thee the gratitude of our hearts for the mer-
cies of the past, the blessings of the present,
the hopes of the future. Thou hast not dealt
so with any other people. Thou Bast crowned
another year with Thy goodness and Thy paths !
drop fatness. Through Thy merciful provi-
dence Thou hast saved our land from war and
famine, from drought and pestilence. It has
pleased Thee to smile upon the earth ; our |
pastures are covered with flocks; our valleys
are covered with corn, they shout for joy—
they also sing. Thou hast blessed the indus-
trial interests of our country, and with hum-
ble reverence we make public recognition of
all Thy kindness to the land we love. Yet,
notwithstanding all the honor Thou hast con-
ferred upon our nation, all the blessings which
distinguish us as individuals, we have come
I far short of Thy glory. Our sins are many ;
II our errors are not a few ; the things we should
J, have done we have left undone, and have done
'! those things we ought not to have done; and
: therefore we implore the pardon of our past
transgressions and the grace of purer thoughts,
of nobler words, of holier acts for the coming
future. j
Grant, we beseech Thee, Thy blessing upon
us as we gather'to-day to resume our great and
responsible duties. May the blessing of the
Highest rest upon our Chief Ruler. May
wisdom divine, the gentleness of Christ, firm-
ness of purpose, and impartiality characterize
the administration of the future as of the past,
that he may enjoy the approval of mankind and
the approbation of God. Grant length of
days, continued health, a useful life, an
honored future, inspiration from above, unto
him who presides over the deliberations of
this honored body. And we reverently invoke
upon all these Senators the blessing that
maketh rich and addeth no sorrow. Chosen
to think, to speak, to act for a great and free
people, oh grant unto them broad views of
statesmanship, and the power to anticipate the
future, that in all things they may be success-
ful. May no evil thought here disturb the
soul; no unkind word fire the heart; may a
divine charily spread the pall of oblivion over
the regretful past. Here may wisdom preside
and peace reign.
Amid all our blessings Thou art reminding
us of our frailty. The voices of those that
were once heard in these Halls are to-day
silent in the grave, and from the scenes of a
busy life Thou hast called those hence whose
pen was a benefaction to mankind and which
gave direction to public thought. Oh, may
we lay these things to heart while the lamp of
life holds out to burn.
And, divine Father, may Thy benediction
rest upon both Houses in Congress assembled ;
upon our Army and our Navy, upon ourcourts
of justice, our schools of learning, our houses
of mercy, our temples of piety, upon all the
citizens of this great Republic, upon all the
nations of the earth, that peace and happiness
everywhere may prevail; that war may cease
from the face of the earth, that the brother-
hood of man may be a recognized fact, and all
mankind revere Thy hallowed name. Through
Jesus Christ, our Lord and Redeemer. Amen.
notification to the president.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two
members.be appointed to join such committee as
may be appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait upon the President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum ot each House is assem-
bled, and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to make.
Awaiting intelligence that the House has
convened and has a quorum, I will allow the
resolution to lie on the table, at that time ask-
ing that it be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie on the table for the present.
notification to the house.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that a quorum of the Senate is
assembled, and that the Senate is ready to proceed
to business.
hour of meeting.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the hour of the daily meeting of the
Senate be twelve o'clock m. until otherwise ordered.
credentials.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the credentials
of Hon. Willis B. Machen, appointed by the
Governor of the State of Kentucky a Senator
from that State to fill until the next session of
the Legislature the vacancy occasioned by the
death of Hon. Garrett Davis.
The credentials were read; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered to
Mr. Machen, he took his seat in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
credentials of Hon. Justin S. Morrill, chosen
by the Legislature of the State of Vermont a
Senator from that State for the term beginning
March 4, 1873 ; which were read and ordered
to be filed.
