1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ceive for his services during the term for which he
shall have been elected the sum of $10,000 per an-
num in full for his services, to be paid quarterly at
the Treasury: and the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States shall receive the sum of
$10,500 per annum, and the justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States shall receive the sum of
$10,000 per annum each, to be paid quarterly at the
Treasury; the Secretary of State, the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of
> Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, the Attor-
the ]
ney General, and the Postmaster General shall re-
ceive $10,000 per annum each for their services; and
each Assistant Secretary of theTreasury, State, and
Interior Departments shall receive as annual com-
pensation, to be paid quarterly, $6,500,' and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall re-
ceive compensation at the rate of $10,000 per an-
num, and Senators and Representatives m Congress
and Delegates from the Territories admitted to a
seat in Congress, including Senators, Representa-
tives, and Delegates in the Forty-Second Congress
shall receive compensation at the rate of $7,500 per
annum each, and in lieu of mileage there shall be
allowed to each Senator, Representative, and Dele-
gate, including those of the Forty-Second Congress,
his actual expenses from his place of residence to
Washington cty, at the commencement of each ses-
sion of Congress, and return, to be certified in a
bill of items, to be filed as a voucher; and the sum
of $1,200,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, is hereby appropriated therefor.
The SPEAKER. On this question the yeas
and nays have been demauded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 69, nays 121, not voting
60 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Bingham, James
0. Blair, Boarinan, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Conner, Critcher, Darrali,
Dickey, Dodds, DuBose, Duke, Eldredge, Elliott,
Garrett, Getz, Biddings, Golladay, Hancock, Hanks,
Harper, George JB. Harris, Hays, Herndon Houghton,
King, Lamison, Lansing, Maynard, MeJunkin,
Morey, Morphia, Leonard Myers, Negley, Silas L.
Niblack, Peck, Perce. Piatt, Price, Prindle, Rainey,
Randall, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Sloss, Snapp, Snyder,
Storm, Stoaghton, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher,
Thomas, Turner. Tuthill.Waddoll, Wallace, White-
ley. Williams of Indiana, and Young—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Barber. Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bird, Austin Blair,
Boles, Braxton, Buffinton, Bunnoll, Burchard, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Coburn, Conger, Cotton,
Cox, Crebs, Cro&slaud, Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Dox,
Duell, Dunnoll, Karnes. Famsworth. Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garlield, Goodrioh, Griffith, Hale, Ualsey,
Handley, John T. Harris, Havens. John B. ilawloy,
Joseph R. llawley. Hay, Gerry W. Ilazolton, John
W. Ilazolton, Hereford, liibbard, Hill, Hoar, Hol-
man, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Killinsror, Kinsella,
Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Maclnlyre, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland. McCormutk, McOrary. McGrovv, McIIenry,
McKinney, Morriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroo, William E. JNihlack, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Hosph W. Parker, ltsuuu C. Parker, I'cudio-
ton, Perry, Poland, Potter, Road, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. ltice, Ritchie, Ellis 11. Roberta, Rusk,
Sargont, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shellatmjrer,
Shobor, Shoemaker, Sloeuiu, 11. JJoardiaan Smith,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Speer,
Sprague, Starkwoathei, Stevenson, Swann, Dwight
Townsond, Washington Townsend, Twichell, Tyuor,
Upson, Vaughan, Wakoman, Waldcn. Waldron,
Wells, Wheeler, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Bnrnura,
Barry, Erasmus W. Beck. James B. Beck, Biggs,
Bright, Brook?, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cornmgo,
Creely, Crocker, Ely, Eafcy. BVrwell, Forker, flal-
dewan. Hambleton, Hurmcr, Hooper, Kendall,
Ketcham, Leach, Lewis, Mausoo, Mclvee, MeNeely,
Mitchell, Monro, Morgan, Peters, Porter, William
R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Seeiey, Slater, Stevons,
Stoweil, Taiie, Terry, Van Trump, Voorhe«s, War-
rcu, Wiiitthorne, Williams oi JN'ew York, Winches-
ter, and Wood—50.
So the amendment of ths Committee of the
Whole to the amendment of the Senate was
not concurred in.
During the lull-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. BRIGHT. On this question I am paired
with the geuiieman from New York, [Mr.
Clarke. ] If he were here he would vote
il aye," while I should vote " no."
Mr. WHITTHOttNE. I am paired on this
question with the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Voorheks,] who, if present, would vote
in the affirmative, while I should vote in the
negative.
Mr. ARCHER. I am paired on this question
with the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Leach.] If he were present he would vote
"aye," and I should vote "no." I wish to
state also that my colleague, Mr. Hambletox,
is unable to lie present, on account of sick-
ness.
• Mr. SLATER. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McNeely.] If he were present he would vote
in the affirmative, and I should vote in the
negative.
• The result of the roll was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote just taken ; and pend-
ing that motion, I move that the House adjourn.
The hour is late, and the House is very thin.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. I raise a point of order.
If I remember correctly, the Chair has ruled
that when a member votes with the prevailing
side merely for the purpose of moving to re-
consider, he will not be recognized for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. Oh, no ; the gentleman
must not hold the Chair responsible for such a
ruling as that.
Mr. L. MYERS. It is an entirely new doc-
trine in parliamentary law.
Mr. SARGENT. A year or two ago I
changed my vote for the purpose of moving a
reconsideration upon the Yosemite bill, and
immediately moved to reconsider. The pres-
ent occupant of the Chair then stated, as the
Globe will show, that as the obvious purpose
of changing my vote had been to move a
reconsideration, the motion was not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. SARGENT. I think not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state
what was decided upon that occasion. The
decision of the Chair was that where the right
to hold the floor for discussion is involved, a
gentleman who changes his vote for the mere
purpose of being recognized as holding the
floor is not entitled to be recognized. But
that is a very different question from the
present. When a motion for reconsideration
is made merely for the purpose of obtaining
the floor, it does not morally put the gentle-
man making it upon the prevailing side, and
doos not put him in a position to be recog-
nized as entitled to the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. That is a very fine dis-
tinction.
1'he SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
as wide as the Hall. It is a wide distinction.
The Chair will state it now. If this question
were open to debate, as it is not, the Chair
would not recognize the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts as entitled to the floor to lead the
debate, because he has been defeated; but of
course lie recogniaes him to make the motion,
lie now moves the vote just declared be recon-
sidered ; and pending that moves to adjourn.
Mr. COX. I wish to move to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order if
the House refuses to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
ninety-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 60, not vot-
ing 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Bigby, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair,
Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Bullin-
ton, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan,
Conner, Critchcr, Crossland, Darrali, Davis, Dickey,
DuBose, Duell, Bamos, Eldredge, Elliott, Henry D.
Foster, Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith, Halde-
man, Hancock, Handley. Harper, George E. Harris, ,
Hays, John W. Haaelton, Hereford, Herndon, f
Houghton, Kellogg,King, Lamison, Lansing, Loach, i
Maclntyre, Marshall, Maynard, McGrew, McJun- I
km, MeKmney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moray, Leonard Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblack, j
Orr Packard, Packer, Hosca VV. Parker, Isaac C.
Barker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt, Price, Prin-
dle, Barney,_ Randall, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion li,
Rogers, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood,
Shobor, Slater, Siocum, H. Boardmun Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Storm, Stoweil, St. John,
Sy&her, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Waddcll,
Wakeman, Whiteley. Will nuns of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and Young—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Barber, Beatty,
Austin Blair, Burchard, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Dawes, Donnan, Dunneli, Esty, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Fryo, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Hale, Hanks, Havens, John B. Haw-
tey, Joseph R. Haw ley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton-,
Hibbard. Hill, Hoar, Holman, Kelley, Lowe, Lynch,
McClelland, McCrary, Merriam, Monroe, Morp'hfs,
William E. Niblaok, Palmer, Poland, Potter. Readt
Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shel-
labarger. Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Stevenson,
Upson, Walden, Waluron, Wells, Wheeler, Willard,
and John Wilson—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnum, Barry,
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell, Biggs,
Brooks, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Comingo, Creely,
Crocker, Dodds, Dox, Duke, Ely, Farwell, Forker,
Garrett, Halsey, Hambleton, Harmer, John T,
Harris, Hooper, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger,
Kinsella, Lamport, Lewis, Manson, McCormick,
MoHenry, MeKee, McNeely, Mitchell, Moore, Mor-
gan, Perry, Peters, Porter, Wililam S. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeiey, Sloss, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stoughton, Suther-
land, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Wallace, Warren, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—67.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at eleven o'clock and twenty-five min-
utes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. DONNAN : The petition of D. B.
Bedient and others, citizens of Iowa, asking
the further extension of the postal money-
order system.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of citizens
of Oswego, New York, for prohibition of the
traffic in intoxicating liquors in the Territories
and District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 8. L. Deyo and R. M.
McJaunete, against amendment to postal laws.
By Mr. SNAPP : The petition of citizens of
Lasalle, Kendall, and DeKalb codnties, Illi-
nois, asking that the signal service of the
United States may be extended in aid of
agriculture.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 28, 1878.
The Senate met at one o'clock p. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTSON, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
port op entry at san diego.
The bill (H. R. No. 1907) totnakeSan Diego,
in the State of California, a port of entry, was
read twice by its title.
. Mr. COLE. I should like to have that bill
acted on.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It detaches the counties of
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, San Bernardino,
and San Diego, in the State of California, from
the collection district of San Francisco ; and
constitutes all the territory, ports, harbors, riv-
ers and waters of those counties a collection
district by the name of the San Diego district,
of which the city of San Diego, on the bay of
San Diego, is established as the sole port of
entry. The President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, is to appoint a col-
lector, to reside at that port, whose compensa-
tion shall be $3,000 per annum. Power i3
conferred on the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint such inspectors, weighers, gauges,
measurers, and other officers as may be neces-
sary for the collection of the revenue at the
port; and the collector of the port may, with
the approbation of the Secretary, appoint in-
spectors, whose compensation is to be $1,000
each per annum, for each of the ports of San
Pedro and Santa Barbara, which shall con-
tinue to be ports of delivery.
The bili was reported to the Senate without,
