966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
upon that it was found what the value of the
cotton was and a judgment was rendered in
bis favor; would Congress, if the question, still
lay within their power, make an appropriation
to pay that judgment, and are we running
against the judicial authorities in undertaking
to do so? • Is not the Court of Claims exclu-
sively withia the jurisdiction of Congress, and
has not power been conferred upon it step by
step from the day of its creation? Why, the
very last section of the act which created the
Court of Claims provided "'that no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury for any claim
passed upon by the Court of Claims till after
an appropriation therefor shall be estimated
for by the Secretary of the Treasury," contem-
plating that this was a mere instrumentality
for the purpose of examining, with notice to
the Government, the claims that might be
made against us, and reserving to Congress
the power to appropriate afterward in pur-
suance of the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
That is all we ask to apply to that class of
cases now; and surely it is no hardship 011
those claimants who are now permitted to go
into the Court of Claims under the effect of
this decision, and who are now permitted to
recover their judgments as loyal men are, that
before they get their judgments out of the
Treasury they shall be subjected to the same
scrutiny that all claimants were subjected to
■when the Court of Claims was first organized.
That is the simple question which is presented,
and it is not necessary here to go into a dis-
cussion of the constitutionality of the Drake
amendment. The simple question is, ought
all men who participated in the rebellion with-
out regard to the character of their action,
who can, recover judgments in the Court of
Claims, be permitted to take their money at
once without further scrutiny by Congress as
to how they stood, whether their judgments
are meritorious or not? That is the simple
question which is presented. I think we
ought to retain that power under our control
■when we are informed by the Senator from
Vermont that there are cases which involve
such large amounts, and where the character
of the claimants might be a proper subject for
investigation.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Pennsylvania one question. Does
he understand that as the law now stands a
man wbo was disloyal can recover a judgment
in the Court of Claims?
Mr. SCOTT. I do. I understand the effect
of tlic decision of the Supreme Court is this:
that when a pardon is produced it not only
removes the bar of disloyalty, but puts the par-
doned citizen in as good a position as the loyal
man, with the advantage that the pardon is
prima J'acie evidence of his loyalty to start
with! That is my understanding- of that
decision.
Mr. THUIiMAN. There may have been
arguments as to the effect of a pardon. We
know that in England it is said to remove all
the taint, so that a man pardoned is considered
as if he had never offended. There may have
been some discussion of that in the decision
of the Supreme Court; but my recollection is,
and I have sent for the book containing the
decision in Klein's case in 13 Wallace, that
the court simply decided, as I stated before,
that we cannot as a legislature settle a merely
judicial question aDd prescribe to the courts
what the decision of it shall be. But suppose
the decision of the Supreme Court to have
been what is stated, I still put it to my friend
whether or not this amendment will help the
matter in the slightest degree, and, on the con-
trary, whether this amendment is not really in
the interest of the disloyal man?
Let us see how it will work. As I have said,
in England a pardon is proof that the man
never offended. In England it is such con-
clusive proof that the man never offended
that where a man was pardoned for treason
and he was afterward called a traitor by some
one, and he brought an action for defamation
of character, his pardon was held to be such
conclusive evidence that he never was guilty
that the action was maintained, and the defend-
ant was not allowed to prove that he had
been guilty of treason and was pardoned, but
the pardon was taken to be conclusive evi-
dence that he never had committed the offense
at all. That is the English law.
Now, if that is the effect of a pardon under
the Constitution of the United States, that
being a judicial question, and it is so decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States,
then when that pardon is produced in the
Court of Claims it will be conclusive evidence
that the man never did give any aid or com-
fort to the rebellion at all. What then can
the court, if this amendment be adopted, do?
Itmustinthe first,place "findtheamountdue."
Then it "shall also find and state whether
or not said claimant had proved that he ren-
dered no aid or comfort to the rebellion.''
What next is to be done ? The court certi-
fies that it is so proved, and how proved?
Proved by the production of the pardon. The
court does not say what was the evidence
where it was a pardon any more than it says
it was by the testimony of John Smith that the
fact was proved.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question at that point?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
to tell us that under the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont, especially the
words which I read now, "the said court shall
find the amount due"—that being obviously a
finding of fact—"and shall aiso find and state
whether or not said claimant had proved that
he rendered no aid or comfort to the rebel-
lion," and that, in spite of that language, the
Court of Claims, or any other court upon which
it operated, could say that although histor-
ically, although as a matter of fact, the claim-
ant had rendered aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion, they would find under that provision that
he had not because the Supreme Court had
said that a pardon obliterated the offense ?
Mr. THUIiMAN. I will tell the Senator
what I say. The Court of Claims is one of
the. inferior courts which it is provided by the
Constitution may be established by Congress;
otherwise there could be no appeal from it to
the Supreme Court of the United States. If
the Supreme Court has decided that in the
judicial courts of the United States a pardon
is to bo taken as conclusive proof that the
man never did offend; in other words, that
the old English rule is to be applied, then the
production of that pardon in the Court of
Claims establishes that fact, and establishes it
by conclusive evidence, and all that the court
could do would be to find, in the very language
of this act, that the party never had given aid
or comfort.
Mr. CONKLING. Although the Senator
means to answer my question, evidently he
does not understand the point; which is my
fault, of course, and not his. 1 asked him
whether he means to inform us, or to express
the opinion, that under the words which I read,
should they become operative upon'the court
as law, the court would satisfy this statute and
discharge its duty by not finding anything at
alias to thefact historically, but simply finding,
as a conclusion, that the party had not given
aid and comfort, when in truth he had, because
the Supremo Court had said that an after-issued
pardon had in law done away with the guilt.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought I had answered
it. I say that whatever is legal proof of that
fact that court has to receive; and no matter
what the proof is that establishes the fact, if
it is legal and competent, and sufficient for
the purpose of establishing it, it does establish
it; and Ihe court can only say that the fact is
established. Now, if the Senator wants the
court to find whether the party did aid in the
rebellion or not, non obstante his pardon, let
it be so expressed. If he puts in " shall also
find and state whether or not said claimant,
whether pardoned or not pardoned, had proved
that he rendered," &c., there is no obscurity
about it; but if he does not put that in, then
the pardon is evidence. But I do not under-
stand the Supreme Court to have made that
decision.
Mr. SCOTT. Now, if my friend from Ohio
will pardon me, it strikes me that he has
fallen into a very great inadvertence ; and that
is that the pardon is the evidence that the
act which is pardoned never was committed,
instead of its having the effect of removing
the penalties, and putting the party who re-
ceived it beyond the reach of the law for
those acts. He uses language which says
that the pardon is evidence that the act never
was committed.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend deny
that the highest tribunal-in Great Britain has
maintained an action for defamation for call-
ing a man a traitor who had been pardoned
for treason?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not undertake to deny
that at all. That does not touch the question
at all. We are here upon the question as to
whether the Court of Claims is to find affirma-
tively that the man did actually aid the rebel-
lion, not whether he has had a pardon which
removes the consequences of his act; and I
have no objection, so far as I am concerned,
to the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Ohio ; and I do not think the Senator
from Vermont will have, either.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator from Ohio claims that this
amendment will make the law more favorable
to disloyal men than it is now. If that be so,
I certainly do not understand the logic of the
Senator's position. If it were so, I do not see
why he opposes the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 should like to know
why the Senator makes that remark and what
he means by it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Because the
Senator is usually in favor of the broadest
liberality to that class of persons.
Now, Mr. President, his criticism of the
language here ma.y be just, but I do not un-
derstand it in the light represented. The first
line of the amendment is—
That ill rendering any judgment in favor of any
claimant under the act of March 12,1863, the said
court shall find the amount due.
How could they render any judgment with-
out finding the amount due? So that that
would not change the law as it exists in rela-
tion to the finding of the court as to the fact
of loyalty or disloyalty. And then the amend-
ment goes on to state—
And shall also find and state whether or not said
claimant had proved that he rendered no aid or
comfort to the rebellion.
The distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] represents that there can be no
remedy from the decision of the Supreme
Court on this subject; that if they have decided
that a pardon places a man upon an equal
position with a man who never required par-
don, it is impossible for us here to provide by
any amendment to escape that decision. Mr.
President, I do not believe that the common
people of the United States will understand
this question in that light. They know very
well that unless it is the purpose of Congress
to allow these claimants to come in and get
this large amount from the Treasury, it will
not be done. There certainly is a way of pro-
viding that these claims shall not be adjudi-
cated, or, if adjudicated, shall not be paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the Constitution of the United
States, which provides both for a Congress and
a Supreme Court, and as well for Congress as.
the Supreme Court, limits our powers as well
