THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
annual report3.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Senate, transmitting a report of the re-
ceipts and expenditures of his office from De-
cember, 5, 1871, to June 30, 1872; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter
from the Secretary of the Senate, transmit-
ting an account of Government property in his
possession; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter
from the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate,
transmitting an account of the property be-
longing to the Government of the United
States in his possession ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Congressional Printer, transmitting, in
obedience to law, his annual report; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the question
of printing the communications in regard to
the expenditures of the Senate and the prop-
erty in possession of its officers be referred to
the Committee on Printing. A great mass of
snch documents are sent to us, many of which
are not worthy of being printed. I therefore
move that the question of printing be referred
to the Commit'ee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communi-
cations, then, will He on the table for the pres-
ent, as there are now no committees. The
Chair "rill direct t e attention of the Senate to
the subject as soon as the committees shall
have been chosen.
bills introduced.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The presenta-
tion of petitions and memorials is first in
order. Are there any? If not, as there are
no committees to make reports, the next busi-
ness in order is the introduction of bills.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1104) to regulate the Army Register
and the regimental colors of the United States;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bill be read in full
for information. It is very brief.
The Secretary read as follows:
■Whereas the national nnitv and good will among
fellow-citizens can be assured only Lhrough oblivion
of past differences, and it is contrary to the usage
of civilized nations to perpetuate the memory of
civil war: Therefore,
He it enroled, <t~c.. That the names of battles with
fellow-citizens shall not be continued in the Army
Register or placed on the regimental colors of the
United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have that
bill printed, and when the committees are
appointed I shall ca'l it- up.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Itcan be printed
and laid on the table. It cannot now be
referred, as there are no committees. The
bill will be printed and laid on the table for
the present.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1195) for the relief of sufferers by fire at
Boston ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to he printed.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1196) to place on the pension-roll
the name of Margaretta S. Meade, widow of
Major General George G. Meade; which was
rend twice by its title.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask that the bill be
read at length for information.
The Chief Cleric read as follows:
Tie it enacted, <£•<•., That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, nnd is hereby,authorized to place the name
of Margnretta S. Mfade. widowof George G. Meade,
deceased, late major general of the United States
Army, on the pension-roll, and allow and pay her
ft pensive at the rntf of $2,000 per annum from and
ftftc: ",U> cassage ol this act.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to state that this
is an exact copy of the bill which was passed
for the relief of the widow of Admiral Far-
ragut, and I now ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are no
committees as yet. The bill will lie on the
table until committees are elected by the Sen-
ate, and it can then be referred.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by nnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1197) to create a United States court for
the Indian territory; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to be printed.
tiie calendar.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
other bills to be introduced, resolutions are in
order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That on Monday next, at one o'clock,
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
Calendar; and bills that are not objected to shall be
taken up in their order, and eaoh Senator shall be i
entitled to speak once, and for five minutes only, on
each question ; and this order shall be enforced
daily at one o'clock until the end of the Calendar is i
reached, unless, upon motion, the Senate should at
any time otherwise order. j,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better be 1
! printed and lie over until to-morrow.
I Mr. ANTHONY. It is the same order that
was passed some time ago, and I believe gave
satisfaction to everybody. If this is not done
before the holidays it cannot be done at all this
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the resolution lie
over until to-morrow and I will look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects to the present consideration
of the resolution. It must, therefore, lie over,
and it will be printed.
troops in arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I submit the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
Renolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish the Senate information in
regard to a recent application for United States
troops to be sent to the State of Arkansas; that he
state when such application was made, by whom
made, for what purpose asked, and whetherany, and
what, order has been made in relation thereto; and
if any troops are to be sent to said State, that he
furnish definite information as to the necessity, and
the object and purpose for which they are sent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better lie over
and be printed. I object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over and be printed.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is known,
perhaps, to most Senators that I desired to
submit Bome remarks at the close of the last
session, but was prevented from doing so by
the pressure of business, upon an amendment
offered by me to Senate bill No. 693 "to pro-
vide for the further endowment and support
of colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts, and the liberal and prac-
tical education of the industrial classes in the
several pursuits and professions in life, as es-
tablished under an act of Congress approved
July 2, 1862." I now rise to give notice that
on Wednesday next I shall ask unanimous con-
sent to take up the bill and amendment for the
purpose of offering some remarks, and that at
an early day in the session I shall ask a vote
on the measure itself by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that he had better say Thurs-
day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well;
I will say Thursday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont gives notice that on Thursday
iifxt he will call up the bill referred to by him
for the purpose of submitting some remarks
upon it.
twenty-first joint rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,)'That the twenty-first joint rule be, and the
same is hereby, suspended for the present session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that?
Mr. POMEROY. The twenty-first joint
rule provides that no business which originated
at a previous session shall be transacted dur-
ing the first six days of a second or subsequent
session of a Congress. We have on two occa-
sions suspended that rule. It is in conflict
with a rule of the Senate. The fifty-second
rule of the Senate provides that we shall take
up the business of the preceding session at the
beginning of a second session the same as
though it was only an adjournment for a day ;
but the twenty-first joint rule has been con-
strued in this body, and I believe by the pres-
ent Presiding Officer, to interfere with the
passage within the first six days of a session,
of any bill that originated in the other House.
I know it formerly had that construction in
this body; and, in order that we might have
no debate about it, I thought it best for us to
suspend the rule, and then we can proceed to
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kansas, as he has
alluded to the decision of the Chair, that that
decision has been uniform in the Senate on the
twenty-first joint rule. It was made by Vice
President Breckinridge on a point raised by
the then Senator from Maryland, (Mr. Pearce,)
and the Vice President was sustained on an
appeal by the Senate. Afterward, Mr Foster,
President pro tempore of the Senate, made the
same decision, and the present occupant of
the chair at the last Congress made a similar
decision, stating at the same time that the two
Houses differed in the construction of this joint
rule. The Speakers, for ten or fifteen years
at least, in the House of Representatives have
held this rule adopted in 1848 to be permissive,
but in the Senate it has been deemed to be
mandatory; that is, that unfinished business of
a preceding session shall not be taken up until
after six days at a subsequent session. In the
House of Representatives it has been con-
strued, as the members of the Senate who are
familiar with the decisions in the House will
remember, that the business of the preceding
session can be taken up during the first six
days of a subsequent session, but at the end
of the six days must be resumed. The twenty-
first joint ru'e will be read, and also the first
part of the fifty-second rule of the Senate, which
seems to refer to the same subject.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 only desire to remark
that the Senate itself debated this'question at
considerable length, but took no final action
upon it. The Senate has never reversed the
decision of the Chair, but that decision has
been questioned, and I thought, in order to
avoid any further question in regard to it, we
had better suspend the rule and proceed at
once to business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no Senator
desires the rule to be reported, the question
will be on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
The resolution of Mr. Pomeboy was read.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. Let that resolution lie
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine first addressed the Chair.
Mr. HAMLIN. I mova to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the vord " suspended "
and inserting " abrogated."
The VICE PRESIDE/Tr. The Senator
from California rose to n/ake a motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I a.<(k that the resolution,
with the amendment, bu printed and lie over
until to-morrow. It id ra&«r an important
