187B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DABIBN surveying expedition.
Mr, ANTHONY. I ask leave to make a re-
port from.- a co rpmittee of conference.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote? of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House-to the concurrent resolution for the printing
of additional copies of the report of the Darien sur-
veying expedition, having met, after full and free
conference, have agreed to recommend,and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as followbi
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the Hotise amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment:
Strike out all after the words quarto form and
insert the following:
Six thousand additional copies of the report and
accompanying maps ot the Darien surveying expe-
dition of which seventeen hundred ana ntty copies
shall be for the use of the Senate, thirty-five hun-
dred for the use of the Hoase, and seven hundred
and fifty for the use of the Secretary of the Navy.
H. B. ASTHONY,
T. 0. HOWE,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. M. PENDLETON,
W. P. PRICE,
GLENNI SY. &COFIELD,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of was concurred in.
credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
credentials of Hon. Timothy 0. Howe, chosen
by the Legislature of Wisconsin a Senator from
that State for the term beginning March 4,
1873 ; which were read and ordered to be filed.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the creden-
tials of Hon. John J. Patterson, chosen by
the Legislature of South Carolina a Senator
from that State for the term beginning March
4. 1873; which were read and ordered to be
filed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOOSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R._ No. 2553)
granting a pension to John Condlin.
The message also announced that the House
had passed without amendment the following
bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No 873) for the relief of Francis
A. Gibbons;
A bill (S. No. 1279) to fix the compensa-
tion of the deputy collector of customs at
Saint Paul; .
A bill (S. No. 1321) for the relief of Benja-
min H. Campbell, marshal of the United States
for the northern district of Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 1439) to transfer the control
of certain powers and duties in relation to the
Territories to the Department of the Interior;
A bill (S No. 1596) relating to the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
middle and northern districts'of Alabama; and
A bill (S. No. 1645) to provide for the ex-
penses of the investigation of alleged frauds
in the recent senatorial election in Kansas.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 3088) to extend for four
years the act establishing the board of com-
missioners of claims, and the acts relating
thereto; . .
A bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consol-
idate, and amend the laws relating to pen-
sions. i. tt
The message also announced that the iiouse
i :sisted upon its amendment to the bill (S.
No 1203) creating a commission to adjust the
c .mpensation of the several claimants for
i1 mages for rebel cruisers, to be discharged
( it of the indemnity fund awarded by the tri-
bunal of arbitration at Geneva, to be paid by
Great. Britain to the United States, disagreed
to by the Senate, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. B. F. Butler of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. John A. Peters of Maine,
and Mr. Clarkson N. Potter of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
A bill (H. R. No. 4054) relating to the frac-
tional parts of a barrel containing fermented
liquors; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4055) granting an annuity
to Mary Swift, daughter of Thomas Truxton,
deceased, late commodore in the United States
Navy.
executive communication
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 22d instant, inform-
ation as to the expediency of erecting a
light-house at the mouth of the Umpqua river,
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate a resolution of the Legislature of
Misouri exonerating Hon. Louis V. Bogy,
Senator-elect from that State, from any sus-
picion of having used corrupt means to secure
his election tothe United States Senate ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
citizens of Providence, Rhode Island, remon
strating against the passage of a law discrim-
inating against any class of citizens, trade, or
profession, m the participation of theaward of
the Geneva arbitration; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of under-
writers of Rhode Island, remonstrating against
their exclusion from participation in the dam-
ages awarded by the Geneva tribunal of arbi-
tration ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of Hampden Cults and Mary Cutts,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition,of
citizens of Nebraska, praying that actual set-
tlers on the public lands may be permitted to
cut timber on vacant lands of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered, That James A. Harold have leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate his petition
and papers.
reports of committees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom were referred the following bills, pked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion, and moved that they be indefinitely post-
poned ; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 900) making an appropriation
for a Government building, to be used for a
courthouse, post office, &e., at the city of
Jefferson, in the State of Missouri ;
A bill (S. No. 1193) authorizing the con-
struction of a public building at Leavenworth,
Kansas, for the use of the post office, Uni-
ted States courts, and revenue offices in said
CltAbill (S. No. 1295) to provide for building
a United States court-house at Tallahassee,
Florida; , „
A bill (S. No. 1348) to donate to the State
of Oregon a public building, lot, and material
situated at the Dalles, Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 1447) to provide for the erec-
tion of a public building at Montgomery, in
the State of Alabama; and
A bill (S. No. 1408) to provide for the erec-
tion of a building suitable for the use of the
United States courts, post office, and other
neeessary Government offices at AsheviHe,
North Carolina.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I am also
directed by the samft committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S.~ No. 1449} to authorize the
erection of a public fcroldfng'af Sacramento,
California, to report It "b^ck adversely.
Mr. COLE.. I shoulMketo have that bill
go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENTS the bill will fee
placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report. ' -
Mr. MOB RILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the same committee, towbom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1580) for the con-
struction of a public building in North Provi-
dence, in the State of Rhode Island, to report
it back adversely.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let that go on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
ordered.
Mr MORRILL, of Vermont, from the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1579) for the erection of apublic build-
ing for the use of the United States in Padu-
cah, Kentucky, reported adveraely thereon;
and it was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
; were referred the following petitions and me-
morials, asked to 'be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to:
A memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin
in favor of the erection of a custom-house and
post office at Green Bay in th^t $tate j
A memorial of the common council of the
city of Jacksonville. Florida, in favor of aa
appropriation to builu a<;ourt-house, post office,
custom-house, and internal revenue offices in
that State ;
A petition of citizens of South Carolina,
praying for the erection of a court-house and
post office building at Greenville, in that State ;
and
A petition of the grand jury of the United
States district court at Greenville, South Caro-
lina. praying for the erection of a public build-
ing at that place.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3922) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and far
other purposes, reported it with amendments,
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported thetn severally, without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 832) for the settlement of the
accounts of John G. Doughty, late first lieu-
tenant and regimental quartermaster fifty-first
Indiana volunteers; ^
A bill (H. R. No. 2079) for the relief of F.
W. Fee, late lieutenant of the first Kentucky
infantry volunteers; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4030) to pay Charles Probst,
of New Mexico, for supplies furnished the New
Mexico militia daring the late rebellion,
martha b williams.
Mr. LOGAN.' The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R. No.
1068) granting a pension to Martha B. Wil-
liams, have instructed me to report it favor-
ably.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that that bill be con-
sidered at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, ihe name of Martha B.
Williams, mother of John F. Caven, late a
captain of company G eleventh Indiana vol-
unteers, and to pay her a pension from the
passage of the act.
