1&28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The bill' was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHARLES Jl'CLURE.
Mr. LOGAN,,from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No.- 8783) for the relief of Captain Charles
McClure, reported it without amendment; and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take
up that bill and put it on its passage. It is
a small bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The
proper accounting officers are directed by the
bill, in settling and adjusting the accounts
of Charles McClure, captain and commissary
of subsistence United States Army, to credit
him with the sura of $844 63 on account of
loss of that amount in 1869 and 1870 by the
embezzlement of a clerk in his employ, the
amount being lost without neglect or fault of
McClure.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
military road in new mexico.
Mr. LOGAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. JR. No. 2747) providing for
the completion of the military road from Santa
F6 to Taos, in the Territory of New Mexico,
to report it back without amendment. There
is accompanying it a letter of the Secretary of
War recommending the passage of the bill.
It is a matter of some importance, and the
Delegate from that Territory has asked me
to favor him by requesting the Senate to pass
the bill now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which appropriates $26,000 for
the completion of the military road from the
city of Santa F6 to Fernandez de Taos, in the
Territory of New Mexico, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
The bill was reported to the Seuate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third, time and passed.
louisa eldis.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
3878) for the relief of Mrs. Louisa Bldis, have
had the same under consideration and di-
rected me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend the passage of the bill.
1 ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment to Mrs. Louisa
Eldis, of Sandusky, Ohio, of $691 83, in full
compensation for losses sustained by the oc-
cupancy of her stone building in Sandusky,
Ohio, by the one hundred and third regiment
of NeW York volunteers during the months
of January, February, March, and April, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
pension laws.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following report:
Tbe committee of conferenco on the disagreeing
vote of the two Houses on IIouso bill No. 2312,
" revising, consolidating, and amending tho laws
relating to pensions," having met, after fuli and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House agree to SeDate amendments num-
bered 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9,11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 20,
21. 22, and 23.
That the House agree to Senate amendment No.
3, with amendments as follows: after tho word
" month," in line twenty-four of section four, add:
Provided, That all persons who, under like cir-
cumstances, havo lost a leg above the knee, and in
consequence thereof are so disabled that they can-
not use artificial limbs, shall be rated in the second
class, and receive twenty-four dollars per month."
And the Senate agree to the same.
In lines sixtj -four and seventy of section three,
and in lines eleven and seventeen of section four,
strike out the word " constant" and insert the word
" regular;" and that the Senate agree to the same.
In line thirty four of section four, strike out the
words "recommending the same,*" and that the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its amendment No.
4, and agree to the following, to be inserted after
the word "remarriage," in line seventeen of section
eight:
That the provisions of this act are hereby ex-
tended to and made to embrace the officers and
privates of the Missouri State militia and the pro-
visional Missouri militia, disabled by reason of in-
jury received or disease contracted in the line of
duty while such militia was cooperating with the
United States forces, and the widow or children of
any such person dying of injury received or disease
contracted under the circumstances herein set
forth shall be entitled to the benefits of this act:
Provided, That tho pension account of such mili-
tia shall not commence prior to the date of the
passage of this act.
And that the House agree to the same.
That the House agree to Senate amendment. No.
10, in section fourteen, with an amendment striking
out the first proviso of said last-named section; and
that tho Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its amendment No.
19, and in lieu of the words" three thousand" accept
the words twenty-five hundred;" and that the
House agree to tho same:
And that the Senate recede from its amendment
No. 24 and agree to the striking out of the whole of
section No. 39; and that the House agree to the same.
D. D. PKATT,
O. S. FERRY,
E. SAULSBURY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. H. MOORE,
B. D. PECK,
M. D. MANSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
ada h. m'donald.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I was unable
to be present yesterday. I had promised to
call up a pension bill to which there is no ob-
jection, and I ask unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to its consideration now.
It is House bill No. 2399.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 2399) granting a pension
to Ada H. McDonald. The Secretary of the
Interior is, by the bill, directed to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Ada H. McDonald, widow of Charles McDon-
ald, late colonel first regiment militia of the
district of Memphis, Tennessee, organized
under orders from the War Department. If
the widow, from any cause, should cease to
draw the pension herein granted, it is to
be continued to the minor son of Colonel
McDonald, now his only surviving child, until
he is sixteen years old.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
thomas 0. magrcder.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
call up House bill No. 2908, for the relief of
a clerk in one of the Departments, that went
over while I was out one day. It is a very
meritorious bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the morning business
over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Senator from West Virginia asks unanimous
consent for the present consideration of tbe
bill (H. R. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas C.
Magiuder certain moneys stolen from him in
1809.
Mr. WRIGHT. I feel it my duty to say-
that the chairman of the Committee on Claims
was not entirely in favor of this bill when it
was before the committee, and it is perhaps
but justice to him that it should be passed over
until he is here.
Mr. DAVIS. The chairman has no objec-
tion to it in the world, I think. The bill is for
the relief of a clerk in one of the Depart-
ments, and only covers $1,200. I hope the
Senator will withdraw the objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. I notwithstanding feel it
my duty to think that it is due to the chairman
that he should be here when the bill is taken
up.
Mr. DAVIS. If it is understood that it
shall be taken up when he is here I shall have
no objection to its being laid aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed Over informally, if there be no objec-
tion.
north carolina judicial district.
Mr. POOL. I ask that the Senate take up
Senate bill No. 1643, which was reached on
the Calendar a day or two ago, and is for the
purpose of creating a marshal in North Caro-
lina. It has been discovered at the Depart-
ment of Justice that by an omission in an act
of last session creating the western district
of that State it is exceedingly questionable
whether any marshal has a rightto actirieither
of the districts. For the purpose of enabling
a marshal to be appointed I ask for action on
the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceded to consider
the bill (S. No. 1643) to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish a western judicial district
of North Carolina. "
The bill proposes to amend the eighth section
of the act referred to by adding to it the words :
There shall also be appointed a marshal of the
United States for said western district of North
Carolina, who shall receive such fees and compen-
sation and exercise such powers and perform such
duties as are fixed and enjoined by law.
Mr. POOL. I find that the bill does not
entirely obviate the trouble they have at the
Department. I therefore, offer the following
amendment, because it is doubtful now whether
we have a marshal for either district:
And also a marshal of the United States for the
eastern district of North Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
medical statistics.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the following
concurrent resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, reported it without amendment;
and it was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That of the five thousand additional
copies of modicai statistics of the Provost Marshall
General's Bureau authorized to be printed by joint
resolution of Congress, approved March 3,1869, two
thousand copies shall be for the use ot the House of
Representatives, one thousand for the use of the
Senate, and two thousand for distribution by tho
chief medical purveyor of the Army.
uayden's geological report.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the follow-
ing concurrent resolution, reported it with-
out amendment; and it was considered, and
agreed to :
lieftolved hy the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed and bound
twelve thousand copies of Professor Hayden's sixth
annual report of tho United States Geological Sur-
vey of the Territories of explorations for 1872, sev-
enty-five hundred copies of which shall be for the
use of the House of Representatives, twenty-five
hundred copies for the Senate, and two thousand
eopies for distribution by the Smithsonian Institu-
tion.
FISH COMMISSIONERS KEPOR3.1.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee oil
Printing, reported the following concurrent
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved hy the Senate, (the Hotise of ^Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed five thou-
sand extra copies of the report of the United States
commissioner of fish and fisheries for 1872, upon the
decrease of the food fishers of the seacoast and of
the lakes, and upon the stocking of the rivers and
lakes of the United States with salmon, shad, &c.;
three thousand of which shall be for the use of
the House, fifteen hundred for the Senate* and five
hundred for the commissioner.
