THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2.
mits to the Senate the annual message of the
President of the United States; which will be
read.
Hon. Georoe C. Gorham, Secretary of the
Senate, thereupon read the message, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives:
In transmitting to you this, ruy fourth
annual message, it is with thankfulness to the
Giver of all good that, as a nation, we have
been blessed for the past year with peace at
home, peace abroad, and a general prosperity
vouchsafed to but few peoples.
With the exception of the recent devasta-
ting fire which swept from the earth, with a
breath as it were, millions of accumulated
wealth in the city of Boston, there has been
no overshadowing calamity within the year to
record. It is gratifying to note how, like their
fellow-citizens of the city of Chicago, under
similar circumstances a year earlier, the citi-
zens of Boston are rallying under their mis-
fortunes, and the prospect that their energy
and perseverance will overcome all obstacles,
and show the same prosperity soon that they
would had no disaster befallen them. Other-
wise we have been free from pestilence, war,
and calamities which often overtake nations;
and as far as human judgment can penetrate
the future, no cause seems to exist to threaten
our present peace.
When Congress adjourned in June last, a
question bad been raised by Great Britain and
was then pending, which for a time seriously
imperilled the settlement by friendly arbitra-
tion of the grave differences between this Gov-
ernment and that of her Britannic Majesty,
which hy the treaty of Washington had been
referred to the tribunal of arbitration which
had met at Geneva, in Switzerland.
The arbitrators, however, disposed of the
question which had jeoparded the whole of the
treaty and threatened to involve the two nations
in most unhappy relations toward each other
in a manner entirely satisfactory to this Gov-
ernment and in accordance with the views and
the policy which it had maintained.
The tribunal which had convened at Geneva
in December concluded its laborious session
on the 1-ith day of September last, on which
day, having availed itself of the discretionary
power given to it by the treaty to award a sum
in gross, it made its decision, whereby it
awarded the sum of $15,500,000 in gold as the
indemnity to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States for the satisfaction of ail the
claims referred to its consideration.
This decision happily disposes of a long-
standing difference between the two Govern-
ments, and in connection with another award
made by the German emperor, under a refer-
ence to him by the same treaty, leaves these
two Governments without a shadow upon the
friendly relations which it is my sincere hope
may forever remain equally unclouded.
The report of the agent of the United States
appointed to attend the Geneva tribunal, :
accompanied by the protocols of the proceed- j
ings ol the arbitrators, the arguments of the 1
counsel of both Governments, the award of the 11
tribunal, and the opinions given by the several
arbitrators, is transmitted herewith.
I have caused to be communicated to the
heads of the three friendly Powers who com-
plied with the joint request made to them
underthe treaty, the thanks of this Government
for the appointment of arbitrators made by
them respectively, and also my thanks to the
eminent personages named by them, and my
appreciation of the dignity, patience, impar-
tiality, and great ability with which they dis-
charged their arduous and high functions.
Her Majesty's Government has commun-
icated to me the appreciation by her Majesty
of the ability and indefatigable industry dis-
played by Mr. Adams, the arbitrator named
on the part of this Government, during the
protracted inquiries and discussions of the
tribunal. I cordially unite with her Majesty
j in this appreciation.
I It is due to the agent of the United States
before the tribunal to record my high apprecia-
tion of the marked ability, unwearied patience,
and the prudence and discretion with which
he has conducted the very responsible and
delicate duties committed to him, as it is also
due to the learned and eminent counsel who
attended the tribunal on the part of this Gov-
ernment to express my sense of the talent and
wisdom which they brought to bear in the at-
tainment of the result so happily reached.
It will be the province of Congress to pro-
vide for the distribution among those who may
be entitled to it of their respective shares of
the money to be paid.
Although the sum awarded is not payable
until a year from the date of the award, it is
deemed advisable that no time be lost in mak-
ing a proper examination of the several cases
in which indemnification may be due. I con-
sequently recommend the creation of a board
of commissioners for the purpose.
By the thirty-fourth article of the treaty of
Washington, the respective claims of the Uni-
ted States and of Great Britain in their con-
struction of the treaty of the 15th of June,
1846, defining the boundary line between their
respective territories, were submitted to the
arbitration and award of his Majesty, the
emperor of Germany, to decide which of
those claims is most in accordance with the
true interpretation of the treaty of 1846.
His Majesty, the emparor of Germany, hav-
ing been pleased to undertake the arbitration,
has the earnest thanks of thiB Government and
of the people of the United States for the
labor, pains, and care which he has devoted to
the consideration of this long-pending differ-
ence. I have caused an expression of my
thanks to be communicated to his Majesty.
Mr. Bancroft, the representative of this Gov-
ernment at Berlin, conducted the case, and
prepared the statement on the part of the
United States with the ability that his past
services justified the public in expecting at
his hands.. As a member of the Cabinet at
the date of the treaty which has given rise to
the discussion between the two Governments,
as the minister to Great Britain when the
construction, now pronounced unfounded, was
first advanced, and as the agent and repre-
sentative of the Government to present the
case and to receive the award, he has been
associated with the question in all of its phases,
and in every stage has manifested a patriotic
zeal and earnestness in maintenance of the
claim of the United States. He is entitled to
much credit for the success which has attended
the submission.
After a patient investigation of the case, and
of the statements of each party, his Majesty,
the emperor, on the 21st day of October last,
signed his award in writing, decreeing that the
claim of the Government of the United States
that the boundary line between the territories
of her Britannic Majesty and the United States
should be drawn through the Haro channel, is
most in accordance with the true interpreta-
tion of the treaty concluded on the 16th of
June, 1846, between the Governments of her
Britannic Majesty and of the United States.
Copies of the "case" presented on behalf
of each Government, and of the "statement in
reply " of each, and a translation of the award,
are transmitted herewith.
This award confirms the United States in
their claims to the important archipelago of
islands lying between the continent and Van
Couver's Island, which for more than twenty-
six years (ever since the ratification of the
treaty) Great Britain has contested, and leaves
us for the first time in the history of the United
States as a nation without a question of dis-
puted boundary between our territory and the
possessions of Great Britain on this continent.
It is my grateful duty to acknowledge the
prompt spontaneous action of her Majesty's
Government in giving effect to the award. In
anticipation of any request from this Govern-
, ment, and before the reception in the United
| States of the award signed by the emperor,
her Majesty had given instructions for the
removal of her troops which had been stationed
there, and for the cessation of all exercise or
claim of jurisdiction, so as to leave the United
States in the exclusive possession of the lately
disputed territory.
I am gratified to be able to announce that
the orders for the removal of the troops have
been executed, and that the military joint,
occupation of San Juan has ceased. The
islands are now in the exclusive possession of
the United States.
It now becomes necessary to complete the
survey and determination of that portion of
the boundary line (through the Haro chan-
nel) upon which the commission which determ-
ined the remaining part of the line were
unable to agree. I recommend the appoint-
ment of a commission to act jointly with one
which may be named by her Majesty for that
purpose.
Experience of the difficulties attending the
determination of our admitted line of bound-
ary, after the occupation of the territory and
its settlement by those owing allegiance to the
respective Governments, points to the import-
ance of establishing by natural objects or other
monuments the actual line between the terri-
tory acquired by purchase from Russia and
the adjoining possessions of her Britannic
, Majesty. The region is now so sparsely occu-
pied that no conflicting interests of individuals
or of jurisdiction are likely to interfere to the
delay or embarrassment of the actual location
of the line. If deferred until population shall
enter and occupy the territory, some trivial
contest of neighbors may again array the two
Governments in antagonism. I therefore rec-
ommend the appointment of a commission to
act jointly with one that may be appointed on
the part of Great Britain to determine the line
between our territory of Alaska and the con-
terminous possessions of Great Britain.
In my last annual message I recommended
the legislation necessary on the part of the
United States to bring into operation the
articles of the treaty of Washington of May 8,
1871, relating to the fisheries, and to other
matters touching the relations of the United
States toward the British North American pos-
sessions, to become operative so soon as the
proper legislation should be had on the part
of Great Britain and its possessions.
That legislation on the part of Great Britain
and its possessions had not then been had,
and during the session of Congress a question
was raised which for the time raised a doubt
whether any action by Congress in the direc-
tion indicated would become important. This
question has since been disposed of, and I
have received notice that the imperial parlia-
ment and the legislatures of the provincial
governments have passed laws to carry the
provisions of the treaty on the matters referred
to into operation. I therefore recommend
your early adoption of the legislation in the
same direction necessary on the part of this
Government.
The joint commission for determining the
boundary line between the United States and
the British possessions between the Lake of
the Woods and the Rocky mountains has
organized and entered upon its work. It is
desirable that the force be increased, in order
that the completion of the survey and determ-
ination of the line may be the sooner attained.
To this end I recommend that a sufficient
appropriation be made.
With France, our earliest ally; Russia, the
constant and steady friend of the United
States; Germany, with whose Government
and people we have so many causes of friend-
