1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1929
education report.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
to print extra copies of the report of the
Commissioner of Education, reported it with
amendments.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution ; and the amendments reported by the
Committee on Printing were agreed to so as
to make the resolution read as follows :
Remlved by the Senate, fthe House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed twenty
thousand copies of the report of the Commissioner
of Education, including the accompanying illustra-
tions of the relations of intelligence to wealth; ten
thousand copies to be for the use of the House, five
thousand copies for the use of the Senate, and five
thousand copies for the use of the Bureau of Edu-
cation.
Mr. ANTHONY. This cuts the copies down
one half. The work will be stereotyped, and
if it is found that other copies are wanted they
can be ordered afterward.
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
centennial commission report.
Mr. ANTHONY. If some Senator knows
anything about the report of the centennial
commissioners and would give the Committee
on Printing some information about it, we
should be glad to receive it.
Mr. SCOTT. That report was presented in
the House by the President of the centennial
commission, who is fully conversant with all
its operations and is the author of the report.
It was upon his motion that the resolution was
there adopted authorizing the printing of the
number of the report that is proposed in that
resolution. It is no impropriety to refer to
the president of the commission, although he
is a member of the House from Connecticut,
General Hawley. On his recommendation,
the resolution was passed by the House. I
have no doubt of the propriety of the resolu-
tion, and that the number that is provided for
will be necessary to distribute the report
through the various States of the Union to
give the necessary information as to the regu-
lations that will govern that exhibition.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is a House resolu-
tion and I will withhold it until to-morrow
so as to have an opportunity to confer with
Senators. We are constantly told of the enorm-
ous expenses of the congressional printing;
and here we are asked to spend a very consid-
erable sum in aid of the centennial commis-
sion in the way of printing. It seems to me
that admitting the movement to be perfectly
proper, and I have no reason to doubt it, there
should be a distinct appropriation for that pur-
pose and the document should not be printed
at the Government Printing Office and then
charged to the extravagance of the congres-
sional printing.
Mr. SCOTT. Do I understand the chairman
of the Committee on Printing that he is not
ready to report the resolution ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I will withhold it until
to-morrow.
soldiers' homesteads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1299) to amend an act
entitled "An act to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lauds of the United States," reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask leave to call up
the bill just reported by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill.] It is very brief. It
is in regard to soldiers' settlements on the
public lands, and I am sure the measure is so
just and proper that it will not meet with op-
position.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 1299) to amend an act entitled
"An act to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States," and the amend-
ments thereto. The preamble recites that by act
of Congress approved April 4,1872, and by the
amendment thereto, approved June 8, 1872, it
is provided that soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, shall have the
right to enter homesteads of one hundred and
sixty acres each upon what are called and
known as "double minimum" lands, or lands
within the limits of railroad land grants ; and
that many soldiers and sailors had, prior to
the passage of that act and the amendments
thereto, entered homesteads within those
limits, not exceeding eighty acres each, and
are unable, under the terms of the act and
amendment, and the rulings, of the General
Land Office, to avail themselves of the advan-
tages of entering one hundred and sixty acres
of "double minimum" land; and that such
discrimination against the pioneer soldiers and
sailors is uncalled for and unjust. The bill,
therefore, proposes to amend section two of
the act approved June 8, 1872, so as to read
as follows:
That any person entitled under the provisions of
the foregoing sections to enter a homestead, who
may have heretofore entered under the homestead
laws a quantity of land less than one hundred and
sixty acres, shall be permitted to enter so much land
as, when added to the quantity previously entered,
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. ANTHONY. What committee does
that come from ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Military Affairs, reported by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. ANTHONY. All right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out that
long preamble. It arraigns the officers of the
Government for unjust decisions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to strike out the preamble.
If there be no objection, it will be so ordered.
The preamble is stricken out.
Mr. STEWART. I should like'to under-
stand the bill. It is very short. Let it be
read.
The bill was read.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
beer barrels.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the bill (H. R. No. 4050) relating to
the fractional part of a barrel containing fer-
mented liquors.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill is identical with
one passed the other day by the Senate. It is
only sent here as a House bill because the
House doubt our power to originate it. It is
for the benefit of California especially; there
can be no objection to it, and I hope it will pass.
It is identical in words with the bill passed by
the Senate providing for the thirds of barrels
of beer.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
gilbert and gerrish.
Mr. BLAIR, I ask unanimous consent for
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2902)
for the relief of the estates of Abel Gilbert and
William Gerrish, late copartners in business
under the style of Gilbert & Gerrish.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides for the payment of
$26,250 to Benjamin W. Gilbert, administra-
tor of the estate of Abel Gilbert, and Isaac
Watts, administrator of the estate of William
Gerrish, in full accord and satisfaction for
damages for violation of a grain contract
entered into the 21st of May, 1859, between
Colonel G. H. Grossman, deputy Quartermas-
ter General of the United States Army, in be-
half of the United States, and Abel Gilbert,
in his own name, but in behalf of Gilbert &
Gerrish.
Mr. ANTHONY. What committee does
that come from? :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was
rejported by the Senator from Iowa [Mr,
Wright] from the Committee on Claims.
There is a written report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am satisfied if it was
reported by the Senator from Iowa. f
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought to have the
report read.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
Mr. WRIGHT. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Ohio that the report has been
read once in the Senate; it is very lengthy
and would take the entire remainder of the
morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the report been read
in the Senate?
Mr. WRIGHT. It has been.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has this bill been con-
sidered in the Senate?
Mr. WRIGHT. It was on a former occa-
sion before the Senate, and the report was
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the call.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
amherst h. wilder.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senate to con-
sider House bill No. 2659. It is a very short
bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2659) for the relief
of Amherst H. Wilder. The bill provides for
the payment to Wilder $3,516 21, found due
by him by the Court of Claims and Supreme
Court, but which he was prevented from col-
lecting by the failure of the War Department
to finally act upon the same until more than
six years after the claim accrued.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
anna e. peale.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask consent of the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 3877 for the relief of Anna E. Peale.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides for the payment
to Anna E. Peale, only child of Franklin
Peale, late of the city of Philadelphia, of
$10,000, in full for the services rendered by
him to the Government of the United States,
from the discoveries, inventions, and improve-
mentsin the machinery and process for refining
and coining the precious metals, introduced
and perfected by him, and now used in the
United States Mint aud its several branches.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
william bayne.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
Senate to take up House bill No. 3166, re-
ported by the honorable Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Wright.] It is for the relief of desti-
tute children who are absolutely starving.
Therf being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 3166) for the relief
of William Bayne, trustee, &c. It provides
for the payment to William Bayne, trustee
for the children of George Bayne, deceased,
of $2,55fr; which sum, when accepted, shall
be in full satisfaction for the rent and damage
to the storehouse of the claimant, trustee.
l$r. CONKLING. Is there a report in that
CSS6 ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator from Iowa reported the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. After this bill is passed,
I hope we shall go on with the Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. Before thisbill is passed,
