970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
petition when there is a failure to prove loy-
alty, the petition shall still be entertained, the
amount doe shall be found, and judgment shall
be rendered upon that; and there shall be a
certificate that, notwithstanding the judgment,
it was not proved that the petitioner was loyal,
la other words, the court shall certify that it
has stultified itself and disobeyed the statute
which says that unless there be such proof no
judgment shall be rendered at all. That is the
effeetof this amendment, and that ought to be
sufficient to kill it without going one step
further into the law on this subject.
But, sir, if we come to the merits of these
cases, so far as I understand them, let us see
what they are. X do not speak now of the
captured and abandoned property act alone.
This .amendment extends to everything,
whether it is a suit in relation to the captured
and abandoned property act or not. It ex-
tends to every claim that may be made by any
man who was not loyal. No matter how that
claim originated, and no matter how bad Mr.
Lamar's ease may be, (and about it I know
nothing whatever except what I have heard
to-day,) this is to put all the good cases in the
same category with the bad eases. Is that
right? Is it proper to put them all in the
same category? Certainly, unless they ought
all to be excluded, every one of them, from
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, the
provision ought not to be so sweeping as to
exclude them all; and therefore the burden
' rests on those who are in favor of exclusion
to show that in every case there ought to be
exclusion. It will not do to speak about
Lamar's case. If that is an exceptional case,
then provide for that in a proper way, but do
not exclude everybody because there is one
blaclt sheep in the flock.
But, sir, let us look a little into what I sup-
pose is the real matter of controversy, and
that ia the fund resulting from the sale of
property taken possession of under the cap-
tured and abandoned property act, so far as it
has not been refunded, that is now in the shape
of money in the Treasury of the United States.
But to whom does it belong ? The Senator from
Vermont assumes all the while that that, money
now belongs to the United States. The Su-
preme Court, with but two dissenting voices,
has decided that that money does not belong
to the United States, but that 1 he United
States holds it simply as trustee for the per-
sons whose property was taken. Two of the
judges dissented. While they agreed that so
long as the property itself remained in specie
it was the property of the owner, they held
that after it was sold and covered into the
Treasury, of converted into money and put
into the Tieasury, the money became the prop-
erty of the United States. But the remainder
of the judges, seven out of nine, were of the
opinion, and have so solemnly decided, and it
is now the law of the land, so far as the decision
of the Supreme Court can make it the law, that
that money is not the property of the United
States, but that the United States holds itsim-
ply as a trustee for the benefit of those whose
property was taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I shall not be guilty
of impertinence, because I did not intend to
offend the Senator from Ohio in any way
a while ago, I should like to ask him a ques-
tion ; but if he thinks it offensive I will wait.
Mr. THURMAN. I will hear the question,
and then I can judge better.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In view of his very
guarded remark just now, that this decision,
so far as it settled the law, was so and so, I
wish to ask him, in his view of the structure
of this Government, whether it is within the
competency of the Supreme Court of the
United States to make a decision which is the
law of the land in respect to money that by
law has been paid into the Treasury; whether
it is not entirely competent for us, without
respect to that decision, to judge of that ques-
tion independently ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer that ques-
tion with a great deal of pleasure. Let us see
how the matter stands. An act was passed by
Congress called the captured and abandoned
property act, providing for the seizure of cer-
tain property or the taking possession of it by
officers of the United States, and providing
for the conversion of some of that property
of a perishable nature into money and placing
the money in the Treasury of the United
States, and providing further for the reclama-
tion of the property before its conversion, or
for a claim to the money, its proceeds, after its
conversion, by those entitled to it, under cer-
tain limitations. That was that act. The
property was taken possession of. The whole
right of the officers of the Government to take
possession of it was derived from the statute.
Now thequestion comes up before the Supreme
Court between proper parties in a case made
under the Constitution of the United States,
in which thequestion to be decided is, to whom
does that property belong; and I say to my
friend that the decision of the Supreme Court
upon that case, arising under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, is binding upon
us as much as it is upon any man in the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly clear ;
but it does not answer the question.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the question.
There are some political questions upon which
we must judge for ourselves, whatever may be
the opinion of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. This is not one of those cases. In
no sense is this a political question upon which
we can disregard the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States. It is a mere
property question, a mere right, of property
under the statute of the United States. I
therefore answer the Senator that the decision
of the Supreme Court on that question is bind-
ing upon our consciences, sitting here and
acting as Senators.
What did they decide? They decided, as I
have remarked, that the property remains the
property of the persons to whom it belonged
when it was seized, or their assigns ; and fur-
ther, they decided that no matter whether
those persons were loyal or disloyal the law
is precisely the same; the property is theirs,
and the United States holds it simply as
trustees, without respect to their loyalty.
That is the decision of the highest judicial
tribunal of the land and is binding upon Con-
gress, too.
Now it is said here that it is a right and
proper thing for the Congress of the United
States, after the Supreme Court has solemnly
decided that this money belongs to these peo-
ple, whether they were loyal or disloyal, to
set aside that decision, and to set aside the
effect to be given to a pardon, too; and to say
that it will continue to hold the proceeds of
that property against its owner. I, for one,
cannot do that. When the highest judicial
power in this land, having a case before it
entitling it to decide that question, has de-
cided that the proceeds of this property do
not, belong to the United States, are not money
of the United States, but are simply held by
us in trust for certain persons, I am not here
to disregard and to nullify that decision and
say that those proceeds shall not be paid to
those to whom they belong according to that
solemn decision.
I might stop there; but other questions have
been mooted here, and I will say a word or
two upon them. I shall not go into any ques-
tion about whether President Johnson had
power to issue his proclamation of amnesty,
which the Senator from Vermont says all of
us agreed he had not. He does not include
me in that and a good many of us here who
were not here at the time. I do not know
what he means by saying all agreed to it, all
the Senate or Congress agreed to it. If
they ever passed a resolution unanimously
that President Johnson's proclamation of
amnesty was unauthorized by the Constitu-
tion and was a nullity, I never heard of if.
It may be owing to my ignorance, but I
never heard of any such thing. If ray mem-
ory is not at fault, before this Government,
was eight years old, George Washington issued
precisely such a proclamation of amnesty.
I may be mistaken, but I think more than one
instance can be found in which the President
has issued precisely such a proclamation ; and
I ask, in a case of a rebellion where there are
a million people in arms against the United
States, what is the Constitution if there must
be a special pardon issued to each particular
individual by the President under the seal of
the State Department delivered to him, as
the Senator says, as his deed ? Here were
eight million people in rebellion, and accord-
ing to the idea of my friend before they could
be purged of their crime and receive the benefit
of the executive pardon provided for in the Con-
stitution, to every one of those eight million
people, or at least to every one of them who was
capable of aiding the rebellion, four or five mil-
lion in number, there must have been a solemn
parchment under the seal of the United States
delivered into his hands. I do not believe
that that is the true interpretation of the Con-
stitution at all.
I believe that there may be a general par-
don. I believe, as the Supreme Court of the
United States have said, that this executive
power of granting pardons is the same power
held by the executive of Great Britain; that
our fathers intended it to be the same; and as
general pardons have been known in England
from time immemorial, so there may be gen-
eral pardons here. Therefore, without argu-
ing it further, I wish to enter my dissent en-
tirely to the idea of the Senator from Vermont
that there can be no such thing as a general
pardon under the Constitution of the United
States, but that everybody must have his parch-
ment under the seal ready to explain, as he
would his deed to his land.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not stand by your
own authority. The Supreme Court decided
the other way, you remember.
Mr. THURMAN. I think not. But, Mr.
President, let us see further. What more has
the Supreme Court decided upon this subject?
They have decided that this power of the Pres-
ident to grant a pardon is a power that is not
in anywise subject to legislative control. In
what case did they decide that? They decided
it in Garland's case, 4 Wallace; and now let
me read a paragraph or two from the decision
of the court in that case:
/'The Constitution provides that the President
shall have powor to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses against the United States, exeopt in cases
oi impeachment. The power thus conferred is un-
limited, with the exception stated."
That is, cases of impeachment.
"It extends to every offense known to the law,
and may be exercised at any time after its commis-
sion, either before legal proceedings are taken or
during their pendency, or afterconviction and judg-
ment. This power of the President is not subject to
legislative control."
Mark that language.
" This power of the President is not subject to
legislative control. Congress can neither limit the
eliect oi his pardon nor exclude from its exerciso
any class ot offenders. The benign prerogative of
mercy reposed m him cannot bo fettered by any
legislative restrictions.
'* Such being the case, the inquiry arises as to the
effect and operation of a pardon, and on this point
all the authorities concur. A pardon reaches both
the punishment prescribed for the offense and the
guilt of the offender; and when the pardon is full,
it releases the punishnrent and blots out of exist-
ence the guilt, so that in the eye of the law the
oliender is as innocent as if he had never committed
the oflense. If granted before convictioii.it pre-
vents any of the penalties and disabilities conse-
quent upon conviction from attaching; if granted
afterconviction, it removes the penalties and disa-
bilities, and restores him to all his civil rights; it
makes him, as it wore, a new man, and gives him a
new credit and capacity.
There is only this limitation to it£ operation : it
does not restore offices forfeited, or propei ty or inter-
ests vested m others in eonsc«ucnce of the convic-
tion and judgment."
