1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
op and transmitted to the seat of government by the
returning officers, directed to the presiding officer
of the senate* who, during the first week of the ses-
sion, shall open and publish the same in the presence
of a majority of the members of the General Assem-
bly, the persons having the highest number of votes
shall be declared duly elected; but if two or more
shall be highest and equal in votes for the samo
office, one of them shall be chosen by the joint vote
of both houses. Contested elections for executive
officers shall be determined by both houses of the
General Assembly, in such manner as shall be pre-
scribed by law."
2. The said 18th day of November, 1872, was the
third Monday of that month.
The Hon* John P. Hubbard was the speakerof the
last house of representatives of the State of Ala-
bama, duly elected and qualified, and on the 18th
day of November, 1872, was in the undisputed pos-
session of that office.
By section sixteen, aticle five, of the constitution
of Alabama, the Lieutenant Governor is made the
president of the senate, as follows:
"Sec. 16. The Lieutenant Governor shall be presi-
dent of the senate, but shall vote only when the
senate is equally divided, and in case ot his absence
or impeachment, or when he shall exercise the
office of Governor, the senate shall choose a presi-
dent pro tempo re."
By section six, article four of the constitution of
Alabama, the president of the senate and speaker
of the house of representatives rem?in in office
until their successors are elected and qualified, as
follows:
"Sec. 6. The house of representatives, when
assembled, shall choose a speaker and its other offi-
cers; and the senate shall choose a president, in the
absence of the Lieutenant Governor, and its other
officers; each houseshall judgeof the qualifications,
election, and returns of its own members, but a
contested election shall be determined in sueh man-
ner as shall be directed by law. The president of
the senate and the speaker of the house of repre-
sentatives shall remain in office until their successors
are elected and qualified.
3. By article eight, of the constitution oSAlabama,
the house of representatives is declared to consist
of one hundred members, apportioned among, and
elected from, the counties of the State, as directed
in said article.
The senate consists of thirty-three members,
elected by the voters from the senatorial districts, as
directed in said article; and these two bodies con-
stitute the General Assembly of the State, and there-
in, by section one, of article four, of the constitution
is vested the legislative power of the State, as fol-
lows;
"Sec. 1. The legislative power of this State shall
be vested in a General Assembly, whieh shall con-
sist of a sen at p and house of representatives."
4. By act of the General Assembly of Alabama,
approved December 31,1868, entitled "An act to fix
the time of tho annual session of the General As-
sembly," the third Monday of November in each
year is declared to be the day for the annual assem-
bling of the General Assembly.
By section thirty-eight of the revised code of Ala-
bama, which was reenacted and continued in force
by an act approved July 29,1868, the General Assem-
bly is required to convene in thecity of Montgomery,
as follows:
*' The members of the General Assembly shall con-
vene in the city of Montgomery on the 1st day of
November in each year, unless that day be Sunday,
and if that day be Sunday, then on the next day
afterward*" *
This provision of the law was amended so asto
require the General Assembly to meet on the third
Monday of November, as before stated.
By act of the General Assembly of Alabama, ap-
proved 13th February, 1850, entitled "An act supple-
mental to an act making appropriations to establish
the State-house at Montgomery," and by the original
act approved 11th February, 1850, the State ot Ala-
bama provided for the erection of tho present ea-p-
itol, or State-house, at Montgomery, and the con-
struction therein of a hall of the nouse of represent-
atives and tho senate chamber, for the use of the
General Assembly of this State, and from the time
of the removal of the seat of government from Tus-
caloosa to Montgomery the two branches of the Gen-
eral Assembly have been accustomed to use, for the
purposes of their legislative sessions, the hall and
chamber provided for them in the capitol now in
use, and in that previously standing on the same
site; and no other ball or chamber in Montgomery
or elsewhere, except for a short period in 1849-50,
during a session of the Legislature, when, in conse-
quence of the destruction of the State-house by fire,
tho General Assmbly, by the concurrent action of the
two houses, held their sessions in another building
in Montgomery. Said acts are copied in paper No,
1, annexed to this memorial,
5. By act of the General Assembly of Alabama,
approved October 8,1868, entitled "An act to regu-
late elections in this State," it is provided (section
seven) that State senators shall be elected on the first
Tuesday after tbo fust Monday of November, 1872,
and every four years thereafter; in section six, that
representatives in the General Assembly shall be
elected on the fir.-t Tuesday after the first Monday
in November, 187u, and every two years thereafter.
Your memorialist respectfully calls the attention
ol the aeiuto u> the following additional provisions
of the said a,ot to resulato elections in Alabama:
"Sue. 33. B<- it further enacted, That one of tho
inspector.- must number each ballot with the same
number as the name of the voter on the poll-list.
and the ballot must then, without being opened or
examined, be deposited in the proper ballot*box,
"Seo. 34. Be it further enacted, That there shall
be no challenging of electors appearing to vote at
any election hereafter held in this State, and any
registered voter appearing to vote at any election
in thig State shall be allowed to do so withoutaues-
tion, challenge, or objection by any person j andany-
person who questions, challenges, or objeots or who.
unlawfully hinders or delays any person offering to
vote, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and  on con-
viction, shall be fined $500, and, on failure to pay
the same, shall be imprisoned in the county jail for
six months.
" Seo, 35. Beit further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the inspeetors of all elections in the election
precincts, immediately on the closing of the polls,
to count out the votes that have been polled, and,
after so doing, to promptly certify the poll-list, seal
up the boxes containing the ballots and poll-list,
and deliver them to the returning officer, who ghall
deliver such sealed boxes to the judge of probate
within forty-eight hours after they may be delivered
to him, and take a receipt from the judge of probate
for such sealed ballot-boxes.
"Sec. 30, Be it further enacted, That judges of pro-
bate, sheriffs, and clerks of the circuit court, or any
two of them of the several counr tes, are hereby con-
stituted a board of supervisors of elections in and
for their respective counties; and it shall be the
duty ot said board of supervisors to open, compare,
and count the ballots cast at all elections.
" Seo< 37. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the board of supervisors of elections, upon
good and sufficient evidence that fraud has been
perpetrated, or unlawful or wrongful means resorted
to to prevent electors iroin freely and fearlessly
casting their ballots, to reject such illegal or fraud-
ulent votes cast at any of such polling places, which
rejection, so made as aforesaid, shall be final, unless
appeal is taken within ten days to the probatecourt:
and in case of a tie for any county officer, the board
of supervisors shall decide.
44 Sec. 38. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the board of supervisors, within five days
from the date of receiving the sealed boxes and cer-
tificates of the number of votes east at each polling
place from the inspectors, to make certificates on
blanks furnished by the secretary of State, of the
exact number of votes cast in their county for each
person, stating the office such person is voted for,
and forward them, excepting for Governor, Lieuten-
ant Governor, secretary ot State, auditor, treasurer,
and attorney general, to the secretary of State, who
shall, after such returns have been duly examined
by the secretary of State, be filed as other public
papers required to be kept in his office, and shall be
subject to the inspection of any elector ot this
State.
" Sec. 39. Be it further enacted, That the board of
supervisors shall forward a certified return of elec-
tion for Governor, Lieutenant Governor, secretary
of State, auditor, treasurer, and attorney general, to
the presiding officer of the senate at least thirty days
before the time fixed for the meeting of the next
General Assembly.
" Sec. 40. Be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the presiding officer of the senate, within
five days after the assembling of the General Assem-
bly, in the presence of a majority of the members
of the General Assembly, to open the returns and
proclaim the result of such election, after which
they shall be filed in the office of secretary of State*
as required by section thirty-sevon of this act.
"Sec. 41. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the secretary of State to furnish from time
to time the board of county supervisors with all
neeessary blanks upon which to make election
returns,
44 Sec, 42. Be it further enacted, Thatitshallbe the
duty of the secretary of State to forward certificates
of election to such persons as may be ascertained to
be elected to any office in this State, addressed to
the board of supervisors, at the eourt-huuse of the
county in whieh such person returned as elected may
reside, within ten days after receiving such returns
of election from the supervising board of thecouutyj
and it shall be the duty of said board of supervisors
to forward said election certificates to the persons
entitled thereto."
6. In pursuance of the foregoing act, and on the
first Tuesday alter the first Monday in November,
1872, an election was held in ail the counties of Ala-
bama for State senators and members of the house
of representatives for the General Assembly of Ala-
bama, and certificates of election to rhese offices
were furnished by the secretary of State of Alabama
to certain persons, namely, one hundred representa-
tives and thirty-three senator?, aselecied, accordiug
to the returns of election for these offices made to him
by the proper boards of supervisors in the respective
counties and senatorial districts of the State, and on
file in his office. Said certificates were issued by tho
secretary of State, under and in accordance with
section forty-two of the act above copied, and were
by him sent to the said board of supervisors of the
respective counties and senatorial districts in the
State, and were by him delivered to the said persons
so certified as being elected members of the house
and of the Senate of said State.
7. On the 18th day, which was the third Monday
of November, 1872, eighteen persons, holding the
required certificates of election as seuators, duly
issued to them by the t?ocrutary of State, appeared
in the senate chamber in the oauitol, at Montgom-
ery, and at twelve o'clock noon were called to
order by LI* ""tenant Governor Moren, They ex-
hibited their sa-id certificates of election issued to
them by the secretary of State, and enrolled their
names as senators, and took the oaths of offioe in
due form, and proceeded to the election of pro tem-
pore officers, namely, secretary, assistant secretary,
and other officers. On the next day another senator
presented his certificate of eleotion, and enrolled
All of said senators took the. oath prescribed, by
article fifteen of the constitution before Hon.- J. Q*
Smith, one of the judges of the circuit court of the
State of Alabama. On the next day the Senate^ so
constituted, proceeded to elect its permanent officers,
all its proceedings being under the presidency of the
Hon. B. H. Moren, Lieutenant Governor of the State.
Said proceedings were had by a majority of tho
whole number required by the constitution to Con-
stitute a senate.
Section seven of article four of the constitution is
as follows?
"A majority of each house shall constitute a
quorum to do business, but a smaller number may
adjourn from day to day, and may compel the
attendance of absent members, in such manner and
under such penalties as each house may provide."
8. On said 18th day of November, 187% at the
hour of twelve o'clock m,, Hon. John P. Hubbard,
speaker of the last house of representatives, took
his seat at the speaker's desk in the hall of the
house of representatives in the capitol in Mont-
gomery, and called the house to order. Less than
one half of the one hundred persons of which a full
house consist appeared in their places. Those pres-
ent exhibited certificates of election to the house of
representatives, issued to them by the secretary of
State, as required by the act of 186S, enrolled them-
selves as members of said house, and adjourned
until the next day.
Pursuant to adjournment, the house met the next
day in the hall of the house of representatives, but
still less than one half of the whole number of mem-
bers appeared, though some additional members ap-
peared and presented their certificates of election,
issued to them by the seoretary of State,and enrolled
themselves as members of the house. An adjourn-
ment was then had to the next day.
On Wednesday, the 20th November, 1872* the house
was again called to order, when fifty-three members
appeared. Those who had not been previously en-
rolled presented their certificates of election, issued
to them by the secretary of State, and were enrolled.
All of said members so appearing and presenting
their certificates of election took the oath ol office
required by the constitution, the same oath being
administered to them as was administered to tiie
members of the senate, by Hon. J. Q. Smith, one of
the circuit judges of the State of Alabama. Tho
house of representatives, thus constituted and assem-
bled, then proceeded to the election of a speaker,
and Hon. !bewis H. Stone, holding a certificate of
election issued to him by the secretary of State as a
member of said house from the county of Pickens,
was chosen speaker of said house of representatives
of Alabama.
Ail of these proceedings of said house were taken
by it under the presidency of Hon. John P. Hub-
bard, the speaker of the last house of representatives,
who until then occupied the chair. Mr. Hubbard
then retired, and Mr. Speaker Stone assumed the
duties of the office.
The house then proceeded to the election of subor-
dinate officers, and so fully organized itself, as the
senate had previously done, under authority of
artiol© four, section six, of the constitution of Ala-
bama, which has been before set forth in this
memorial.
9. The two houses of the General Assembly mu-
tually informed eaeh other, by resolution communi-
cated from one to the other, of the time of their
respective organization.
During this time Hon. Robert B. Lindsay was Gov-
ernor of Alabama, and without dispute performed
ail the functions of that offiee.
The two houses of the General Acsembly having
thus organized, by joint resolution presented to the
Governor by a joint committee of the two houses,
notified his Excellency Robert B.Lindsay that they
were duly organized and were ready to receive any
communication from him which hemignt be pleased
to make.
To this communication the Governor of the State
replied that ho would communicate to the General
Assembly of Alabama on the morrow in writing.
On the next day, the 21st day of November, 1872,
the two houses met in their respective rooms in the
capitol, pursuant to their resolutions of adjourn-
ment, and while m session received a message from
the Governor, in writing, to the effect that he would
be unable on thai day to communicate to the Gen-
eral Assembly his annual message, but would do so
on the next day.
10. By section three, article five, of the constitution
of Alabama, above set forth, it is declared that the
returns of elections for Governor, Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, secretary of State, treasurer, and attorney
general shall be transmitted, sealed up, to the seat
of government, directed to the presiding officer ot
the senate, who, during the first week of tho session,
shali open and publish the same in the presence ot
a majority of tho members of tiie General Assembly.
On -the 20th day of November, 1872, the senate
passed a joint resolution that said election returns
should be opened and published m presence ol the
two houses, on Thursday, the 2lst of November, at
twelve m.
On the 21st of November, 1872, the house of repre-
sentatives amended said resolution and appointed
the hour of twelve m. of the 22d day of November for
