1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the numbers and pay of the Military Acad-
emy band.
The attention of Congress will be called
during ita present session to various enterprises
lor the more certain and cheaper transporta-
liou of the constantly increasing surplus of
western aud southern products to the Atlantic
seaboard. The subject is one that will force
itself upon the legislative branch of the Gov-
ern uieiit sooner or later, and i suggest, there-
tore, that immediate steps be taken to gain all
available information to insure equable and
just legislation.
One route to conuect the Mississippi valley
with the Atlantic, at Charleston, South Car-
olina, and Savannah, Georgia, by water, by
the way of the Ohio and Tennessee rivers, and
canals and slack-water navigation to the Savan-
nah and Ocmulgee rivers, has been surveyed,
and report made by an accomplished engineer
officer of the Army. Second aud third, new
routes will be proposed for the consideration
of Congress, namely, by an extension of the
Kanawha and James river canal to the Ohio,
and by extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal.
I am not prepared to recommend Govern-
ment aid to these or other enterprises until it
is clearly showu that they are not only of
national interest, but that when completed
they will be of a value commensurate with
their cost.
That production increases more rapidly than
the means of transportation in our country, has
been demonstrated by past experience; that
the unprecedented growth in population and
products of the whole country will require
additional facilities, and cheaper ones for the
more bulky articles of commerce to reach
tide-water and a market will be demanded in
the near future, is equally demonstrable. I
would therefore suggest either a committee or
a commission to be authorized to consider this
whole question, and to report to Congress at
some future day for its better guidance ^legis-
lating on this important subject.
lhe railroads of the country have been
rapiulv extended during the last few years to
meet the growing demands of producers, and
reflect much credit upon the capitalists and
managers engaged in their construction.
In addition to these, a project to facilitate
commerce by the building of a ship caual
around Niagara Falls on the United States
side, which has been agitated for many years,
will, no doubt, be called to your attention at
this session.
Looking to the great future growth of our
country, and the increasing demands of com-
merce, it might be well, while on this subject,
not only to have examined and reported upon
the various practicable routes for connecting
the Mississippi with tide-water on the Atlantic,
but the feasibility of an almost continuous
land-locked navigation from Maine to the
Gulf of Mexico. Such a route along our
coast would be of great value at all times, and
of inestimable value in case of a foreign war.
Nature has provided the greater part of this
route, and the obstacles to overcome are easily
within the skill of the engineer.
_ 1 have not alluded to this subject with the
view of having any further expenditure of
public money at this time than may be neces-
sary to procure and place all the necessary
information before Congress in an authentic
form, to enable it hereafter, if deemed prac-
ticable and worthy, to legislate on the subject
without delay.
xavy dkpabtmmt.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy,
herewith accompanying, explains fully the
condition of that branch of the public service,
its wants and deficiencies, expenses incurred
during the past year and appropriations for
the same. It also rives a complete history of
the services of the Navy for the past year, in
addition to its regular service.
It is evident that unless early steps are
taken to preserve our Navy, in a very few
years the Uuited States will be the weakest
nation, upon the ocean, of all great Powers.
With an energetic, progressive, business peo-
ple like ours, penetrating and forming business
relations with every part of the known world,
a navy strong enough to command the respect
of our flag abroad is necessary for the full
protection of their rights.
I recommend careful consideration by Con-
gress of the recommendations made by the
Secretary of the Navy.
fost opfick department.
The accompanying report of the Postmaster
General furnishes a full and satisfactory ex-
hibit of the operations of the Post Office
Department duriug the year. The ordinary
revenues of the Department for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 1872, amounted to $21,915,-
426 37, and the expenditures to $20,058,192 31.
Compared with the previous fiscal year the
increase of revenue was $1,878,380 95, or 9.37
per cent., and the increase of expenditures
$2,268,088 23, or 9.29 per cent. Adding to
the ordinary revenues the annual appropria-
tion of $700,000 for free matter, and the
amounts paid to the subsidized mail steamship
lines from special appropriations, the defi-
ciency paid out of the general Treasury was
$3,317,765 94, an excess of $389,707 28 over
the deficiency for the year 1871.
Other interesting statistical information relat-
ing to our rapidly extending postal service is
furnished in this report. The total length of
railroad mail routes on the 30th of June, 1872,
was 57,911 miles, 8,077 additional miles of
such service having been put into operation
during the year. Eight new lines of railway
post offices have been established with an
aggregate length of 2,909 miles.
The number of letters exchanged in the
mails with foreign countries was 24,362,500,
an increase of 4,066,502, or twenty per cent
over the number in 1871; and the postage
thereon amounted to $1,871,257 25. The total
weight of the mails exchanged with European
countries exceeded 820 tons. The cost of the
United States transatlantic mail steamship
service was $220,301 70. The total cost of
the United States ocean steamship service,
including the amounts paid to the subsidized
lines of mail steamers, was $1,027,020 97.
The following are the only bteamship lines
now receiving subsidies for mail service under
special acts of Congress: the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company receive $500,000 per
annum for conveying a monthly mail between
San Francisco, Japan and China, which will
be increased to $1,000,000 per annum for a
semi-monthly mail on and after October 1,
1873 ; the United States and Brazil Mail Steam'-
ship Company receive $150,000 per annum for
conveying a monthly mail between New York
and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and the Califor-
nia, Oregon, and Mexico Steamship Company
receive $75,000 per annum for conveying a
monthly mail between San Francisco and
Honolulu, (Hawaiian islands;) making the
total amount of mail steamship subsidies at
present $725,000 per annum.
Our postal communications with all parts
ef the civilized world have been placed upon a
most advantageous footing by the improved
postal conventions and arrangements recently
concluded with the leading commercial coun-
tries of Europe and America, and the gratify-
ing statement is made that with the conclusion
of a satisfactory convention with France, the
details of which have been definitely agreed to
by the head of the French postal department,
subject to the approval of the minister of
finance, little remains to be accomplished by
treaty for some time to come, with respect
either to reduction of rates or improved facili-
ties of postal intercourse.
Your favorable consideration is respectfully
invited to the recommendations made by the
Postmaster General for an increase of service
from monthly to semi-monthly trips on the
pail steamship route to Brazil; for a subsidy
in aid of the establishment of an American
line of mail Bteamers between San Francisco,
New Zealand, and Australia; for the estab-
lishment of post office savings banks, and for
the increase of the salaries of the heads of
bureaus. I have heretofore recommended the
abolition of the franking privilege, and see no
reason now for changing my views on that
subject. It not having been favorably regarded
by Congress, however, I now suggest a modi-
fication of that privilege to correct its glaring
and costly abuses. I would recommend also
the appointmentof a committee or commission
to take into consideration the best method
(equitable to private corporations who have
invested their time and capital in the establish-
lishment of telegraph lines) of acquiring the
title to all telegraph lines now in operation,
and of connecting this service with the postal
Bervice of the nation. It is not probable that
this subject could receive the proper considera-
tion during the limits of a short session-of Con-
gress, but it may be initiated, so that future
action may be fair to the Government aud to
private parties concerned.
There are but three lines of ocean steamers,
namely, the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
between San Francisco, China, and Japan,
with provision made for semi-monthly service
after October 1, 1873; the Uuited States and
Brazil line, monthly ; and the California, New
Zealand, and Australian '.ine, monthly, plying
between the United States and foreign ports,
and owned and operated under our flag. I
earnestly recommend that such liberal con-
tracts for carrying the mails be authorized
with these lines as will insure their continu-
; ance.
I If the expediency of extending the aid of
! Government to lines of steamers which hith-
: erto have not received it should be deemed
\ worthy of the consideration of Congress, polit-
ical and commercial objects make it advisable
j to bestow such aid on a line under our flag
' between Panama and the western South
American ports. By this means much trade
now diverted to other countries might be
, brought to us, to the mutual advantage of
| this country and those lying in that quarter
of the continent of America.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
will show an alarming falling ofl* iu our carry-
ing trade for the last ten or twelve years, and
even for the past year. I do not believe that
public treasure can be better expended, in the
interest of' the whole people, than iu trying •
to recover this trade. An expenditure of
$5,000,000 per annum for the next five years,
if it would restore to us our proportion of the
carrying trade of the world, would be profit-
ably expended.
The price of labor in Europe has bo much
enhanced within the last few years that the
cost of building aud operating ocean steamers
in the United States is not so much greater
than in Europe—that I believe the time has
arrived for Congress to take this subject into
serious consideration.
department op justice.
Detailed statements of the disbursements
through the Department of Justice will be fur-
nished by the report of the Attorney General,
and though thea§ have been somewhat increased
by the recent acts of Congress " to euforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of the Union," and " to
enforce the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,"
and the amendments thereto, I cannot ques-
tion the necessity and salutary effect of those
enactments. Reckless aud lawless men, 1
regret to say, have associated themselves to
gether in some localities to deprive other citi-
zens of those rights guarantied to them by tlin
Constitution of the United States, and to that
end have committed deeds of blood and vio-
lence; but the prosecution and punishment of
many of these persons have tended greatly to
