972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
place I am always ready to vindicate myself
and them to the best of my ability. I come to
the matter before us, which is of more im-
portance to the Senate.
The Senator says that the Supreme Court
has no authority to take money out of the
Treasury. Why, Mr. President, that is simply
an evasion of the real question. I did not
say that the Supreme Court had power to take
money out of the Treasury. I did not say that
tfce Supreme Court could decide this question
at all without any law authorizing it to decide
it. But is not that the case with nearly every-
thing the Supreme Court does decide ? What is
the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court?
Limited to two or three cases. Where does
the great bulk of its jurisdiction come from ?
From the law which gives it appellate jurisdic-
tion over the inferior courts established by
Congress. To say that it shall have no such
jurisdiction except as we see fit to delegate it,
is to say precisely what is true of every suit
that comes before that court by appeal,
although it is a suit between John Doe and
Richard Roe. The Senator, therefore, has
not answered me at all when he says that
court in this case had no power except such
as was delegated to it by Congress. How does
it get the power to review on error the pro-
ceedings in an action of ejectment between
John Doe and Richard Iioe? Simply because
we have delegated that power to it; we have
done it under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion ; and so with every other thing except the
very limited original jurisdiction possessed by
the court. So that is no answer at all.
How does the court get jurisdiction of this
case? It cannot get jurisdiction unless it is a
jurisdiction that may be conferred on it by the
Constitution. Well, the jurisdiction can be
conferred on it by the Constitution. The
court itself ha3 decided that yon cannot con-
fer upon it any original jurisdiction except
that which is conferred by the Constitution.
Therefore it has decided that you caunotmake
a member of that bench a mere commissioner
or auditing officer or impose on him any duty
whatever that is not judicial. It has again
decided that no judicial authority can be ex-
ercised by the Federal courts until a case is
made. How conies it to decide that? Under
the express provision of the Constitution
itself, which is that—
"Tho judicial power of the United States shall
bo vested m ono Supremo Court, and in such interior
couttsas tho Confess may bom time to time 01 (lain
ami establish."
That is section one of article three, and
then in section two it, is provided that—
"Tho judicial power shall extend to all cases in
Jaw and equity arising under this Constitution, tho
laws of tho United States, and treaties made or
which shall bo mado under their authoiity."
That is your Constitution. There must be
a case beloro the judicial power extends to it.
Very well, then. No matter how the case is
made, whether it is a case against the United
Staffs, or whether it is a ease between two in-
dividuals, when you have made a case which
arises under the Constitution or the laws of
the United Stales or under a treaty with a
foreign Power, that moment the judicial power
extends to that case, and it matters not in the
slightest degree whether it is a case in which the
United States is a party plaintiff or defendant,
or whether it is a ease between A B and C D.
Congress saw fit to provide a case, and an
inferior court, under the authority of the Con-
stitution, called the Court of Claims, to try
that ease; and that case must be one arising
under the Constitution or laws of the United
States; aud the moment that was done, the
moment that inferior court called the Court
of Claims was established and the law pro-
vided for a ease coming into that court arising
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, that moment the judicial power ex-
tended to that case; and when Congress saw
lit to give appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme
Court of that case from that inferior tribunal,
the Court of Claims, then, sir, it had just as
plenary and full power over that as over every
other case whatsoever that is to be found on
its calendar, and its decision is just as bind-
ing on Congress as would be its decision be-
tween A B and C D in reference to the
title to a tract of land—precisely the same.
When, therefore, I say that that decision binds
the consciences of Senators, as I did before,
I say nothing more than I say in reference
to any other decision of that court upon a
question that is not political in its character.
Now, the Senator does not answer me by
saying that the money is in the Treasury.
What difference does it make that the money
is in the Treasury and that it cannot be taken
out of the Treasury without an appropriation
by law? What difference does that make?
The Court of Claims is one of the inferior
courts provided for by the Constitution ; other-
wise you had no right to establish it. The fact
that an appeal lies from it to the Supreme
Court proves that it is one of the inferior
courts established pursuant to the Constitu-
tion. The Supreme Court has so held that it
is one of the inferior courts that Congress
could establish, and from which it could give
appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme Court.
When that is so, and you have provided a case
and given the Supreme Court appellate juris-
diction to hear and determine that case, you
give to the decision of the Supreme Court on
that case all the sanctions and require for it
all the obedience you do for any other decision
it can render.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Ilhodo Island [Mr. SpeacjueJ has moved to
reconsider the vote by which tho amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Moiuull] was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Fenton] is paired with my col-
league. If he were present he would vote
" yon," on this question, and my colleague
would vote " nay."
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. On this
question I am paired with the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] If he were here he
would vote "nay," and I should vote "yea."
Tho question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2!); nays 20 ; as follows :
Y1JAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Jiayard, Blair, Cftsserly,
Cooper. Davis (johlthwnite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Machcn,
Norwood, Pool. Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sohurz, iSpenecr, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
West-29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Came-
ron, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm,
Edmunds, FUiuKan, Frelinghuysen, Ilainlin, Har-
lan, Hitchcock. Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill ot Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Scott, Wilson, and Wright—26.
ABSENT—Messrs, Brownlow, Buckingham,Cald-
well, Clayton, Cole, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Uilbert, Lewis, Nyo, Osborn,
Pomcroy, Sherman, Spiague, Stewart, Sumner, and
Windom—18.
So the motion to reoonsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ak-
thony in the chair.) Thequestion now recurs
on the adoption of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Mobrill.]
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the vote just
taken seems to indicate that in the judgment
of the Senate the amendment now pending
cannot be defended. What 1 propose to say,
therefore, I beg to be regarded not as an at-
tempt to defend the amendment, but as an
attempt to defend myself. I voted against the
motion to reconsider. I propose, in spite of
the vote just taken, to vote for the amend-
ment; but that vote has been held up here as
a violation of the plighted faith of the Govern-
ment. I understand the Senator from Illinois,
I understand the Senator from Ohio to insist
that the amendment moved by the Senator
from Vermont^ is a proposition that violates
; the plighted faith of this Government; and if it
be so, those of us who are hardy enough to
vote for it declare our purpose to bo to violate
that plighted faith.
Now, Mr. President, if there is anything
left on the face of the earth which I mean to
hold in constant regard it is my own plighted
faith first, and the plighted faith of the Gov-
ernment second. I myself never have plighted
any faith, I know, which this amendment pro-
poses to disregard. I do not believe, in spite
of what has been said to the contrary, that
the Government ever plighted any such faith.
We are legislating touching the treatment of
judgments rendered in the Court of Claims,
a court purely the creation of the Legislature,
which we might or might not have created,
and creating we might have given to it just
such jurisdiction as we chose to give. We
have given to that court at different times and
under different acts jurisdiction of different
cases. Under the act of 1863 we gave to that
court jurisdiction to try the rights of partes
coming before it and insisting upon a right
to recover under what is known as the cap-
tured and abandoned property act. That
act briefly commanded that property in the
rebel districts which was captured during the
late civil war, or which during that war was
found abandoned by ita owners, no matter
who collected it, should be turned over to
agents of the Treasury Department and sold,
and the proceeds put into the Treasury of the
United States. But discriminating carefully
aud clearly between the two classes of persons
who were supposed to have been the owners
of that property, the act says that only those
who can establish the fact that they did not
render aid and comfort to the enemy during
the rebellion shall have a status in court. The
two great jurisdictional facts which every suitor
in that court under that act has to establish are,
first, that he owned the property which was
captured or which was found abandoned, and
secondly, that he did not render any aid or
comfort to the rebellion.
That was all the faith that was plighted by
that act. If any other faith was plighted by
any other act of the Government, it has been
by the several executive acts which have been
referred to and which are called pardons. A
great many and finally the whole of those who
had been engaged in the rebellion, who had
in fact rendered aid and comfort to the enemy,
received a pardon from the Executive. I be-
lieve annexed to the proclamation of pardon
was a clause giving restoration of rights of
property. That was annexed to some of the
pardons; 1 do not ltuow hut to all.
If this money which is in the Treasury of
the United States, the proceeds of property
sold under the act of 1863, is the property of
these parties, and was their property when
the pardon was issued, there is much ground
for asserting that our denying it to them,
whether we do it by an adverse judgment of
the courts or do it by an adverse act of the
Legislature, is a violation of the plighted faith
of the Government. So far as I understand
the doctrine of the majority of the Supreme
Court on this subject, they do seem to argue
that that money was still the property of those
who had owned the cotton aud other articles
from the sale of which it came.
The act of 1803 directed the officers into
whose possession this property came to sell
it. That was a legal command or it was an
illegal one, I take it. If it, was a legal com-
mand, then the sale of the property vested a
good title in the purchaser. If it vested a
good title in the purchaser, it must unques-
tionably have divested the title of the former
owner. I do understand that of necessity the
court must have held the sale to be legal and
the seizure to be legal, because from the
beginning to the end of the argument there
is not an intimation that the sale of the cot-
ton did not vest a good title in the purchaser.
Well, now, the cotton, or the tobacco, or what-
ever the commodity might have been, was the
