1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the opening and publishing said returns in the pres-
ence of the two houses. The senate concurred in
that change of time.
On the 22d of November, 1872, the two houses were
each assembled in their respective halls for atten-
tion to the business pending before them. At the
hour of twelve m. of that day they jointly convened,
in the hall of the house of representatives, in the
eapitol, when the lieutenant governor, as presiding
officer of the senate, proceeded to open and publish
the said election returns in the presence of the two
houses, a majority of the members of the General
Assembly being then present.
A partial opening only of said returns was made
on that day, and further proceeding therein was by
resolution of the joint convention of the two houses
of the General Assembly postponed till the next day.
Section seven, article five, of the constitution of
Alabama makes it the duty of the Governor of the
State to communicate at every session by message
to the General Assembly the condition of the State,
and to recommend such measures as he shall deem
expedient, as follows:
" He shall communicate at every session, by mes-
sage to the General Assembly, the condition of the
State, and recommend such measures as he shall
deem expedient/'
In accordance with this provision, and in pursu-
ance of a previous communication, heretofore men-
tioned, on Friday, the 22d day of November, 1872,
the Governor of Alabama sent to the General
Assembly of Alabama his annual message, and
furnished a copy of the same to each house of the
General Assembly. Said message was received by
said houses respectively, and ordered to be printed.
On Saturday, the 23d of November, 1872, the two
houses of the General Assembly, at the hour ap-
pointed, again assembled in the hall of the house,
when and where the presiding oflicer of the senate, in
their presence, completed the opening of the returns
for the election of Governor, Lieutenant Governor,
and other executive officers of the State ; and then
and there published and declared that the returns
established that Hon. David P. Lewis had received
the highest number of votes for Governor, and Hon.
Alexander McKinstry the highest number of votes
for Lieutenant Governor, at the election held on tho
Tuesday after the first Monday of November, 1872,
and they were declared elected to said offices.
Thereupon a committee Irom tho senate and the
house was directed by tho convention to be ap-
pointed to inform those gentlemen of their election,
and inquire when it would suit their pleasure to be
installed in their respective offices. A joint com-
mittee was accordingly raised, who did communi-
cate to them the resolution of the convention of the
two houses.
31. In the course of their duties as the Legislature
of Alabama, and before Governor Lewis had been
inducted into his office, thoGeneral Assembly passed
an act entitled "An act in relation to the board of
commissioners to improve the river, bay, and harbor
of Mobile;" and in regular course of procedure, and
in pursuance ol section sixteen, article four of the
constitution of Alabama, tho same was presented,
before his retiring from office, to Hon. Robert B.
Lindsay, the Governor of Alabama. Governor Lind-
say approved said act, and in obedience to tho con-
stitution signed tho same, and it has been placed as
a statute ol the Slato among its archives in the office
of the secretary of State.
12vOn tho 25th November, 1872, lion. Alexander
McKinstry having qualified as Lieutenant Governor
of Alabama, Hon. E. 11. Moron, on the expiration
of his office, retired from the presidency of the sen-
ate, and in the absenco of Lieutenant Governor Mo-
Kinstry, Hon. 11.11. Erwin, a senator from Wilcox
county, Alabama, was elected by the senate presi-
dentjpro tempore, in pursuance of section six, article
four, of tho constitution of Alabama, which is herein
above set forth.
Lieutenant Governor McKinstry was present at
Montgomery, tho seat of government of tho State,
during all the time after ho took the oath of office
as Lieutenant Governor, until after the loth day of
December, 1872, and although he had been cour-
teously notified ofhis election as Lieutenant Governor
by a committee of the senate, and requested to pre-
side over the senate, he did not appear in the senate
chamber at the eapitol, but absented himself there-
from until after said 10th day of December, and did
not during said period, as required by the constitu-
tion, assume the presidency ol the senate assembled
at the eapitol. At the time of the organization of
the General Assembly as aforesaid, fourteen seats in
the senate andlorty-seven in tho house of represent-
atives were vacant, no one appearing to occupy any
of them. No objection was made to persons entitled
to occupy said seats appearing and claiming them,
and persons holding certificates of election to these
seats, or to all but one of tbem, have since the 18th
of November, 1872, been at the seat of government,
but have declined to assume their seats m their
respective houses until after the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1872. Ono of said persons elected as a member
of the house of representatives, after said house was
so organized, appeared in said house before the 10th
of December, 1872, presented his certificate of elec-
tion, was enrolled, and took the oath of office, and
was seated, thereby increasing the number of mem-
bers in the house of representatives to fifty-four,
13. On the ^ 18th of Novemb or, 1872, a number of
these absenting members, instead of appearing at
the eapitol, by some previous secret agreement,
convened themselves in the court-room of the Uni-
ted States district court at Montgomery, a place not
in the control or under the direction of the officers
pf the State of Alabama, but under the control and
direction of officers of the United States, and with
which the State could not interfere.
At that place, and without notice to or the knowl-
edge of the other fifty-four members of the house,
and the other nineteen members of the senate, and
without the presence or the knowledge of lieuten-
ant Governor Moren, the lawful president of the
senate, and without the presence or knowledge of
Mr. Speaker Hubbard, the lawful speaker of the
house, these absentees from the eapitol formed
themselves into two bodies, claiming the one to be
the senate and the other the house of represent-
atives, and thus to form the General Assembly of
the State of Alabama.
14. In neither of these bodies has a majority of
persons holding certificates of election, as required
by law, to seats in the General .Assembly, ever ap-
peared. Those persons so assembled at the court-
room of the United States attempted to make a quo-
rum for themselves by declaring null and void the
certificates of election issued by the secretary of
State to and held by some gentlemen who were
enrolled in the General Assembly at the eapitol, and
there sworn in and seated as members, and this was
done without notice to the parties so attempted to be
unseated by them, and without the contest directed
by the act of 1868, heretofore referred to, and in con-
travention of law and the constitution of the State.
15. The body sitting in the United States court-
room appointed u committee to wait upon Governor
Lindsay and inform him that they were organized as
the General Assembly of the State of Alabama, and
were ready to receive any communication from him
as Governor.
Governor Lindsay addressed a note to that com-
mittee, and informed them that he could not recog-
nize the body of men who sent them as the General
Assembly of said State, but that the GeneralAssem-
bly of the State had been organized according to
law, and the two houses were then exercising their
proper functions in their respective chambers at the
eapitol.
16. Governor Lewis, after his induction into office,-
departed from this decision of his predecessor, which
bound the executive department of the State, and
by communication to a committee of the organiza-
tion occupying the United States court-room, de-
clared that he recognized it as the General Assem-
bly of Alabama, and by a communication to a joint
committoe from the General Assembly at the eapi-
tol, in whose presence and by whose sanction he had
been declared to be the legally-elected Governor ef
Alabama, and by whom he was informed of his elec-
tion to the position he now holds, he declared that
the General Assembly convened at the eapitol was
not the lawful General Assembly of Alabama.
In that communication Governor Lewis undertook
to pass upon and judge of the qualifications, elec-
tions. and returns of six gentlemen, members of the
house of representatives, who held certificates of
election issued to them by the Secretary of State
under the election law of 1868, and declared that
they were not lawful members of that hous«, and
that, because they were not such lawful members, a
quorum did not exist in that house; but that the
claimants of the seats of these six gentlemen, who
had not received certificates of election, were the
duly qualified members of tho house of representa-
tives, and authorized to take their seats therein, and
that, by consequence of those last six having united
with the assemblage at the United States court-room,
it had a majority of tho members elect, and was the
legal houso of representatives of the State of Ala-
bama, and it, and the Senate associated with it,
formed tho General Assembly of Alabama.
17. There is no law or provision ofany statutoof
Alabama which authorizes the Governor to pass upon
the right ofany member to his seat in either house
of the General Assembly, On the contrary, any right
or authority of his to undertake to pass such judg-
ment upon the right of any member to his seat is
excluded, as well by the provisions of section six of
article four of the constitution of Alabama, above set
forth, as by the provision of article three of the con-
stitution of Alabama, which is as follows:
44 Skc.1. Thepowersofthegovernmentof theState
of Alabama shall be divided into three distinct
departments, each of which shall be confided to a
separate body of magistracy, to wit, those which
are legislative to one, those which are executive to
another, and those which are judicial to another.
" Sec. 2. No person or collection of persons, being
of one of those departments, shall exercise any
power properly belonging to either of the others,
except in the instances hereinafter expressly directed
and permitted." ^
If the recognition by the executive departmentof
tho State government of Alabama can have any
material effect on tho legality of the bodies consti-
tuting the General Assembly, that recognition was
distinctly given by several acts as above stated, per-
formed by Governor Lindsay, the then incumbent
of the chief executive office, in pursuance of his
constitutional duties; and thereafter no incumbent
of the said office could recall or revoke such recog-
nition, or, by his refusalto continue to recognize the
General Assembly, change the legal effect of that
which had been accomplished by the acts of his pre-
decessor in office.
18. Your memorialist further statesthat, up to the
time when the election for Senator of the United
States for Alabama was held by the General Assem-
bly, at the eapitol, as hereinbefore mentioned, no
contest had been instituted by any elector of the
State of Alabama or by any claimant of any seat in
either house of the General Assembly occupied by
the persons holding certificates of election thereto,
nor had notice been given by any person of the pur-
pose to institute a contest in any form under tho
election laws of Alabama, in reference to any of
the said seats, nor had any other proceeding been
taken to revoke or annul any certificate of election
which the secretary of State had issued to any of the
persons who composed the General Assembly which
convened at the eapitol.
19. Your memorialist was not a candidato before the
General Assembly of Alabama for election as Sena-
tor of the United States at the time he was so elected,
and was not present when the vote was taken that
resulted in his election, but he states, upon inform-
ation which he believes to be true, that the recitals
in the certificate of his election above set forth are
full and true statements of the action of the General
Assembly of Alabama, convened at the eapitol, in
Montgomery, in relation to the facts attending such
election, and of the declaration of the result thereof
Your memorialist possesses the requisite qualifica-
tions as to age and citizenship, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to render him eligible as a
Senator of the United States for the State of Ala-
bama, and he has accepted the office so conferred
upon him by the General Assembly of the State of
Alabama.
20. His excellency David P. Lewis, the present
Governor of Alabama, withholds his signature to the
certificate of election in favor of your petitioner,
and the secretary of State withholds his attestation
thereof, by his signature and the seal of the State,
on the ground that the body, under the authority
of whose action said certificate was issued, was not
the lawful General Assembly of the State of Ala-
bama at the time said election was held.
Your memorialist alleges that the General Assem-
bly of Alabama, then sitting at the eapitol, at Mont-
gomery, was the lawful General Assembly of Ala-
bama, duly convened in pursuance of the constitu-
tion, and vested with the authority of the legisla-
tive depaitment of said State; and that> on thelOth
day of December, 1872, said General Assembly had
full authority under the constitution, and by law,
to elect a Senator of the United States for the State
of Alabama, and did then regularly proceed to hold
such election, and deelare the result thereof, at the
place fixed by the statute law of Alabama, as fol-
lows :
All elections by the General Assembly are to be as
follows:
1. On the day and hour appointed for the election
the members of both houses must assemble in the
representative hall.
2. The names of the members of each house are to
be called by their respective clerks, each member
voting viva voce as his name is called.—jRevised Gode
of Alabama, p. 103, sec. 39.
The election of petitioner was held at the hour
fixed by the said law, and by the act of Congress
regulating the election of Senators, and in the rep-
resentative hall at the eapitol, in Montgomery, in
the State of Alabama, the place fixed by the law,
and established by the uniform and unbroken usage
of the General Assembly of Alabama as the place of
meeting of the house of representatives, and the
place where the members of both houses of the
General Assembly have uniformly heretofore assem-
bled, in joint convention, to conduct, and decide,
and declare all elections to offices which are filled
by a vote by such members. Said statute has never
been repealed or modified by the General Assembly
of Alabama, and was in full force when said election
was held, and the result declared on the 10th day of
December, 1872. The election of your memorialist
was in all respects conducted in accordance with the
statute law of Alabama and the act of Congress
regulating the election of Senators of the United
States.
21. Your memorialist is informed that the certifi-
cate issued by Governor Lewis to the Hon. George
E. Spencer, relating to his election as a Senator of
the United States from Alabama, contains a state-
mentthatthesaid Hon. George E. Spencer was duly
elected to said office by the votes of the members of
the General Assembly of Alabama, in General Assem-
bly convened, and that under such election he is
entitled to hold the office of Senator of the United
States for the State of Alabama, for the term to
commence on the 4th day of March, 1873.
Your memorialist avers that any recitals or state-
men rs in said cerlificate to the contrary notwith-
standing, the said alleged election of the Hon.
George E. Spencer was not held by the General
Assembly of the State of Alabama, neither was the
same held at the place prescribed by the laws of
Alabama, but was held in the court-room of the
district court of the United States in the city of
Montgomery, which was not the representative hall
mentioned in the statute above set forth.
The election mentioned in said certificate was held
by persons, some of whom held certificates of elec-
tion from the secretary of State of Alabama, as
members of tho house of representatives, and as
senators from some of the counties and districts of
theState,and was participated in by other persons,
some of whom claimed to be clccted as members of
the General Assembly, but held no certificate of elec-
tion issued inconformity with law ; and the persons
participating in said election, who held certificates
of election from the secretary of State, were less in
number than a majority of all the members required
by the constitution of Alabama to constitute the
house of representatives and senate, and less in
number than a majority of the whole number of the
members of either house, required by the constitu-
tion of Alabama as a quorum authorized to do busi-
ness; and said persons, without lawful authority or
excuse, having abstained from presenting them-
selves in the respective houses of the Genera^
