974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mr. THURMAN, (at four o'clock and thirty-
three minutes p. to.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding a proviso which I send to the
Chair.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, Thatthetime in which such claims may
be presented is to be extended for twelve months
from the passage of this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to lay
the proposed amendment to the amendment
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves to lay the amendment to
the amendment on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. Can that be done?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can under
the thirtieth rule.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask whether the Senator
offering the amendment has not the floor upon
the amendment before another Senator can
take it from him?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rose see-
ing the Senator from Mississippi in his seat.
Mr. ALCORN. It is true that I remained
in my seat until the amendment was read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
thought the Senator from Mississippi had
yielded the floor, and therefore assigned it
to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. ALCORN. I did not intend to yield
the floor, nor did I intend to inflict a speech
on the Senate. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will be heard.
-The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator offering a proposition always holds the
floor till it is reported to the Senate. The
Chair therefore assigns the floor to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi.
Mr. ALCORN. The amendment to the
amendment is certainly offered in good faith.
Look, sir, at the condition in which the claim-
ants to whom this amendment refers stand
to-day. The country was not aware what the
decision would be, as a matier of course, until
after that decision was had. It was not until
the. adjudication of the Supreme Court upon
these points was had, that the people were
acquainted with the fact that their claims would
be entertained, that they could find a place in
the courts. It was generally supposed tliat
they would be ruled out of court at once upon
their failure to make proof of loyalty. The
amendmentofthe Senatorfrora Vermoutlooks
not to the rejection of the claims of those per-
sons who are shown to have been disloyal. It
looks to the recognition of those claims and
bringing the adjudication before Congress.
There stand outside of these vigilant claimants
the less vigilant, the less able, the poorer class
of people who have not had a hearing for the
reason that the statute of limitations had
barred them before the decision of the Supreme
Court had disclosed to them the fact that they
were entitled to be heard in that court.
Now all we ask is that a year may be given
to let those who stand behind have the same
privilege and the same right to be heard with
those who have already been heard ; in other
words, that the Government of the United Slates
will not plead the statute of limitations upon the
poorer class of people, those who are less in-
formed, those who were notable to bring their
suits because they were broken down at the close
of the war, and many of them were not able
to bring their suits within the time limited,
even though they had known that they could
be heard. All we ask now is, if you pass this
amendment, to remove the statute of limita-
tions and give time for them to come into the
court.
Mi. CONKLING. Mr. President, if the
people for whom my honorable friend from
Mississippi speaks had not been so very busy
otherwise, if they had been devoting their
time like innocent peisons to knowing what
their rights were, they would not have found
any such lack of time as seems to afflict them.
Therefore, I think the proposition of the hon-
orable Senator is without merit; but be that
as it may, it is a separate, independent prop-
osition. It does not belong here. It was
introduced as a separate bill in this body, and
I believe I may say without impropriety in-
troduced into the other House also. At any
rate it came to the Judiciary Committee of
this body, and was reported back by that
committee this morning adversely, and so
stands upon the Calendar, the -Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Pool,] having asked that
it should be placed upon the Calendar. There-
fore, my honorable friend will have an oppor-
tunity to act upon that, to vote upon it, and
secure the action of the Senate upon it.
It so happens most fortunately that at this
moment, or rather at that moment when w«
voted upon laying on the table the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, the Senate was
very full; and I hope we shall improve the
opportunity to determine this other question
now before us, which I conceive to be a
very important one, whether men who have
drenched this land in blood and buried it in
taxes are to come here upon the pretense of
somebody that plighted faith, or the judgment
of a court, or something else, required ns to
sit by and see the Treasury robbed, and be
permitted to take from it the avails of that
cotton which was, as it ought to have been,
confiscated according to the rules of all civil-
ized people.
In order that we may avail ourselves of a
full Senate to pass upon that question, I make
a motion to remove this other suggestion from
the way, which motion is that this amendment
to the amendment lie upon the table.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President  
Mr. EDMUNDS. No debate is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order. The Senator from New York
moves to lay the pending amendment on the
table.
Mr. BAYARD. Is not, that debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to move
to lay an amendment to an amendment on
the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is under
the thirtieth rulo clearly, in the opinion of the
Chair, and has been so decided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To lay an amendment
to an amendment on the table? The thirtieth
rule does not say that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
reads:
"Any pending amendment to a general appropri-
ation bill may be laid on the table without affecting
tho bill."
An amendment to an amendment is cer-
tainly an amendment, and such has been the
uniform ruling of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would strike me that
this is an amendment to an amendment and
not to the bill. It is perfecting the amend-
ment, and then the question is whether it shall
go on to the bill. I shall not appeal if it has
been settled.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been determined
fifty times.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fifty times have
not been within my observation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would feel great distrust in interposing his
judgment against that of the Senator from
Illinois, but for the fact that the uniform
ruling of the Senate, as the Chair is advised,
has been that such a motion as this is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion to lay on the table the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
to the amendment of the Senator from Vei-
mont.
The question being put, a division was
called for ; and the ayes were thirty-two.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] is paired with the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Browstlow] on all ques-
tions connected with this proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I have paired with the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole. Conk-
ling, Corbctt, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan. Frclinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin. Harlan,
llitchcoek, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Scott, Sprague, Windom, and "Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Cooper,
D.ivis, (ioldtlnvaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Maolicn, Norwood,
Pool, Ransom, Rice. Robertson. S.mJsbury, Sawyer
Schura, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman
Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, and West—27.
ABSENT —Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hill, Loivis,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, and
"Wilson—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
laid on the table.
Mr. ALCORN. I offer an amendment in
the second line of the amendment; after the
words "in favor of" to strike out the words
"any claimant " and inserf " L. Q.C. Lamar
so that it will read :
That in rendering any judgment in favor of L. Q.
C. Lamar, under the act of March 12, 18&-{, the said
court shall find the amount due, &c.
It has been stated, I believe, that it was on
account of the injustice that is about to be
done to the Government by this judgment or
supposed judgment in favor of L. Q. C.
Lamar 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is one instance only.
Mr. ALCORN. Are there others ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. A good many.
Mr. ALCORN. We haveheard none others
mentioned, and I was endeavoring to relieve
the minds of Senators upon the point of this
great wrong that is about to be perpetrated.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me, I should like to relieve L. Q. C. Lamar
from the injustice he is doing him. I under-
stand the Lamar referred to here to be a very
different person from Lucips Q. C. Lamar.
Mr. ALCORN. I will state to the Senator
that this is not my friend Lucius Q. C. Lamar,
of Mississippi. I understand that this is the
claim of a Mr. Lamar, of Georgia.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary I have
the autograph signature of the Lamar referred
to, and it is not Lucius Q. C. Lamar at all.
Mr. ALCORN. Being corrected, and I stand
corrected by the honorable Senator in that
respect, for I do not know this Mr. Lamar, I
will change my amendment accordingly. I
have never seen this Mr. Lamar in my life, and
I do not know what his initials are. I only
go upon the information of others, and I was
assured that this Was his name by a friend
across the way. I ask to have the initials cor-
rected then. It should be " Gassaway," in-
stead of " Lucius Q. C." Lamar. That I am
told is his name, and I suppose the autograph
that the Senator has before him corresponds
with that.
Mr. CONKLING. This is signed " G." I
have no reason to doubt but that it is Gallo-
way, however.
Mr. ALCORN. I do not know what it is ;
but I am told that it is Gassaway. I desire to
exclude this gentleman from the benefits that
might otherwise accrue to him, and thereby
relieve the country and the Senate of that fear
which to-day rests upon the Senate that a great
wrong will be done to the Government if this
amendment should not pass.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to lay the amend-
ment to the amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
