1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
975
Mr. TRUMBULL. As something has been
said about violating the faith of the nation in
adopting this amendment, and as the opinions
of persons not engaged in a controversy are
often listened to with greater consideration by
the public than the opinions of those who took
part in it, and being expressed at other times
and when there is no excitement are entitled
to great weight, and especially when those
opinions come from persons for whom we have
the highest respect and in whose judgment the
great mass of the community confide, I desire
to bring to the notice of the Senate the opin-
ions of one who I am sure those Senators who
have announced here that they would not be
guilty of a violation of the public faith respect
in the highest degree.
After the passage of the law of 1862, which
authorized the President " at any time there-
after, by proclamation, to extend to persons
who may have participated in the existing re-
bellion, in any State or part thereof, pardon
and amnesty, with such exceptions and at such
time and on such conditions as he may deem
expedient for the public welfare," proclama-
tion was issued, as was shown in the early part
of this debate, by President Lincoln. The
Supreme Court, in speaking of this law, say :
" The suggestion of pardon by Congress, for such
it was, rather than authority, remained unacted on
for more than a year. At length, however, on the
8th of December, 1863, the President issued a proc-
lamation"—
That was President Lincoln, I will state for
the benefit of thesenior Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmukds,] not believing myself it would
make any difference whether he issued it or any
other President—
" The President issued a proclamation in which
he referred to that act, a.nd offered a. full pardon,
with restoration of all rights of property except as
to slaves and property in which rights of third per-
sons had intervened, to all, with some exceptions,
who, having been engaged in the rebellion as actual
participants, or as aiders or abettors, would take
and keep inviolate a prescribed oath."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are the excep-
tions ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are lengthy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are they not important?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think they are
important to this discussion at all.
"By this oath the person seeking to avail himself
of the offered pardon was required to promise that
he would thenceforth support the Constitution of
the United States and the union of the States there-
under, and would also abide by and support all acts
of Congress and all proclamations of the President
in reference to slaves, unless the same should be
modified or rendered void by the decision of this
court." .
" In his annual message, transmitted to Congress
on the same day "—
that was in 1863—
" the President
Again I stop to remark that it was President
Lincoln—
"said"—
This now is from the President's message—
" ' the Constitution authorizes the Executive to grant
or withhold pardon at his own absolute discretion.
He asserted his power ' tci grant it on terms as fully
established,' and explained tho reasons which in-
duced him to require applicants for pardon and
restoration of property to take the oath prescribed
in these words: ' Laws'"—
'I read now the language of President Lin-
coln in his message to Congress—
"'Liws and proclamations were enacted and put
forth tor the purpose of aiding in the suppression of
the rebellion. To give them their fullest etteCL there
h.id to bo a pledge for their maintenance. In my
judgment they have aided, and will further aid, the
cause lor which they were intended. Tu now aban-
don them would not only be to relinquish a lever oi
power, but would also be a cruel and astounding
breach of faith.' * * * 'For these and
other reasons it is thought best that support of these
measures shall be included in the oath, and it is
believed the Executive may lawfully claim it m
return for pardon aud restoration of forfeited rights.
which he has clear constitutional power to withhold
altogether, or grant upon .the terms which he shall
deem wisest for the public interest.'"
It was the view of President Lincoln, at a
time when this question was not up,, that it
would be "an astounding breach of faitlr to
depaii from the condition"! which had been
extended to these people by his proclama-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
bu$lII6SS
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NYE. I am paired with the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton.] If he were
present, I presume he would vote in favor of
this motion, and I should vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casferly, Cooper,
Davis. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, John-
ston, Kelly, Machen, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Robertson, Sauisbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer,
Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, and West—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin. Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Prelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Scott. Wmdom, and Wright—30.
ABS1SNT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Fen ton. Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of
Texas. Hill, Lewis, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, in the course
of this debate no word has fallen that was more
welcome to my ear than that which came from
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmtjxds,]
when, in reply to some remarks of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] he said, as I
understood him, that in the present and in the
future there was to be no more discussion of
questions here between the opposite sides in
this Chamber having relation to the past as
connected with the civil war. I welcomed
that remark, especially from that Senator, and
it was with regret that. I found his suggestion
and counsel were not followed by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conklixg.] It is true
that the remark was addressed to the Senator
from Ohio, but not to bim alone, but to those
whom the Senator from Vermont termed his
political associates; and he spoke of lhe past
and of the supposed sympathy of the party to
which the Senator from Ohio and his political
associate's belong with the people of the South.
As one of those political associates, I do not
shrink from such a statement, for I, as an
American Senator, am glad to believe that I
have by my votes, and by my utterances in this
Chamber since the close of the war, led every
man in the South to believe he had here a
friend who was disposed to recognize him as
his equal and his brother before the American
Constitution and the American Government;
and until the day shall come that those dif-
ferences are discarded, there will not be that
union that will make us a strong and happy
people. If any vote of mine has tended to
turn him who was a southern foe into a south-
ern friend, I rejoice over the vote, and I shall
be glad that it shall pass on my record as an
American Senator, that I have tended to re-
store amity between my countrymen, and to
make them all feel that they are citizens of
one and a common country which in duty, in
honor, aud in affection, all are bound to up-
hold.
Mr. President, I do not propose at this late
hour of the session, or at this session at all,
to discuss anew the constitutional law or the
law of Congress relating to this question of
controlling the Court of Claims in their
judgments. The question before the Senate
is no new question. It is here an old question
in a new dress. At three sessions of Congress
has this question been brought up. At three
sessions of Congress has it been contested at
length and with ability. All that should prop-
erly be said bearing upon the questions of
law has been said, and I do not propose to
repeat it.
One year ago, after the Supreme Court of
the United States had in the most emphatic
and decided manner passed upon the attempt
by the Congress of the United States to invade
the presidential prerogative of pardon and re-
prieve, after they had decided the measure
passed by Congress to be without warrant in the
Constitution, t was in hopes that the question
would rest. But, sir, there is an insubordination
of feeling in Congress against that coordinate
branch of our Government, which by the pe-
culiar constitution of our Government is made
equal to any other branch, and which is placed
beyond the reach and control of Congress—a
peculiarity, and a fortunate one, in our con-
stitution of Government.
There is, I say, a disposition to circumvent
or to destroy any judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States that does not seem
to be according to the will and pleasure of the
majority of either House of Congress. That
disposition of what I term insubordination is
a thing which I regret to see. But for the
feeling expressed in Congress the judgment
of the Supreme Court on the subject of the
legal power of Congress to issue legal-tender
notes would to day have been the law of the
land and accepted by all. If there had been
proper subordination to the decisions of the
Supreme Court, in my opinion this attempt
would not now be made for the third time to
fritter away and destroy the natural and neces-
sary results of the executive power of pardon.
The case to my mind is simply this: the
Constitution has given to the President of the
United States, and to him alone, exclusive
power to pardon and reprieve for all offenses
against the United States except in cases of
impeachment. There is no limitation. He
and he alone shall have power of pardon for
all offenses except in cases of impeachment.
He may pardon with exceptions; he may par-
don upon conditions. If in his discretion he
pardons one conditionally, it seems to me
plain that not Congress, nor forty Congresses,
can add one line or one letter to the effect of
the pardon which he has granted. With him
is the power; with him is the sole responsi-
bility, and Congress cannot whittle away his
powers ; it cannot fritter away his powers ; it
cannot detract from the effect of a pardon as
the Supieme Court have judicially declared it.
There is no doubt as to what the extent of
the pardon is. It makes the man who offended
before as white as snow. It places him as
though the offense had never been committed ;
and any act of Congress that tends in any de-
gree to render that pardon less efficient is an
assault to that degree upon the presidential
prerogative and upon the Constitution of the
United States.
Is it not plain that this measure, repeated
now for the third time, varying its clothing,
but with its body and its substance and intent
the same on each occasion, is intended to
punish men in some degree who have commit-
ted offenses against the United States for
which they have been pardoned, and there-
fore, in the eye of the law, are held to be as
perfectly innocent as though the offense had
never been committed? Is it not plain that
here you are, indirectly, under the guise of
controlling the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, to declare that certain citizens of the
United States shall not have equal standing
in that court with other citizens of the United
States standing upon the same basis as to their
grounds of claim? The Court of Claims ad-
mits citizens of the United States, and not
foreigners, to sue the Government of the
United States in cases of implied or express
contract, and also in cases where the proceeds
of their property captured or abandoned have
found their way into the Treasury and ther0
await the lawful claim of their owner.
