1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1935
after^ the 4th of Marph ; but unless this pro-
hibition is repealed it will not be possible for
the Senateto m:ike any such provision. I iuu
in hopes w© shall pasa a law for publishing the
congressional Rebates before we adjourn, but
failing in that, we certainly want to hare it in
the .po wer of the Senate out of its contingent
fund to keep up the record of debates.
Mr. SHERMAN, That is precisely the
object of the amendment I propose to offer, as
follows:
And until otherwise provided the Congressional
Globe shall be printed at the Government Printing
Office, under the direction of the Committee on
Printing,
I wish simply to prevent the continuation of
the present system until we legislate upon it,
and let the Government Printing Office do the
work until some other law is passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to amend the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think the
honorable Senator from Ohio does not pre-
cisely understand the reason of the amendment
of the committee. It does not in anywise, if I
understand it, affect the public printing at all.
It only proposes to repeal a limitation put upon
the authority of Congress of the joint Com-
mittee on Public Printing in regard to future
contracts.
It has no reference to whether the Globe
office shall have the publication of the debates,
or whether it shall be given to any of the bid-
ders who have made proposals therefor. This
has nothing whatever to do with anything ift
the past; it has nothing to do with the pro-
posed contract now before this body for con-
sideration | but it just proposes to repeal a
limitation on the authority of the committee;
and unless this limitation is repealed in case we
should happen to make no contract, there will
be no power residing anywhere tp make pro-
vision for the publication of the debates dur-
ing the short session. I think therefore the
amendment of the Committee on Appropri-
ations is proper without the addition of the
proposition of the honorable Senator fronr
Ohio. That he can present at any time.
But so far as my knowledge of parliament-
ary law extends, I think his amendment is
obnoxious to what is commonly denominated
the Anthony rule, because it ia legislation,
and if nobody objects to it upon that ground,
I shall. Whether the original amendment of
the committee is obnoxious to the same objec-
tion I do not pretend to say. It is, however,
reported with the bijl; and if any gentleman
thiuks proper to" take exception to it he
may.
I certainly do except to the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, because J regard it as a
plain violation of the Anthony rule. But my
idea of our practice is this, that amendments
proposed by individual gentlemen outside of
the committee are the last. I want to pass
upon the bill and amendments proposed by the
committee; and when we get through with
them, any amendment can be offered by any
other gentleman in this body, and can be en-
tertained if it be in order. As I understand,
that is the usual mode of proceeding in this
body upon appropriation bills. If the honora-
ble Senator will just let that course be pursued
we can go through the bill, and then he can
offer bis independent amendment and it can
be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand precisely
what lam about in this matter, and I want the
Senate to understand it also. The Congres-
sional Globe has been continued for years after
the contract expired, simply by the terms of
the law which authorized the Committee on
Printing to continue the publication.
Let me suggest another thing: the Senator
from Maryland now raises the point that my
amendment is not in order. If that be so, it ia
perfectly clear that the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations is not
in order, and if he raises the point on my
amendment I will raise the point on the
amendment of the Committee on. Appropria-
tions. The Committee on . Appropriations
have no more right to. report legislative pro-
visions than the Committee on Finance or ;u>y
Senator, because the rule excludes all amend-
ments, by whoever offered, that are legislative;
and therefore I raise the point of order that
this is not an amendment within the rule; it
is a legislative provision, and it does not re-
late to any money herein appropriated. . I
raise that point of order, which will exclude
the original amendment for the present, I
think. But I think we ought to put on this
bill some provision about printing the Con-
gressional Globe. I make the point of order
that the original amendment is not in order,
Mr. ANTHONY, I respectfully submit
that the Senator raises his point of order too
late. This was reported yesterday,
Mr. SHERMAN, How could I raise it
then?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator should have
reserved the point of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. How could I ?
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment was re-
ported yesterday with the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill was not then
printed with the amendments, and I did not
know what was in it. This was the first tinje-I
saw the provision. Atany rate, I cqn. raise the
point at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair must
be allowed to dissent in regard, that, because
the language of the rule is "no amendment to
any such bill making legislative provisions other
than such as directly relate to the appropria-
tions contained in the bill shall be received."
Unquestionably these amendmeutsof the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were "received"
yesterday, though they were not read in full.
They were then "received" by the Senate,
and no point was made upon them so far as
the recollection of the Chair is concerned.
Mr. SHERMAN, How was it possible for
us to know what the Committee on Appropria-
tions reported? They might report amend-
ments repealing every law on the statute-book.
The VICE PRESIDENT- The Senator
from Ohio has the right, as every Senator has,
to demand that everything which is reported
shall be read in full, and it is nominally .read in
full, although substantially it is pot so done.
The Chair, however, will submit this question
to the Senate. The Chair understood, yester-
day, that the Senator from Ohio^ and others
suggested that this was the appropriate place to
move amendments in regard to the printing
contract, and that seemed to receive the quasi
assent of the Senate. The Senate can construe
their own rules. The Senator from Ohio now
makes a point of order against the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to its
coming in if it is open to amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the point of order to the Senate,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. There
was no assent to that understanding, allow
me to remark. It may have been the under-
standing of some Senators, or the impression
of the Chair, but I know that I was here on
my feet ready to object, but something inter-
posed at the time, and no question was put
on any such understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was no
dissent expressed. It was stated by several
Senators ; the Senator from New York, the
Senator from Rhode Island, the Senator from
California, and the Senator trom Ohio, if the
Chair remembers right, that this bill would be
an appropriate place to insert legislation
under the rule in regard to the public printing,
and that therefore the Senator from Rhode
Island need not press his bill. The Chair will
add that, as the Senator from Maryland has
correctly stated, the understanding was not
submitted so as to bind the Senate absolutely;
but there was no dissent to the view expressed,
and the Chany in view of that" fact, will now
submit, the onestkm of order, to the Senate. ■ ►
_ ■ Mr. ANTHOifY. I do/rtot want to enter
into the discussion of,the point .of order, or-tp
rake any point, or insist on any against the
committee having charge of the .bill-; but I her
lieve that the Senator from Vermont, [Me.
Eomusos,] who is momentarily ant. of, the
Chamber, did reserve all points of order on. the
bill when it-was reported yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The . present
occupant was not in the chair at that, time- .
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I recollect.
. Mr. SHERMAN. If so, that settles it..
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President,- the fact
is undoubtedly so.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the. Senator allow
me one word?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. In listening with all my
best attention, I have not been able to hear
anything that passed since the Senator from
Rhode Island rose ; but as it seems yesterday
it was considered that some sort of proposition
in regard to the amendments of this bill with
respect to the proposed contract were assented
to, I would like that whatever is said in regard
to the same subject or any.other of this nature
should be said so that we may all hear;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
unfortunate iu not making the Senator from
California hear what he stated, though he
thought he spoke in quite an ;audible voice.
He stated distinctly to the Senator from Mary-
land that the understanding spoken of was not
.assented to, but was spoken of by four Sena-
tors, and, that no dissent therefrom was ex-
pressed, and .that the Senator from Rhode
Island did not press his bill on account of this
quasi assent.
This being the condition of the case, the
Chair stated that he would submit the point
of order to the Senate, and the Senate will
decide for itself whether this amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations is in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont did reserye all points of order in regard
to this amendment. So I am imformed.
Mr. COLE. I do not intend to discuss at
any length the point of order raised; but it
may be within the recollection of Senators that
the rule adopted last year was intended to
meet a difficulty in the dispostionof the appro-
priation bills. We know that it has been eus-
tomary for many years past to attach to them
other propositions than those which legiti-
mately belonged to that sort of bill, what are
generally termed legislative propositions.
Measures that could not be passed otherwise
were attached to the appropriation bills, and
thus dragged through. The custom became
altogether too common and general for Sen-
ators to wait until the appropriation bills were
up, and then to offer as amendments legisla-
tive propositions. The rule adopted was in-
tended to meet that difficulty; and hence I
think this particular language was used: "And
no amendment to any such bill, making legis-
lative provisions other than such as directly
relate to the appropriations contained in the
bill, shall be received; "Shall be received,"
as it is interpreted by some, "in opeaSenate,"
"shall be received" at the time it is offered
to an appropriation bill, and that if so offered
it will be subject to the olgection of any Sen-
ator under this rule. It has been interpreted
by some as applying to amendments proposed
in open Senate, and the language that they
shall not be received would seem certainly to
go to some length in vindication of that view.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish, as I said,
to discuss any point of order; and although
all points of order were reserved on this bill,
I ask if the Senator from Ohio, after having
discussed the amendment and after the Chair
had received an amendment to the amendment,
can now object to the reception of the orignal
amendment which he has been discussing?
