1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The amendment which the Senator from
Ohio proposes opens a very great question;
that is, how the Congressional Globe shall be
printed. We have invited proposals. Although
we were not instructed to make a contract,
and although the Government reserved the
right to reject all bids, still we have invited
proposals, and one man who has a sufficient
establishment to print the debates and will
give an abundant bond for the faithful perform-
ance of his contract, has made the lowest
bid, and the Committee on Printing have
recommended that he shall have the work. I
thiuk he ought to have it. The amendment
to the amendment, which the Senator from
Ohio proposes, throws aside that proposition
and makes an entire change in the mode of
publishing the Globe. That may be a good
change ; it may be desirable to do it; but is it
best to discuss it here and now ? The proviso
reported by the committee certainly ought to
pass, because if we fail to make a contract,
which I hope we shall not, we shall be utterly
powerless even to report our own debates.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have had some knowl-
edge in regard to the printing of the Congres-
sional Globe. I appeal to Senators: if you put
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Appropriations it is precisely the mode by
which the Congressional Globe has been con-
tinued year after year, and year after year, and
year after year. The Senator himself admits
that but for this clause that is now to be re-
pealed, you would be compelled, from the
necessity of the case, to go on and continue
the present arrangement. Here we have a bid
from a responsible party that will save us one
hundred thousand dollars a year, or there-
abouts.
Mr. HAMLIN. It will not save one dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is alleged that it will
save that much ; and the statement laid on our
table by the gentlemen who print the Con-
gressional Globe now admits that it will save
a large sum of money. When we have de-
nounced officers of the Government for refus-
ing to give contracts to the lowest bidder, can
we now refuse ourselves to save a large sum
of money by giving this contract to the lowest
bidder?
But there may be some question as to
whether it is politic for us to give this printing
to any private party. It is objected on the part
of several Senators that it is not wise to give
the printing of the debates in Congress to the
publisher of a newspaper, especially one who
is publishing a party newspaper. Under the
circumstances, when some gentlemen make
objection to the publication of the debates by
a party newspaper, and when it appears from
ihe official documents laid upon our table
that the printing of the debates at our Gov-
ernment Printing Office, where we have an
organized machinery adequate to the work,
will not cost to exceed $9,000 more than the
bid made by Mr. Murtagh, 1 think we had
better adopt the amendment I offered. My
own judgmentand preference would be to give
this contract to the lowest bidder on the gen-
eral principle and rule of law which requires
all executive officers to do the same in regard
to any contracts that are given out by them.
But pending the controversy, and lest we may
not have any provision for the publication of
the debates, I propose that their printing
shall be turned over to the Congressional
Printer. Let us try that. It is certain that
the Congressional Printer can do this work
about as cheaply as a private person can. It
is very certain that if a private person under-
takes to do it at a loss he will demand extra pay
or throw up the contract, and we never did
enforce a contract where a party threw it up
under those circumstances. The idea of look-
ing to the bond under those circumstances as a
guarantee is perfectly futile.
The Senator from Rhode Island says we
must make temporary provision for the pub-
lication of the debates. Well, how shall we do
it? Shall we continue as a temporary ar-
rangement the present contract which costs us
in the neighborhood of $100,000 a year more
than a publisher proposes to do the work for ?
If you continue it for a single day you commit
yourself to continue it in all time, and we
ought not to do it.
The proposition I submit is simply that until
otherwise provided by law the publication
of the debates of Congress shall be turned over
to the Congressional Printing Office, where all
our other printing is done. At the next ses-
sion of Congress if we find that there is any
difficulty in the printing being done there, we
shall have no trouble in passing a law to meet
the case. But we shall have an extra session
of the Senate commencing next week. We
shall have very little to do then ; the open
debates of the Senate will be very little. We
can try without any difficulty the Congres-
sional Printer for the few days of that short
session, and then at the next session of Con-
gress we can try the Congressional Printer for
a time and see whether or not the debates can
be printed there.
Besides, if you make a contract with either
of these private parties, your power over the
management of the preparation of the debates
and the reporting of them is entirely lost. The
Congressional Globe is now a large mass of
matter, more than one half of which is utterly
worthless. My friend from California [Mr.
Casserly] tells me that more than one half
the Congressional Globe is utterly worthless.
They will print two columns in the Daily
Globe of our debates of half an hour as to the
order of business. In the name of Heaven, of
what use is that to posterity? If the debates
are printed by private parties at so much per
thousand ems, as I believe they count, it is to
the interest of those private parties always to
swell the volume of the debates, to print utterly
useless matter, covering up the wheat in the
Globe so that it is very difficult to find it. It
is almost impossible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator's
time has expired.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to have my
amendment put in form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has power to modify his amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose I may have as
long a five minutes as the gentleman who pre
ceded me. If the Chair will limit me by the
same clock that has iimited him, I shall be
content. [Laughter.]
I am surprised at the Senator's statement
that there is useless matter printed in the Con-
gressional Globe. Are useless words ever
uttered here? I know of no Senator who is
willing to admit that he utters words that are
useless, and that are not valuable, both to the
Senate and to the country. But if the Senator
from Ohio be right in his assumption, I affirm
that the publishers of the Globe are in no way
responsible for it. You have made a contract
in explicit terms with them ; they are comply-
ing only with their contract in publishing all
that transpires in these Halls. Now, if you
want a censor of our debates, if you want an
individual to limit Senators—and I should be
very glad, for one, if we could have some
proper limitation upon the words that are
uttered here—then you must make a contract
in that way ; but do not complain of the pub-
lishers of the Globe when they are only and
simply executing their contract.
Mr. President, I have had perhaps a little
more experience than many of the Senators
here, and my experience is that it is wise to
be contented and satisfied with doing well.
More men in this life are wrecked upon not
being contented with doing well, and desiring
to do better, than in almost any other way.
Why, sir, how many times have we made con
tracts with the lowest bidder for work like this,
and what has been the result? Years ago
Congress used to elect a Public Printer, who
did the printing at fixed specific prices. Nearly
thirty years ago that system was changed, and
the work given out to the lowest bidder. The
first bidders under that system were Wendell
& Van Benthuysen, who did the work in an
inferior manner and yet presented a claim for
extra compensation because the contract price
was not sufficient to pay the expense of doing
the work. Then Father Ritchie, the editor
of the Union, at that time the Democratic
organ here, took a contract at low prices as
the lowest bidder ; and I well remember the
repeated efforts which were finally successful,
as such efforts usually are in bodies like these,
to obtain for Father Ritchie additional com-
pensation on account of alleged losses under
his contract because of the low rates fixed by
it. The history of the printing contracts of
Ritchie & Heiss, of Cornelius Wendell, of
Robert Armstrong, and of Beverly Tucker, is
substantially the same. All put in bids at
very low prices so as to underbid others, and
then having secured the contract claimed and
received extra allowances to make up their
alleged losses.
That was our experience in regard to the
public printing under the contract system be-
fore we established the Congressional Printing
Office. Those contracts did not include the
debates. What has been our experience in
that regard? The Senate at one time made a
contract with Dr. Houston to report its de-
bates ; but before the end of the very first ses-
sion at which he undertook the work the Sen-
ate paid him several thousand dollars to get rid
of him and abrogated his contract. Then we
contracted with Thomas Ritchieand with Gales
& Seaton for our debates, but those contracts
were not performed in an altogether satisfac-
tory manner, and finally the whole work of
reporting and printing our debates was con-
fided to the Congressional Globe office, estab-
lished by the late John C. Rives, which has
done the work for many many years to the
entire satisfaction of Congress.
I assume of course that there is no Sen
ator here who desires to contract with any
mechanic or individual, especially in a matter
of this importance, without paying him a fair
and just compensation. If you do otherwise,
you are only insuring that he come back and
importune you, and you will pay him for the
same reason that a certain lady married a gen
tleman, to get rid of him. [Laughter.] You
will be so importuned here, "in season and out
of season," that you will be sure to do it. The
equities of the case will be presented and you
cannot resist them.
Now I take the estimates of your Public
Printer for this work, and I assume that they
are just and fair; he is a man who understands
his business; and what does he tell you? He
tells yon that the net cost of doing this work,
in round numbers, is about $230,000 for the
period covered by the calculations submitted
to us in the report of the Committee on Print-
ing. The Globe publishers, now having au
arrangement with you, propose to do it as it
has been carried on for $234,000, the differ-
ence being a sum entirely insignificant when
you take into account the manner in which the
work has been done. I affirm that no such
corps of reporters can be found in this coun-
try as have had the charge of the reporting for
this body under the publishers of the Globe.
It is not in my judgment wise to change that
which is working so well; but I have not time
now to discuss this question as 1 would be
very glad to do. There is one other thing that
I want to suggest. We know that after the
1st of July public documents are not to be
transmitted through the mails free of postage.
What are you to do with the eighty-five sets
of Congressional Globes we get, running from
two to five or six volumes at a session? This
mode of meeting this question is not adequate
to the occasion. We want to go further; we
want to cut deeper; we want to stop the print-
