1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
by the Senator from Illinois, and the point of
order is in time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdrew my point of
order on the ground that I could offer my
amendment as an amendment to the proposi-
tion of the committee. Senators need not
delude themselves with the idea that it is not
perfectly competent for me to offer any amend-
ment to this clause as a substitute or addition
if the original amendment is held to be in
order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not raise the
point of order. I only wanted to get the
record right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will reiterate what he stated before. The Sen-
ator from Ohio made the point of order upon
the admissibility of the pending amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations. The
Vice President submitted that point of order
to the Senate, pending which discussion oc-
curred, when the Senator from Ohio proposed
to modify or amend the amendment, and stated
that if 110 objection was raised to the admissi-
bility of his amendment to the amendment, he
would withdraw his objection to the admissi-
bility of the pending amendment reported by
the Committee on Appropriations. The Chair
heard no objection, and therefore concluded
that the Senate had accepted the admissibility
of the amendment, and hence the Chair stated
to the Senator from Illinois that he was too
late in making the point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was not under-
stood. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now, as it
is stated that the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio includes the subject-matter of the
pending amendment, the Chair to solve the
difficulty will submit the question to the Sen-
ate on both amendments whether they are in
order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I will say
that when the Senator from Ohio offered his
amendment in the first instance, I took excep-
tion to it that it was not in order, and there-
upon he took exception to the clause reported
in the bill; and so matters remained until the
honorable Senator, after discussing all the
matters that had been under discussion for
some tinnd, withdrew his point of order and
offered his amendment again. I did not
understand that the unanimous consent of the
Senate at the time was to be had on that ques-
tion, for the honorable Senator will bear me
witness that, the moment he submitted this
same amendment to the original clause I raised
the question of order upon it. Thereupon he
withdrew the amendment and raised the ques-
tion of order upon the original clause, and so
things remained until the present period of
time. However, the Cbair has determined to
submit it to the Senate, and that is all 1 ask.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will first submit the question 011 the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations;
or, if there be no objection, the Chair will sub-
mit both questions at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will withdraw my
amendment for the present, and if the Senate
hold that the amendment offered by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations is in order, as a
matter of course i can offer mine as an amend-
ment to it. There is no question about that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraws his amendment, and
the question recurs on the admissibility of the
amendment reported from the Committee on
Appropriations, which the Chair will submit
to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Without detaining the
Senate a moment, I wish to make one observa-
tion in to reply the Senator from Ohio. If he
is right, the rule is a mere rope of sand, because
first a committee can circumvent it by report-
ing as they please. Some Senator suggests
that the rule does not apply to what a com-
mittee may do, but only to an amendment
offered in session; and when the committee
has outwitted the rule, then, hinging an amend-
ment upon that, every Senator may offer every-
thing he pleases by way of substitute or other-
wise. If that is true, the rule is not worth the
paper on which it is written.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say, as a matter of
course, that the Committee on Appropriations
have no more right to report legislative amend-
ments than the Senator or myself.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I hope my friend
will go with me and rule it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, it is all out
of order. There is no question about that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the
amendment of the committee be received as
in order?
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and there were—ayes fifteen.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the rule be
read.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the division of the
Senate be completed. I suppose no Senator
has a right to interrupt that. Fifteen voted in
the affirmative. Let us see what the nega-
tive is.
Mr. HILL. I will ask 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain any debate pending the count.
Ten Senators voted in the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us divide again.
Do not let us be taking the yeas and nays all
day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the rule be
read.
Mr. HILL. I ask that the amendment be
reported after the rule is read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
and the amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The rule is as follows:
" Resolved, That during the present session it shall
foe in order at any time to move a recess, and, pend-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confine debate
on amendments thereto to five minutes by any Sena-
tor on the pending motion, and such motions shall be
decided without debate; and no amendment to any
such bill making legislative provisions, other than
such as directly relate to the appropriations con-
tained in the bill, shall be received; and no special
order shall be made during this session."
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not pretended that
this clause relates to any appropriation in the
bill.
Mr. SCOTT. As a matter of information,
as I am not familiar with the details of this
bill, I ask the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to point out to which appro-
priation in the bill this amendment directly
relates
Mr. SHERMAN. He cannot do it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will answer the Sen-
ator. This bill contains some twenty appro-
priations for the expenditures of the several
Departments. These include various items of
printing. The bill contains also an appropri-
ation for the Supreme Court, which likewise
includes printing required for records and
other matter required in that department of
the Government. The subject of printing is
therefore largely provided lor in this bill. An
examination of its provisions will show that a
million is appropriated on the twenty-seventh
line of the bill to the expenditures of Con-
gress, which includes in part the congressional
printing done at the Government Printing
House. How can it be claimed that the amend-
ment in question directly is not in order? It
pertains to the printing of the Globe, and un-
less the Anthony rule is to become a mere rope
of sand, to be broken whenever the dominant
majority will it, no doubt would seem to exist
upon the subject. Recent precedents clearly
establish it. The Senate must be consistent.
Its construction of this rule must be just,
uniform, and consistent. But the other day,
during the discussion of the Army appropria-
tion bill, an amendment was offered to that
bill proposing to repeal the organisation of
the Army. The amendment sought the repeal
of existing law, and proposed no appropri-
ation whatever. The Senator [Mr. West]
having the bill in charge sought to exclude the
amendment as clearly out of order. The Pre-
siding Officer [Mr. Ferry] ruled the amend-
ment to be in order, from which an appeal
was promptly taken. My impression now is
that the honorable Senator from Ohio upon
that occasion voted to sustain the decision of
the Chair. Most certain it is that the decision
of the Chair was sustained by a very large
majority of the Senate and the amendment
held to be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend alludes to
me, I will say to the Senator that I have
always voted to restrict the rule, and in the
case to which he refers, I have no doubt that
my vote is recorded to restrict the rule to the
nq nrAWiiQf liinit
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the Senator
will find that his name is not so recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may not have been here.
I am not sure about that.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now let us adhere to
that construction. Let us not construe the
rule one way to-day and in another way to-
morrow. If the majority of the Senate can
allow themselves thus to alternate the Anthony
rule becomes a mere trap to inveigle ; a party
machine to carry out party behests of an ever
varyfng, shifting standard. If the true con-
struction of the rule allowed the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] when the Army
appropriation bill was pending, to offer an
amendment repealing an old law touching the
organization of the regular Army, how much
more pertinent, and in order, is the amend-
ment adopted by the Committee on Appropri-
ations repealing the restriction of the former
act upon the publication of the Congressional
Globe to a bill making appropriations for the
public printing of all blanks required by the
various Departments of the Government, and
providing therefor?
I submit to the Senate whether there can be
a doubt that the amendment which the Sena-
tor seeks to rule out as not in order is much
more germane to the pending bill than the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Ames] to the Army appro
priation bill. The ruling of the Chair having
been sustained by his party friends on that
occasion over my protest, I am at a loss to
understand on what pretext the pending
amendment can be decided to be out of order.
If the Senator from Ohio will look at tne
pending bill from line fourteen to line thirty-
three, he will perceive that it makes various
appropriations for the printing of the Depart-
ments and of Congress, and printing being the
subject for which the appropriation is pro-
vided clearly by every past precedent and by
continuous previous rulings of the Chair, any
amendment touching the printing of the Con-
gressional debates is clearly in order, and the
Committee on Appropriations possesses the
undoubted right to adopt an amendment
repealing a restriction in an existing law
forbidding the printing of these debates after
a specified date.
Mr. CONKLING. The argument of the
Senator from Kentucky, if it is sound, proves
anything under this rule, and the shortest way
is to dispense with the rule altogether. Here
stands, in this bill, an appropriation for print-
ing in the Supreme Court, for Congress, for
the Court of Claims, and so on. Here stands
on the statute book an act more than a year
old which prescribes that the debates in this
body shall be reported and published under
contract, and then concludes with these words:
And provided further, That no debates shall be re-
ported or published at public expense, after the
close 01 the present Congress, except upon written
contract entered into therefor under the authority
of Congreas.
So that we have an existing general law
providing the mode and the manner in which
the debates of Congress may be reported and
