1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
colleague on the committee, that the amend-
ment presented by the Committee on Appro-
priations is in order; that there is on the pre-
ceding page of the bill, and preceding the
amendment on this page, enough substance to
make this amendmentrin my judgment, clearly
in order. The amendment was put on at the
suggestion of a committee of this body, for the
purpose of avoiding a possible dilemma of
being unable to effect a contract before the end
of the session. Such a thing might possibly
occur. We have seen already by the debates
this morning that there is a good deal of feel-
ing on this subject, and that it must lead to
discussion. I think the Senate ought to sus-
tain the committee in putting on this amend-
ment, which is merely intended, in connection
with the appropriations in the bill, to avoid a
dilemma which will be a very serious one if it
should arise.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should have voted
against putting this amendment in this bill but
for the ruling of the Chair, and the ruling of
the Senate sustaining his decision, on the 25th
day of February, 1873. We then had the Army
appropriation bill under consideration. I read
from the Globe what occurred on that occa-
" Mr. Ames. I move to amend the bill by insert-
ing after the word * dollars,'in line twenty-five, on
page 2, tbe following:
' Provided, That so much of sections three and
four of an act entitled 'An act to increase and fix
the. military peace establishment of the United
States,'approved July 28,1866, as requires colored
men who may wish to serve their country as soldiers
to thus sqrve in a certain limited number of organ-
izations be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
"Sec.—. Thatall regimental and company organ-
izations of the Army, and all other branches of the
military service, shall be, and the same are hereby,
open alike to all American citizens without regard
to race or color.
" Sec. —. That it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of War to proceed, at as early a day as prac-
ticable,to obliterate, by assignments and transfers,
all d stinctions which may now exist between the
organizations of the Army on aocount of race or
color.
" Sec. —. That the number of colored men en-
listed as soldiers in the Army shall at no time be
less than the maximum number now allowed by law
for two regiments of cavalry and two regiments of
infantry."
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. West,]
who had charge of the bill, raised'a point of
order upon the amendment. That led to a
debate. Now, I beg the attention of the Sen-
ator from New York for a single moment:
"Mr. Cosklinq. Now, I should like to know to
what part of the bill this amendment is propobed,
" The Presiding Officer. The amendment is to
come in alter the word 'dollars,'in line twenty-
five, on page 2.
"Mr. Conkling. And the amendment in general
terms, as I understand it, provides about the organ-
ization of the Army.
" The Presiding Officer. It relates to the com-
position of the Army, and this clause of the bill re-
lates to the pay, the composition regulating the pay
of the Army. The Chair has ruled the amendment
in order, from which decision an appeal has been
taken, and the pending motion is to lay the appeal
on the table."
Then came the debate. I agree with my
honorable friend from New York that the
amendment was out of order. A motion was
made by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmuxdsj to lay that appeal on the table, and
the appeal was laid on the table, and the
decision of the Chair sustained by a vote of
22 to 19. Now, Mr. President, we have before
us the general subject of an appropriation of
millions of dollars for printing, and it is simply
proposed to repeal a provision in the old act
in relation to the printing of the Globe. If
that former decision of the Chair be right, I
insist that this amendment is in order, and I
could do nothing else than to vote to put it on
the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Upon looking at the
record which the Senator cites, I find that the
Chair did in that ease, as he supposes, hold
the amendment in order, upon the ground that
it related "to the composition of the Army,
and this clause of the bill relates to the pay,
the composition regulating the pay of the
Army." Upon that ground, the Chair held
that under the previous ruling of the Senate
the amendment was in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My first im-
pression on this question of order was against
it, but it was not well considered at all. I am
now satisfied on an examination of the sub-
ject that the amendment is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very important for
us to get along, and I would rather withdraw
my point of order. As a matter of course, if
the amendment of the committee is in order,
my amendment is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not conceded.
I do not concede it at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask the decision
of the Senate, because if they decide that this
amendment is in order, as a matter of course
mine is in order, or I can easily modify it so
as to make it in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
one word on the question of order. On reflec-
tion my judgment is that the amendment is in
order, and I will state in a few words w-hy.
The bill provides " for the public printing, for
the public binding, and for paper for the pub-
lic binding, $2,000,000." Then further on,
on the same page, it specifies what this public
printing shall be, and in that is the " printing
of Congress, $1,000,000." Now, what is .the
printing of Congress? The debates of Con-
gress; that is printing. What is this amend-
ment ? The amendment is to regulate, to pro-
vide for that printing, for the execution of it.
Here is the money appropriated for the pur-
pose. Now how shall it be executed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, this bill does not
appropriate for printing the congressional
debates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg my friend's
pardon. He says it is not for the congres-
sional printing. It is for all the printing of
the Government, as the Senator will see.
Mr. SHERMAN. The public printing and
binding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And for both
Houses of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. That done at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What does
Congress print? All its debates of course.
That is what we are in the habit of doing.
Now this amendment is to execute what is
here provided for, and it is for this reason :
that as the law now stands at the end of this
session there will be no provision of law by
which these debates can be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg my friend's pardon.
There is an express provision by which they
can be printed, and it is by contract. The
act says so in so many words, and the restric-
tion is merely as to other modes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the answer
to that is that if no contract can be made
except by the consent and approval of Con-
gress, without this amendmeut there is no
provision on the subject. To-day there is no
provision on the subject, and whether there
shall be a provision or not depends upon the
contingency of making a contract, and that
contingency depends upon the approval of
Congress. There being an appropriation here
for the printing, and there being no mode by
which that printing can be done, this proposi-
tion is germane, because it provides for that
fact, and it provides for it by repealing the act
to which the Senator refers, that no printing
shall be done except by contract, and as that
has not been done it becomes necessary to
meet this emergency. I think, therefore, the
amendment is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will par-
don me, I ask him whether this does not fol-
low : if there was a statute imposing penalties
for committing fraud in these bids, it would be
in order to repeal that statute, because that
would relate, just as he supposes, to this ap-
propriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, I think not.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
this point of order, the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] asks that the amendment, be re-
ported.
The Chief Cletkread the amendment, which
was on page 2, line thirty-three, after the word
" printer," to insert the following :
And the last proviso to the act providing for print-
ing and reporting the debates in Congress, approved
April 2,1872, is hereby repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Shall this amendment be received
under the rule known as the Anthony rule ? "
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to ask a question
for information. If that amendment shall be
taken out of the bill under the point of order,
cannot the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, which clearly is then admissible by the
rule, be inserted ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is another ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will rule on that question when it arises. He
cannot make a ruling in advance.
The question being put; the amendment was
decided to be iii order—ayes twenty-seven,
noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I offer my amend-
ment as an amendment to the amendment, and
it is clearly in order, because it relates to the
identical appropriation made for the Govern-
ment Printing Office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is in order,
dobtless.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to insert at the end
of the amendment reported by the committee,
as a proviso or qualification—
Provided, That until a contract is made in accord-
ance with the said act, the debates shall be printed
by the Congressional Printer under the direction of
the joint Committee on Public Printing on the part
of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order on that amendment. It is not in order
because it provides a system of printing for
which there is no provision in the bill. It lets
out a contract for printing the debates of Con-
gress which has no connection with the amend-
ment to which this is proposed as an amend-
ment. If the Senator from Ohio is right, that
where there is any appropriation concerned and
when one amendment is admitted to an appro-
priation bill you may amend that amendment
by anything you please, then, as has been well
said, the rule amounts to nothing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me read the law.
The amendment before us is from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and it proposes to
repeal a portion of the law of 1872, in these
words :
" That no debates shall be reported or published at
public expense, after the close of the present Con-
gress, except upon written contracts entered into
therefor, under the authority of Congress."
It has been held to be in order by the Senate
to repeal those words, and I propose to add
that until a contract is made the work shall be
done at the Government Printing Office, and
the money appropriated by this very clause is
for the identical work provided for in my pro-
viso. _ I do not see how there can be any
question of order about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
this amendment to the amendment, the Sen-
ator from Illinois raises a question of order on
its reception. The Chair will also submit this
question to the Senate as it is so intimately
connected with the other.
Mr. COLE. I will call attention to the dis-
tinction between this and the other proposition.
The one makes a new contract in effect,
whereas the other relates to the disposition of
the appropriation that is made in the bill. 1
find, in looking at the legislative appropriation
bill, that the congressional printing is not pro-
vided for in that bill, and must be put in here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, is the amendment to the amendment in
order, under the Anthonyrule?
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say in a single
