980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
something further to say in reference to this
matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] wishes to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. WILL ARD. I will yield to him afterward.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. The gen-
tleman from Vermont has yielded to me.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say one
word in answer to what has fallen from the
gentleman from Connecticut. I beg to say,
from information I have and from statements
made to me by members of Congress from the
South, that there is not a single man who
fought in the war of 1812 who did not always
cling to our old flag; that there is not a single
surviving soldier of the war of 1812 who does
not love it still; and although their sons went
into the rebellion, yet they themselves never
gave up their attachment to the old flag. To
be sure, sometimes when their sons did well in
battle they felt proud of them, but, as I have
already stated, scarcely a ease exists of a single
soldier on our pension-list of the war of 1812
who was disloyal in thought or in act, or who
gave aid and comfort or did anything which
detracted from the glory of the old flag under
which they fought with Jackson at New Orleans
and at other places.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in order to prevent any
further trouble 
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. The gen-
tleman from Vermont has yielded to me and
not to the gentleman from New York, and I
should rather take my time now and let him
come in afterward.
Mr. COX. Before; sitting down, I desire to
indicate an amendment which I should like to
propose. fo this bill, and that is, that no appli-
cation under this act shall be refused to any
of these surviving soldiers of the war of 1812
or neglected by reason of any other test than
that of actual service. That is a comprehen-
sive amendment and will save all trouble. It
will save all trouble about interpretation at
tbe Department. It is too late now to apply
tests to the surviving soldiers of the war of
1812.
Mr. IIAWLEY, of Connecticut. Actual
service, where? In aid of the rebellion?
Mr. COX. In the Army, of course.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. In the
rebellion, or in the war of 1812?
Mr. COX. The law fixes that.
Mr. IIAWLEY, of Connecticut. I am glad
to hear from the gentleman from New York
that in all probability there was not a single
veteran of the war of 1812 who took part in
the late rebellion. I am rejoiced to heir it,
to hear his declaration on that point. 1 hope
the facts are so. If it be so, then there
can be no possible objection to keeping up the
rule we have already established, for it will
not take a dollar from any soldier of the war
of 1812. But, as a matter of principle I prefer
tne statutes of the United States should say
that the traitor shall not be pensioned. It
will not. cost anything to say it in this ease, as
the gentleman admits, to the great glory of
those old soldiers. I say, then, I prefer to
keep the laws as they are. If any soldier of
that war of 1812 has forgotten his allegiance,
forgotten his gratitude to his country, was so
foolish and so criminal—so foolish as to be led
away by the associates about him into the war
of the rebellion—I do not wish to hang him,
for we have abandoned hanging as a punish-
ment for a crime of that kind; Ido not wish to
confiscate his property, for we have abandoned
that; I do not wish to exclude him from the
ballot-box, for we have also abandoned that;
I do not wish to hurt him in person or in
goods; I would have him live freely and hap-
pily in this land; but I would allow him to
suffer so much of the penalty he broughtupon
himself as to leave him off the pension-roll.
1 am not malignant in these things; I wish to
be generous. But there are some limits to
what some gentlemen call forbearance in this
matter. I am so unfortunate as still to believe
that the rebellion was a crime, a great crime.
And while I do not hate the men and would
shake hands with all who have laid down their
arms in spirit as well as in fact; while I do not
hate the men now, I stillhateand will continue
to hate the crime, and I would leave these un-
fortunate men off the roll. Everything is not
over with in this matter, and men who say we
will never have any more rebellion, we will
never have any more treason in this world,
make a great mistake. I would not take off
from our legislation and our statute-books
everything which marks the criminality of their
proceedings ; I would leave something to tell
future generations that it is not wise at least to
lift one's hand against the flag of his country.
Mr. COX. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] that he seems
to have taken up the role which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] long since
dropped. ' If he had been in Congress a little
longer, perhaps he would be a little more
liberal.
Mr. WILLARD. I have not yielded the
floor to the gentleman from New York.
After the remarks of the gentlemau from
Connecticut it is only due to the committee
that the reason which induced them to report
this bill should be presented to the House. I
may be permitted to say that I have voted
against all bills brought in here having for
their objoct the removal from rebels of any just
penalty that should atuch to their treason.
But I have by no means failed to see, what has
appeared to ine to be an obvious public policy,
recognized alike by the Republican party and
the Democratic party and the Liberal party;
and it is evident that there has been a growing
f> eling, within the last two or three years, that
all distinctions between the citizens of the
various sections of this country, growing out
of the late rebellion, which could, with any
justice to the country, be abolished, should be
abolished.
This House at the last session, by an almost
unanimous vote, passed an act removing the
constitutional disabilities which have attached
to all persons in the South, who, in a certain
manner, participated in the late rebellion. I
have not heard from any quarter any unfavor-
able criticism upon that action of Congress. It
seemed to me a wise and just act of oblivion.
It was a lecognition,'sir, of the fact that we
are again, and were to remain, for all corning
time, one country; that the South was within
the limits of the United States as well as the
North; that there floated above us still only
one flag; and that we all acknowledge our alle-
giance to that and to the Constitution and the
laws. And when this House and this -Con-
gress, by that general act of oblivion, recog-
nized the truth and the justice of that act in
its application to men who were young, strong,
and vigorous, and gave the strength of their
lives to treason, it did seem to me, sir, that
Congress would be ready, on the presentation
of the question to it, to say that the old vet
erans of the war of 1812—men who had given
of their blood to the defense of their coun-
try's flag in the prime of their life, for these
men whom this bill benefits are iuvalid pen-
sioners—that these old pensioners of the war
of 1812 might receive once more at the hands
of the Government this recognition of their
early patriotism, and the sufferings and the
sacrifices and the wounds, which, at onetime
at least, vindicated their right to be called citi-
zens of the United States and defenders of
our flag.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. May I ask
the gentleman one short question?
Mr. WILLARD. Certainly.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I will
simply test the gentlemau by one short ques-
tion. Is he now, or does he expect to be,
willing to pension Jefferson Davis for his gal-
lant behavior at Bitena Vista?
Mr. WILLARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Connecticut if Jefferson Davis
was wounded at Buena Vista?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. If he was
not, many other men were wounded, and were
distinguished by their gallant behavior in
Mexico.
Mr. WILLARD. Does the gentleman de-
sire to carry forward, as a principle in our
legislation, that it is wise to place this mark
of rebellion upon the front of every man who
at any time sympathized with tlie rebels?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Yes; just
this mark, that he shall not be pensioned ; no
other mark. Let him live, and let him re-
member what he has done; but let him not
bo pensioned.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is he to live
on ?
Mr. WILLARD. If the gentleman's prop-
osition should prevail, and we are to have here-
after no recognition of former services to his
country for any man who happened to be south
of Mason and Dixon's line during the late
rebellion, then I think we shall have more
occasion than we have had hitherto for the use
of the bayonet in the South, and more diffi-
culty than we are now having in carrying into
effect the laws of the United States in the
southern States.
But perhaps I may be allowed to say that
we are arguing a question which has once been
decided by the House. At the last session a bill
containing almost all of what are considered
the obnoxious provisions of this bill passed
the House, and is now in the Senate. We are
asked now by the gentleman from Connecticut
to refuse to restore to the pension-roll men who
were sixty-five or seventy years old when the
rebellion broke out, because, perchance, they
may have had some sympathy with 'the rebel-
lion, which at that time swept over the entire
South. I do nc^t believe that is a proper policy
for Congress to pursue. I am disposed to call
the previous question, but will yield for a few
momentstothegentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I am quite certain that I shall not
fall under any condemnation for not having
held up the standard of loyalty to the highest
and fullest extent during the war and since. I
desire as much as any man can that treason
shall be regarded as a crime, and rebellion,
superadded treason, shall be held to be murder
of the citizen who fell by its hand. But, sir,
when the war was raging this question pre-
sented itself to me, and I have the record in
my hand now of my action on that occasion.
I have here Parton'sNew Orleans, from which
I propose to read. It became necessary in the
course of military operations to disarm the
citizens of New Orleans, and there were old
soldiers of the war of 1812 there who came to
me, tears brimming their eyes, bringing to me
their swords and saying, "Let me keep my
sword which I wore with Jackson at Chalmette.
I am too old to strike a blow with it against
your Government, although my sympathies are
against you." I said keep the sword you wore
when you defended your country's flag. On
page 456 of this book I find this passage :
" Union men, known and tried, wore permitted to
keep their arms. To one or two old soldiers of the
war of 1812 the privilege was accorded of retaining
the weapons onoo honorably borne in the service of
their country
That was my action then ; such will be my
action now. I had no fear of harm from the
men who held those swords. I was certain
that they were once loyal, true to our flag;
they had shed their blood for it and had shown
their devotions to it, and although in their old
age they had been carried away by the pas-
sions and prejudices of the hour and society
which surrounded them, yet I then believed
they must still be right at heart; but whether
right or wrong, they had earned the right to
be wrong by shedding their blood for their
country. [Applause.] Therefore, sir, I made
the order I have read when the bayonets of
