1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
the enemy were threatening the lives of my
soldiers, and I shall not swerve from the prin-
ciple of that order now. When the question
comes up of providing for Jeff. Davis in his
old age for his services at Buena Vista it will
be time to give the proper consideration, and
, Buena Vista will do much to palliate subse-
quent wrong. I will not consider that ques-
tion now. The question before us is shall we
confiscate the property of theS'i old soldiers,
now the only property which we have confis-
cated, for we have given back all other, for
these pensions are their property bestowed on
them by their country for a valuable consid-
eration of wounds suffered and life-blood lost
in defense of their country's soil.
We were obliged during the war to seize
that property and all other property from those
engaged in the rebellion or residing in rebel-
lious territory as a matter of safety and
necessity. That was a matter of safety : such
laws then were proper to be passed ; we should
not then pay money to those who might use it
against us. The war is now happily over, and
being over, let us now not remember what
were the thoughts or acts of these old soldiers
of the Union in 186] —'62, but their deeds
and services in 1812—'14. Let us remember
the New Orleans of 1812, and strive to forget
the New Orleans of 1862.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Willard] to yield to me to offer
an amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. I will hear it read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose to amend sec-
tion one of this bill by adding to it the follow-
ing :
Provided, That in case proof be made of the pen-
sioner's loyalty during the rebellion, all arrearages
of pension"! shall he paid to him, or in case of his
death to his widow, if he have any; it not, to his minor
children.
This is simply a provision of justice to these
old soldiers. I concur with the statement of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
that a very large portion of them continued firm
in their loyalty during the late war. ^ They
have not forteited their pensions, and in case
of their death, their widows and minor chil-
dren have not forfeited the arrears of pensions.
This is simply a matter of justice, to give that
to them which in some cases has been with-
held too long already.
Mr. WILLARD. I only yielded to allow
the amendment to be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would not have risen
for the mere purpose of hearing myself talk.
I wanted a substantial thing; I have no desire
to put myself in the Congressional Globe. I
do not wi$h the people for whom I plead, the
men and the women of the South ever loyal,
to be mocked with" empty words upon this
subject. I trust the gentleman will allow the
House to vote upon my proposition.
Mr. WILLARD. I am instructed by the
committee to press the passage of the bill I
have reported, and I am not at liberty to
admit any amendment to it. I now enter a
motion to recommit, in order to cut off amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be
offered, unless the gentleman admits it during
his hour.
Mr WILLARD. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Hawley.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. This is not a
new question 10 the House. It came here in
1870, upon a bill then reported by the same
committee to give the soldiers of 1812 and
their widows the pensions due them. _ It will
be remembered that the bill passed in 1870
contained a clause which excluded from its
provisions and benefits all tne soldiers ot lot-,
who had engaged in the late rebellion. In the
record of the debate upon that bill, as I tind
it in the Globe, it appears that Mr Wmaiis,
of Ohio, moved to amend the bill by striking
out the following words:
"And who at no time during the late .
against tiie authority of the United States adhered
to the cause of the enemies of the Government, giv-
ing them aid and comfort, or exercised the functions
of any offico whatever under any authority or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the United States,
and who shall take and subscribe an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States."
Now, the motion made by Mr. Winans of
Ohio, was to strike from the bill reported from
this same committee the words I have read.
That motion was debated at considerable
length. I remember well that the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] made a speech then in favor of the
amendment, and alluded to the same circum-
stances that he has alluded to to-day as having
occurred at New Orleans. I find my memory
refreshed by referring to the Globe; his re-
marks on that occasion were substantially the
same as those made by him here to-day. Now,
after a debate running perhaps through a whole
morning hour, the House by a vote of 109 to
60 refused to strike from the bill the clause I
have read.
Now, I appeal to this House in all candor
to know what has occurred within the past
two or three years which should lead Congress
now to say that these soldiers of the war of
1812 shall be restored to the pension-roll,
regardless of the question whether or not they
were loyal during the late war. Congress then
deliberately pronounced its opinion and con-
viction that they ought not to have pensions
unless they were loyal during the late war.
Every loyal soldier of the war of 1812, under
the law as it now exists, receives his pension.
But it is now proposed to provide by law that
every man whose name has been upon the
pension-rolls and who served during the war
of 1812 shall still receive a pension from the
United States. Congress in 1862 provided by
law that none of these persons should receive
a pension if he had been disloyal during the
war of the rebellion. It is now proposed by
the geutleman having this bill ill charge to pay
these pensions regardless of the question of
their loyalty or disloyalty. I can see no jus-
tice in such a course. I am in favor of paying
all loyal men their pensions, but I am not
ready, any more than 1 was in 1870, when this
question was before the House, to pay a dis-
loyal man a pension.
The proposition now presented contemplates
nothing else than the payment of a pension to
a disloyal man as well as a loyal man. I
have referred to the record showing that two
years ago the House, by a vote of 109 to 60,
refused to strtke out a provision which ex-
cluded from the pension-roll and from the
benefit of the pension laws persons disloyal
during the late war.
Mr. MOORE. Would not the gentleman
find that at that period the House refused also
to pass a general amnesty bill 7
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. It is quite
likely I would. The House has never yet
passed a general amnesty bill. I am not ready
now to vote for such a bill; -I never have
voted for one. But the question of a general
amnesty is quite different from the question
of paying pensions out of the Treasury of
the United States to disloyal men. We have
plenty of loyal men to whom we may pay
pensions; and I am of opinion that the people
of this country will not approve the action of
Congress if it takes from the Treasury of the
United States the people's money to pay pen-
sions to men who have been disloyal. I think
we ought to discriminate; and I am surprised
that any gentleman should rise in his place
and claim that it is the duty or even the right
of Congress to pay pensions to men who have
been confessedly disloyal to their country.
For myself I cannot and will not vote for such
a measure. • t
Mr WILLARD. I yield five minutes to tbe
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. FarnswortH J
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am
very sorrv to hear any man in this House op-
pose wha't I believe to be so just a bill as this.
It is proposed to restore to the peusiou-rolls a
class of old, worn out, wounded veterans, to
whom Congress, to enable them to eke out
their existence, pledged a little annual pittance
from the Treasury. I am particularly sorry to
hear my colleague [Mr. Hawley] oppose this
measure. I do not know whether he does it
because his namesake has preceded him in the
same direction. |
Sir, we ought to take into consideration the
fact as to where these people resided, and the
other facts that we have from time to time
removed the disabilities of men in the South
and given them offices, and are paying many
of them large salaries—men whose disabilities
were removed, and who actively engaged in
rebellion. We ought to consider, too, that
our President himself has appointed mauy
former rebels to lucrative official positions.
Yet my colleague hesitates about restoring to
the pension-rolls, at eight dollars a month, a
poor old one-legged veteran of the war of
1812, because he had perhaps a son in the late
war to whom he gave a glass of water or a coat.
A Member. That does not make him dis-
loyaj.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It does make him
disloyal under our law. Any man who gave
aid or comfort to the enemy or to persons
engaged in the rebellion was disloyal in the
view of the law.
I was sorry to hear the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Hawley] throw into this debate
the name of Jeff. Davis, which is the red flag
always hoisted whenever the subject of amnesty
or anything of that kind is discussed. The
name of Jeff. Davis is expected to arouse all
our angry passions, and to excite every loyal
man against amnesty, forgiveness, or justice.
At any rate, 1 do not think that Jefl. Davis
was any worse than a great many other men—
no worse than many whose disabilities we
have removed. He simply accepted an office
in the southern confederacy which almost
any other man there would have been glad
to have; an office which a good many now
roaring, cantankerous loyal men in the North
would have been glad to have received if they
had lived m the South at the time when the
rebellion broke out.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have no sympathy with
Jefferson Davis. I never wanted him to be my
President. Not at all. Still, sir, I have no
hatred toward him that I have not against
any other leader of the rebellion. I dislike to
hear his name everlastingly dragged into debate
for the purpose of stirring up angry passions
and strife among the people of the United
States. Why, sir, there are men in the North
as accountable for this war as ever Jefferson
Davis was. The men who voted for him, the
men who wanted him for their President, the
men who taught the people ot the South that
they had a right to rebel, they are the men
who are responsible for the war as much as
ever Jefferson Davis was. If they had lived
in the South as did Jefferson Davis they would
have been with him in the rebellion, and prob-
ably rivals for his place. But as th ey were
not there they now wrap themselves up in their
robes of self-righteousness.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I hope
the gentleman will make it perfectly distinct
as to whom he is aiming at.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Make it
as distinctly as possible. .... ,. .. .
Several Members. We think it is distinct
now.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I suppose
he does not mean me. 11 he does I shall have
a good deal to say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not, mean my
remarks to be personal to the gentleman fr°™
Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] at all. I allude
to a class of individuals who wrap themselves
up in robes of self-righteousness and parade
their loyalty on all occasions
The SPEAKER. The gentleman s time 13
expired.
