1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
It is to pass by the Globe as it is now published.
It is to discard all the past and enter into a
contract that is to subsist for six long years;
and this is to be done under the five-minutes
rule; this is to be done notwithstanding we have
adopted what is called the Anthony rule, the
declared purpose of which was to exclude all
such legislation.
But whether for six years or not, I say this
amendment is out of order ; for any period of
time it is out of order. It is legislation, pure,
absolute legislation upon a subject not con-
templated by this bill, not incorporated in it.
Gentlemen may refine, they may argue that
there is an appropriation in the bill that may
have or may not have reference to this par-
ticular part of the subject; but it plainly
is exclusively legislation without respect to
appropriations at all. The subject itself has
110 reference to appropriations. We are
obliged to pay the contract price, of course,
when the party has performed the service ; but
it'has no reference to any appropriation in this
bill, and, in my judgment, neither would the
six years incorporated in it, nor would any
time incorporated in it. It is legislation, it
does not come within the letter or the spirit of
the rule, certainly not within its spirit; and
if we are to have this kind of legislation, it is
the last time so far as I am personally con-
cerned that I shall ever vote for this Anthony
rule. I was its friend ; I supported it, and I
have strictly maintained the interpretation
respecting that rule to the exclusion of all
legislation, whether I personally favored it or
not. I have always done so, and I think that
it is wrong to that class of Senators on this
floor who desire such a construction of this
rule, that they should be overwhelmed because
a particular measure may or may not have
power with this body.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the point of order is
to be settled, I prefer to withdraw the six
years; I will modify it by leaving out "for six
years."
Mr. HAMLIN. Then that is not according
to the bid.
Mr. ANTHONY. He is not obliged to
take it. We can contract with him if he will
contract. It authorizes a contract.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island modifies his amend-
ment. It will be read as modified.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let us
hear it read. I want to hear it read,
Mr. ANTHONY. It is only necessary to
read the first paragiaph authorizing the con-
tract, leaving out "for six years."
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the joint Committee of Congress on Public
Printing is hereby authorized to dircet tho Congres-
sional Printer to contract, in behalf of the United
States of America, with William J. Murtagh, of
Washington, Dibtrict of Columbia, for the reporting
and publication of the debates in Congress, in ac-
cordance with the proposals submitted by him for
said reporting, and printing, &c.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is
without limit. It tnay be for a thousand years.
Mr. ALCORN. I have thus far said nothing
on the subject of the printing bill. An act of
Congress was passed I understand whereby
the printing of our debates was to be let to the
lowest bidder. I have had some considerable
experience with public printers, I in the form
of a legislator, and they as contractors. My
experience is that the best mode of having the
printing done and the cheapest mode is to
keep it directly under the legislative body
desiring the work to be done. I remember a
case that occurred some fifteen years ago, and
at that time I made up my mind as to the
course I should pursue upon all questions re-
lating to public printing.
In the State of Mississippi I occupied for
eighteen years in the Legislature the position
of one in the minority, a Whig. The Democ-
racy controlled the offices, and they elected
from year to year their public printer by the
Legislature, and they fixed the rates. I thought
the rates were too high, and year after year I
presented my protest, and by compilation and
information from abroad, giving the cost of
public printing in several States, I finally
forced upon that Legislature the conviction
that we were paying perhaps double the sum
we should pay for the public printing. I suc-
ceeded at last in having a resolution passed
that the public printing should be let out to
the lowest bidder. Now I thought I had made
a point, and that when I went home to my
constituents I could hold this up to them and
say, " I have done you some service." But,
sir, when the day for the letting of the contract
came the Democratic public printers came
forward and bid for the work at one cent, and
that was just a little lower than anybody else
bid, or could bid. One cent was the rate for
some printer's measurement; and they entered
into a bond in the sum of $250,OfJb to do the
work. They did go forward, and performed
the work. Then at the next session of the
Legislature they came forward and asked for
an appropriation to pay them for the work they
did, and they absolutely received more than
they had ever received at any time under the
old prices.
So here, if this public printer, be he who he
may, under the contract that this Congress
enters into for this work, does not make
money by it, and he' can make it appear to
Congress that he has not made money by it,
he will come here and ask to be compensated,
and Congress will do it.
So far as I am concerned, I desire to know
who has discharged this work faithfully and
well. Congress has from the time it was first
an organized body probably paid more for
public printing than it was worth; and I fear
it will have to pay more than it is worth.
Printers are experts; they understand their
business well; and by the technical language
they use in these bids and by the way they
measure the work they perform they can
always secure good pay ; and so valuable is
their service and so necessary to the public
business that the country pays it without com-
plaining unless the payment is so largely in
excess of what the real value is as to startle and
shock the public conscience.
If we now have this work in good hands,
and it is being faithfully and well done, as an
original proposition, I would say let the work
stand where it is and pay a fair compensating
price for it. But I am told that we are acting
under an act of Congress which requires you
to let out this work to the lowest bidder, and
you have advertised and the bidder has come
here. If that be so, I stand here for oue to
let it oat for the shortest possible time.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. ALCORN. I am done.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have modified the
amendment by inserting the words "except as
to the duration of the contract," because I
have doubts about its being in order other-
wise ; but if the Senate decide the contrary,
I shall be quite content to have it put in for
the whole leugth of time and I would rather
it were so.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to inquire of the
, Senator from Rhode Island for what time
the proposal of Mr. Murtagh was made, for
how many years ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Six years.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then if this amendment
shall be adopted a contract will be made with
Mr. Murtagh for six years. Now, the Sena-
tor has moved his amendment at a point and
in a place where I cannot submit an amend-
ment which I had to propose to the Senate. I
will send it up to the Chair and have it read for
the purpose of stating to the Senate that if
they shall not adopt the amendment submit-
ted by the Senator from Rhode Island I will
submit this, and call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the differences between the two in a
word or two after it shall have been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pending
the submission of the question, the Senator
from Maine asks to have a proposition read
for information.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. Hamlin, namely:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That the joint Committee of Congress on Public
Printing is hereby authorized to direct the Congres-
sional Printer to contract, oil behalf of the United
States of America, with Franklin Rives, Jefferson
Rives, and George A.Bailey, of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the reporting and printing of
the debates and proceedings in Congress for the term
of years on and lrom the 4th day of March, 18Y3, in
accordance with the terms of the contract of April
3, 1872, under which the debates and proceedings
of the Forty-Second Congress are now reported and
printed: Provided, That all accounts for said report-
ing and printing shall be subject to a discount of five
per cent, from the gross amounts thereof: And pro-
vided further, That the reporters so employed for the
Senate shall be at all times subject to the approval of
thejoint Committeeon Public Printing on the part of
the Senate: and the reporters so employed .for the
House of Representatives shall be at all times sub-
ject to the approval of thejoint Committee on Pub-
lic Printing on the part of the House of Representa-
tives: And provided further. That before the United
States shall be called on to pay for any reporting
or printing of the debates and proceedings, the
accounts for work done for the Senate shall be
submitted to the Secretary of the Senate, and the
accounts for work done for the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be submitted to the Clerk thereof,
or to their respective and duly authorized attor-
neys, and on their approbation of said accounts as
being in all respects according to the contract,
they shall be paid for from the Treasury of the
United States, after having passed the proper ac-
counting officers thereof.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, Mr. President, the
difference between the proposition and the one
submitted by the Senator from Rhode Island
is this: Mr. Murtagh's proposal is to do the
work for six years; and if that amendment
shall prevail, that will be the contract and
the contract will continue in other respects as
it is now in the existing law which will pro-
vide for the extra number of the Globes
which we now receive, eighty-odd sets of from
two to five volumes in a set, and when the
contract is made we are under the obligation
to carry it out during the whole six years, and
without violating the contraet we can neither
reduce the size of the volume nor the number
of copies which we take. I trust the number
will be reduced, and thereby we shall save
more money than Mr. Murtagh claims that
he will save to us by his proposition. I affirm
that we shall hardly realize the saving of a
single dollar in the expense if we make a con-
tract with him in preference to Messrs. Rives
& Bailey. If you adopt the amendment and
make your contract for six years, that con-
traet must be carried out and it will involve
an expense vastly beyond, in my judgment,
what Murtagh claims may be saved. And I
affirm again that his claim of saving is all
moonshine and does not exist, because, I re-
peat, if you take the estimates of your .Govern-
ment Printing Office of just what is the net post,
including nothing for rent, nothing for wear
and tear of type, and nothing for the increased
help that must necessarily go into the Govern-
ment Printing Office if they, do the work, the
Government Printer makes the difference be-
tween the net cost of doing the work and what
Rives & Bailey propose to do it for of only
about ยง4,000; and I do not care who makes
a low bid or how low a bid is, Senators will
not ask men to work at a loss, but they will
come here, and, just as you did in the case of
the men I alluded to before to-day in detail,
you will pay it to them.
Therefore, as a question of economy, you
will gain nothing by accepting Murtagh's bid,
and you cut down the pay of the best corps
of reporters to be found twenty per cent.; for
that is a part of Mr. Murtagh's estimate, and
it is only by such estimates that he arrives at
tbe conclusion he does. When you restore this,
together with other items which he has omitted,
and consider other expenses which he neces-
sarily must incur, and which we must pay if
he is the contractor, you will see that there is
