982
TME .CONGRESSIONAL GLQ$E.
January ;3Q,
Mr. WILLARD. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Ohioj'and. then I
shall call the previous question.
Mr. BINGHA.M. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say to the House that the first section of this
act is misunderstood as it is represented fey'
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr; Hawxey.]
That section limits all pensions allowed, under
it to the passage and taking effect of this act.
As to the residue of the bill, I am for it as
I was against the original bill proposed this
day to be repealed. I refer ,to the act,of 1871.
I then appealed to my friends on this floor not
to put on the defenders of the Union in .the
second "war for independence the requirement
contained in that act that, they shpuld tal?e an
oath, before they should be entitled to a pension,'
declaring they had not given any aid or. com-
fort whatever to the enemies of the Republic
or of the country in the rebellion. It occurred
to me, as i| does,now, thatan'old man eighty
years at least of age—not one of them can be
le&, it being now fifty-eight yean? since peace
was declared after the war of 1812—it occurred
to me such a man, having rendered such service
to his country,, being overtaken by the stbrm
of rebellion in South Carolina or Mississippi
or "Georgia, when the arm of the Government
was shortened go it could not protect or defend
hitn, was not to be held upon the statu't,e-book
of the country as a criminal because he .gave
shelter to. his' own children., . That was' my
position then, and it is my position now; , and
therefore I ask, for the honor of rhy country,
that this bill may pass and this weight laid on
these old men removed, so that when their
time coines to lie down in the grave they will
lie down with the pleasant recollection that
their cdnfttry; for which they fought in the days
of their prj.de and strength, did riot desert and
dishonor them in the day of their death.
[Applause.] ' ' , ,
Mr, \VlLtiARD demanded the previous
question. ,
_ Mr. MAYJSTARD. I ask the gentleman to
yield, to me to offer an amendment
Mr. WILLiARD. I decline to yield for any
such purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then,! jiope the pre-,
vious question will not.be seconded, in, order
that 1 may have an opportunity to present ,uiy
araenilnient.
. The House divided; and there were—ayes
one hundred and six, noes not counted., ,
So the previous question was seconded.
The maig question wa? then ordered to be
put. ' , , ,, '
Th«a ])ill was ordered to be engrossed and
?qad a third.time; and beipg engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, jand passed. -
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider ,the
vote by which the bi,tl .was .passed.; and also
moved that the motion to .reconsider , be laid,
on the table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLfARD. I yield now .to my col-,
league on the-committee, the gentleman ;from
Ohio, [Mr. Sm-ague.] ■ •
RICHARD JAQtJK.
Mr. SPRAGDli, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War, of 1812,.
reported a bill to pay a pension to Richard
Jaque, a, soldier of the: war of 1812.
. The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place ,on the pension-rolls,,
subject,to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Richard Jaque, a
minute-man of the war, of 1812, qi resident of
Seneca county, Ohio,, and pay him at the,rate.
of eight dollars per month frpm the date,of
the passage of this act.during his natural life."
Mr. MAYNAltD. , I desire, to apk the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. SpRAOufc,] wlifitisthe:
fecial, necessity Cot the passage of thip.bill?
ow is it that the case of this pensioner does,
not come under the general,law?. , j (.
Mr. FOSTER, of. Ohio. I beg to,state to
my colleague that there is no necessity now for
the passage o,f, this bill, the Commissioner of
Pensions having granted this pension. -
Mr. SPRAGUE'. I withdraw the bill.
SALLY- CLARK.
Mr. SPRAQUE also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the 'recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the• bill (H. R.. No'. 2818)'
for the relief of Sally Clark, widow of Joseph'
L. Clark, deceased, a 'soldjer> of the war' of
1812. '
Thequestion was'on 'ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.'
'The bill was read.' 'It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pi,ace the name
of Sally Clafk,' widow of Joseph L. pla'rk,
deceased, a soldier of the' war of 1812; who
served' in Captain Page's company of Colonel
Sherwin's'reg'iment of Massachusetts militia as
a private and as su'bstitate.for Newberry Morse,
upon the' pension-roll of the Interior Depart-
ment at the rate of eight d'ollars per month
from the 14th of February, 1871. The bill
further 'Authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to issue to' Sally Clark, widow
as aforesaid, a land-warrant for' the military
services of her said'husband"for one hundrecj
and sixty acfes of land.
Mr.' MAYNARD.' What is the reason of
special legislation being required in this case?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Commissioner re-
quires the evidence of two 'witnesses.' In this
case only the testimony of one witness can be
obtained.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the committee iS sat-
isfied that the' evidence of that one witness is
sufficient to bring the case under the 'general
rile I have no objection. :
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to state that this
lady lives in my district, find that hter claim is
supported by the testimony of many of her
neighbors. I have no doubt of the entirfe cor-
rectness of the report* of the committee, and
that she ought to have what is proposed to be
given by this bill. There is a report in the
case, which I ask may be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that the
difficulty is merely a technical one, there being
only one witness, instead of two. The evi-
dence of that witness b^ing satisfactory to the
committee I make no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I shall not ask'then that
the report be read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; arid being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and*
passed. •
Mr. SPRAGUE moved to Teconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed '; and 'also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on'the
table. . •. : •
The latter motion was' agreed to.
AUKLIA IIU.TCHINS.,
Mr. COHINGO,1 from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and the Wat of 1812,
reported adversely:on the petition 'of Adelia
Hutchins, for a pension; and the same'was
laid oivthe table. • :
message from tIib President. '
message fi-.om the President,,by Mr. O. E.
Baboock, ;his Private, Secretary, announced'
that the President had approved and signed
bills of the following titles:
A bill .(H. R. No. 2570) for the relief of I.
H. Holderness,,,owner, of the British ship
Duke of Edinborough ; an.d
A bill. (H. R. No. 2870) to authorize the
President to appoint Frederick E. Upton, of.
Bath, Maine, a . master in the Navy, of the
United States.
. The message further announced that the bill
(H. R. No. 2893) for the relief of Mary Love
having been received b.y the President'on, the
16th of January, and not having, been returned
by him to the House of Congress iji which,'it
originated within the, ten days prescribed by
the. Constitution, has become, a law without
his apprpval, . . , ',. , , . - •
,. JOSEPH B. STBWABT.
Mr. WILSON-, of Indiana. I am informed
that the Sergeant-at-Arms has Joseph B. Stew-
art in custody. I ask that he be brought before
the House. : •
■ The SPEAKER. .On- yesterday the House
ordered that.the Sergeant-at-Arms take into
custody the person of Joseph' B. Stewart and
produce bim forthwith at the bar of the House.
The Chair, is informed that the person named
is in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and
the Sergeant-at-Arms is now directed to bring
him-to the bar of the.House.,
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar,
having in custody Joseph B. Stewart;.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. • Mr. Speaker, in
obedience1 to the order of the House, I now
have in custody at its bar Joseph B. Stewart:
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms
brings to the bar of the House Joseph B.
Stewart, alleged to be in contempt of the priv-
ileged of this-1 House in -that lie refused to
answer questions addressed to him by a. com-
mittee authorised to examine hito. It is the
duty of the Chair, to ask the witness at-the
bar whether he rs now ready to make answer
to any proper ■ questions addressed to him by
the committee.
Mr:STEWART,(thewitness.) Mr. Speaker,
being summoned to the bar of this House on
a charge of contempt of its: privileges, I, in
all-respect to its authority, "and as a dutiful
citizen, deny that I am in contempt,'that I
have committed an act of contempt of any of
its laws or rules properly applying to me, or
that • I have refused to answer any question
which in my candid judgment and in my under-
standing of my rights; first, as an American
citizen, andsecoridly, bytheduty imposedupon
me as a counselor-at-law, 1 cquld be required
to answer or to make disclosure at any time'
or place, or under any circumstances ; beoa'use
all the matters refused,by me. to be testified
about or disclosed had their origin: solely and
exclusively in the relation of counsel and client,
as an attorney and' counselor-at-law, as an
adviser and solicitor, and are matters of which
I had and could have.no knowledge whatever
beyond that professiorial relatiofl ; are.matters
of which I had no personal knowledge what-
soever,, except .such as was confided -to me as
counsel. Those matters are not mine-; they
belong to those. who > trusted
and I am
advised of no law or authority, no power dele-
gated by any law j organic or-statutory, which
can - confer . upon anybody in' -this ^Govern-
ment, any. tribunal whatever, even one so ex-
alted, respected, and powerful,-arid deserving
of public- confidence-as ,1 -hope this House
may be; that can compel- -me to disclose them.-
Mr<. Speaker, before - appearing here this
morning! addressed a communication to the
committee at whose instance I.am-here, which
I deem necessary to a correct understanding
of my real position before this bcjdy, and.which
1- regret'to say, by some accidentjhas been
omitted from t their report," which report I
object to,- for the reason that- it fails lo cor-
rectly present me to this House for the hear-
ing which I am permitted to -have. • I wrote
this morning to the -chairman of the' com-
mittee, as follows:
Korty-Seconi) Congress 'Unite!]}' States,"
, ' HOUSE: bF REPKEStixTATIVES, - 1
WASHfKGTON, D. O., January 30, 1873.
In reading tke report madfc by your committee to
the House of Representatives yesterday, in reference
to toy alle&eu refusing to Answer Questions, lob-
serve that'the representation's made ol my testimony
are full of errors and misrepresentations, and thdt
much of my testimony is omitted.
I desire thnt my full arid complete testimony, tier-
hntim, bo 'pcpduced and feheimistakes (for I see many)1
in transcribing ;t from the short,-hlaiid- notes be cor-
rected. JLhe matter accompanying the report and
action of your committee, istiot my testimony, and I
object to and protest'against its further use-in the
pending proccedmgs against me until property cor-
rected and fully reported. , ,
With the most distinguished consideration, 1 havo
the honor to be, your obedient servant.
.... - , JOS. B. STEWART.
Hon. J. M., Wilsov,•Chairman, &c.
