20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
We can only state the purpose for which they
nre wanted and give to the proper Depart-
ment instructions to build the vessels of a
character deemed necessary for the public ser-
vice. That is all this bill does. We cannot
build large vessels. These cannot be vessels
ot the character to which the gentleman from
New York alludes. They must be vessels
not of a large character, swift sailers, mounted
with a few guus of large caliber, ready for
immediate and swift service on any sea where
they may be required and where our flag may
be assailed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts will allow me, I will say
that in the bill as it now stands there is no
limitation. The vessels may be built of any
size.
Mr. BANKS. I will move, on the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixg-
uam,] agreed to, as I understand, by the chair-
man of the committee, to amend line four of
the bill by striking out the words "ten or
more" and inserting the words "not exceed-
ing ten so that it will read, "each carrying
not exceeding ten guns of large caliber".
Mr. BINGHAM. That is right.
Mr. BANKS. And now I desire to say a
word as to the discretionary power vested in
the Secretary of the Navy in this matter. It
seems to me necessary to give some discre-
tion. We caunot exercise it ourselves. We
must give it to those charged with this duty,
and hold them responsible for its exercise;
and inasmuch as it is proposed to limit the
number of vessels to be built by the Govern-
ment to five, provision being made for the
construction of the other five by contract—to
which I do not object—I think we can con-
cede this discretionary power to the Secretary
of the Navy without any danger to the public
service. And I would say to the gentlemen
especially on the other side of the House,
that the condition of affairs during the past
year and at the present time is soch that the
Government may require all these vessels for
immediate and important service, and that we
ought not therefore to delay the appropria-
tion of the money asked for.
Mr. POTTER. Before the gentleman from
Massachusetts yields the floor I should like to
ask him a question. Will the gentleman,
since it was he who introduced the bill, give
us some idea what his notions are of the size
these vessels are to be in order to carry ten
guns?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think I can answer the
gentleman, that vessels of fourteen or fifteen
hundred tons will be sufficient.
Mr. BANKS. I come from the country of
notions, but I am afraid I cannot give the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter] such
a notion as he wants, and that is my reason
for leaving it to the discretion of the Secretary
of the Navy. The chaifman of the committee
has stated that vessels of fifteen hundred tons
will be sufficient.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not suppose that
any of the vessels will come up to two thou-
sand tons under any circumstances. I may
lay that I do not sympathize myself with the
tnotive which perhaps has influenced the mind
of the gentleman from Massachusetts to some
extent in presenting the bill, his apprehension
of a war with Spain. I believe the gentleman
from Massachusetts sympathized somewhat
with efforts made some time ago to involve
this Government in a difficulty with Spain.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir. The gentleman will
allow me to say that I never sympathized with
any effort on the part of anybody to involve this
country in trouble with other nations. I was
opposed to any such effort.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then the gentleman and
I are agreed. But as he based his argument
on the supposed state of facts in connection
with Spain, I inferred that he sympathized with
those efforts.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir. My argument or
statement was based on the declaration of the
Secretary of the Navy to members of this
House that he was afraid that events had
already occurred in the Caribbean sea which
would require this country to take steps to
defend its own interests.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not sympathize with
the Secretary of the Navy in that fear. And
it is not for any such purpose that 1 think we
ought to construct these vessels, these sloops
of war; it is simply that we may keep up our
squadrons in the various seas of the world, as
we have endeavored to do hitherto, for the pro-
tection of our commerce and the protection of
our citizens.
In reply to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] I would say that I believe the Navy
Department is prepared to construct iron ves-
sels both in the navy-yard at Brooklyn and the
navy-yard here at Washington, and also in
Boston. Iam under the same impression also
in regard to the navy-yard at Kittery, but am
not certain. I shall myself vote against the
amendment offered by my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] because, as we have now seven
navy-yards on the Atlantic coast, for which
we have made large appropriations and gone
to great expense, and as we have the material
to some considerable extent on hand as well
asthe skilled workmen and skilled engineers,
and are paying for them, I think we ought to
build the new vessels there, and undoubtedly,
to judge from our past experience, we will, by
doing so, build them a great deal better.
As the gentleman from New York said, we
had during the war a good many bad vessels,
but it was because they had to be made in
haste, and because we had not the proper
material. I now yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr],
Mr. PLATT. Before the gentleman yields
I desire to ask if the House has granted the
request that Thursday next be set apart for
the consideration of this bill?
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. KERR. I desire to renew the inquiry
just made by the gentleman from Virginia
in reference to the action of the House. I
would inquire of the Chair if any action was
had upon the suggestion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarobr] that this sub-
ject should be deferred to a subsequent day ?
; Was any action had upon that subject? •
j The SPEAKER. There was none.
I Mr. KERR. Then I desire now, first, to
urge upon the House thatthatcourse betaken.
I do not know, sir, that I desire to oppose the
whole of this bill; I do know that I shall con-
sider it my duty to oppose a part of its pro-
visions ; but I do think that a subject of the
importance of this bill ought not to be sprung
upon the House in this way, without time for
deliberation, before the reports of the proper
Departments can have been read or consid-
ered by the members of the House, and at a
time when we are nearly all unfamiliar, by
reason of the long intervening vacation, with
the facts and the various arguments that ought
to be well considered and carefully weighed
in this connection.
I think, therefore, that it is extremely im-
portant and proper that the further considera-
tion of this bill, without reference to what the
Chair suggests as to its remaining in the morn-
ing hour, should be deferred to some future
day, for the simple purpose of enabling us
meanwhile to fit ourselves to act intelligently
upon the general subject. It is important,
and ships may be needed, but this measure,
I think, contains a dangerous principle.
Now, I confess for myself, and I feel no
humiliation in making the confession, that at
this moment I am not prepared in my own
judgment to act intelligently on this bill. I
do want to act in that way when we come finally
to dispose of it, and I appeal, therefore, to the
House and to the chairman of the committee
to allow the bill to go over to a special day,
and I hope it will be a day further off than
Thursday of this week. I hope it will be post-
poned to some day not yet appropriated to
other business, either next or the week fol-
lowing.
There are many considerations of extreme
importance involved in this bill. Its particu-
lar object I agree 18 something simple and
plain ; but precisely how the object shall be
obtained, and on what principles of action or
policy we shall proceed, I insist are very im-
portant inquiries, and that we ought not hastily
to adopt any plan or principle o  policy. What
, we do now, whether wisely or foolishly
enacted, may continue for many years. It
is, therefore, our imperative duty at least to
make a reasonable and deliberate effort to act
wisely. It is time for us as a nation to aban-
don some of the expensive and jobbing prac-
tices of the past in Navy constructions.
S Now, I do not think, sir, that any present
1 emergency exists for a hasty disposition of
this bill. It may be that we ought to provide
for the construction of these new vessels, but
I am sure that there is nothing in the condi-
tion of the country at this time, or in what
appears to be its probable condition in the
early future, that can excite any apprehension,
or give rise to any feeling of emergency or
haste. The country is at peace with all the
world. What little commerce we have floats
in safety on whatever sea it navigates. The
great misfortune is that we have not more.
We are respected by all the nations of the
world. No nation desires to depredate upon
us, or offend us. Our Navy, although inferior
to the navies of some other nations, is suf-
ficient for all the present wants and demands
of the country. I do not see why, therefore,
except from the fact that the bill has come up
in its regular order, its consideration should
be further pressed, and I again respectfully
appeal to the Committee on Naval Affairs to
test the sense of the House upon the post-
ponement of its further consideration to a day
at least a week or ten days hence.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] who yielded to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] is
still entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Suppose we adjourn now,
will this bill come up to-morrow in the morn-
iflgheur?
The SPEAKER. Yes, in the
hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would yield for a mo-
tion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] was speaking in the time
of the' gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield.] Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yield for the gentleman from Indiana
to subarit the motion he has indicated, to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill to
some future day, that motion to be considered
as pending when the consideration of this bill
shall be again resumed?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not yield for that
motion; I will yield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to make a state-
ment in regard to a bill reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, in relation to
the late treaty with England.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. X desire to
move an amendment to the pending bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out the words "and that 83,000,000 be ap-
propriated for that purpose out of any money in the
Treasury hereafter to be appropriated," and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That no contract or order for construc-
tion shall be made until full detailed estimates
shall have been submitted to Congress and appro-
priation made bherefor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will permit the amend-
ment to be offered and considered as pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Was not a motion to adjourn mad6
morning
