1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
by the gentleman from California, [Mr. Cooh-
lan ?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d]
as still holding the floor, his hour not having
expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
bill and pending amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make a sugges-
tion for the benefit of the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Scofield,]
so that he may give us some information upon
it whenever this subject shall come up again.
I understand the vessels in contemplation by
the Navy Department are to be of about
eighteen hundred tons burden, whereas the
large ships that have been spoken of are from
thirty-two to thirty-five hundred tons. I sup-
pose it would be practicable in this bill to
limit the size of the vessels to sixteen or
eighteen hundred tons. I would like the gen-
tleman to inquire and ascertain if such a lim-
itation can be put in when the bill shall come
up again.
choctaw " net proceeds" claim.
The SPEAKER laid before the House &
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
relation to the claim of the Choctaw Indians
known as the "net proceeds" claim; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
indian depredation claims.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to an appropriation to pay certain
Indian depredation claims now pending before
Congress; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
inventory of public property.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with the* act of
July 15, 1870, an inventory of the property of
the United States in the publie buildings and
grounds belonging to the United States in the
District of Colombia; which-was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
sergeant john r. williams.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a draft of a bill for the relief of Lance-
Sergeant John. R. Williams, United States
Army; which was ordered- to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
agbd destitute persons.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to the disbursement of $12,000 appropriated
by an act of Congress approved April 20,
1871, for the relief of aged destitute persons
of the D jstrict of Columbia; which was ordered
to be printed, and' referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
maps for ninth census reports.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to an appropriation for the expense
of twenty maps to illustrate the quarto vol-
umes of the ninth census reports ; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
loss of soldiers' clothing, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to a bill
for the relief of certuin members of company
H, second cavalry, on account of loss of cloth-
ing ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, recommending the J
passage of an act authorizing the issue of
clothing to enlisted men of battery F, first
artillery, and company B, first cavalry; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
I Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
| claim op new yorker demokrat.
! The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
: sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to a
claim of the New Yorker Demokrat for pub-
lishing certain advertisements of the War
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed;
depredations on texas frontier.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to depre-
dations on the Texas frontier; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
, appropriation for surgical appliances. '
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to an
appropriation for providing surgical appliances
for certain classes of disabled persons ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed. |
reports of clerk of the iiocse. !
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, transmitting' his annual report of the
publie property in his possession ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered tt> be printed.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
transmitting his annual report of the contin-
gent expenses of the House of Representa-
tives ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
appropriations for state department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, transmitting, in ac-
cordance with law, statements of the disburse-
ments of the contingent fund of the Depart-
ment and balances of appropriations remain-
ing on hand ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
illustrations for census report.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, relative to the
importance of illustrating the three quarto
volumes of the report of the ninth census ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
conventions with indian tribes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
copy of an agreement dated September 20,
1872, between the Sisseton and Wahpeton
bands of Sioux Indians and the United States
Indian agents, in conformity with law ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting a copy of the articles of convention con-
cluded with the chiefs and head men of the
Shoshone and Bannock tribes of Indians for
the relinquishment of a portion of their reser-
vation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
protection of american seamen.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of State, transmitting, under
the act of May-28, 179G, a report of relief
and protection extended to American seamen
during the year ending September 30, 1872;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
judgments of court of claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the clerk of the Court of Claims, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of June 25,
1868, a statement of all judgments rendered
by said court for the year ending December
2, 1872; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
drawback on damaged goods, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the
House of April 12, 1872, a statement of the
amount of drawback or reduction of duties
allowed on goods and merchandise imported
into the port of New York in a damaged con-
dition from the Pacific.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this document will be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it would be best to
refer this communication to the Committee of
Ways and Means without any order to print
at this time.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope not.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not?
Mr. RANDALL. Why should there be an
exception in this instance in giving the people
information which they should possess? The
information contained in this document is of
a nature the House and country should have.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know what that
document is. I know that the appropriations
on the part of the committee for printing in
this blind way of papers like that, weighing
perhaps twenty pounds, involves millions or
dollars. The Committee of Ways and Means
can, I think, be trusted with the inquiry as to
whether it is necessary to print this paper.
If the gentleman has any doubt of that com-
mittee, however, let it go to the committee of
which he is a member.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no doubt of that
committee, but the policy the gentleman in-
dicates is " penny wise and pound foolish."
Mr. BROOKS. It is not penny wise and
pound foolish to have documents like the one
now in question looked into before they %re
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. Mtf Speaker, I want to
know what amount of customs have been re-
funded to any particular party or parties.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman can look at
the document and examine that fact for him-
self.
Mr. RANDALL. I want the country to
know it.
Mr. BROOKS. There is no reason why the
country should pay $300,000 for the printing
of a document.
Mr. RANDALL. What silly nonsense it is
to say that the printing of this paper is to cost
$300,000. It will not cost, in my judgment,
over thirty dollars.
Mr. BROOKS. I give notice that while I
am a member I propose to arrest public print-
ing as much as possible by refusing to allow
any public printing to be ordered which is
unnecessary.
Mr. RANDALL. And I give you notice
that I mean to have from the records all in-
formation into matters which look in the
least degree like paying out money from tho
Treasury without due warrant of law.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman intends,
then, to build up au immense printing estab-
lishment, an establishment which costs the
country now many millions of dollars. As an
economist, he intend? to let that exp~' ir*
