1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M5
make the volume perfect until it is too late to
be of any very great value. It is not yet out.
It is owing entirely to the delay in receiving
the reports.
Mr. CONKLING. May I make a sugges-
tion? It seems to me that this amendment
does not go far enough. It says that one half
the number of all these documents shall be
printed. To what end?
Mr. ANTHONY. For distribution.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course the amend-
ment presupposes that some arrangement is to
be made for the transmission and distribution
of these documents. The Senator cannot sup-
pose that every Senator is to sit down furnish-
ing stamps himself to put enough on these
documents to carry them through the mail. If
then the amendment does presuppose that,
why thus cut it down one half? If, on the
contrary, the amendment does not presuppose
that, what do we want to do with one half of
all the documents now ordered ? I submit, if
the Senator is graduating his numbers by the
need and demand for distribution, we should
print them all 5 if, on the contrary, he is
measuring by the fact that the franking priv-
ilege has been abolished, then we should not
print them at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, Mr. President, I
will let the amendment lie until the bill comes
out of committee. The numbers are pretty
small.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after line thirty-five to
insert the following paragraph:
For printing the preparatory circulars, and for
printing and binding, at the Government Printing
Office, the report on life insurance statistics, made
under authority of the eighth international statis-
tical congress, by William Barnes, a delegate from
the United States, in accordance with the plan of
publication adopted at the said congress, under the
direction of the Secretary of State, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was under the head of "life-
saving stations," to increase the item "for pay
of crews of experienced surfmen at such sta-
tions, and for such periods as the Secretary of
the Treasury may deem necessary and proper,''
from $74,550 to $85,000.
Mr. COLE. That is increased by transfer-
ring the next item to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out lines sixty-
three to sixty-six inclusive, as follows:
For employment of crews of experienced surfmen
at such stations and for such periods as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem necessary and proper,
ยง10,500.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seventy-
eight and seventy-nine to strike out the words
"the chief signal officer of the Army, or."
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to make a verbal
change in the amendment of the committee so
that it will read as follows:
Worked under the charge of the chief signal
officer of the Army, subject to the direction of the
Secretary of War.
Instead of the committee's amendment I
offer that as a substitute, and then I will offer
after that point a few more amendments, which
will make the whole clause harmonious.
Mr. CONKLING-. What is the object of
that?
Mr. SAWYER. I also wish to strike out the
words "and the Secretary of the Treasury,"
in lines seventy-nine and eighty, and I will
explain the purpose. The purpose is to give
this telegraph under the control, not of the
Secretaries of War and of the Treasury, but
under the control of the War Department
entirely, and have it under the charge of the
chief signal officer of the Army, subject to the
direction of the Secretary of War. Then, in
the following part of the clause, I propose to
say, " and the use of the life-saving stations as
signal stations shall be subject to such regula-
tions as may be agreed upon between the Sec-
retary of War and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury."
The life-saving stations are under the charge
of the Secretary of the Treasury. While the
Secretary of War has nothing to do with life-
saving stations, the Secretary of the Treasury
has nothing to do with the construction of this
telegraph. The Secretary of War has nothing
to do with life-saving stations. The purpose
of the amendment iato separate the functions
of the two officers in that regard.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to understand the
object of this.
Mr. SAWYER. I thought I made myself
clear.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to my honor-
able friend, that I do not think there is any
danger that this will be done with too much
wisdom or that too much wisdom will be brought
to bear upon it. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury by participating certainly will not weaken
these counsels any. The Secretary of War
will be quite as wise, I take it, if he confers
with the Secretary of the Treasury as if he
does not. There is no danger of their spoiling
each other. I have some reason to think this
clause had better stand as it does in the light of
any reason we have heard yet.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not see any particular
reason for assigning to the Secretary of the
Treasury the duty of the construction of this
telegraph line which is constructed simply for
the purposes of the bureau in charge of the
chief signal officer of the Army. The whole
signal service is under the direction of the
Secretary of War. This telegraph to the life-
saving stations is to be constructed specially
for the signal service. The Secretary of the
Treasury has charge of the life-saving stations
of course.
The amendment I offer is suggested by the
chief of the signal service himself; and the
logic of it seems to be entirely plain ; and that
is that the construction of this telegraph for
the signal service should be under that bureau,
and, inasmuch as the life-saving stations are
under the charge of the Secretary of the
Treasury, it is entirely proper that the regula-
tions which govern the use of the life-saving
stations aa signal stations should be under the
joint control of the heads of the Departments
who have charge of the different objects whieh
are there carried on. As life-saving stations
they are under the control of the Secretary
of the Treasury; as signal stations they are
naturally under the control of the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. Although I did not put
these words in the bill which the Senator is
trying to strike out, I think I see two very good
reasons why they were put in.
When you say the Secretary of War is to
do all this, it means the signal officer. My
friend knows that as well as I do.
Mr. SAWYER. Precisely.
Mr. CONKLING. And as mankind in
all ages have learned, as we are all fond of
our own children and addicted to our own pets,
it is wise to have somebody beside the man
whose hobby a certain thing may be to reg-
ulate and control it.
My friend, by striking out these words,
first of all will commit to the signal service
officer the mau who believes in it, whose pet
it is, whose hobby perhaps it is, the whole
control first and last of this business, and
among others his functions will be to direct
and determine about the construction and
maintenance of telegraphic lines where there
are none now. The authors of this provision
thought it was wise to have both the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Secretary of War in
name a check upon that officer. They thought
you propose
that the signal officer, being in the War
Department, would in reality be the Alpha and
Omega of the whole tiling there, whereas if
the head of another department Was ta par-
ticipate on grave and serious occasions, as
when it was to be determined to build or not to
build a telegraph line, there would be as little
more safety, a little more conservatism in so
arranging.
The other reason I conceive to.be. this:
the life-saving stations are under the control
of the Treasury Department and not i the
Department of War; and when .
to appropriate those stations and devote.
to another use, it was highly proper that ithe
Secretary of the Treasury should knorw some-
thing about it; bo proper that my friend in
order to get out these words of his, proposed to
twist around, to transplant "Secretary of the
Treasury" from one place in the sentence to
another because he cannot spare him in .regard
to the life stations.
This signal service is an entirety; it is all
one thing. It relates at times to employing
life stations as signal stations; so at another
time it comprehends the question of construct-
ing lines for the purpose of operating, the
signal service; at another time the employ-
ment of existing lines with ten thousand
details. The bill proposes that the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the. Treasury all
the time with the signal officer shall be a little
convenient council, so that one man's opin-
ion or crotchets shall not run away with the
whole thing, I think it is a very wholesome
condition to check the expenditure of the
publie money.,
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to spend
time on this matter, but I beg to call attention
to the fact that the bill reads as follows:
That the Secretary of War be, and he hereby is,
authorized to establish signal stations at light-houses
and at such of the life-saving stations on the lake or
seacoasts as maybe suitably located for that purpose,
and to connect the same with such points as may be
necessary for the proper discharge of the signal ser-
vice, &c.
The purpose of this is simply to give the
authority to the Secretary of War to establish
stations there. The reason of the introduction
of the name of the Secretary of the Treasury
in connection with that of the Secretary of
War, in the seventy-ninth line, was simply the
fact that the Secretary of. the Treasury ordin-
arily has entire control of the' life-saving
stations; but I submit that there is no evidence
whatever that the purpose of this clause was
to commit to the Secretary of the Treasury
any part of the work of buildiDg these lines of
telegraph, but that his name was introduced
there simply from the fact that ordinarily he
had control of the life-saving stations. The
purpose of my amendment is not to deprive
the service of the counsels of the Secretary of
the Treasury at all, I do not suppose as a mat-
ter of fact the Secretary of the Treasury would
trouble himself a particle about it, but adopt
simply the suggestions of the Secretary of War
under whose control it naturally falls. I have
endeavored to put it in such form that the par-
ticular and special duty of the'head of each of
these Departments will be defined and each
kept to itself, instead of mixing up two things
which have never before been mixed, and
which there is no reason for mixing now. I
will say nothing further about it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope these words
will be retained. What the Senator from New
York says is very just. There are two Depart-
ments concerned in this amendment: one is
the Secretary of the Treasury who has charge
of the light-houses and life stations, and the
other is the Secretary of War. We struck out
"the chief signal officer of the War Depart-
ment." We thought this ought to be confided
to the two Secretaries ; in other words, that no
telegraph line should be erected without the
consent both of the Department of War and
the Department of the Treasury, for while the
War Department has charge of the signal sta-
