1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
tions, tbe Treasury Department bas charge of
the light-houses and of the life-saving stations.
Now before any of the officers of the signal
corps should undertake to lay down this tele-
graph line, it is a wholesome restriction to
have the consent both of the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Secretary of War.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to discuss this
matter ; but I think it is perfectly absurd to
make these amendments to bills saying that a
subordinate officer shall work subject to the
order of his superior. That is the law now,
and when you direct the Secretary of War to
do anything in reference to signal stations,
you direct him to do it through the signal
officer, and it is the proper way to do that.
The chief should be directed, and not the
subordinate.
I know the signal service is a very valuable
service ; but it is under the Secretary of War;
it is not even a bureau in the War Depart-
ment, as I think probably it ought to be, as
in a short time it will be, but as yet it is not,
and hence this matter ought not to be taken
from the control of the Secretary of War. I
agree with the Senator from Kentucky that
these two services being dependent upon two
Secretaries, it ought to be left to them, the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of War, and let the directions be given by
them.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Illinois is
for the bill as reported by the committee,
evidently.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir, I am. I think that
is the proper principle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. Before passing from this
paragraph I observe that there is an omission
in the printing of the bill to which I wish to
call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. After the word
"points," in line seventy-four, the committee
moved an amendment to insert the words "on
the nearest telegraph line." I see these words
are omitted in the print of the bill. Have
they been inserted? If not, I move to insert
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the amendment. It is after the
word "points," inline seventy-four, to insert
" on the nearest telegraph line."
Mr. WINDOM. That is for the purpose of
restricting the length of telegraph line that
may be built under this provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the recess to-day
extend from five to six o'clock, and that the
hour from six to seven be devoted exclusively
to the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves that a recess be taken to-
day from five o'clock until six o'clock, and
that the hour from six to seven o'clock be
devoted to the consideration exclusively of
reports from the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE. I have not a word to say ex-
cept to state the fact that we have not gone
through four pages of this long bill yet.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for a
division of the question. I agree to the first
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
divisible. The question is on the first branch
of the proposition that the Senate take a recess
from five to six o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I ask to make it from five to
half past five o'clock, according to the wishes
of several Senators.
Mr. PRATT. I accept that.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on that branch of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it understood that that
half hour is to be devoted solely to the business
of the Pension Committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; this part
of the motion is simply for a recess, that it
shall be to-day only for half an hour from five
to half past five. That has to be decided with-
out debate. Those who desire a long recess
will vote in the negative..
Mr. BAYARD. But I understand the object
to be to give the Pension Committee an hour
and a half for their necessary business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a dis-
tinct part of the motion.
Mr. BAYARD. As I am in favor of that
proposition, I only desire that it shall be dis-
tinctly understood that no other business than
that of the Pension Committee occupies that
time. ["No!" "Nol"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the mo-
tion if it should be carried, but that branch of
it is not now before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I hope that will not be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion that to-day the recess be from
five to half past five o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. Now I move that the hour
from five and a half to six and a half he de-
voted exclusively to the consideration ofreports
from the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CON KLING. So that nothing else will
be in order?
Mr. COLE. I hope that we may have all
the time that will be requisite to dispose of
this appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD. It is an hour and a half,
I understand, from five and a half to seven
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is only pro-
posed to devote from five and a half to six and
a half to pension bills. At six and a half
o'clock the appropriation bill is to go on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the Senate ought to entertain this proposition.
I will say that if we intend to adjourn on the
4th of March, the Senate must make up its
mind to give exclusive control to the business
of the Committee on Appropriations, when-
ever they have any business before us. They
will not always have a bill before the Senate,
and then precedence should be given to the
kind of business that the honorable Senator
from Indiana so ably conducts; but he should
not ask that pensions, which may wait if
necessity requires, should have precedence of
an appropriation bill, and the hour he asks to
have taken up, should be devoted to this bill.
I am in favor of giving precedence to the class
of bills that the Senator represents; but I
submit to him that he ought not to press them
against an appropriation bill at this particular
period of the session.
Mr. SAWYER. I was about to ask if this
was not a violation of the rule which provides
that we shall not make special orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is not. It can be reversed by the action of
the Senate when they shall meet at half past
five o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
make another remark in the hearing of my
honorable friend who makes this motion, and
that is that it is a violation of the general un-
derstanding we had that nothing should be in-
terposed in the way of an appropriation bill
once up. I hope therefore my friend will not
press it.
Mr. PRATT. _ I wish simply to reply to my
friend from Maine that the hour which we
propose to devote to this business is carved
out of that portion of time which is usually
given to a recess. The hour commences at
half after five and extends only until half
after six. I do not ask more than sixty min-
utes in which to consider those cases that are
most pressing.
Mr. COLE. That is the very time we want
above all others for the disposition of this
appropriation bill. We have made no pro-
gress with it thus far. We have been talking
about subjects, relevant and irrelevant, all
day, and haye made no progress with the
appropriation bill. Another appropriation
bill has been reported to-day, and another one
is to come hereafter, and we shall certainly
crowd ourselves into an extra session uuless
we go on vigorously, after the recess, with the
appropriation bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are
sixty pages of this bill, and we have been four
hours in getting over four pages, I believe. I
have no doubt that my friend from Indiana
will have an opportunity to facilitate his pension
bills ; but he ought not to attempt it until we
get rid of this'heavy appropriation bill, because
I perceive that there are quite a number of
items in it that will excite debate before they
get through.
Mr. PRATT. I do not think we can bestow
an hour more usefully. At all events I want
an expression from the Senate. If the pro-
position be voted down I shall submit as well
as I know how.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Indiana, which is
that the first hour after the recess be devoted
exclusively to bills from the Committee on
Pensions.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 21.
Mr. COLE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. As the yeas and nays
are ordered, to save time I rise to a question
of order. I submit that under the rule it is
not in order to make a special order, and this
motion is not in order on that ground, and
that it cannot be entertained upon any other
ground except by general consent.
Several Senators. It is too late.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not too late for
me, for I understood the Senator to be appeal-
ing for unanimous consent. I have understood
only just now that it was put in another form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there are a number of precedents
where a motion of this kind has been enter-
tained ; but apparently, from the Journal, it
has always been by consent, no point of order
being made upon it. If the point of order is
made, it must be decided under the rule, and
therefore the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. COLE. We were up here all last night
and until eight o'clock this morning, and Sen-
ators around me express a desire to adjourn
at nine o'clock to-night; and now Senators
can see what disposition is going to be made
of the appropriation bills. This is about all I
have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The hour of five o'clock
having arrived, the Senate by its order will
take a recess until half past five o'clock, at
which time the appropriation bill will be in
order.
EVENING SESSION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ed-
munds) took the chair at half past five o'clock,
and said: The recess having expired, the
Senate resumes its session.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
ethan a. sawyer
Mr. COOPER. I ask the Senator from
California to allow justice to be done to a poor
fellow. I ask unanimous consent to take up
a bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope we are going on with
