1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M7
the appropriation bill. I will give way after
a while; but let us go on with it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of a bill. Is
there objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. COLE. The Senator teils me he will
call for the yeas and nays if I do not yield.
Under that pressure 1 will not object.
Mr. COOPER. It is House bill No. 2732.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2732) for the relief of Ethan A. Sawyer. The
proper accounting officers of the Treasury are
required by the bill to pay to Ethan A. Saw-
yer the sum of $5,000 for services rendered
as scout, guide, and recruiting officer in the
United States Army, and for property taken
by the United States forces and appropriated
to their use.
Mr. COOPER. This bill was reported by
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am extremely reluct-
ant to disoblige my friend from Tennessee;
but after what I have felt compelled to do with
other claims of this character, not as to scout-
ing but as to the property business, I cannot
consent to its being considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ransom
in the chair.) The Senator from Vermont
objects. *■
Mr. COOPER. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that this is a different claim
from almost any other. This man was a scout
of General Burnside in East Tennessee and
there is a letter of General Burnside showing
that his whole property was sacrificed. He
was one of those bridge burners that probably
the Senator from Vermont heard of during the
war. The claim is entirely correct, I assure
the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better go on
with the regular order.
Mr. SPENCER. As the Senator from Cali-
fornia objects because the Senate is thin, I
propose that we take up and read the bill
reported from the Committee on Claims for
the payment of southern claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the Senate take a
recess for fifteen minutes.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot go on now.
Mr. COLE. I think we can go on with the
appropriation bill. The portion of the appro-
priation bill which will be read for some time
to come is routine in its character and I think
will excite no discussion, and we can save so
much time by reading it. Any doubtful ques-
tion it may be well shall be passed over. That
is certainly all that can be asked of ifle, as I
know the Senate is thin; but Senators are
tired, and we must make some progress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, I will with-
draw the motion if we are going on with the
regular order, passing by all matters that are
open to any question.
Mr. SPENCER. Has the_ Senator^ from
California any objection to having the bill for
the payment of southern claims reported by
the Committee on Claims read? I do not ask
for the passage of it now.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I want the reading
of the appropriation bill continued.
Mr. SPENCER. For the purpose of facil-
itating time I should like to have that bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection to the request of the Senator from
Alabama?
Mr. COLE. I must insist on the regular
order. .
Mr. SPENCER. You cannot do anything
with the regular order in this thin Senate.
civil appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
(H. R. No. 3921) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes, is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole ; and the reading of
the bill will be continued.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 6, after line one
hundred and thirteen, to insert the following
clause:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized, in his discretion, to sell the marine hospital
grounds and unfinished east-iron hospital buildings
located in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, and
out of the proceeds of said sale to purchase a more
healthful site for a marine hospital, at a point which
shall be convenient of access to and from the portof
New Orleans, and to erect thereon a pavilion marine
hospital of one hundred and fifty bed capacity, with
the necessary auxiliary structures, in accordance
with designs to be prepared by the Supervising Archi-
tect, to the satisfaction of the. supervising surgeon
of the marine hospital service, and approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury: Provided, That said site
and pavilion hospital shall in no event cost more
than the amount received iroin the sale of the hos-
pitaland groaDdswhich are hereby authorized to be
sold: And provided further, That in case the mate-
rials of the iron hospital buildings can with advan-
tage be used in the construction of other Govern-
ment buildings now being erected, said materials
may be so used, and the amount of the money value
thereof, which shall be determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury, is hereby appropriated for the pur-
poses of the new hospital, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I will offer an amendment
which was omitted in the printing, to come
after line one hundred and forty:
For replacing the worn and mutilated circulating
notes of the national banking association, and for
engraving and preparing in such manner and on
such paper and of such form and design as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, new circulat-
ing notes for such associations to replace notes of
a design and denomination now successfully coun-
terfeited, $600,000: Provided, That each of said
national banking associations shall reimburse the
Treasury the cost of the circulating notes furnished
under this provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 7, line one hun-
dred and fifty-seven, to insert the following
clause:
To purchase one hundred sets of Curtis's Decis-
ions, (twenty-two volumes,) Howard's Reports,
(seven volumes,) and Black's Reports, (two vol-
umes,) of the Supreme Court of the United States
for distribution by the Department of Justice to the
several circuit, district, and territorial judges of the
United States, $12,500; and the Department of Jus-
tice shall be charged with the distribution to the
various judges and courts of the statutes, reports,
and other judicial documents now provided for by
law.
The amendment -was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer an amendment to come
in after line one hundred and sixty-six :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase of Little, Brown & Co., two thousand of the
seventeenth volume of the United States Statutes-
at-Large for distribution agreeably to the act of
Congress directing the distribution of the other vol-
umes, $7,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Is there objection to the'
reception of the amendments at this time?
Mr. WRIGHT. I think that is a question
of such magnitude and of such importance,that
we ought to have a full Senate to consider it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator to withdraw his objection to this mat-
ter, because it is merely continuing the publi-
cation of the statutes as we have done hereto-
fore. There are no more reputable publishers
ill the whole country than Little & Brown, and
I believe their work has always been statis-
factory to the Government.
Mr. COLE. It is usual whenever a new
volume of the statutes is prepared to purchase
it. If the Senator from Iowa will go back to
other years he will find other appropriations
in the same language and for the same amount.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand this comes
from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. It comes from the Secretary of
State making a Special request, but did not
reach us in time to act upon it at oar last
meeting. It has not been acted upon formally,
but I presume there will-be no objection to-it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will-withdraw any objec-
tion, that being the condition'of tie1 recom-
mendation. " -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the amendment will be regarded
as agreed to, and it is agreed to. ' :
Mr. COOPER. I ask the permission of the
Senator from California to let me now proceed
with the bill which was read a few moments
ago.
Mr. COLE. The bill has been read at length
I believe.
Mr. COOPER. Yes, sir; and it will take
no time.
ETHAN A. SAWER.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee asks unanimous consent at this
time to consider House bill No. 2732.
Mr. COLE. I understand there is no objec-
tion to the bill.
Mr. COOPER. I move to amend it by strik-
ing out the words in brackets.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Is.there ob-
jection to the present consideration of the bill ?
Mr. MOERILL, of Vermont. Let it be read
first.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2732) for the relief of Ethan A. Sawyer.,
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by striking out the words "and for
property taken by United States forces and
appropriated for their use."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. . But the
amount is not reduced. Of course the bill con-
templated that this sum was not only for ser-
vices rendered, but for property taken. If this
motion be agreed to, a claim will hereafter be
brought up here for the property taken.' It
seems to me that this is not a bill that ought to
be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. COOPER.' At the last session, the
Senate passed a bill giving Mr. Sawyers treble
this amount of money. This is a mere pittance
for the services that he rendered as a scout to
General Burnside's army and for the burning
of bridges in East Tennessee, by which he
sacrificed everything he had. This appropria-
tion was really made by the House for his ser-
vices as scout and guide, and did not include
the property at all, and is not to pay him any-
thing for the property. About $30,000 of
property was swept away, and this is merely
an appropriation of $5,000 for his services in
the Army.
Mr. MO R It! LI j, of Vermont. I submit to
the Senator from Tennessee that some mem-
ber of the committee who reported the bill
ought to be present when it is considered.
Mr. COOPER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] reported it with a printed
report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. He ought to
be here to explain it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand the Senator
from Tennessee proposes an amendment to this
bill to strike out those words in relation to
property.
Mr. COOPER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I shall certainly resist
it for the reason that this bill was reported by
the committee appropriating $5,000 for the
matters mentioned in the bill. If he strikes
out those words, the party will get $5,000 for
a part of what is allowed in the bill, aud will
then come in at a subsequent session and
get pay for what, is omitted. I shall therefore
object to the bill. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who reported it, is not present.
Mr. COOPER. I merely suggested the
amendment to meet an objection to the word-
ing of the bill. The bill really does not pay
for the property taken. Last year the Senate
passed a bill paying Mr. Sawyers $25,000.
