1873..
THE. CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
Mr. .IIOAR*. I now move as a substitute i
for the pending resolution the one which I read
a moment.since. • . ..
Mr. KERB.., I desire to move an,amend-
ment to the resolution. ... ,. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
ppcUuaetta,. [Mr. , Hoar.,] being- .on the com-
mittee, .has tji.p right to be first heard., , , ,
, Mr. SARGENT. The committee have been
overruled by the.House.
The,SPEAKER- The Chair ohjects to that
statement; the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.-
Wilson] has been, overruled. ,
Mr. SARGENT.,;The committee has .not
been sustained in their resolution. But X have
110 feeling about the. matter., , ; . ., , ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair understand^
the resolution to h^ye: been' .offered by the
gentleman,, from; Indiana individually,;,[Mr.
Wilson,] tjie gentlepian from-Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] on the same committee all the time
coffering from;him.,
Mr. SARGENT. I do not propose to ques-
tion, that.
, The SPEAKER. • Does the gentleman dif-
fer from the Chair as to the right of a. member
of the committee to be heard before him?
■ Mr. t SARGENT. ..Allow-me;- I understood
the chairman of the committee, representing
the majority of the committee, to offer the
resolution. . < - - ■
The SPEAKER.' And then< the minority
of the committee is entitled to be, heard, be-
fore the^gentleman from California.
Mr. SARGENT. I called for the division
upon which the committee was overruled by
the House.
The SPEAKER. A member of the com-
mittee having the subject in charge is entitled
to be heard before other, -members. .' That is
the decision of the Chair. Does'the gentl'e-
man from California appeal from the decision
of the Chair?..
Mr. SARGENT. I do not appeal from the
decision of the Chair ; but when the chairman
of a committee submits a proposition to the
House, it is to be supposed- that he acts for the
committee. • :
The SPEAKER. ■ The gentleman from
Massachusetts, { Mr., Hoar,] whom the Chair
observed to be in antagonism to the gentleman
from■ Indiana, [Mr.. VYilsok,] is entitled,'as
one of the minority of'the committee, to be
recognized before* other members, '• Next,
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
will be recognizedand nest, the. gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr.-Kerr.]. That is the order
of recognition which the Chair;wili-follow-,
Mr. SAJBGENT. I do. not .wish to argue
with the Chair. , ,. . ■ • '
. The SPEAKER. I-t is not the right of the
gentleman to argue \yith the Chair. - • ' ■
, ■ Mr. ,SARGgN'E. The Qhair will, permit
me-to say.tjhat that,is-,the-reason Iidonot wish
to do .it. . , : ■ , . • "l-
. The SPEAKER. • .The .-gentleman,. from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoab] ;moves the,.sub-
stitute which will be read, •
.iT,he iClerk read ag follows: . - >• i
- Resolved, That Joseph B.Stewart bo remanded, to
the custody: of the Sergeant-a,t-Arrns to abide the
further order of the House, and that while in sucli
custody ho be permitted to *e taken before the com1
xaittee of which th.eh.onorait>lc Mr. .Wilson is chair-
man. if he see fit to answer such questions as may fJ<?
lawfully put to.him. ;
Mr. HOAR. I desire to state what appears
to me to -be the,objection; to the- resolution of
the gentleman from California,, [Mr.,sargep.j
If this witness should go before the .committee
and answer, then the,committee, would report
that fact to the House and he, might be dealt
with very lightly.-. If, on. .the othjsr hand, he
comes. before the committee, and refuses to
answer, that fact ,could, bq reported to th®
House; and the question of p.unishmen-t, which
ia the one-the gentleman's resolution points at,
can be considered' then, better than. now.
call for the previous question, on my resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise, to a pomtoforder.
The majority of the .committee, having^ been
overruled, and the minority of the committee
having now been recognized, am I not-entitled
to offer my resolution-as a'substitute for that
offered by .the minority ? . , - - ,
The SPEAKER. , The gentleman, from
Massachusetts has been recognized to .move a
substitute for the pending resolution ; and he
asks the previous question, He has a right
to test tlje sense of the House upon second-
ing the previous question. If it be seconded,
the Honse is brought to an, immediate vote.
Should it .not be seconded, the Chair will
recognize the gentleman'from California, [Mr.
Sargent.]
Mr. KERR. When do I get an opportunity
to come in? • . .. , .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana.[Mr. J£err] will be.recognized next
after the gentleman from California.
Mr. KERR. I hope the demand for the
previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. ' The gentleman
from Massachusetts withdraws for a moment
his call for the previous question, to allow me
to'say a word; • '
The SPEAKER. The demand for the pre-;
vibus question cannot be withdrawn condi;
tiotlially. 'the gentleman must withdraw it
absolutely if he withdraws it at all.' The Chair
understands'the'gentleman froift Massachu-
setts to withdr&'w thfe' demaild f6r the previous
question.' 1,1
Mr. HOAR. ' I do so oh the understanding
that the gentleman from' Indiana will renew it.
The SPEAKER. No uhderstandingof that
kind can be had. - The gentleman must either
insist on his demand for the previous question
or withdraw it. ,
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question; I suppose the gentle-
man from Indiana may renew it if he sees fit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog
hize any understanding that the gentleman
from Massachusetts may have with the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I desire to say
only a single word, with reference to the reso-
lution .offered by me. Jn all the matters con-
nected, with this proceeding,,- which I regard
as,a proceeding, pf very great-importance, if
Ijas Been my desire,, and so far as anything has
emanated, from; the committee I knpw.it has
tj.een the desire of the committee, to follow in
the exact line of the prepedents ;so;far as ,w,e
have been able to ascertain them.; ,, ,
,Now, the-resolution which was offered, by
me after the .resolution of the g'entlpman frpm
Massachusetts,[Mr. Dawes] had been adopted
was a copy of the resolution adopted by the
House, in the case -°f Woolley ;, ,it is in the
exact.iiiie:of,theprecedent.established in that
case. I have myself no feeling in regard to
this matter -T I simply wish to follow in the line
o.f'tbe, precedents which the Ho,use has estabr
iished. ' - ■ - .
, I objected .to the .amendment of the gentle-
man -fro,m California .for the, simple;reason
that the party now at the bar of the House had
objected, to making these disclosures or
answering these .questions because he .main-,
tained it was his privilege to do so in view of
certain confidential relations which he claims
to have occupied toward the parties with whom
he had. acted. I was not willing, therefore,
for one to say we would send the party to jail
until we had -given hjm the opportunity now
to come before the committee and purge him-
self of this contempt .which; has been adjudged
against him by the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts,..[Mr. Dawes.],
.1 now-,. Mr. Speaker, move, the previous
question, on the resolution offered by- the,gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. ,
Mr. KERR-- I,desire now--again to move
my resolution as an amendment, to. the resolu-
tion of my , colleague,. [Mr. VyiLSQN, of In-
diana.] I think , that resolution with my
amendment ought to be adopted. • ■ :
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state:the
precise attitude of the question.,' The; gentle^
man fr6m .Massachusetts [Mr!
committee moved a substitute for. the- resell*'
tion offered by the chairman of the committed
the gentleman from .Indiana,, [Erj .WiLS^S.]
The gentleman.-from California-[Mrk SaB,gejm;]
desires to offer a substitute for both.- The gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr] desires! to
move an amendment to the first resolution.
Should the House refuse to second-the demand
for tlj.e previous question now asked o.u ;the
amendment of the gentleman from, J^ass^qhu;
settsi,,it, will be in order then,to liave the anienfl-r
ments.,of the gentleman fropi California, ah$
the gentleman from Indiana considered.,. The
Chair will now,test the /sense of the .IJou'se. on
seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion. '
Mr. MAYNARD. , ljetiaemakethis;sugges-
tion before the vote is taken, thai as, we have
heard, the amendment of the gentleman frpm
California, we should also have" reported, the
amendment of' the gentleman from Tndiana,
[Mr. Kerr.] ;'
Mr. HOAR. T object.
The House1 divided;' and there were—ayes
fifty-four, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. • The House 'evidently! r.er
fuses to second the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. SARGENT. I now offer my substitute;
which I have slightly modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That J. B, Stewart, n.ow in custody, o£
the Sergeant-at-Arms, be, and hereby, is, committed
to the jail of the District of Columbia, there to be
held, in close confinement, until he be,released'by
further order of the House, .upon his own applica-
tion, saying he has purged himself from- allcontempt
by answering truly fill questions that have been or
may be'propounded to him,by order of the House
through its committee. , , ■ , . , ,
Mr. SARGENT; I think that 'covers the
point.
Mr. KERR. .1 think there ought-to be an
amendment, made to the resolution.' -1 ask that
the Clerk again' read it.
Mr. PLATI. How is he going to get out
of jail to purge himself? " '.
Mr. SARGENT. There will be no, difficulty
about that. . . -  
Mr,.'KERR: 'My,,amendment is that th;e
man at the bar i he discharged] from confine-
ment wheo'he purges bimSelf of the-contempt
for w,bich he is committed, by appearing before
tjie committee or .informing -the.House he is
willing to-do- so. • - ■ - „
Mr. VAN TRUMP. .That is the effect of
the-present amendment.
, :Mr-KERR. ■ I - do not understand that.
This is offered as. a substitute. , . .
. The amendment was again read- - •
Mrv SARGENT. I will modify it by saying
" is' faerebf,adjudged.'.', ,'' '
Mr.. FA'RNSWORTH. .Has' :not,the.House
already adopted one resolutipn? Has not the
House .already adopted ,the resolution of the
gentleman from,Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes ?]
The SPEAKER.. .The,resolution which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
offered, declaring'th4t the answer of the^wit-
ness at the bar was not satisfactory, has been
adopted by the Hduse. That was adopted^ as
the judgment of the House) and the action
now progressing .is based upon that resolu-
tion.' „ , :
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the previous
question. _ '
The previous question was seconded ana tne
main question ordered.
fhe SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
substitute, which,-if adopted in place of the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu;
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] the question wilt then arise:
Will it be adopted in place of the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana; [Mr. Witsosr?J
The Clerk read as follows:!
liebolvcd, That J.B.Stewart, now^ In custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arm'S, be/ and hereby, is, oomniitted
to the Jail of the District.of Columbia, these ta bo
