1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
directed to ascertain and report what is the present
debt of «aid District, including all liabilities incurred
by the Hoard of Public Works thereof, and to fur-
ther ascertain and report what sumwill be required
to finish the work undertaken by the said Board of
Public Works.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
t'emau from New York that the lastpart of
the resolution has 110 proper connection with
the former part of it. If the gentleman desires
to ascertain the facts simply in respect to the
debt, I would suggest that he should not
involve other matters entirely foreign to it,
and that he had better modify his resolution
accordingly.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Does the gentleman
allude to that portion of the resolution which
refers to liabilities incurred by the Board of
Public Works?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; I have reference
to that part of the resolution which instructs
the committee to inquire at the same time
what will be the additional cost of carrying to
completion the present plans. The Board of
Public Works may not be so directly respons-
ible to us as they are to the territorial gov-
ernment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman, I think,
will see the necessity of ascertaining in this
connection what is specified in the latter
part of the resolution, if he reflects that the
work still to be completed will constitute a
debt against the District, and that much of it
is of a character that must be completed. For
instance, where streets have been broken up
and the grading or paving commenced on
them, the work must be carried to completion ;
and that will add somewhat—I do not know
how much—to the debt of the District. And
in order to understand what the debt of the
District really is, we must be informed what
undertakings have been commenced, and what
contingent liabilities incurred in consequence.
Mr. DAWES. It is veij plain that in order
to ascertain what the debt is we must ascertain
what the liabilities of the city are ; but to ascer-
tain what the debt is now, and to ascertain
what it may be if certain designs are carried
out, are distinct things, and I suggest to the
gentleman that he had better keep them
distinct.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. It is very important
that the House should ascertain these facts.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to interfere
with the gentleman, but I think that his very
proper inquiry in relation to the present debt
is coupled with a matter which involves the
propriety of carrying out plans which have
been formed, how far they have progressed,
and how economically and wisely they have
been carried on. Such an investigation would
branch out into a field which would lead the
committee away from the original point, and
they would not be able to report before the
4th of March next.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman mis-
understands the purport of the resolution. It
does not cover such ground as he supposes.
It only includes the cost of the improvements
already under way ; distinct liabilities in the
shape of contracts and other payments will be
necessary in the completion of work already
commenced.
Mr. DAWES. What they will cost when
finished is a very short phrase or statement,
much shorter than the process of ascertaining
these facts, which involve the whole subject-
matter of public improvements in the Dis-
trict, which I do not desire to interfere with,
which I do not desire to express an opinion
about; but if the gentleman will look at the
matter for a moment he will see that his reso-
lution would throw upon his committee a load
which they cannot carry.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I do not intend my
resolution to include so much as the gentleman
supposes. The Board of Public Works have
made contracts which are fixed liabilities, and
they have also undertaken a great deal of
work to be done by day's work, and it is neces-
sary that the extent of these two things shall
beknown to the House, in orderthat the House
may understand how far their law has been
complied with or disregarded.
Mr. DAWES. I see that the chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia is
in the House, and I do not desire to take out
of his hands any matter pertaining to his com-
mittee.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask that the
resolution be again read ; I did not quite under-
stand its scope and purport.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker,
the first part of the resolution is entirely
unobjectionable, the last part certainly must
involve a very lengthy investigation, an investi-
gation once made by the committee, and which
luvolved the labor of weeks and months. It
is very easy to ascertain from published reports
the debt of the District. There is nothing so
clear in all the statements made from all the
departments or boards than the facts in re-
gard to the present indebtedness of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. As to what will be required
to make all the improvements that will be
made here in the course of years, no one can
ascertain that now. We cannot tell what it
will cost to run any department of the Govern-
ment for years in advance. The gentleman
can obtain by reading the published reports
the exact information in regard to the indebt-
edness of the District, about that there is no
dispute, but to go into an investigation which
would require months, taking up the time of
the committee and of the House, to ascertain
what all these improvements will cost when
completed, would be a work which we could
not finish during the present session. In fact,
nobody can tell what the cost will be ; it de-
pends on what Congress may do and upon
what the Legislature of the District may do as
to how extensive the iinprovements may be.
They can do nothing. They can do nothing
unless Congress authorizes it or the Board of
Public Worts, acting under the authority of
Congress, authorizes it. There is to be an in-
vestigation before the Committee on Appro-
priations at their session to-morrow, which will
develop the main facts which the gentleman
seeks to ascertain.
I said to the Committee on Appropriations
this morning that the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia had done what they could
to throw light on this subject. The Governor
of the Territory was present, several mem-
bers of the Board of Public Works were pres-
ent, several members of the committee were
present. All might have been present, and
they are invited to be present to-morrow to
look to this investigation before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. There is nothing in
this matter that is desired to be done under a
cover. The Board of Public Works desires all
the daylight that any man can demand. For
that reason they have this morning been before
the Committee on Appropriations; and the
chairman of that committee requested the
gentleman, [Mr. Roosevelt]—and will Bend
word to him if he has not already done so—to
be present and hear what is to be said as to
this matter of indebtedness, and what is to be
done with it.
Last year the Committee for the District of
Columbia made as full an investigation as it
was possible to do in eight weeks. The peti-
tioners who had demanded the investigation
took up weeks and week* of time; they had
able counsel to represent them on every occa-
sion, and report was made to Congress, and is
now before us in print. If we were to go into
another investigation on the same basis our
committee could develop no new facts. Our
committee and the Board of Public Works are
willing to stand on that investigation; they
are willing on that investigation, and on every
fact that can be elicited now, to go to the
Committee on Appropriations and ask them
what shall be done.
Now, I am not making these objections be-
cause I wish to shut out any daylight, or any
moonlight, or any kind of light, but because
we have done all we could to throw light on the
subject, and the Committee on Appropriations
now propose to act in regard to what shall be
done to cover these expenses so far as the Gov-
ernment has any interest in it. I hope, there-
fore, if the gentleman please, that he will with-
draw his resolution for the present. We do not
want a lengthy investigation precipitated upon
us where no good can be done. Let the gen-
tleman wait until the Committee on Appro-
priations meet to-morrow, and then, if he is
not satisfied wi{h what is developed there, we
can go forward with the investigation.
But if this resolution is adopted as proposed,
and we are required to look into everything
that may be done hereafter, into all future
expenditures, there will be no time before the
close of this se'ssion to complete an investiga-
tion of that character. It would be like in-
quiring what the expenses of the Navy Depart-
ment would be for a number of years; what
will be the expense of the navy-yards, ship-
building, coaling stations here and there; or
what may be the expenses of any other depart-
ment of the Government.
The Board of Public Works of this District
know what they have done, and what expenses
have been incurred. The whole is presented
in tables, and any one can understand them.
And now, thus early, before the Committee
on Appropriations have looked over these
items, every one of which has been given and
submitted to them, and which give informa-
tion enough to enable the committee to act
impartially—now to order this investigation is
to precipitate upon the committee a thankless
job ; one that will do nobody in the world any
food. I hope tha gentleman will withdraw
is resolution for the present, and leave the
matter with the Committee on Appropriations,
where it is now pending, and where the gen-
tleman can go.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. That is precisely the
object I have in view. It is absolutely neces-
sary that the Committee on Appropriations
should understand what nobody now under-
stands but the members of the Committee for
the District of Columbia—the position of this
District in relation to the enormous expendi-
tures that have been made and the enormous
debt that has been incurred in connection
with public improvements here—before they
can intelligently pass on the amount that they
should recommend to be contributed from the
national Treasury for the same purpose.
And I want this House to appreciate the
full importance of the question, wnen I make
the assertion that I am entirely satisfied the
work undertaken by the Board of Public W orks
in the District of Columb<* cannot be paid for
with less than $20,000,000. I want this House
to understand that I make that assertion as a
member of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, having attended this investigation
assiduously, having given my time and atten-
tion to it, and having ascertained outside all
the facts in relation to it I could get.
I think it therefore essential that this motion
should be pressed, in order that, before any
appropriation is reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, they may understand the
fact that it will be but the beginning of the
end; that when the Board of Public Works
come here asking an appropriation, as I un-
derstand they do, of $1,600,000, it is but a
commencement, it is but a flea-bite in com-
parison with what they will demand before
they get through. Under a law which author-
ized them to incur a debt of $4,000,000 they
have undertaken operations which, as I have
said, I believe will cost $20,000,000. They
have utterly disregarded their own plan
improvements, to which they were restricted
by law; they have utterly ignored it from the
beginning, and have in some cases increased
the amounts to ten times those which wer#
