24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
stated in their report aud approved by the
District Legislature.
In order to show you that I do not exagger-
ate, I will give you one or two instances.
They made out what tliey called a "plan of
comprehensive improvement'' for the city of
Washington. One appropriation they asked
for was $90,000 for the improvement of F
street* They had spent when our District
committee had completed the investigation
last spring, $270,000 upon that particular im-
provement, for which they had asked but
$90,000. They asked for the improvement of
the Seventh street road $2,500. They had the
face to come before our committee and say
that that was a mistake, that the amount was
intended to be $25,000; coolly assuming, in
other words, a mistake of figures in a legisla-
tive enactment, and pretending to act upon
that mistake. But let me tell you they spent
on that improvement not §2,500 or $25,000,
but $165,000 for five miles of a country road.
They were required by the organic act and by
the act of the Legislature under which they
were proceeding, to follow the appropriations
passed by the District government, and to
make their contracts in pursuance of and in
compliance with them. When we commenced
our investigation, although a considerable part
of their work had been done and a great deal
more undertaken, they had not made or signed
a single contract. They were doing the entire
work on a system which, they themselves had
established—a plan of a fixed rate for the
work, favorites being employed to do the
work as they pleased, when they pleased, and
how they pleased, without a single contract.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will not object
to the reference of this matter if the gentle-
man desires to have it referred.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. No, sir ; I desire the
matter to be heard and passed upon now. I
do not consent that this matter shall be cov-
ered up. Gentlemen here present will recol-
lect what an effort I made to be heard on this
subject at the last session of Congress—how
important I considered it—and if they have
taken the trouble to read the minority repoM
upon the conduct of the Board of Public
Works, they now find that everything predicted
by the minority has come true. We predicted
then that these very men who were claiming
that they would complete their grand scheme
of improvements for the $4,000,000 they had
asked for and obtained, would come to Con-
gress and ask us to put our hands into the
Treasury of the nation to meet their extrava-
gances. And already are they before us,
commencing with the modest request of
$1,500,000, and looking, unless I am misin-
formed, to obtaining a much larger sum in
the end.
But I was saying that they had not con-
formed to their own plan of improvements
which was approved by the District Legisla-
ture. Let me tell you of a still more flagrant
disregard of legislative enactment, a direct
violation of the organic act under which they
were created. That law provided distinctly
that every dollar they paid out should be dis-
bursed by warrant of the Board of Public
Works drawn upon the District treasurer, an
officer appointed under the act establishing
the District government, an officer respons-
ible to the government, giving bonds for the
faithful performance of his duty, and retaining
in his possession a record of all the amounts
expended, and to whom they were paid.
Now, I want gentlemen to listen to me for one
moment while I tell them what was done by
this board. Without any authority of law
whatever, acting, as they themselves ad-
mitted and as the treasurer himself testified,
under the law only of necessity, with no stat-
utory or legal justification whatever they ap-
pointed one of their own members treasurer.
They then had the audacity to draw from the
District treasurer the entire amount of $4,000,-
000 appropriated for this whole work of im-
provement, and deposit it in solido, in gross
amounts, with their own treasurer, a member
of their own board, but as treasurer holdin'g
an offiec unknown to the law, created only
under the excuse of necessity, and subject to
no supervision by the District authorities
Then they paid out, by warrants on him, and
Hot by warrants on the District treasurer, all
this enormous amount of money, spending it,
as I said, just as they pleased. So it will be
seen there is no record anywhere of what
money they have spent or of what debt they
have incurred.
I only ask this House, knowing as I dp what
was going to come forward, that before they
consent to appropriate any portion of the
nation's money to this purpose they shall
ascertain and comprehend precisely what they
are doing and what they will be called upon
to do in the end. I believe the United States
Government is responsible for a large portion
of this debt. The whole frame-work of the
Government here is entirely undemocratic,
entirely contrary to my idea of what a local
government should be; as my friend [Mr.
Cox] suggests, unrepubliean as well as undem-
ocratic, for I will inform this House that this
Board of Public Works is appointed by the
President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. It is
appointed for four years, and no single mem-
ber of it can be removed without the action of
the President. The President is the only
person who has the least control over it or
can displace a member of that board. Not a
citizen in this District has the power by his
vote, or in any other way, to control the
action of that board, to be represented in it, or
to restrain it or influence it. It is a board
created on the same principles as some of the
worst in the city of New York, established
under the worst political rule we ever had
there. It exists for a permanent term, a
term of four years, and is given almost unre-
stricted power to spend money. The mem-
bers have at least disregarded all restriction.
They have gone on in defiance of law, in
spite bi public sentiment most strongly ex-
pressed^ in alpetition signed by over a thou-
sand property-holders in tjiis District, pre-
sented in this House fast ytear, to spend, not
the $4,000,000 they were authorized tb spend,
not the $2,000,000 additional th'ejr were an-,
thorized to collect from property improved,
bat they have gone on to expend ten or twelve
million dollars in addition. Under theSe cir-
cumstances, the board being appointed by
national authority, being above all local
responsibility, and having incurred this great
debt, it may well be that there is a duty on the
part of Congress to assist the citizens and con-
tribute a portion of the expense, but before
Congress does so it should be acquainted with
all the facts. Take their report, which I have
seen in the papers, but which I do not know
has been submitted to this House ; take their
report and we find that they have run the Dis-
trict into debt some $7,000,000. I have before
me their statement of indebtedness, and I
charge that statement as being utterly false,
utterly unfair, utterly disingenuous.
I will refer in the beginning to the first line
of their list of admitted liabilities. They in-,
elude amoDg what they call their "assets'1
the loan authorized by act of the Legis-
lature of $4,000,000. Four million dollars
among their assets, or money to be ex-
pended by theml Now, what will gentle-
men of this House think when I tell them
that that loan was sold for ninety-four cents
on the dollar; in other words, that there
has been a discount from that $4,000,000 of
six per cent., or $240,000 of these assets.
What will gentlemen think of a report made
on that basis, beginning with that most egre-
giously false and delusive statement? They
then insert the amount of one third assessed on
the property which has been improved, being
$2,000,000 more. They follow that up with
an additional assessment on account of con-
tingent expenses. What do gentlemen sup-
pose that means? No one not acquainted
with the actions of that hoard would compre-
hend that expression or what they were driv-
ing at. A person would naturally ask, what
do they mean by assessment on account of
contingent expenses in their addition to the
whole appropriation allowed them? I will
tell you. When they improved the streets in
the city they were authorized to charge one
third of the expense upon the owners of the
property benefited. They made up all the
expenses, everything that had to be laid out,
everything that was paid for all kinds of work,
and then they charged five per cent, addi-
tional for contingencies. When they had done
everything which, under the law, they were
allowed to do, they added five per cent, for
contingencies. They have not only collected
this from the property-holders, but they have
included it among their assets over and above
Lhe total amount which they were authorized
to expend. So then we have $240,000, being
the six per cent, discount on the four million
loan, and five per cent, for contingencies,
$100,000 more, being $340,000 of false state-
ment in the very first three lines of this report
of the Board of Public Works.
Then is stated the amount due by the old
corporation on account of contracts made by
them and executed by the Board of Public
Works, the amount being $491,000. I do not
know positively what that means, because I
have not yet examined the facts or had an
explanation of its occult significance, but I
think it means this: the street which I have
mentioned, F street, was contracted to be
graded under an ac); of the old corpora-
tion which appropriated $000 for the purpose.
Now, they may say that the work done there
was done under that old law of the corpora-
tion, and they may claim that under a law
appropriating $600 they had the right to ex-
pend $240,000; so on Seventh street or other
places there may, under the same pretense, liave
been spent the balance of the $491,000. So
with the $240,000 discount, the $100,000 con-
tingent expenses, and this $491,000 added to
the amount fixed by the scheme of improve-
ment made by themselves, which was to include
all the improvements in the city of Washing-
ton we have ari amount running up to nearly
600,000 of false statement in this report
the Board1 Of Public W.orks. Then there is
" appropriation by tfnjtied^tajtesi Government
last session," $263,365; "appropriation by
Legislative Assembly," $393,600, as to which
I am not informed; bringing up the amount of
what they call their assets to $7,248,46-3 12.
Among their liabilities they have included,
in the first place, "contracts as per list." I
have already told you they did. not make con-
tracts at all until after our investigation com-
menced, and they have done a great deal
of work outside of contracts. These listed
contracts, however, amount to $6,387,000:
"cost of repairs, avenues and streets and
alleys, &c., not contracted, $£97,190; "cost
of roads and county work," $123,089; " con-
tingent* expenses" ' again $278,000—making,
therefore, an estimated liability of $7,086,000
incurred by the Bpard of Public Works, every
dollar of which Iras been' actually expended
by them, every dollar of which is a liability
existing against the District. But they do not
tell you at the same time that they have com-
menced work which must be'completed, which
will equal in cost the amount they have ajready
expended. But, taking this sum of.$7,086,000,
we have in addition the debt of the old cor-
porations of Washington and Georgetown,
$3,756,381; also the Piedmont railroad sub-
scription, $600,000; water-works loan, $450,-
000; market loan, $300,000; Chicago firo
loan, $100,000. These were the liabilities
last spring when the committee was examin-
ing into the affairs of the District.
I do not know what additional debt has
