988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
held in close confinement until he be released by
further order of tho House, upon his own applica-
tion, saying he has purged himself from contempt by
answering truly all questions which have been or
may be propounded to him by order of the House
through its committee.
Mr. KELLOGG. Should not the time be
limited to the 4th of March next?
The SPEAKER. That is not necessary.
The question being put on Mr. Sargent's
substitute for the amendment of Mr. Hoar., it
was agreed to.
The question was next put on the adoption
of Mi. Sargent's amendment as a substitute
for the resolution of Mr. Wilson, of Indiana;
and there were—ayes 47, noes 58 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays. ■
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEKCE. I ask that the original res-
olution be again reported.
Mr. MAYNARD. And also the substitute.
The resolution and substitute were again
read.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 142, not voting
42; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Beatty, Austin
Blair, Jaines G. Blair, Boles, Benjamin V. Butler,
Cotton, Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Dodds, Dox, Duell,
Ely, Charles Foster, Harableton, Harper, John W.
Ilazelton,Holman,Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis,
Manson, Marsliall, McNeety, Merriam, Merrick,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Silas L Niblack, Packer,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Read, John M. Rice, Bitehie,
Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Slocuin, Snapp,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Sutherland, Swann,
TalTe. Terry, Van Trump, Waddell, Walden, and
Winchester—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barnum, Barry, Krasmus W. Beck, James
B. Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Boarman, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Butlinton, Burehard, Burdett,
Roderick It. Butler, Carroll, Cobb, Coburii, Conger,
Cox, Cntcher, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, DuBose,
Duke, Dutincll, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, l'lsty,
Farnsworth, Fnrwcll. Finkelnburg, Porker, Henry
D. poster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Gartield, Bar-
rett, Getz, Giudmgs, Uolladay, Giillitb, Halsey,
Hancock, Hundley, llaraiey, George E. Harris, Ha-
vens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Gerry \Y. llazelton, Herelord. llerndon,
Hibbavd, Hoar, Ivolley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr,
Kctcham, King, Laniwm, Lynch, Maclntyre. May-
nard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Mcllanry,
McJunkin, MoKee, MuKiriuov, Benjamin X'\ Mey-
ers, Mooie, Moroy, Morplns, Leonard Myers, Wil-
iiara K Niblaek, Packard, Palmer, Isaac 0. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton. Perco, Perry, Peters, Potter,
Price, it:ii!)"V, Randall, Edward Y. llice, Ellis H.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, John Rogers, Roose-
velt, Sawyer, Sixuons, Shank*, Sheldon. Shella-
barger, Shober, Shooniakei, Slater, Sloss, 11. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith Worthington C. Smill*;
Snyder, Speer, Stovunsou, Storm, Stoughton, Stow-
ell, St. John, Sypher, Turner, Xntbill, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, Waldron. Wallace, Warren, VVells,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Johu X. Wilson, and
Young—112.
NOT VOTING—Messr«. Ambler, Amos, Bell,
Bigby, Bird, Brooks, Bunnell, Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Coglilan, Comingo, Conner, Crccly, Crocker,
Diekey, Goodrich, llaldeman, Hale. Hanks, John
T. Harris, Hill, Ilooper, Houghton, Killingcr, Kin-
sella, Lowe, McClelland, Neglcy, Orr, Hosea W.
Paiker, Pi indie, Rubinson, Scolield, Seeley, Sher-
wood, Thomas, Dvvight Town^end, Washington
Townsend, TwichelJ, Vaughan. Voorhocs, Willard,
Williams of New York, and Wood—4'A.
. So the substitute was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the resolution
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Indiana.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent to
offer an amendment to the resolution of my
colleague, to insert after the word " custody''
the words "in the jail of the District of
Columbia."
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. Then let us reconsider
the previous question ; we do not want merely
to pay this man's hotel bill.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been partially executed it is not open
to reconsideration.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I move to lay the
resolution on the table, and then we can offer
another resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Has the previous ques-
tion been ordered upon the resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wilson?]
The SPEAKER. Of course; upon the
whole matter.
Mr. SARGENT. I think the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] might allow
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] to be voted on.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is in substance what
I have voted against just now.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I insist upon my
motion to lay the resolution on the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Sargent's
motion ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution offered by Mr. Wilson, of Indiana;
and being put, there were on a division—ayes
75, noes 60.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The resolution reads that
"the said Stewart shall be required to state
forthwith, or so soon as the House shall be
ready to hear him, whether he is now willing
to appear before the committee of this House
to whom he has hitherto declined to make
answer and make answer to the questions
for the refusal to answer which he has been
ordered into custody." It is the duty of the
Chair, under the resolution of the House,
unless objection be made, to address that
question to the person at the bar.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Will the gentleman be enti-
tled to an hour?
Several Members. Oh ! no.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following reso-
lution, upon which I demand the previous
question :
llesolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms, in executing
the order of tho House in relation to the custody of
Joseph B. Stewart, shall keep the said Stewart in
custody in tho jail of the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWQRTH. I object to that res-
olution.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it not privileged?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the House has
actjd definitively upon the subject, and the
privilege is exhausted; otherwise a resolution
of this character might be offered every five
minutes during lhe residue of the session
It is the duty of the Chair to address the
inquiry which the Chair is instructed by the
resolution to address to the vitness at the
bar, and a categorical answer only is in order.
Are you now willing to appear before the
committee of this House to whom you have
hitherto declined to make answer and make
answer to the questions, for the refusal to
answer which you have been ordered into
custody ?
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, and the
House of Representatives, I disclaimany con-
tempt of the authority of this House or its
committee, as in my testimony and before this
House I have stated that I have fully answered
all questions except as to those matters which
came and solely came to my knowledge in
my relation as counsel, and I respectfully pro-
test against being required to do so, and do
decline to disclose anything confided to me as
counsel.
The SPEAKER. The witness at the bar is
in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. SARGENT. What kind of warrant
will be made out? There is no place of com-
mitment mentioned in the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Just the kind that is
always made out. It is the duty of the Clerk
to make out the warrant, and the duty of the
Speaker to sign it. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia insists that his resolution is a question
of privilege. Now, the House hasaeted defin-
itively upon this subject, and if his resolution
were privileged we might have a resolution
offered the next moment to send the witness
to the penitentiary at Albany, and that would
be privileged ; and the next moment a reso-
lution to send him to the State prison at
Charlestown, Massachusetts, and that would
be privileged; and so on ad infinitum. The
gentleman will observe that the privilege is
exhausted.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no place men-
tioned to which this person is to be committed.
The SPEAKER. He is in the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms. If the committee to
which this subject is now committed shall again
bring the question before the House, it then
becomes privileged, and the House can pass
upon it anew. But on the statement made by
the committee, and on the facts submitted by
them, the House has definitely acted and made
its order.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to respectfully
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Tho SPEAKER. An appeal having been
taken from the decision of the Chair, the
Chair will state that this matter was brought
before the House by the committee. It has been
fully adjudicated by the House. The House
has voted upon sundry and diverse proposi-
tions, and has come to a final resolution
thereon, ordering a distinct thing to be done,
imposing a duty on two officers of the House;
first, on the Speaker, to address a certain
question to the witness, and next on the Ser-
geant'at-Arms, to take him into custody. The
Chair decides that on that statement from the
committee, as a privileged question, by the
action of the House the privilege is exhausted.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
dpsires to offer a resolution proposing to make
another disposition of the subject than that
which the House has just made by its vote.
The Chair has ruled out his resolution as not
pertaining to a question of privilege, and the
gentleman appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me. My resolution
proposes<to make no other disposition of the
matter than simply to direct how the order of
the House shall be carried out.
The SPEAKER. The question is on lay-
ing on the table the appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The motion was agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 109, noes 34.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair takes this
occasion to say, and he says it with great
solemnity, being just sustained by the House,
that this i3 the third occasion, which he has
observed with great pain, where a minority,
discontented with the result of the majority
vote, has attempted to override a well-settled,
positive, direct, unmistakable rule of the
House, in order to get at what the rules would
not allow to be done.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me one word. Could
anything be more frank and manly than to offer
a resolution expressing plainly on its face and
in its purport the object for which it was sub-
mitted 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair regrets to say
that 
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. RITCHIE. It, is not in the province of
the Chair to criticise any action of the minority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a right to
regret that what is against the rules should bo
sought to be obtained by overruling a decision
which hethinks, in their cooler moments, every
member of this House must sustain. And the
Chair will say to the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Ritchie] that what he is now taking the
liberty to say is of far greater importance to
the minority with which the gentleman from
Maryland is honorably associated than it can
possibly be to the majority of this House.
