1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
Mr. ELDREDGE. That is a matter of
opinion.
Mr. RITCHIE. If the Chair can thus in-
dulge in criticism of the action of members,
the privilege is mutual, and members^ may
likewise indulge in criticism of the Chair.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the Chair object to
my appealing from his decision ? .
Mr. LYNCH. I ask leave to submit a res-
olution for consideration now.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish the Chair would
answer my question, whether his regret is that
1 appealed from his decision ?
The SPIOAKER. His regret is very great.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not regret it at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] asks permission to submit for
consideration a resolution which the Clerk
will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the committees of this House
charged with tho investigation of the Credit Mobil-
ier, and other matters connected with the Pacific
railroads, bo, and tliey hereby are, instructed to re-
port to this House any case of contempt on the part
of any witness who may appear before them, with
all the grounds of such refusal, that the House may
pass judgment in the case without transferring the
investigation from the committee to itself.
Mr. DAWES. I think we should leave
this matter with the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM, I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the resolution is not before the House.
OKDBROF BUSINESS.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the regular order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the fortification appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BAN KS. There is a special order that
has been fixed for to-day to the exclusion of
all other business. I propose to ask the atten-
tion of the House for only a few minutes upon
that subject.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate._
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes fifty one, noes not
counted.
So the motion of Mr. Randall was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the fortification appropriation bill; but the
gentleman from Massachusetts, chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, is entitled
to the floor on a bill which was made a special
order for to day to the exclusion of all other
orders, a bill for the reorganization ot the con-
sular system of the United States
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the title of the
bill be read, and then 1 will make a very brief
statement.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as fol-
lows:
An act (S. No. 472) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," passed August 18,185b, and tor
other purposes.
Mr. BANKS. There is no time to-day for
the proper consideration of this bill; and I
move that it be postponed until Thursday of
next week, to take its place then, subject to
the same conditions.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order will be made. _
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the order was made; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
christiana 1UYJ5R, delaware
Mr. BIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Jlosolvcd, That the Secretary of War be requested
to cause to be made an examination and survey of
the Christiana river, in the State of Delaware, with
a view to ascertain the practicability of dredging and
improving the same, so as to afford greater protec-
tion and facilities to commerce; and that ho report
to the House of Representatives upon the feasibility
of making such improvements, and th§ probable
cost thereof.
Mr. SAWYER. I move the reference of
the resolutioa to the Committee ou Com-
merce.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that motion will
be agreed to.
There beingno objection, the resolution was
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
fortification appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now renew
my motion, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the fortifica-
tion appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Eldkedce
in the chair,) and proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 3352) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs
of certain fortifications, and other works of
defense.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent that the first reading of the bill
be dispensed with.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The bill was read at length.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
by paragraphs for amendment.
The following was read:
For Fort Washington, Potomac river, Maryland,
$25,(100.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend by
striking out the paragraph just read. I make
this motion pro forma, for the purpose of
objecting again, as I have done for several
years, to these annual appropriations for keep-
ing in repair and making improvements upon
all these old forts, which have been demon-
strated, over and over again, to beutterly use-
less in time of war. We have year after year
the same chapter of appropriations, almost
identical, ranging from $25,000 upward, to
take care of these old forts and make improve-
ments upon them. No reason is ever given
for the appropriations, I believe, except that
they are estimated for. The officers in charge
of these forts simply say that they want the
money to make these repairs and improve-
ments; and it is always an even sum—§25,000,
or $50,000, or some other large sum. There
are never any odd dollars or odd cents. I
wish the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nib-
lack] who has charge of the bill would give
us some reason for these appropriations. Last
winter, when, I believe, he had charge of the
same bill, he promised us, if I remember
rightly, that the present year the committee
would try to do better, and reduce these appro-
priations as much as possible. I wish he would
tell the House and the country what necessity
there is for expending $2,000,000, as we pro-
pose to do by this bill, upon those forts, most
of which are old fortifications, which I think
every military man in the land would say must
in time of war be utteily useless as defensive
works against the gunnery of an enemy. It
appears to me that this money might as well
be thrown into the sea.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman,
all civilized Governments, as a matter of or-
dinary precaution, of common prudence, con-
struct some sort of fortifications to defend
those portions of their territory most liable to
attack by means of naval warfare. _ The pre-
cedent in this country is well established, that
we will, to some extent at least, follow these
suggestions of common prudence and ordinary
precaution in such matters. As I have ex-
plained on former occasions, which I did not
think necessary to repeat here to day, thegreat
improvements in the kind of guns we now use,
the immensely large guns which came into use
during our late civil war, have rendered our
old fortifications comparatively useless. They
are no longer large enough and capacious
enough, in every respect, to allow us to mount
the large guns which are now used for defensive
purposes on our harbor and sea coast defense.
For several years past Congress has been
making appropriations, from a million and a
half to two million dollars each year, for the
purpose of reconstructing and repairing and
readjusting our old fortifications so as to make
them of service in mounting this new class
of improved guns. I know there has been
some opposition to this policy, and especially
from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] but the House has nevertheless each
year determined to appropriate about this
sum of money. Some of these fortifications
have already been disposed of, and others
estimated for and appropriations reported for
them from year to year. This Fort Washing-
ton, to which the gentleman makes his amend-
ment, is one of the fortifications, which needs
repair and improvement in the same way
as the other old fortifications in older to make
it fit to receive these larger and heavier guns.
Everybody who has looked at this fort, every
visitor to this particular fort, understands per-
fectly it holds the key to the city of Washing-
ton so far as the Potomac river is concerned ;
and I believe it is a matter of history, and if I
am incorrect in this older gentlemen, who have
read more books than I have, will be able to
correct me, that the city of Washington fell
into the hands of the enemy in the war of 1812
through want of sufficient force in charge of
this work at Fort Washington, or by reason,
as is sometimes alleged, of the want of fidelity
of the gentleman who had command at that
time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will take the
floor, so that the gentleman may not be cut
off, and will yield my time to him for further
explanation.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Last year we
made a small appropriation for this fortifica-
tion. This year the committee have given the
subject careful consideration and have recom-
mended $25,000 for this particular fort, which
needs enlargement inasmuch as the banks are
being undermined by the action of the current
of the river. I ask the Clerk to read an extract
from the report of the chief of engineers for
the current year bearing on this particular
fortification in reference to which the gentle-
man's amendment is offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Fort Washington, Potomac river, Maryland, in
charge of Major William P. Craighill, corps of
engineers.—This fort occupies an important position
on the outer line of defense of the cities of Alexan-
dria, Washington, and Georgetown and their de-
pendent interests. Tho line requires strengthening
by tho introduction of guns of tho heaviest caliber.
"Projects of earthen barbette batteries to occupy
positions immediately north and south of the main
work, as well as plans for the modification of the
existing water-battery, have been some time pre-
pared, but their construction could not be begun
lor want of funds. No expenditures during the
year.
"Amount appropriated forfiscal year ending June
30,1873, $21,000. „ ,
Appropriation asked for next fiscal year, $-5,000.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I will say, in
addition to what I have already stated, that
if we appropriate for any forts this year I think
this is one we ought to include. I shall not
detain the House longer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is as deserving
as any of them, and I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to allow this bill to be
informally passed over with the recommenda-
tion that it shall be reported to the House, as
I wish to take up another bill, in regard to the
Boston post office.
Mr. FARN6WORTH. I object to that.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Then I  ve
that the committee rise and report '.he bi.l to
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
