1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■1840
not be stricken out. It does seem to me a
great hardship. These men have been in the
employ of the House of Representatives for
several years; every one of them is minus an
arm or leg and one of them is minus both
arms. They have been provided for for years.
While I was in the other House they were
always provided for, so that they might do
little chores around the Hall between the ses-
sions, and I never have known any objection
made to it before. It does seem to me it. is
too meritorious a thing to be stricken out so
as to save the paltry sum appropriated to these
men, who have no business by which to obtain
a livelihood.
Mr. SAWYER. I will state, in addition to
what has been said by the Senator from Illi-
nois, that I made inquiry to-day to know
whether there were any men similarly situated
in the Senate wing of the Capitol, and I find
that the men who perform similar duties here
are paid the year around just the same. As
this paragraph will affect but these thirteen
crippled men, I think it ought not to be stricken
out. Indeed I was not aware that it was
stricken out in committee until I was so in-
formed to-day.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senate will not
strike it out. It seems to me a matter of ex-
treme economy without any necessity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the paragraph will be regarded
as standing in the bill, as the Chair proceeds
by the official print, unless there be some ob-
jection or some motion to strike out.
Mr. COLE, My motion was to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California moves to strike out the
paragraph which has been read, and the ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment pro-
posed by him striking out the paragraph.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 13, after line two
hundred and eighty-eight, to insert the follow-
ing :
To pay five laborers in the old part of the Capitol
and five watchmen in reservation two, twenty per
cent, on their pay for the years ending June 30,
1871, and June 30, 1872, as authorized by the eight-
eenth section of the act of July 28, 1866, $2,880, or
somueh thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, after
line three hundred and twenty, to insert the
following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Warrington Summers a sum sufficient to make his
salary, Irom Jane 1,1869, to March 1,1870, that of a
fourth class clerk in the Fifth Auditor's Office, $150 or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, line
three hundred and thirty-three, to reduce the
appropriation "to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to collect captured and abandoned
property of the United States, and to collect,
procure, and preserve all vouchers, papers,
records, and evidence, and to take testimony as
to claims against tbe United States, to be paid
only upon the certificate of the Commissioners
of Claims," from $150,000 to $70,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, to
strike out from line three hundred and thirty-
five to line three hundred forty-two, inclusive,
the following words:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to organize
and send out parties to observe the transit of Venus
in December, 1874, and to detail two vessels of the
Navy from the Asiatic or Pacific stations to convey
parties to the points selected for observation, which
he is hereby authorized to do, $100,000, to be ex-
pended by the commission created by the act of
June 10,1872.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to organize
Pill-ties to observe the transit of Venus in December,
1874, $100,000, to be expended by the commission
created bv the act of June 10,1872; Provided, That.no
part of tins appropriation shall be covered into the
Treasury until the objects for which it is madeshall
have been accomplished: Andprovtdedfunher, that
the Secretary of the Navy is hcroby authorized to
detail two vessels of the Navy from the Asiatic or
Pacific stations to convey parties to the points
selected for observation with which there is no reg-
ular communication.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 18, to
strike out lines four hundred and twenty-two
and four hundred and twenty-three, in the fol-
lowing words:
For recorder of land titles in Missouri, 8500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued to
line four hundred and eighty-three.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to change
the amount in line four hundred and eighty-
three to $40,000, and the amount in the next
paragraph to $30,000, so as to give a greater
amount of tlje appropriation for surveying
timbered land in Oregon, which we find great
difficulty in getting surveyed. If there is no
objection I should like to make that change!
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to the
first part of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon asks unanimous consent to
propose an amendment at this time.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator had better
wait until we get through with the amendments
of the committee.
Mr. CORBETT. Very well; I will wait.
Th.e PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be continued.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that in line four hundred and
ninety-five, after the word "standard" the word
"lines" apparently should be inserted. If
there be no objection this clerical omission will
be corrected.
The reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was on page 22, after the line five
hundred and twelve to insert the following
clause:
And for completing the survey of and rendering
accessible the Yellowstone national park, in the
Territories of Wyoming and Montana, $15,000, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, to be available for immediate use,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, after
line five hundred and thirty-nine, to insert:
For the survey of exterior boundaries of Indian
reservations, and subdividing portions of the saine,
$250,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
may as well go out. I do not know why there
is any necessity for spending $250,000 about
the boundaries of our Indian reservations.
Mr. COLE. It is alleged by the Department
to be more for the benefit of white settlers as
a general thing than for Indians. This is to be
used, as I am informed, in the Indian terri-
tory and in several of the States and Terri-
tories in surveying the reservations set apart
for Indians. I happen to know that in my own
State, where there are some three reserva-
tions for Indians, they are encroached upon
by white settlers, and there has been a great
deal of complaint during this winter and at-
tempts to get through a bill to relieve the set-
tlers upon what is called the Round Valley
reservation in that State, the seltlers having
occupied something like five sixths or six
sevenths of the whole reservation, encroach-
ing in that way upon the reservation. This I
only cite, ho.wever, as an instance of cases of
the kind which are said to exist in other
places as well as there. The amount asked by
the Department was twice the amount named
in the amendment. I might take time, if it
were worth while, to have the communications
read from the Indian Office, and also from the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the De-
partment ask for it I will not object,.
Mr. COLE. It is recommended by the
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued tbe reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was en page. 34, line Are iuin-
dredand sixty-two, after the word "-dollars,"
in the appropriation of $520*000 " to defraythe
expenses connected , with • tbe ' appraisal and
sale of the tracts of land ill the State of Ne-
braska, belonging to the Omaha,; Pawnee,
Otoe, and Missouria, and the Sac aitd Fox of
Missouri tribes of Iadian r iu_ accordance with
the provisions of an. act entitled "An act for
the relief of certain tribes of Indians in the
northern superintqndency," approved June
10, 1872," to insert the following:
Said amount to be reimbursed from the proceeds
of the sale of said lands; and the sum of $297,890 25
is hereby appropriated, out of any money not other-
wise appropriated, to pay arrears of interest found
due the Gbiekasaws under estimate -of the Depart-
ment of the Interior under the Chickasaw treaties
of 1832, &c.
Mr. COLE. I think the "&c." ought to
be stricken out. I do not like the souad of
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified, if there be no objec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to. ...
Mr. SCOTT. I now move to add after line
three hundred and sixty-eight an amendment
of which I gave notice, and which has been
omitted from the printed bill, as I am in-
formed, by mistake. I ask leave to offer it
now. After line three hundred and sixty-
eight, on page 16, I move to insert:
For the expenses-of the Joint s«I«efc committee-on
alleged outrages in the southern States, the sum of
SI,087 20, the said sum to be carried for the purpose
to the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. That was really agreed to
by the committee, but left out by a mistake of
the Clerk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the amendment will be consid-
ered as agreed to.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that is not the
place for it.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, that is the place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued tbe reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 25, linesix hundred
and one, to reduce the appropriation "for the
support, clothing, medical and moral treat-
ment of the insane of the Army and Navy, reve-
nue cutter, and volunteer service, who may have
become insane Binee their entry into the
service of the United States, and of the indi-
gent insane of the District of Columbia, in the
Government Hospital for the Insane, including
$500 for books, stationery, and incidental
expenses," from $130,000 to $125,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I ask my friend from Cali-
fornia to yield a moment to let me pass a bill.
We have made progress of seventeen pages in
an hour, and I understood he would allow us
to take up some other bills and consider
them.
Mr. COLE. If it is a mere matter of form,
as the Senator urges, I will now in that case
give way, owing to my notice at the outset
when the Senate was very thin.
Mr. WILSON. Let the appropriation bill
go on longer.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better go on
with it; but I will not make a formal ob-
jection.
Mr. WEST.
bill No. 3999.
ASSISTANT ADJUTANT GENERAL,
The bill (H. R. No. 3999) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriation for the
support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870," approved March 3, 1869, was
read for information.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
I ask leave to call up House
