990
.®HB^<3DN6RESSI€>K-lt! &LQBI.
January 31,
•The • committee accordingly rose ;■ • a-rtd,- the
Speaker having resumed; the chair, Mi". Eld-
rkdge reported that the .Committee of the
Whole on the state of< the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union under considera-
tion, ,and especially- a bill (II. It. No. 3352)
making appropriations for' the construction,
{(reservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions, and other works of defense, and had di-
rected- him to report the same back - to the
House with the recommendation that it do
pass. ■ •
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I move the
previous question on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a -third time.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
taken, there, were-^-ayes 74, noes 13 ; no quo-
rum voting.
■ Mr. HOLMAN. There is no necessity for
the bill; but, as 1- see the House wishes to pass
it, I do not insist on further count.
•So the bill was ordered-to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill wis passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion -was agreed to. '
message from tiie senate).
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sos, one of its clerks, informed, the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles ; in which- the -concurrence of the
House was requested : .
A bill (S. No. 1267) extending the time for
the completion of theJ Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-canal;
A bill (S. No. 1483} creating the 6ollection
district of southern Oregon ; -
A bill (8. No. 940) for the relief of William
Webster, of Maine; and
" A bill (S. No. 1354) in relation to mineral
lands.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills of the House of
the following titles; with amendments; i'ntfhich
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A hill (H. R. No. 2958) granting a pension
to Joseph Greer;
A. bill (EI. 11. No. 44f>) to abolish the office
of suiveyor at the port of Chester, Pennsyl-
vania, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2509) granting a pension
to Mary E- Snivelj and Mavilla S. Snively ; ,
■ A bill (H. It. No. 309) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to -refund certain
moneys to James O. P. Burnside ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2797) providing for the
payment to the Government of Japan from
the indemnity fund the sum due on account of
rents for lands and buildings occupied by the
diplomatic and consular representatives of the
United States to Japan and for other pur-
poses ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2539) for the relief of
Frederick Walter, company A, fourth United
States artillery.
Hie message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment bills ot the House of the following
titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2499) granting a pension
to Mary A. Miller;
A bill (H. It. No. 1808) for the relief of H.
H. Meredith, late postmaster at Wade, Bed-
ford county, Virginia;
A bill (H. li._ No. _ 1562) for the relief of
Captain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Hunt-
ingdon, Pennsylvania;
A bill (II. R. No. 2414) granting a pension
to Mrs. Abigail Chaplin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2487) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Black;
A bill (II. R. No. 2903) for the relie.f of
James F.- Casey, cbllector of the port of .Nev?'
Orleans; *!
■A bill (S'- 'R- No. 2510) granting a pension
£o Amos Farlirig;
A bill (,H. R. N,o. 2511) granting a pension,
to Garrolt Flemming;
• A bill (H. R. :No,i2$14) grafting a pension
to Itosa Hoon ;,
A bill (PI. R. No. 2513) granting a pension
to Mary 0/ Donald ;, ,.
A bill (H. R. No. 2512) granting a pension
to Susan W. Mechern ; ,
A bill (IJ. R. No. 2503) granting a pension,
to Richard B. Crawford ; . • -
A bill (H, R. No. 2525) granting a pension
to Lucinda Thompson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2452) granting a pension
to Abigail Striker;
A bill (H. R. No. 2544) granting a pension
to Robert G. Wilson ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2346) granting a pension
to Daniel Wooden.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) tbe
House adjourned^.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By-Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of E.
B. ICelley and 28 others, captains of vessels
sailing from the ports of Boston and Charles-
town, Massachusetts, and ,the memorial of
David Roach and 187 others, owners, captains,
seamen, aud others interested in vessel prop-
erty and shipping in Barnstable, county, Mas-
sachusetts, praying .that tbe law enacted at the
last session of Congress entitled "An act for
the,better protection of seamen," &c., maybe
repealed,
Also, the memorial pfThaddeus C.,Defries
and 38 cithers, citizens of iSfantucket, Massa-
chusetts, praying the passage, of an act mak-
ing goods imported from foreign countri.es
and remaining in the original cases subject to
taxation for Slate and municipal purposes at
the same-rate fis other; merchandise held by
citizens of the State-
By Mr. COBURN.: The petition of citizens
of Portsmouth, Virginia, asking the passage
of .a law providing industrial, homes for the
orphans of sailors and soldiers.
By Mr. ,HALSEY:, The petition of .Admiral
Johu De Camp, for pay according to rank. ,
,B.y Mr. KENDALL: The petition of as-
sayerg of bullion and ores, doing business in
the State of Nevada. .
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 31, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D. . -
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. llo. 8503) restoring tbe
names of certain persons to the pension-roll,
and in amendment of an act entitiled "An
act granting pensions to the survivors of tbe
war of 1812,'' approved February 14, 1871,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, with the
leave of the Senate, I desire to withdraw the
motion I entered the day before yesterday, to
reconsider the vote authorizing a conference
on the Indian appropriation bill.- I think it
will have to go to a conference, and, with the
leave ol the Senate, I withdraw the motion'to
reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks consent to withdraw his
nvotiorf to'reconsider ihe vote by which a con-
ference committee was ordered on the part of'
the Senate upon the disagreeing rotes of the
t>vo Houses on the amendments to the bill
(H. R. N-o.' 2989) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, ana for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1874, 'and for other pur-
poses. If there be -no objection, the motion
to reeonsidet- will be regarded as withdrawn,
and tbe conference ordered. The Chair hears
no objection. The Chair, under the order here-
tofore made, appoints as conferees on the part
the Senate tbe Senator from Minnesota, Mr.
Wisdom, the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Har-
lan, and the Senator from Kentucky, Mr.
Stevenson.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented petitions of the
Rutland County National Bank, the National
Bank of Rutland, the Rutland Savings Bank,
and the Baxter National Bank, all doing busi-
ness in the State of Vermont, praying for the
abolition or diminution of the taxes upoii the
business and capital of banks; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
national banks of Cleveland, Ohio, praying
for the entire removal,of the tax upon State
and national banking institutions ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCO IT. I present a' petition, numer-
ously signed by invalid pensioners residing in
the State of Pennsylvania, wbo represent that
under the operation ,of the act of March 3,
1865, which required pensioners in the civil
service to surrender their certificates, which
act was repealed in June, 1866, they were de-
prived of their pension for the period inter-
vening between the 3d of March,. 1865, and
June, 1866; and they,ask the enactment of a
law giving, them a, right,to that pension. I
move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. , '
Mr. EDMUNDS. That matter .has been
reported upon, adversely two. or. three times,
and the petition had better go on the table.
Mr, SCOTT.. : Wa$; it, reported on at this
session ?
Mr. EDMUNDS., I think; so; I know it
has been acted on unanimously by the com-
mittee,. and reported adversely. It is certainly
useless to refer the petition to the Committee
on Pensions at this period of the session. I
only speak because my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Prajt] is not present.
Mr. SCOTT. If the matter has been re-
ported .upon adversely at this session, of course
the petition may as well lie, on the table.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CQLE. I present -a petition which I
have received from Bergen, New Jersey, ad-
dressed to thq Senate and House of Represent-
atives ot the United States in relation to the
issue of United States notes in place of national
bank notes. It sets forth that '' in view of
the fact that the people of this nation are pay-
ing to the national banks about $14,000,000
yearly as a pension or subsidy for nothing but
tbe use of their bank bills, to circulate as
money, we, the- undersigned citizens of tbe
United States, respectfully but urgently demand
such legislation as will compel the -national
banks to retire their whole circulation, and
the United States borids deposited in the
Treasury to the ei'edit of said banks, as security
for their circulation, be paid and canceled by
tbe issue, of a sufficient amount of United
States:notes, to the end that the Treasury of
the United States be the only bank of issue
in this nation." This petition is numerously
signed, and I concur in the main features of it,
and believe fully with the petitioners that the
circulating medium of the United States should
be United States notes in place of national
bank notes, in which event the national cur-
rency would be a portion of the national debt
