THE CONGRESSIONAL' GEOBIi
bearing no' interest, and 'the butden upon the
people 'would,foe lightened, as I believe, to the
etfteni*of full fourteen millions, and more than
that in my judgnie'nt. I move that thei peti-
tion lie* on the table,'inasmuch as-a bill on'the
subject has been reported from the Finance
Committed and-.is 6n the Calendar. ■
The motion was agreed to.
" :Mr.: WILSON presented the petition of
Lucius R. Eastmap, of Massachusetts, pray-
ing .Congress to take such initiative measures
as may be deemed best to secure a joint com-
mission, composed of-one or more delegates
from each -of the nations of the earth, who
will eliminate a code of rules whereby to reg-
ulate the intercourse of 'nations and also to
settle' all controversies without an appeal to
war, and also praying that Congress will take
such -measures as to secure the drsarmametit
of nations as soon, as "possible,;, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
. Ele also presented a -petition of citizens of
the State of New York, praying for the pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to b§ used as, a
beverage within the .United States Territories
and the District of Columbia; .which, was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a 'petition'of citizens of
the:United States, late soldiers and sailors'-in
the volunteer army and '-navy, in favor of the
passage of a bill to provide industrial homes
and training schools for the orphans of the
soldiers and sailors who served in the Army
and Navy of the United'States during the war
of the rebellion; which was referred to the!
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Michael Coney, late private company I one
hundred and twenty--fourth Ohio infantry vol-
unteers, praying to be allowed an invalid pen-
sion ; which Was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. .
Mr. RANSOM presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina, remonstrating
against the repeal of the bankrupt'law: which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition , of
William H. Manning,' of the 'county 6f Van
Baren,"Iow;A,!praying bompensation for "Cer-
tain timber and injury to' real property ; 'which
was referred-to the Committee oh Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of the
national Banks of Bangor, Maiue,'In favor, of
the removal of bank taxes ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying that a post
route be established across the' island of St.
Helena in that State ; which was referred "to
the Committee on'PostOfficesandPostRoads.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented amemo-
rial of the Legislature of Dakota Territory,
praying for a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the "Dakota Central railroad;
which was referred to the.Committee oh Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr." ALCORN presented a petition'of citi-
zen's of Tishomingo, Mississippi, praying com-
pensation for the destruction, of a school'-hoflse
by the-United States-forces, the-material 'of
which was used for the- erection of barracks
and quarters ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-'
t.ion of Elizabeth Wing Catlin and her sisters,
the-daughter of George Catlin, deceased, pray-
ing Congress to purchase certain portraits
and cartoous relating to the North American
Indians owned by their father; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
JViHiam 0. Weaver, of Chagriu Falls, Cuya-
hoga county, Ohio, late private in company
G forty-first regiment Ohio infantry volun-
teers, praying to be allowed a pension'; which1
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Thomas Gaff, of Aurora, Indiana, praying
coiSapeiisaition to- the amount of $2,763' OT,
being the Value of 60§fifTons of hay actu-
ally delivered and'receipted for by the Author-
ized agents of; the United States under -a-con-
tract.r.egularly entered rntor-with the Govern-
ment; -which iWjas referred to the Committee on
Claims. , .
Mr, NYE presented the petition of Del-
phine P. Baker, praying compensation for the,
use by-the Gover.nm.ent of and inji^ry to cer-
tain property of he,rs: which was referred, to
the Committee on .Military Affairs^
_ Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of Pentisylvania,-asking a grant of
money to aid the "American Printing-House
for the'Blihd which was ordered to lie on
the table; •
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND KEFERKED.
On motion-of Mr. MORRILL, "of Maine,
it was .
Ordered, 3>hat the petition and -papers of George
Fisher be taken ftnrp the flies of. the Senate and
referred to the Conimittee on Military Affairs.
EAST TENNESSEE UNIVERSITY VETO.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair • at
this point will present, a message-from the
President of the United States, transmitting,
with his objections, a bill .originating in the
Senate. This message was received yesterday.,
anf}. was supposed to be an executive, message
as.it was sealed. On opening it this morning,
howeveri, it turns out t.o be a.message frpm the
President of the United States, returning with
his objections, the bill (S. -No. . 490) .for the
relief of the East Tennessee University. The
message will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate: of the United States:
I have the honor to return herewith Senate bill
No. 490, entitled " An act for the relief of the East
Tennessee University." without my approval. This
claim, for which $K-,500 are appropriated out of the
moneys of tile Untied States, arises in part for the
destruction of property by troops in time of war,
and therefore, the sa.mS objections attach to it as
were expressed in my message of Jane 1,1872. re-
turning the Senate-bill awarding$26,000 tQ J. Milton
Best,.
If the precedent. is once established that the
Government is liable for the ravages of war, the
end of demands upon the public Treasury cannot
be forecast. The loyalty of the people of the sec-
tion 'in which "the university is located, under cir-
cumstances of personal danger and trials, thins enti-
tling them-to the most favorable construction of the
obligation of the Government toward them, is ad-
mitted; and nothing but regard for my duty to the
whole people, in opposing a principle which, if
allowed, will entail greater burdens upon the whole
than the relief which will be afforded to a part, by
allowing this bill to become a law, could induce me
to return-it with objections.
Recognizing the cla.ims of these citizens to sympa-
thy and the most favorable consideration of their
claims by the Government, I would heartily favor a
donation of tho amount appropriated by this bill
for their relief. ^ s> <j.EA}fX. ■
Executive Mansion, January 29, 1873.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the message be
printed and referred- to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to. .
. REPOBTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee On
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1418) for the relief of Charles H. Mallory
& Co., of New York, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was' referred the bill {S. No. 987)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle the iaccomit of, Henry1 Warren, late de-
positary at Oregon City, Oregon, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from" the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3624) to pro-
vide for the better education of the indigent
blind in the District of Columbia, asked' to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor ; which "Was agreed to.
lie also, from tho Committee oil Finance,
to whom was referred the'bill (B. ft. 1*6': ggS4)
authorizing, the First 'National1 Bant of",'Wtft:
kins, New York, to change' its locatioii an'd
nalSe'-^lport2.<i:itlSi®oita®endmebt.''; '''<
■ Mr. PRATT, :T>e Committee on Cl&'iihs; to
whom was referred the bill (H.! R.'Nd." 22591
for therfcliefof"JamesiM.'Hagar,have directed
me-to report it back without amendment, an'd
recommend itspassagfe. 'The.committee adopt
the r'eport' made by the Committee of Claim?
in the .House of Representatives, and I too've
that that report be printed. "
The motion was agreed to,. " ' '
, Mr.'PRATT, from the Committee,on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred, the'bill '(H.'R!
No. 2312) to revise,' consolidate,, and amend
the laws relating to pensions, reported it with
amendments.  '
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.,' lam directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings;' 'and
Grounds, to whom was referred',the bill.(S'.
No. 1292) to authorize the construction of .a
fire'-p'roof building at Nebraska City, Nebrh?kst',
to rejport it back adversely, and to moVe thkt
it be indefinitely postponed. *.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Let that bill go u'ppn
the Calendar. ' ' ' ' . • -
The VICE PRESIDENT. ' The bill will tie
placed'upon the| Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee.on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No._1457)'reIating t6 navigable rivers, reported
it with amendments.
.'Mr. CAMERON, from' the ponimittee on
Foreign Relations,' to whom' was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 8262) to enforce the'stipulation's
of the convention with Venezuela,'of April 25,
1866, and the payment of adjudicated claims,
reported-it y?ith an amendment.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom -was, referred
the bill (S. No. 1418) to enable the Orange;
Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad .Company
to put down, and operate a temporary railway-
track through certain streets, in- the city of
Washington, reported 'it -without, amendment,
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee ou Claims#
to whom was referred the petitipn of Martha
Barker, praying for compensation for losses
sustained in Florida during the Seminole In-
dian .war, asked to be discharged-'from 'its
further .consideration} which" was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. The - Committee on Claims
have considered the petition of Antoinette
Darling, praying compensation for damages
sustained in consequence of Indian depreda-
tions. in Minnesota, and' have directed me to
say that if this claimant is entitled-to what she
demands, it could only be given to her by re-
taining it out of the annuities due to the Sioux
Indians; and therefore, as a proper subject for
consideration by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, I ask that' the Committee Oil Claims
be' discharged- from the further consideration
of this claim, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. ■ '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. A-sr-
thoxy in the chair.) That order will- be
made. " ■ '
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee On Claims
have had tinder consideration the bill (Id. R.
No. 692) for the relief of Daniel M. Page, late
first, lieutenant of the thirty-eighth United
States infantry, and have instructed me to
report'adversely upon the bill, and to move
that'it be indefinitely postponed, and that the
claimant be authorized to withdraw his papers
for the purpose of prosecuting his claim in the
Court of Claims. There is also a written
report accompanying the bill, which I ask to
have printed.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER;. • That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee^ on
the District of Columbia," to whom Was referred
the bill'(H. R. No. 3482) prohibiting gift enter-
prises in the District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment.
