992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1464) to amend
the charter of the Gruth Verein Association,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3481) to author-
ize the trustees of the Presbyterian Congrega-
tion at Georgetown to dispose of real estate,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3506) for the relief of John Miller,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MACHBN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. EmmaM. Moore, widow of the late Com-
modore Edwin W. Moore, praying payment
of interest upon a claim alleged to have been
unjustly withheld from her, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
■ was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel D. Leary,
praying compensation for services of the
steamer John Faron, under contract with the
United States, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and submitted an
adverse report thereon.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S.1167) aurliorizing the extension of
the railway of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany in the District of Columbia, reported it
with amendments.
montana indian iiostilitibs.
Mr. LOGAN. A few days ago I reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs the
bill (S. No. 46) to enable the Secretary of War
to pay the expenses incurred in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the Territory of Montana
in the year 1867, with a view to have it referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. It was
postponed until the report could be printed.
I move now that that bill be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
army register.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print extra copies of the Army Register, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage, and ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Beaohcd, That one thousand additional copies of
tile Army ltesrister be printed for the use of the
benate.
navy register.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred a
resolution for the printing of additional copies
of the Navy Register, to report it without
amendment; and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Jlcsolmd, That one thousand additional copies
of the Navy Register be printed for the use of the
benate.
jane d. j1umj0rd.
Mr. ANTHONY. In my absence, when I
was in attendance upon a committee by order
of the Senate during its session, House bill
No. 2439, granting a pension to Jane D. Mum-
ford, was indefinitely postponed. I know it
is too late to move a reconsideration, but I
ask unanimous^ consent that it be placed on
the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks that the bill named
by him, which was indefinitely postponed
during the consideration of the Calendar of
unobjected cases, be replaced, by unanimous
consent, on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is so ordered.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the
bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1496) to amend the act
entitled "An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867, and the act amendatory thereof, approved
June 8,1872; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire to
state that I introduced this bill by request and
know nothing as to the special merits of it. I
move its reference to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1497) fixing the time of holding the United
States district court for the district of Ne-
braska and fixing the salary of the judge
thereof; which was read twice by title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1498) authorizing the Columbus, Fay-
ette, and Decatur Railroad Company to enter
public lands; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1499) to authorize the Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company to construct and maintain a
bridge across the St. Louis river; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1500) to establish a post road on St. Hel-
ena Island, South Carolina; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1501) conforming the boundaries of the
State of Oregon to those fixed and defined in
the constitution of said State as presented to
Congress when applying for admission into
the Union as a State; which,was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (8. No. 1502) making a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Yankton, in the Territory of Dakota, to
a connection with the Northern Pacific in the
valley of the Yellowstone river; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introdnce a bill
(S. No. 1503) providing that the lands along
the line of the Portland, Dailes, and Salt Lake
railroad shall be disposed of to actual set-
tlers only by preemption and homestead, and
appropriating a portion of the proceeds in aid
of the construction of said road upon con-
dition of carrying tlie United States mail,
troops, military and Indian supplies free of
charge ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 11) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that it be read at
length. It is very short.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
as follows:
Resolved, Sc., That the following article be pro-
posed to the Legislatures of the several States as an
amendmentto the Constitution of the United States,
which, when ratified by three fourths of said Legis-
latures, shall be valid as part of the Constitution,
namely:
ARTICLE XVI.
Section 1. The Senate of the United States shall
be composed of two Senators from each State, chosen
by the people of the several States for six years, and
the electors in each State shall have the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the_ State Legislature; and if vacancies
happen by resignation or otherwise in the senato-
rial representation from any State, the Executive
thereof shall issue writs of election to fill such
vacancies.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the resolution
be printed and lie on the table for the present,
as on the motion to refer I desire to submit
some remarks at some time when it will suit
the'convenience of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersoh, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2818) for the relief of Sally
Clark, widow of Joseph L. Clark, deceased, a
soldier of the war of 1812 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3719) granting a pension
to Ephraim Hunt; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3720) granting a pension
to Josiah Wilson, a soldier of the war of 1812.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 309) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund certain
moneys to James O. P. Burnside.
order of business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to give notice that
on the legislative to-morrow, whatever day that
may be, I shall ask the Senate to take up and
consider the bill for disposing of the Alabama
claims money, as it is called. It is a matter
of very considerable importance, and it ought
to be acted on in season to have it deliberately
considered by the two Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is now in order I
move 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar is
the next business in order until one o'clock,
but that can be postponed by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN I am willing to postpone
it to any time Senators may desire. I move to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1313.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope we shall go on
with the Calendar. It is very much behind.
There are very important bills there which
ought to be disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion, and
if Senators desire to go on with the Calendar
they can do so. I would rather go on with the
bill to-day, but I will let the Senate fix any
day or hour for its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
of unobjected bills being before the Senate,
under the Anthony rule, by its order, the Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that that order be post-
poned for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 1313) supple-
mentary to an act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof, approved June 3, 1804, to
appreciate national obligations, and to reach
specie payments without commercial embar-
rassment.
Mr. S1EVENSON. I ask the Senator
