28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
mentioned many vessels built by contract be-
fore the war which were failures. I will recall
a i't-w experiments of later years of the same
costly nature. The Chattanooga, built by
contract and costing the Government about
$1,000,000, did not come up to the specifica-
tions, and was never accepted as so doing;
she was sold not long since for $45,700. The
Idaho was contracted for, but not being built
according to contract was finally rejected, the
Department having been subjected to much ex-
pense, annoyance, and vexation before being
compelled to refuse to receive her. Even after
this action the contractors came to Congress
and a bill was passed by which a compromise
was effected and the sum of $500,000 was paid
out of the Treasury for this experiment, with
110 benefit to the country. It would have been
much better to have given the sum as a sub-
sidy to the ship builders of the country. A
good ship should not be built by speculators,
but by the honest laboring men of our country,
of the best material that can possibly be ob-
tained, and in the best possible manner. What
if it does cost a few more dollars ; the increased
safety and durability more than compensate
for the increased cost. Besides, in the case
of these vessels it will cost less and require
the appropriation of less money, for we have
the material on hand to build them with. No
contractor in the country has live-oak enough
on hand and seasoned to build one of them,
while we have in our navy-yards enough sea-
soned live-oak to build seven of them, and
enough iron to build three, though I hope
none of them will be of iron. So we shall
find it necessary to appropriate much less
money to build these vessels in our navy-yards
than we shall should the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] prevail
and half of them be built outside.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
K el ley] said in his argument that theEnglish
Government were in the habit of encouraging
their private ship-builders by giving them large
contracts and dividing their ^ork among the
various private yards. Sir, the gentleman is
usually so well informed and accurate in hia
statements that I dislike exceedingly to con-
tradict any statement made by him to this
House, but on this subject he is misinformed ;
the English Government never build war ships
by contract except when they have so much
work on hand that ft is impossible to do it all
in their own navy-yards. It did build the
Captain, a sea-going monitor or iron-clad,
by contract, at a cost of two and a half million
dollars—nearly as much as is asked for in this
bill—-and in her trial trip she capsized and
went to the bottom, carrying with her five hun-
dred brave sailors, who were sacrificed to the
contract system. For God's sake, let us sub-
sidize our ship-yards directly, if at all, by an
appropriation of money, and not repeat the
pad experience of the English and our own
past, and sacrifice the lives of our men at the
same time.
I trust the Honse will leave the decision of
how and where these vessels shall be built, as
the original bill provides, to the discretion of
the Secretary of the Navy. This has been,
I believe, heretofore the customary course.
Why should we make an exception now ? W'e
certainly have full confidence in his wisdom,
integrity, and discretion. The gentleman now
at the head of the Bureau of Construction is
not only thoroughly educated and trained in
his profession, but he enjoys a high reputation
for skill and success; so with the other De-
partments. The naval officers at the head of
the various bureaus of the Navy Department
have our unlimited confidence and regard.
There has never been a time in our history
when we could more safely confide such a trust
to the Secretary of the Navy; and with his
■ ■fficiont aids we can with much greater safety
iiu.st to his skill and experience than to those
whose whole knowledge is confined to mer-
chant vessels. I am aware that great pressure
is being brought to bear upon members to
induce them to adopt, a different course. A
powerful and influential lobby is at work among
us, and many members believe they are en-
hancing the interests of constituents by giving
them an opportunity to compete for this work ;
but in view of our former experieuce, in view
of the vast sums of money we have heretofore
paid in demonstrating the impracticability and
danger of the contract system, in view of the
unanimous testimony of the best naval talent
of this and other countries, let us avoid making
this mistake. Let us build in our own navy-
yards these ten vessels of war, with the seasoned
material we now have on hand. Let us pass
this bill, and make the necessary appropria-
tions for carrying out its provisions. Give the
Secretary ample discretionary powers, and
hold him and his Department responsible for
the result.
Mr. HALE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Negi.ey.J
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Speaker, this whole
question has assumed a proportion larger than
appears in its merely economic aspects. Our
system of naval construction and preparations
for naval warfare compares unfavorably with
that of either of the great naval Powers of
Europe—England or Spain. At the present
moment we need not vessels of warfare, but
we need vessels to constitute that arm of the
Navy which I would denominate, for want of
a better term, the cavalry arm of the Navy.
We need light vessels of great speed ; vessels
to protect our growing commerce on the
Pacific ; vessels to fill up merely the gaps in
our foreign squadron.
As the inquiry haa been made on this floor as
to how these vessels should be constructed, I
will refer to that portion of a bill which I had
the honor to introduce on the 22d of January,
in which I speak of vessels "of the most
approved modern description, combining
strength, speed, and effectiveness as war ves-
sels, the plans and specifications to be furnished
by the Navy Department."
These vessels, I proposed, should range in
tonnage from seven to twelve hundred tons,
and carrying from four to nine guns, nine-inch
to twelve-inch pivot guns; and they should be
vessels of great speed, for it is useless for us to
attempt to compete with the vessels of England
and Spain in matters of strength. The English
vessel named the Devastation, of somewhere
between four and six thousand tons, has a
plated armor on her broadsides of twelve inch,
and a fourteen-inch armor on her turret, and
carries only four thirty-five ton guns, using pro-
jectiles of sufficient power to penetrate any ship
armor in the world.
I am in favor of the construction of these
vessels in our own navy-yards, under the
supervision of officers of the Navy. I have
no fear that the appropriation made at this
time will be lost by a want of technical profes-
sional knowledge, or a want of engineering
skill on the part of the officers of the Navy ;
nor have I any fear that it will be misapplied
in consequence of want of integrity. As an
American citizen I am proud of the record of
the Navy; I am proud of the reputation of its
officers, and I am quite willing to intrust
them not only with the models and workman-
ship of the Government vessels, but with the
expenditure of this fund. It is perfectly use-
less for any member of this House to attempt
to provide plans in advance for the construc-
tion of any of these vessels. We have not
built a vessel since the war. Other nations
have profited by the lessons of that war. We
have simply maintained the repairs of vessels
that were built, when our Navy was constructed
to meet the exigencies of the rebellion. There-
fore, I think it is wise for us to stimulate and to
encourage those who are professionally engaged
in the management of this auxiliary arm of our
national defense.
These few vessels should be built without
delay, although, as has been said, we are at
peace with the world—and for that great boon
we are not thankful to the opponents of this
bill—while we are at peace, we are not in love
with all the nations of the world. Our friendly
relations with Spain are liable to disturbance
at any moment. So long as that Government
maintains the curse of slavery upon the fair
island of Cuba it stands as a perpetual menace
to our civilization, and we are liable to have
our tranquil relations with that nation broken
up.
Mr. HALE. I yield five minutes to my
colleague, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the passage of this bill, and shall vote for
it as a step in the right direction for recon-
structing the Navy; but I regret that the views
of the Secretary of the Navy, which have been
so often and so well expressed in his reports
to Congress, advocating Government aid to the
mercantile marine of the country as a means
for increasing the efficiency of the Navy, have
not been recognized and provided for in it.
This bill provides for the building of ten ves-
sels of war, which, I understand, are intended
to be of about fifteen hundred tons burden
each, and are to carry ten guns each.
The cost of these vessels, taking the cost of
vessels built during the war as a basis of cal-
culation, will be about $400,000 each. Prob-
ably they can be built somewhat cheaper at
the present time on account of the diminution
in the cost of material and labor. But esti-
mating their cost at $400,000 each we have a
total of $4,000,000 to be appropriated for
carrying out the provisions of the bill. When
built it would probably cost to run them at
least $100,000 a year each, or $1,000,000 per
annum lo maintain these ten vessels in the
service.
This, to be sure, is not an amount to alarm
any one, and recognizing as I do the import-
ance of the Navy as a means for our national
defense, and the necessity for placing it in an
efficient condition, I should vote for the bill
even if it involved a much larger appropria-
tion. But what I desire to call the attention
of the House to particularly in connection with
this matter of appropriations for building
naval vessels is the importance of providing
at the same time for the restoration of our
merchant shipping as the only means by which
our Navy can be reenforced and sustained in
any emergency when it may be called into
actual service.
The loss of our merchant shipping and the
importance of providing some means for its
restoration has been repeatedly called to the
attention of Congress since the close of the
war by the President in his messages, by the
reports of the Secretaries of the Treasury and
the Navy, and by reports of committees of this
House, and I think the conclusion arrived at
is that the merchant marine of the country is
so intimately connected with the Navy and so
necessary to its efficiency in case of war that
some provision should be made for it in con-
nection with the naval appropriations ; and as
this is the first bill introduced into this House
since the close Of the war for the building of
naval vessels, I think we cannot do better than
make provision in the same bill for building a
class of merchant vessels which may be used
for commercial purposes in time of peace and
be taken by the Government for its use in case
of war. And with that view I hope 1 may bo
permitted to offer as an amendment the bill
reported from the Committee on Commerce
at the last session, which I think had the
approval of the Secretary of the Navy, as I
know it did that of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
That bill provides, first, that the Secretaries
of the Treasury, Navy, Interior, and the Post-
master General, shall be constituted a board
of commissioners, to be known as the board
of commissioners of commerce, whose duty
shall be to execute all contracts in which the
Government of the United States is interested,
