1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
and which may be authorized by law to be
made in aid of foreign or domestic commerce
of the United States, to see to the due execu-
tion and enforcement of all contracts made for
the promotion of commerce, and totiie faithful
performance of their duties by all officers hav-
ing duties to discharge in aid of commerce,
including officers having charge of immigrants
and American seamen, to collect, arrange, and
report from time to time, and at least once in
each year, to the President, to be by him pre-
sented with his recommendations to Congress,
all such information and statistics concerning
the commerce of the United States and other
nations calculated to show the wants of Amer-
ican commerce, together with such recom-
mendations as they may deem proper in aid
of such commerce, and to discharge all other
duties which may be by law devolved upon
said board in relation to the commerce of the
United States.
Second, that there shall be established,
under directions of the board of commissioners
of commerce, at least one line of steamships
between some port or ports in the United
States and one or more of the principal ports
of Great BritaiD, and one or more of the
principal ports of the continent of Europe ;
also lines between New York and the West
Indies and Mexico; between New Orleans,
the West Indies, Mexico and Brazil; between
San Francisco, Australia, and New Zealand,
and other islands of the Pacific.
Third, that a bounty of not exceeding fifteen
dollars per ton shall be paid each year for a
period of five years for the construction of iron
steamships, and twelve dollars per ton on
other steamships of not less than one thousand
tons each, and not exceeding five hundred
thousand tons in the aggregate, and not more
than one hundred thousand tons in any one
year, to be employed exclusively in foreign
trade.
Fourth, that the board shall receive proposals
for the construction of said steamers to be ap-
portioned fifty thonsand tons upon the Atlantio
and Gulf coast, twenty-five thousand tons upon
the great lakes and the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers, and twenty-five thousand tons on the
Pacific coast, and to be constructed upon
plans approved by the Navy Department; the
Government to have the right to purchase or
charter them upon appraisal, and the Secretary
of the Navy, upon certain conditions, to detail
officers of the Navy to serve as officers of such
vessels.
Fifth, that there shall be paid twelve dollars
per ton upon first-class sailing vessels of not
less than three hundred tons, to be engaged
principally in the foreign trade.
Ten vessels of fifteen hundred tons each
can be built under this bill at a cost to the
Government of $225,000. These vessels
would be adding to the wealth of the country
in time of peace, and we have the authority of
Admiral Porter and other naval officers that
they would be as efficient for war purposes,
with very little alteration, as vessels built for
naval purposes exclusively.
Admiral Porter, in his testimony before the
committee on the decline of commerce, said:
"If the United States possessed the steamships
plying between New York and Barope, the Govern-
ment would have a better Navy than it ever had.
There was not a ship in the American Navy that
could compare with the best ships on the English
and French lines in point "of speed, stability, or for
carrying guns. All those vessels could be fitted with
masts in a very short time and rigged completely.
If the United States had possessed half the number
of steamships now engaged in the European trade
with New York, he did not think the rebels would
ever have got out a bale of cotton from a southern
port, and would have had to submit long before they
did."—Paye 183.
And again, in reply to the question—
" I understand you to say that if at the commence-
ment oi the late war we had had thirty steamers like
those running to New York from Europe they would
have been as efficient as our entire Navy"—
the Admiral answers:
" Twice as efficient. I say that withouthesitation.
The ships we had could catch nothing. We never
had a vessel that could run down a blockade-runner
during the whole war except tho Vunderbilt and two
others. Our iron-cluds are only suitable for harbor
defense. In ease of war with Great Britain or France
our power would be in cutting up their commerce.
Groat Britain could not stand a war six months with
a fleet of vessels that we would send out after her
vessels. They would break her up root and branch ;
and that kind of warfare would be more likely to
bring about peaoe than fighting with iron-clads or
heavy war vessels."
This testimony corresponds with that given
by naval officers in Great Britain before com-
mittees of Parliament.
The economy of thus providing for our
Navy in connection with the merchant ship-
ping of the country is apparent at a glance.
Here we are called upon to provide for the
building of ten vessels for the Navy at a cost
of $4,000,000, and at an annual expense there-
after of $1,000,000, when under the bill of the
Committee of Commerce, to which I have
referred, ten vessels, equally valuable in all
respects, with a slight alteration, can be built
at a cost to the Government of $225,000, and
be kept in readiness for the use of the Gov-
ernment when required without any additional
expense. If we build nine instead of ten
naval vessels, and grant the bounty at the
same time for building ten merchant vessels,
we shall get nineteen vessels at a cost of
$175,000 less than the ten naval vessels will
cost.
Now, sir, I am not offering this as an argu-
ment why these ten vessels should not be built.
I believe they should be built, but I believe
that in providing for the building of naval
vessels and appropriating for them, we should
connect therewith some measure for the build-
ing up of our mercantile marine, upon which
our Navy must depend in time of war for its
maintenance and support.
Now, suppose we couple with this bill which
has the sanction of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and I hope will have the sanction of
the House, the bill of the Committee on Com-
merce, to which I have referred, there would
be built probably twenty of these merchant
steamers during the coming year. Those
twenty steamers would cost the Government un-
| der this bill not over $500,000. Weshouldthen
, have appropriated $4,500,000, and $500,000
; of that amount would be appropriated for
merchant ships, which in case of war would
treble our force.
I am in favor of the bill of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, because it is necessary to
keep up our naval establishment in time of
peace in order to protect our commerce and
be prepared for war; but we can get along
with a very small Navy in time of peace if we
have the wisdom to provide, as other nations
do, for the maintenance of a commercial
I marine which will reinforce it in time of war.
; At the breaking out of the Crwnean war a
commission was appointed in Great Britain to
examine into the efficiency for war purposes
of all the sea-going steamers of the kingdom,
j That commission reported that at an expense
| of a thousand pounds each all the large sea-
going steamers could readily be converted into
! war steamers. I am very glad that the Secre-
tary of the Navy has commenced the recon-
struction of the Navy by selling off the old
vessels and building those which will be effec-
tive'in time of war, but I do insist that it
would be wisdom on the part of this House to
defer action on this bill until a more com-
prehensive measure can be introduced, or else
i to amend by coupling with it the bill reported
! from the Committee on Commerce.
j One word more, if my colleague will allow
J me. I shall feel compelled to oppose the
! amendment of my colleague making it obliga-
tory on the Secretary of the Navy to build a
; portion of these vessels in private yards, for
the reason that the private yards of the coun-
try to-day are in no condition to build the
vessels, and the building of five vessels will
offer no inducement to put them in condition.
It requires seasoned timber  and a large
amount of machinery to build vessels of this
class, and while these could be got together
during the war, when there was a prospect
that a large number of vessels would have to
be built and when we had large ship-yards in
operation, to-day the whole condition of affairs
in this regard is changed.
These large ship-yards are now closed, and
the grass has overgrown them, the machinery
and tools which were used in them have been
broken up or scattered and put to other uses.
To call them again into existence and make
them alive with the busy hum of industry will
require something more substantial and per-
manent tht^n a contract for five vessels. If we
make it obligatory upon the Secretary to have
five of these vessels built in private yards you
may drive him into an unfavorable contract
with some one or two large contractors who
alone could afford to provide the means to
build them, and who could only afford to do
so by taking the whole contract,
I think another objection to building in
private yards will be found to be the want of
proper seasoned ship timber at such yards,
while in the navy-yard 1 understand there is
sufficient quantity of such timber for these ten
vessels.
I am therefore in favor of leaving this mat-
ter of building to the discretion of the Secre-
tary, giving him authority to build in private
yards if he can do so advantageously, but not
making it obligatory for him to do so. But
in any event let us unite the two bills, and
while we begin to rebuild our Navy, let us at
the same time start up (he private ship-yards
of the couutry by means that will insure them
a permanent prosperity, and at the same time
build up establishments that can respond to
the demands of the Government whenever an
exigency arises which requires their aid.
Mr. HALE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Townsend] for five
minutes.
Mr. TOWNSEND, ofPennsylvaoia. I take
issue with the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] when he tells the House that there
are no private ship-yards in the country that
are capable of building vessels of war. I want
to say to him that of my own knowledge there
are ship-yards to-day that are executing con-
tracts for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
and for other companies, and are building
ships under the requirements of acts of Con-
gress that are suitable for vessels of war. The
ship-yard of John Roach & Co., at Chester,
Pennsylvania, has just launched one of the
most magnificent iron vessels that the mer-
chant service of this country ever possessed, a
vessel of about two thousand tons burden,
made of iron, and so made that at any time it
can be turned into a vessel of war at very little
expense. Lower down the river Delaware, at
Wilmington, in the State of Delaware, the
Harlan & Hollingsworth ship-building com-
pany has also just launched a similar vessel,
and the ship-yards of both of those places have
now on the stocks magnificent vessels, equal
in size with those already launched, and which
will be sent forth upon the ocean in a very
short time to compete with other nations for
the commerce of the world.'
So, too, further up the river, the ship-yard
of Cramp & Sons, in Philadelphia, last sum-
mer built and launched two vessels for the
Pennsylvania Railroad Company, as strong
and well built, as capable of ocean navigation,
and as easily turned into war vessels as any
that were ever built in the country. It is a
mistake of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] to suppose that the ship-yard of any
one of these three places is not now fully
equipped to build these vessels at the shortest
notice. I know, because I have gone through
them all, that they have all the means and
appliances necessary for the purpose, that
they have skilled workmen, that they hava
admirable machinery, and that the country
close around them furnishes them the very best
