1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1953
amendment proposed, by the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 29, line six hun-
dred and eighty-seven, at the end of the clause
making appropriation for grading and paving
the streets and footways around the Capitol,
to strike out the words "'this appropriation to
be made available on the passage'of this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to, if there
be no objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ought it to be agreed to?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is supplied
in the next paragraph.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to if there be
no objection, and it is agreed to.
The neifr amendment was on page 29, line
six hundred and ninety-five, to insert:
And the amounts hereby appropriated for work
on and around the Capitol shall be available from
the passage of this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
strike out the word " hereby," so that there can
be no mistake about the applicability of the
amendment of both these appropriations. The
idea is that there shall be no ambiguity about
the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. My first impression was
that this amendment would make no differ-
ence, but if striking out the word " hereby"
would make applicable to this purpose lapsed
appropriations, or make a permanent law which
would apply to other appropriations, it ought
not to be done; and on the whole I rather
think it would. I think the amendment of my
frieud from Vermont had better not bo agreed
to, unless we intend to reverse the policy we
have adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. The only pur-
pose, I will say to the Senator, is to have the
appropriations in this act immediately avail-
able.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I suggest to the
Senator to say '' appropriated by this act for
work," &c. After the word "appropriated,"
let him insert the words "by this act."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. COLE. I understood the Senator from
Vermont to say a little while ago—'and I will
speak of it now before the question is put on
the amendment as amended, if it is amended—1
that these appropriations were for the next
fiscal year, and that we fid not see the neces-
sity, where we struck out just above, of incor-
porating a provision of this kind j and I rather
think he was correct in that. I think probably
this phrase could be dispensed with here as
well as in the preceding paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Surely the
Senator from California cannot object to
having the appropriation for these streets
made available at once, and that is all I desire
to have done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To strike out the word
"hereby" would, as the Senator from Ohio
has suggested, in my opinion, open all the
lapsed appropriations to draft from the Treas-
ury to carry oh this work. We do not mean
to do that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accepted
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio to
insert the words "in this act."
Mr. EDMUNDS. We desire, I believe, if
we pay attention to it, in every one of these
appropriation bills to make somewhere a
final balance that shall be struck, and that the
money unexpended shall be returned to the
Treasury according to the lapsed appropria-
tion act. That is the great safeguard of the
Treasury, as the committees have reported, and
as the Senate has time and again determined.
For the first time we have at this very session
42d Cono. 3d Sess.—'No. 123.
got rid of the provision in the Indian bill and
in the fortification bill which allowed these
Appropriations to run on. We have got rid of
it after consideration; we have got rid of it
after a contest with the Indian department, in
which, I am glad to say for the honor of that
department, after a contest and after consul-
tation, they cheerfully acquiesced in the pro-
priety of this measure of safety to the Treas-
ury ; and so I may say of the fortification bill.
Let us therefore be careful in this bill that we
do not reverse the just action of the Govern-
ment in this respect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ransom
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment, striking out the word
" hereby" in line six hundred and ninety-six.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And insert-
ing, after the word " appropriated," the words
" in this act."
Mr. COLE. There is no difference.
Mr. CONKLING. There cannot be the
least difference between "hereby appropriated''
and "appropriated by this act."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 30, line
seven hundred and fifteen, after the word " dol-
lars," to insert the following:
And the several amounts hereby appropriated for
the Botanical Garden shall be available from the
passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 30, line
seven hundred and twenty, after the words
" United States," to insert "and Lake Cham-
plain ; " so as to read :
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and
Gulf coasts of the United States and Lake Cham-
plain, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 30, line
seven hundred and thirty-three, to increase the
appropriation " for extending the triangulation
of the Coast Survey, so as to form a geodetic
connection between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts of the United States, and assisting in
the State surveys, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work," from $36,000
to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 31, after
line" seven hundred and thirty-five, to insert
the following :
And the proceeds from the sales of old vessels of
the Coast Survey, and their equipments, may Be
applied to payments for new vessels, and their
equipments, for the survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 31, after
line seven hundred and forty-two, to insert
the following:
For completing the survey of the isthmus of Te-
huaniopuc, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Navy, $30,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Chair is informed
by the Secretary that the committee recom-
mend a certain change to be made in this
amendment as printed, which the Secretary
will report.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the words " Secretary of the Navy" and
insert " President."
Mr. COLE. The change is not very ma-
terial, but I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I think that appropriation
ought to be made available before the next
fiscal year. I therefore move to insert the
words "to be made available upon the passage
of this act."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was on page 33, line
eight hundred and seven, after the words
"Long Island sound," to strike out the words
"in addition to former appropriations;" so
as to read:
For completing the light-house at Race Book,
Long Island sound, $75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 34, line
eight hundred and seventeen, after the word
"for," to strike out the word*'commencing;"
so as to read:
For the construction of a light-house to take the
place of the light-ship at Stratford shoals, Long
Island sound, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. There is a little amendment
that has been left out inadvertently to come in
after line eight hundred and twenty-one:
And the fog-bell authorized W the act approved
June 10, 1872. to be placed at Fort Hamilton. New
York harbor, may be placed at any point in the
Narrows above the fort which the Light-House
Board may select.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 84, lines
eight hundred and twenty-four and eight hun-
dred and twenty-five, after the words "Jfew
York," to strike out the words " in addition to
former appropriationsso as to read:
For cisterns, coping of exterior walls, and the
completion of oth6r works Of improvement at the
light-house supply depot, Staten Island, New York,
$5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Before we pass from
that amendment I wish the chairman would
state wby the words "in addition to former
appropriations " are stricken out.
Mr. COLE. Mainly because they are sur-
plusage. If there should be some little sur-
plus of the appropriation of the former year
it ought to be turned into the Treasury in this
case as in all others; but we had the Superin-
tendent of the Light-House Board and the
most active officer of that Department before
the committee and the thing was fully ex-
plained and acquiesced in by the Department,
so that there will be no embarrassment what-
ever arising from it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then. I have no doubt
it is right. I only wanted to know whether
the matter was exact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment was on page 35, to
strike out lines eight hundred and thirty-seven
and eight hundred and thirty-eight, in the fol-
lowing words!
For commencing the construction of a light-house
at Ship John shoal, Delaware bay, $50,000. '
Mr. SCOTT. I should be glad to learn from
the chairman of the committee what reason
there is for striking out the appropriation for
this light-house, if he has any special inform-
ation on the subject?
Mr. COLE. I think I have. If the Sen-
ator will refer to the paragraphs near the
bottom of the preceding page he will find that
that particular locality is being very well pro-
vided for by the construction of two other
first-class light-houses. I will read:
For commencing the construction of a light-
house to relace the light-ship at Cross Ledge shoal,
Delaware bay, $50,000.
That light house, when, completed, will cost
about $150,000. Then the next item is:
For commencing the construction of a light-
house at Bulkhead shoal* Delaware river, $50,000.
When completed that light-house will cost
about $125,000. The next item is:
For a light-house on or near the south end of
Pea-Patch island, Delaware river, $8,000.
And the item immediately following the one
that is proposed to be stricken out provides
also for a Delaware locality. It was believed
by the committee that this locality, which is
the entrance toward the great and flourishing
city of Philadelphia, will be pretty well lighted
by what is proposed at this time in addition
to what they are already enjoying in the way
of light-houses. The Department, 1 think the
