1873.
the congressional globe.
from Ohio whether he proposes to consider
that bill this morning?
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire the Senate to
fix a time to go on with it. I would rather go
on with it atone o'clock to-day, so far as lam
concerned, but on that point I shall defer to
the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that mean a special
order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. So the Chair
supposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have heard the Sen-
ator (and I have agreed with him) very often
oppose the making of special orders.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask for a special
order. I simply ask that the bill be taken up
and put off to a time certain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is a
postponement the Senator desires.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What will be the effect
of that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The effect would
be that the unfinished business of the day be-
fore would have priority; but if that should
be postponed the way would be clear for the
bill to be proceeded with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As against any orders
that stood before it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Notagainst any
special orders. Special orders would have
priority; but if there were none and the un-
finished business should be postponed, then if
this were reached at the exact time specified,
one o'clock on a day certain, it would be in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont has given notice that on Monday he de-
sires to take up another bill which ought to be
acted on, I agree; but this bill ought to be
acted on also, and acted on at so early a day
that we shall not be hurried toward the close
of the session in its consideration. I may
state properly that a committee of the House
of Representatives are waiting for our action,
to see. whether or not it is possible to devise
any measure upon which we can agree on this
important subject. This subject ought to be
taken up and considered. I do not suppose
it will involve much debate or any very pro-
tracted discussion. It is not a subject that
any Senator would desire to speak long upon;
but the debate ought to be so full that we shall
understand what we are doing.
I intended to move to take up the bill at one
o'clock to-day, and the Senator from Vermont
having given notice of his desire to call up
another bill on Monday, I thought perhaps we
could take it up at one o'clock and finish it
to-day, or at least discuss it to such an extent
that we might see whether there was a pros-
pect of passing it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that there is no
unfinished business for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion until one o'clock.
gilbert and 8errish.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first bill on the Calendar, being
in the order of business No. 804.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the
Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 2902) for the
relief of the estates of Abel Gilbert and Wil-
liam Gerrish, late copartners in business
under the style of Gilbert & Gerrish.
'The bill was read. It provides for the
payment of $26,250 to Benjamin W. Gilbert,
administrator of the estate of Abel Gilbert,
and Isaac Watts, administrator of the estate
of William Gerrish, in full accord and satis-
faction for damages for violation of a grain
contract entered into the 21st of May, 1859,
between Colonel G. H. Crossman, deputy quar-
termaster general of the United States Army,
in behalf of the United States, and Abel Gil-
bert, in his own name, but in behalf of Gilbert
& Gerrish.
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 63.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report accompanying the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There does not
appear to be a report.
Mr. WRIGHT. There was a report from
the House committee which covers the whole
ground.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the report of the House committee.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the Com-
mittee of Claims of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to look at
that case, and I move that the report be print-
ed and the case go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The report will be printed
and the bill goes over.
Mr. HOWE. I see that report is not printed,
and it is quite a long one. I thought there
was a standing rule which required all reports
of committees to be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a
House report; it is not a Senate report. There
was no report from the Senate committee.
The reports of Senate committees are printed
under the rule without any order.
Mr. HOWE. I understand there has been
a motion made to print this report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
has been made.
bankrupt law.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1401) to repeal an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
Mr. WRIGHT. This bill was reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont has objected to its present con-
sideration.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to make a motion
in connection with the bill. I say this bill was
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
and presents the question to the Senate whether
we are or are not prepared to repeal the bank-
rupt law. The House of Representatives has
passed a bill repealing that law. The country
is anxious to have the question settled. It ought
to be settled one way or the other, either against
this bill or in favor of it. Now, I propose this
morning to make a m otion to proceed to the con-
sideration of this bill for the purpose of getting
a test vote of the Senate whether they are or
are not prepared to take the course recom-
mended by the Committee on the Judiciary.
I am very certain that every member of the
Senate has his mind made up on this question,
and I do not desire that any Senator shall
vote against this motion because it may seem
to antagonize any other measure, but upon its
merits purely and simply. If the Senate shall
decide against the motion, I shall take it as an
evidence that they are not prepared to sus-
tain the Judiciary Committee on this question ;
that they are not prepared to repeal the bank-
rupt law. If they decide in favor of my mo-
tion, then having the bill before the Senate I
shall not seek to antagonize it against any
measures upon the Calendar that are taken up
by consent, but I will recognize it as standing
before the Senate during the morning hour to
be considered by the Senate at such time as
may suit the convenience of the Senate if we
cannot have a vote directly on the bill after it
shall be taken up.
If I supposed" this was a question that the
Senate had not made up its mind upon, that
needed discussion, I should not pursue this
course, nor ask this action ; but I feel certain,
in view of the petitions we have received for
and against this measure, and in view of the
atiention that has been given to it by every
Senator, that we are prepared to decide it
now. I therefore move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it would be a
very handsome way of disposing of an import-
ant question, which has not been under debate
m this body at all, nor in the House of Rep-
rentatives at all, to ask the Senate to decide
upon a motion to take up, where you cannot
debate the merits, whether they think the bill
has merits or not and intend to pass it. That
surpasses anything in the way of deliberative
legislation that I have lately heard proposed,
I must confess. It may be true that this bill
ought to pass; it may be true that it ought not
to pass. VVhieh of the two sides of the ques-
tion is the just and true one depends upon a
condition of facts in relation to the operation
of this bankrupt law, in relation to the defects
that exist in it, if there are any, and the abuses
that have been perpetrated under it, if there
are any, and in relation to the benefit that it
has bestowed upon the country, if it has be-
stowed any, and in relation to the protection
and the benefit which it will continue to bestow
in the way of equalization and justice if it is to
continue^ a law. All of these questions are
necessarily involved in the discussion and con-
sideration of this bill, and whichever way we
vote upon it we pronounce, in spite of our-
selves, a definite opinion upon all that variety
of circumstances and ideas which surround
such a question.
Now, I am not standing up here to oppose
the consideration of this bill at a very early
period; but I, for one, intend to discuss it at
a reasonable length and to give some reasons
which I think ought to be conclusive with the
Senate in respect to the views I have about it,
and I am not ready to go on this morning. We
have not had any notice from my friend from
Iowa that he intended to call it up this morn-
ing, and therefore, according to the usual
proprieties of the Senate, I should expect, as
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has done,
as I have done about the Alabama bill, and as
we all do, that my friend would give notice that
on some early day—I do not care how early ■
after the Alabama matter is disposed of, which
comes from the same committee and which
was reported first—he should move to take up
the bill and have it disposed of. Certainly
there is no disposition on my part to delay
prompt action ; but to take action such as with
all respect I may refer to as having been taken
in another place on this important question, I
do not think would redound to the honor or
dignity of the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very certain that the
Senator from Vermont and myself will uot
differ much about this matter. I understand
that if this bill is passed over now, and we go
on with the Calendar, it will lose its place. I
have no disposition to force a discussion on
the Senate at this time or at any time; but my
object is that a bill of this importance shall not
lose its place, that it shall be retained so that
it can be taken up and disposed of. I think
this is very different from the bills to which
the Senator has referred, for the reason that
its merits are understood by every Senator;
and I think we can vote on this question just
as understanding^ now without discussion as
with it, as far as that is concerned. My motion
is that we proceed to the consideration of this
bill. Of course, at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour we shall stop with the bill, and then
it will stand as the first bill on the Calendar
when we shall return to the Calendar. That
is all I desire to do. I have no wish to press
a vote to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Iowa that the
bill does not lose its place by being objected
to, but the motion which the Senator now
makes to call up the bill and proceed to its
consideration can be made at any other time
as well as now. Being objected to, the bill
goes over under the rule. It can come up on
motion now, or it can come up on motion
to-morrow or any other day.
Mr. WRIGHT. As I understand, if my
