99£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
motion should be pending at the expiration of
the morning hour, this bill would be the mat-
ter undetermined on the Calendar when we
return to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the mo-
tion of the Senator prevails, then the Calen-
dar will be put aside and this bill would not
be the unfinished business of the morning
hour, but the Calendar of unobjected cases
would be the order during the morning hour.
Mr. WEIGHT. Suppose my motion should
be pending at the time the morning hour ex-
pires, then we have not passed over this bill
as I understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The action
does not come up on the Calendar, but comes
up on special motion, and it would fall at the
expiration of the morning hour precisely the
same as if the Senator had moved to proceed
to the consideration of any other bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then 1 insist on my motion
at this time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest to my friend
from Iowa that as notice has been given of
taking up, or attempting to take up, bills on
Monday and Tuesday next, he withdraw his
present motion and give notice that he will
move to take up this bill on Wednesday next.
That will give to every Senator an opportunity
to be ready if he wishes to participate in the
debate, and in my judgment will be the best
way to insure the consideration of the bill at
that time. A great many Senators, I am sure,
will vote not to take this bill up and displace
the Calendar who would vote to take it up for
consideration if it came up under notice given
in the usual way. I make the suggestion
simply to my friend.
Mr. WRIGHT. As the morning hour is
about expiring, and as I know the Senator from
Wisconsin is with me in support of this bill, I
now give notice that at the expiration of the
morning hour, or when I shall get the floor on
Wednesday next, I shall move to take up the
bill for consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
no unfinished business which comes up to-day
at the end of the morning hour, so that if this
hill should be taken up now it can be pro-
ceeded with.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 understand that the Sen-
ator from Vermont insists that he is not pre-
pared to proceed with the examination of this
bill, and I do not propose to force itupon him.
I therefore give this notice.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that we are
considering the Calendar of unobjected cases
and that a single objection carries any bill
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I object to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
has been objected to, but the Senator from
Iowa has a right to move, as he has done, to
put aside t.he Calendar and proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I was not aware that ho had
made that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the motion to be withdrawn.
AUSTRALIAN STEAMSHIP LINE.
Mr. NYE. Some time ago, when we were
younger, there was an arrangement made in
the Senate, if I understood it correctly, that
at the conclusion of the legislative appropria-
tion bill I should have the floor upon Senate
bill No. 49, in relation to mail steamship ser-
vice to Australia. 1 very much desire to have
that bill taken up and to get a vote upon it.
II that vote is to no lriendly, as I suppose it
will be, it is high time that it was taken. If
the bill is not to be considered favorably, it is
due to the magnitude of the question that it
should be couriered at once and the decision
against it rendered, so that the persons who are
now relieving their pockets to the last dollar
may know what their late is to be. 1 hope
that the arrangement heietofore made will
now be carried out, and that we shall take up
and consider this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada moves that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 49.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as it will enable
the Senator from Nevada to make his remarks
on the subject I have no objection at all; in-
deed, it is due to him, as a matter of courtesy,
that the bill should be taken up for that pur-
pose. But the consideration of that bill will
take a long time, and after he gets through he
must not understand that all the other busi-
ness of the session is to give way to the con-
sideration of that bill. I shall feel it my duty,
after he has made his remarks on the subject,
to move to take up another bill. I do not
think he ought to press the consideration of
that bill to a final vote to-day.
Mr. NYE. That will be a question for the
Senate to decide after I shall have concluded.
I do not see why my friend should say that 1
ought not to press it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say, so far as the Sen-
ator desires to make any remarks on the bill,
I have no objection to taking it up.
Mr. NYE. I have no desiro to make any
remarks, if they are to be lost, and the bill
with them. There will be enough lost if the
bill is to be lost.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely give the Sena-
tor notice that I will not stand in his way now.
I desire to hear him, and I will not interfere
with his remarks.
Mr. NYE. I do not propose to be heard
unless we are going to consider the bill. If
the bill is before the Senate I will proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill.
Mr. CORBET1'. This bill has been before
the Senate for a very long time, and the parties
interested, and who need this subsidy very
much, are maintaining with great difficulty an
American liue of ships to Australia. I believe
it was conceded that the Senator from Nevada
should have an opportunity to address the
Senate to-day on this subject, and I hope that
at the close of his remarks we may be allowed
to take a vote upon the bill, so that the parties
interested, and endeavoring to maintain this
line of steamships, may know what is to be
the result. I hope the bill will be taken up
and determined.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration ot the bill (S. No. 49) author-
izing the establishment of ocean mail steam-
ship service between the United States and
Australia.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I shall occupy
the Senate but a short time in what I have to
say on this bill. It is a subject that I have
thought very much about, and a subject that
I think presents itself to-day with more force
to the American people, as a matter concern-
ing their present and future prosperity, than
any question that has been submitted m this
House during the session. I know how easy
it is for men to throw slurs upon a proposition
to extend our external commerce. I know how
flippantly some talk of it. And yet, in my judg-
ment, it is one of the gravest questions now
linked with the interests of our country. A
nation to lie perfect must have three great
elements. The first is agriculture, with ample
fields and ample productions to guard against
the hunger and thirst of her people—and the
greater her agriculture the greater is the nation;
every acre that is subdued and brought under
tillage is so much national wealth. The next
great element is manufacturing, to which, at
an early day, our country turned its attention ;
and in place ol the little feeble spindle that
whirled tremulously by the banks of a quiet
New England stream, millions now turn wiih
such velocity that it makes the head grow
giddy to watch them in their revolutions.
Our nation has paid attention to agriculture
and has brought it from little to great things,
from small to incalculable production. And
therefore you see bequests given to States for
agricultural purposes until this interest has
got so that it walks alone in the stateliness of
manhood.
The next element in a nation's greatness,
and that without which all others is lost, is
commerce. In behalf of our enfeebled com-
merce I make this appeal to-day. I do it as
an American citizen ; I do it as a man who is
done with the political questions of the day ;
and I make it in behalf ot that important inter-
est which is forever to make our nation com-
plete in its character in possession of the
three great elements that constitute a nation's
greatness. As important is it that these
three should be harmoniously blended in order
to produce a great future as it is lliat. the
human system should be perfect in its organ-
ization. A man with two legs is better than a
man with one. Why ? Because the circula-
tion of the latter is crippled in one part and
strengthened in another unnaturally. So with
the commerce of this nation. You might as
well put a cord around the best limb of the
body and bid the blood circulate, if your great-
ness consists in going only to the bounds of
the ocean. No, sir, commerce flows in
nobler channels ; commerce is arterial, and its
influences are felt not only on our own shores,
but in all the countries of the earth.
The subject is not a new one, Mr. President.
Our own nation has tried the experiment of
subsidies and in one instance it proved a fail-
ure. It proved a failure in what was known
as the Collins line of steamers, because the
nation dropped it just in the moment of its
weakness. We were told by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Commerce that
those who ran that great line were profligate
and wasteful in their expenditures. Grant it ;
but how does that prove that the experiment
should not be tried again? We have tried it
in another place from California to China, and
I assert here that the nation has been a laige
gainer from the strength that it gave. National
strength does not consist, nor its fall advan-
tages, by any means in the dollars .you get iu
return for every expenditure. It is an advan-
tage to the world that we have put our steam-
ers on the Pacific between California and
China with the nation's power at their back ;
and it quells at oace the little opposition of
foreign Governments. It is not ihe dollars
and the cents that are going to be returned
that should be alone considered. This bill
concerns the line to Australasia; and lhat
expression takes in Australasia and all the
islands of the southern sea that lay in the way
of Australasia. And who are the Australa-
sians? A large proportion of that people
speak the same language with our own, and
they produce very similar articles to our own.
The Australasians have got so that that coun-
try is stronger in productions than England
herself, and it knocks at our door for com-
munication. Sir, is this voice to be heeded ?
Are the teeming productions of those mighty
islands to go unheeded in this call? Are we
so independent and so strong and so proud
that we will not pay attention and heed to its
calls when the result is to fill our coffers
eventually and to make our nation stand pre-
eminently the first in the management of the
commerce of the word? Little England—I
speak not of her as a people, but I speak of her
in her territorial extent—little England by
pursuing the course that I now advocate has
unfurled her flag in the most remote harbor of
these islands, backed at home by a subsidy of
a million and more dollars every year. She
does not do it for her immediate profit; that
is not the question under consideration; but
she does it to insure her permanent greatness,
as making her the mistress of the commerce
