30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
iron in the world, having the greatest tensile
strength and in every way adapted for any
vessels that can be set afloat on the ocean for
commerce or for war.
Mr. SCO FIELD. Will ray colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman speaks
of the quality of the iron put into the ships
constructed for the Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany. Does not the gentleman know that
iron of the quality of that now being used for
those ships will not answer at all for ships of
war ? It is comparatively a poor quality of
iron—I do not know where they get it—cost-
ing six and a half cents per pound, whereas
iron fit for naval Bhips would cost four cents
more per pound.
The gentleman also says that those vessels
can be easily converted into war vessels. Does
he not know that the machinery of all these
merchant ships is above the water-line, and
therefore not proof against an enemy's attack,
while a naval vessel has to be so constructed
that all its machinery shall be below the water-
line, requiring $ very different pattern from
that of merchant ships, which for that reason
cannot readily be converted into vessels of
war?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. In an-
swer to the gentleman, I will say that there is no
iron manufactured in the world that has greater
tensile strength and that can resist greater
pressure than the iron manufactured at Coates-
ville, Chester county, Pennsylvania. And I
will say in addition that the iron manufactured
there was used by the Government all through
the war for boilers and machinery and all the
other appurtenances ofiron ships in the Navy,
showing conclusively the opinion of the con-
structors of vessels for the Government ser-
vice as to its adaptability for the purposes to
which it was applied.
This iron has been tested again and again,
and that which is used at present in the Chester
and Wilmington yards, and I believe also in
the Philadelphia yard, though I cannot speak
so positively about that as some of my col-
leagues can, is of the very best character, and
has been subjected to the most trying experi-
ments. I say, therefore, that with the skilled
labor that we have, with the capital we possess,
with the superintendence of the very best
constructors and shipwrights in the country,
men who are accustomed to building steam
engines and steamships, we ought to give these
yards an opportunity to manifest their ability
to buiid some of these vessels; and in addition
to that, I may fay that they can be built at
these private yards, if not more cheaply, at
least as cheaply as they can be built in the
yards of the Government. In the latter, the
daily hours of labor are but eight, while in
these private yards the rule is ten hours a day.
Thus we get twenty per cent, more labor at
these private yards than we do at those of the
Government for the same amonnt of wages.
Mr. L. MYERS. I was not in the House
when my colleague [Mr. Townsend] com-
menced his remarks, and I wish to ask him
whether he takes, the ground that all these
vessels should be built at private yards.
Mr. TOWNSEND, ofPennsylvania. No, sir;
I only ask that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Hale] may be adopted,
giving to private ship-yards the opportunity of
competing with the Government yards, and of
building five of the vessels proposed.
Mr. L. MYERS. I thought the gentleman's
argument tended that way.
Mr. HALE. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, 1 am very glad
to find from the character of this debate that
no member opposes the construction of these
proposed additional vessels. I think it is gen-
erally conceded that our naval service is not
in as good a condition as it should be, and
that it can be very much advantaged by pro-
viding additional vessels. We all know that
at the close of the war it became necessary to
dispose of very many of the vessels that had
been in use during the war, and that the ves-
sels we have now left are entirely insufficient
to provide for the necessary squadrons that
we have, and have had from the foundation of
the Government, in the different oceans of the
world. I have regretted, in view of the small
number of our vessels, that the Secretary of
the Navv has not made a more judicious allot-
ment of his disposable force than has been
done for the last two or three years. I think
that if he desires to effect a substantial reform
he can provide for a more proper and suitable
distribution of the existing force than he has
done. We have always had what we called a
Mediterranean squadron. Now, there was a
time when the Mediterranean squadron was of
some use, of some substantial necessity for the
protection of the American flag floating in
those waters; but it is a lamentable fact that
to-day all our carrying trade with the Mediter-
ranean ports is done in foreign bottoms.
The ordinary trade between the ports of the
Mediterranean and the city of New York is
now carried altogether in foreign bottoms.
We have a Mediterranean squadron with an
admiral in charge, who is visiting the different
capitals of Europe—who is fgted by the courts
of Europe, and who has accounts of his pere-
grinations regularly transmitted across the
Atlantic by cable so as to inform us what he
is doing, whether his squadron is doing any-
thing at all or not. I think, sir, that some
reform cafi be effected in that direction.
Again, sir, recently, during our attempt to
acquire a portion of the island of San Domingo,
our Government stationed several vessels of
war in the waters adjacent to that island—for
what purpose? For purposes which it has
been determined were not only in contraven-
tion to the wishes of the American people, but
in direct and palpable violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States. And while at
that very time American interests, American
properly, and American citizens needed pro-
tection in theadjoining island of Cuba—when,
indeed, our citizens were assassinated there—
we had not a single American vessel of war
there to protect our interests. Therefore I
repeat that in my judgment the Secretary of
the Navy has not made a judicious distribution
of the force at his command ; and while I
concede that he is entitled to a much larger
number of vessels than he now has, yet I hope
he will reform the great abuses to which I have
referred.
I shall vote for this bill, as I shall vote for
each of the amendments proposed to it. As I
understand, the bill proposes to give the Sec-
retary of the Navy unlimited power to con-
struct a certRn number of vessels with a cer-
tain number of gung. An amendment is
offered providing that at least one half of
these ships shall be constructed in private
yards. An additional amendment is offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] providing that the vessels con-
structed in private yards shall be built under
contracts awarded in pursuance of public pro-
posals. Another amendment is offered by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] provid-
ing that the bids and proposals upon which
these contracts are to be based shall be sub-
mitted^ to Congress and passed upon by the
Committee on Appropriations before any con-
tract shall be entered into by the Government.
Sir, all of these amendments are good ,' I shall
vote for each of them ; and I shall vote finally
for the bill itself.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to speak
to the amendment offered by myself to this
bill. As I stated yesterday, 1 am in favor of
the bill itself. I agree in all that has been
said here by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] and others, as to the inadequacy
of the American Navy at the present time to
our condition and our honor. There are some
things that the Navy Department can do and
do well; but my investigation does not lead me
to believe that the Navy Departmentcan build
vessels of war so expeditiously, so cheaply and
so well as they can be built in private yards.
I am free to admit that, so far as the quality of
the vessel goes, the navy-yards can turn out as
good a craft as we can get from private yards,
but that to us is not the only consideration.
Expense is an item to be considered, quick-
ness of work, dispatch is to be considered,
and each of these is largely in favor of privnte
enterprise. The Government yard runs on
the eight-hour system. That lessens efficiency,
as I am informed, more than in proportion to
the reduction of time. Indeed, I am told by
master mechanics in ship-yards and other
places of human industry that a man or a crew
of men from a Government yard which has
been run on the eight-hour system, or indeed
which has not been so run, is always avoided
and dreaded. No one man in a day's work in
a Government yard does as much for the
money paid as in a private yard. The expe-
rience and observation of members must go to
show that. r A contractor has this stress upon
him: he will build well because he has his
reputation at stake. He will turn out as fine
a vessel under the spur of competition as he
who works for the Government. When Mr.
Eckford built the Ohio for a foreign Govern-
ment he refused to allow any man to lay a line
or plummet to correct his models, because he
had his reputation at stake, and when that
vessel was turned out it was better than any
which could be constructed in the Government
yards, and the result was that the Govern-
ment purchased her, and put her afloat on the
sea.
I have been looking over some of the figures
and facts in reference to a comparison of work
in Government yards and outside, and the
matter of expense is appalling. You may
search the records and you will find no bill
appropriating money that has been passed for
the building of frigates, sloops of war, or any
other class of vessels for the Navy where the
original appropriation when the project was
started has not been doubled or trebled ; and
I warn gentlemen that, with all the exceeding
good management of the Navy Department at
present—a management that I believe in and
trust in—I warn gentlemen even with that
management that the $3,000,000 for these ten
vessels when appropriated will only be followed
in another year by a demand for as much more
money, and then afterward for as much more
perhaps, so that $10,000,000 may be put in
these vessels if they are built in the Govern-
ment yards instead of $3,000,000. No doubt
we should get extra good vessels if we built
them in the Government yards, by putting in
all that money, but we can get practically as
good vessels in half the time and for half the
money if the contract is made with the skilled
ship-builders of the country, who will have
their reputations at stake.
I disagree with my colleague [Mr. Lynch]
on a point he makes He says that no private
ship-yards will be able to fill this demand on
them. These ship yards to-day as compared
with the Government yards are in just as good
condition. It appears that neither the Gov-
ernment yards nor private yards have any
large amount of valuable material accumu-
lated. The reports of the Secretary of the
Navy show no accumulation of valuable build-
ing material, because the appropriations have
been such that the Secretary has not been able
to lay in a stock. Now, put the matter to com-
petition and I know that the American ship-
builder—my colleague ought to know it, and
he will, I think, admit it—in competition with
the Government navy-yards will get as good
material, as speedily, and much cheaper than
the Government yards.
Mr. LYNCH. My colleague will allow me
to say that my point was that this Government
