1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Senator will ascertain, are not very anxious
about this particular one this year. When
that cjty becomes two or three times as large
as it is at present, and its commerce has in-
creased to several times .its present amount, it
may be that another light-house will be neces-
sary and useful at Ship John shoal, but I
think if cannot t>e insisted, upon with any prq-
priety now'.'
Mr.. SCOTT- Finding this light-house
stricken flu't, I did m&fe} soaxs: inquiry as to
the necessity for it, and the statement made
to me 011 the best authority is this: it is a dis-
taiipe of about ninety miles from Cape May to
I hiUdeipliia, and a system of lights has been
devised or recommended for that tiver, em-
bracing theses four lights at Cross Ledge,shoals,
Bulk. Head shoal, Pea-Patch island, and Ship
John shoai." The System requires the whole
four of the lights. Either one of them taken
Out disturbs that system, disturbs the range of
light proposed after a careful scientific calcu-
lation of the power of the several lights and
the distances. These four are channel lights
in distinction from shore lights at the mouths
of the small rivers flowing into the Delaware
bay. TBe -Senator speaks of other lights being
there. The only lights now in the channel of
the bay^are the Brandy wine shoal lights and
at Reedy island, in a distance of ninety miles,
in which the river and bay are filled with
shoals. , .,
I do uot know what the Senator's idea of
the importance of the commerce of Philadel-
phia at this time is; but I can say for his
information, if he has any curiosity to inquire
into it, that it is very rapidly increasing, and
that they have now a weekly arrival of steam-
ships from Europe, four lines running between
Philadelphia and various parts of Europe all
the time. .In opposition to the conjecture of
the Committee on Appropriations, I will read
the recommendation of the Light-House Board
is reference to these four light-houses. After
referring to a petition presented for these four
light-houses, tne board say :
" The questionras to the necessity of these Eghts,
and their cost, was submitted to the district officers,
and in'their replies it was stated that there was great
necessity for the lights at the points named, and
more so noF than formerly, on aeeountof the greater
number of steamers navigating, the river and bay at
all hours of night and day;'and when there is
floating'ice, the bubjpii being eithe# cut off or drifted
from proBfir positions, and during darkness inrisibl e,
the soundings cannot be t k#n, the lead frequently
lighting on the cakes of ice, while the vessel in mo-
tion is liable to run on shore beforfe getting another
cast of the lead: whereas, were tights in their posi-
tions they could steer their courses."
This is in reference to all of them. Now,
in reference to the one proposed to be stricken
Out, they say: ;
"The necessity for a light on Ship John shoals is
to guide vessels up the channel and prevent thejn
from getting ashore on Ship John shoals and the
one opposite, the tide1being'sueh as to arift them at
times on either shoal. This drifting is frequently
experienced in this part of the channel."
The whole four ofthese lights-are indispens-
able ; one is just as necessary as the other; and
I think we may more safely rely upon the ex-
perience and recommendations of the Light-
House Board on this subject than on the con-
jectures of the Committee on Appropriations.
I trust the amendment will'not Be agreed to,
and that this' appropriation will not be stricken
out, • ., '
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to remark "to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that the Committee
on Appropriations acted directly on the sug-
gestions and recommendations of the gentle-
man who is in charge of the Light-House
Board. They have not gone off half-cocked in
that particular.
Mr. SCOTT. I can only say to the Senator
from Rhode Island that that differs somewhat
from the statement of the chairman, who said
that it was the belief of the'Committee on
Appropriations that this one could be done
without; that the others were sufficient., I
had no authority given to me by the chairman
of the Committee.on Appropriations from the
Light-House Board, and 1, take their written
report as meaning exactly what they say.
Mr. SAWYER. The gentleman at the head
of the Light-House Board, when, questioned
as to what could be best dispensed with this
year in this system of lights on the Delaware
bay and river, singled out this one as the one
that could be best dispensed with. It was
thought that there was a large number of
impropriations at that particular locality with-
out the one which they advised to -be left out,
and it was left out.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the error of the mem-
bers, of the Committee on Appropriations con-
sists in classing "this as a local appropriation. It
is perfectly true that the great estuary upon
which this'system of light-houses is arranged is
within a circumscribed space; but the commerce
which this system of light-houses is intended to
protect, for which these light-housesare to serve
as beacons Of danger to keep them from dis-
tress and loss—that commerce is from all parts
o£ the Union, and the shipping interest of
every State is interested in a perfect system
of lights. It may well be, and oftentimes is
the case that a light-house is placed upon an
arid island-; it is placed upon some sterile
promontory of no value whatever, and of per-
fect indifference to the State adjacent to which
the territory oil which it stands may lie; and
yet it is there that such a structure is truly
national and most useful. That is precisely
the case here. This system of lights is intended
for the protection of the commerce of the
United States. It so happens that the nominal
locality is in the Delaware bay, but the interest
of the people outside of that State, and outside
of New Jersfey and Pennsylvania also, ?s proba-
bly far greater to perfect and sustain the system
of lights arranged by the Light-House Board
than the interest of the peopfe of the immediate
locality near which these light-houses are
erected.
I believe there is no system of expenditure
in our Government more entirely trusted and
respected, more usefu) "every way, more thor-
oughly relied upofi', thau the Light-House
Board, as organized under our law. There is
no class of officers whose recommendations will
go further in every way, both as regards their
character, as regards their skill, and their
knowledge of the subjcct whereof they speak,
than those gentlemen of our naval service
who constitute the Light-House Board. I
respectfully suggest that ther# ought not to be
any hesitation in. making this appropriation.
It would be a matter of false economy to strike
out one feature of a system which would render
that system less perfect. It is not for tho
benefit of tfye people of tie territory on which
the light-house stands, "but it is for the benefit
of those,who are distant. It is to those most
interested in ship-building a d eommejsce that
this appropriation is to be of service. I trust
it will be retained in the; billj.and that the
icommittee will not further oppose it.
Mr. COLE. While light-bouses are not for
local benefit, yet they are as a general rule
local improvements, always so except in cases
where they are established upon light-ships;
but no. matter whether they are of local bene-
fit or nat; .that is hardly the question. No
one will deny that in this bill there is very
great attention given to the subject of lighting
our coast. Thejre is no subject now in the bill
which has received so much, attention as the
subject of light-houses. The amount I am
told is about $3,000,000 appropriated this
year for that purpose; and now this is an
amendment for the retrenchment of one of
three very costly light-houses in connection
with other improvements ; and without stating
what has been said and done in the committee-
room and without any reference to the reports
of the Light-House Board, I feel very sure"this
appropriation can very well be dispensed with
this year, and let the improvements in the
other cases go on. I hope that the committee
will be sustained in this one little attempt
toward economy.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I may be
utterly and entirely wrong in my view on this
subject; but it is the view that I have always
entertained, and I think all Senators will agree
that, during the time I have been in the Sen-
ate I have never maintained any other. -That
view is, that the last place on earth for the
Committee- on Appropriations to commence
cutting down appropriations is, the lighting
of our coast and the protection of our coast. I
have spoken several times in the Senate on
this subject, and do not intend to inflict a
speech on them to-night; but I cannot refrain
from saying a Woifd when the chairman of, .the
Committee on Appropriations rises here4md
deliberately says in the consideration of this
bill—I paraphrase his Words, of course—" we
thought we could'dispense with that for this
year." An appropriation for a light-house in
this Delaware bay, recommended hty- the Light-
House Board, coming here from the House of
Representatives, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations thinks is a proper place
to begin to be economical upon; and this is a
part of a system of lights which it is abso-
lutely .necessary to keep up to make any of
them available.
Why, sir, whenever a new light is put u.p,
the fact is telegraphed all over the civilized
world. As far as the telegraph goes, wherever
the.mail can reach, and the steamer can go,
the very first information carried by nautical
men or men concerned in navigation is, "we
have established a new light on such and
such a shoalor that, "the light on such and
such a shoal has been changed, is no longer a
revolving light but a still light," or whatever
the change may be.
Now, Mr. President, I do not want to make
a speech at the expense of the chairman of
this committee, for I know if I did he would
vote at my expense. He feels it to be his
duty, and 1 know it is his duty, and I do not
complain of it, to try and prevent the swelling
of the appropriation bills ; but as long as I
have been in ti^e Senate I have insisted that
this was not the place to economize and I
shall continue to insist upon it as long as I
am in thft. Senate. What is the appropria-
tion?
For commencing the construction of alight-house
at Ship John shoal, Delaware bay, $50,000.
No w, Mr. President, shall I begin to run over
this bill to you ? I know it would be very grat-
ifying to. you if I should read all the items and
all the appropriations in it and make such
comments on them as would be agreeable to
me, but probably I should waste my five min-
utes, and. therefore I shall not attempt it; but
I will say during my five minutes that the
chairman of the committee cannot take and
no man in the Senate cat} take this bill and put
his finger on a single appropriation that is more
important and whjph it is more our duty to
pass than this very appropriation which the
committee have stricken out. You may rely
upon it that when the House of Representa-
tives send us an appropriation of $50,000 for
commencing the construction of a light-house
at Sh'ip John shoal, Delaware bay, they had
good reason for it, and you may rely upon it
.that the Committee on Appropriations of the
'Senate may better devote themselves and their
economical notions to some other work than
the reduction of appropriations for the lighting
of our'coast on dark aiid wintry nights.
Mr. COLE. Taking the Senator's speech
as
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The time of the Sena-
tor from California has been exhausted. The
question is on the amendment of the com
mittee.
The amendment was rejected ; there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 21.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 35, aft«. .iue eight
