1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
hundred and thirty-eight, to insert the fol-
lowing :
For completing the buoy depot at Christiana, Del-
aware, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 35, line
eight hundred and forty-eight, to strike out
"a" aftertheword "buildiug," and to strike
out "light-house" and insert "light-houses,"
so as to read:
For building light-houses at Dutch Gap canal,
Virginia, S15.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 36, line
eight hundred and sixty-one, after the words
"South Carolina," to strike out the words
" in addition to former appropriations," so as
to read :
For completing the seacoast light at Hunting
Island, South Carolina, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 36, line
eight hundred and seventy-one, after the word
" Florida," to strike out the words " in addi-
tion to former appropriations," so as to read:
For completing the seacoast light at St. Augus-
tine, Florida, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 36, lines
pight hundred and seventy-four and eight hun-
dred and seventy-five, afterthe words " Florida
Reefs," to strike out the words "in addition
to former appropriations," so as, to read :
For completing the first order seacoast light-house
at Alligator reef, Florida reels, $26,000.
Mr. OSBORN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee why that amend-
ment is made.
Mr. COLE. The former appropriation will
be all expended before the end of the present
liscal year, there being some four months yet
of the year. I can state to the Senator that
this will not result in any embarrassment, as
we have satisfactory information on that point.
Mr. OSBORN. Very well. If it is agreed
to by the Light-House Board I have no objec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 36, lines
eight hundred and seventy-nine and eight hun-
dred and eighty, after the word "Alabama," to
strike out the words " in addition to former
appropriations," so as to read :
For completing theGulfcoastlight at Sand Island,
off Mobile harbor, Alabama, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 37, lines
eight hundred and eighty-seven and eight hun-
dred and eighty-eight, after the word '• Louis-
iana," to strike out the words "in addition to
former appropriations," so as to read:
For completion of the Gulf coast iron light-house
at Timbolier Island, coast of Louisiana, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 37, line
eight hundred and ninety-two, after the words
" Gulf of Mexico," to strike out the words
" in addition to former appropriationsso as
to read:
For completion of the first order iron light-house
at Trinity shoal, Gulf of Mexico, 310,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 37, line
eight hundred and ninety-five, after the word
"Texas," to strike out the words "in addi-
tion to former appropriations soasto read:
For completion of a coast light at Matagorda
Island, Texas, $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that all those formal
amendments that are precisely the same be
agreed to without putting the question to the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take it to be the pleasure of the Senate,
if there be no objection, that those words,
"in additiou to former appropriations," will
be stricken from the bill as they are reached.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CASSBRLY. Does the last proposi-
tion in regard to assuming things as done
refer to anything more than the light-houses ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand it to refer to anything
except the light-house appropriations. The
Chair asked the Senate whether the words "in
addition to former appropriations " should be
stricken out. When that class of appropria-
tions is concluded the Secretary will again
report the bill as it stands. .
The next amendment was on page 38, after
line nine hundred and eight, to insert the fol-
lowing :
For a light-house at L'Anse, Mackinac, Michigan,
$10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
mittee recommend a modification of this amend-
ment, which will be read.
The Chief Ci.erk. It is proposed to strike
out "Mackinac," in line nine hundred and
nine.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I suggest to
the chairman that the designation will need a
further modification. I see that the designa-
tion in the bill is by lakes instead of territory,
and this place is in Lake Superior ; I there-
fore suggest not only that " Mackinac" be
stricken out, but "Michigan'' also, and the
word "Superior" inserted.
Mr. COLE. The light-house is to be in
Michigan, as I understand it, on Michigan soil.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is on Michi-
gan soil, but I observe that these light-houses
are designated in all other cases by the lakes,
and this is in Lake Superior, although on Michi-
gan soil.
Mr. COLE. No ; the Senator will observe
the language is on certain islands in Lake
Superior, and so on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will first be taken on the recommendation
of the committee to strike out "Mackinac."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I now move to
strike out "Michigan" and insert "Lake
Superior.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that modification will be made.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 38, to
strike out lines nine hundred and fourteen and
nine hundred and fifteen, in the following
words:
For a light-house on Isle Royal, Lake Superior,
$20,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations explain the reason for striking out that
light.
Mr. COLE. A more proper inquiry would
be of the Senator to explain the reason for
having it there.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give the Senator
the reason for having it there.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will give a
reason for having a light-house at that place it
will satisfy the committee, and I have no
doubt the Senate. This is not a lake-coast
light; it is a light for the accommodation, if of
anything, of a harbor of refuge in one particu-
lar interest, as I am informed by a colleague
on the committee. The information we have
is that it is not really for the public use or for
the public benefit.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is Isle Royal upon
the northerly shore of Lake Superior. It is
very near to what is known as the Silver Island,
and the whole commerce of Duluth passes
within range of this light; and it is a very im-
portant light to vessels going north to Duluth
and Superior. It is of immense importance
to the commerce of Lake Superior. Perhaps
there is no other light in the whole lake as
important to that commerce as this. I sup-
pose the Senator is aware,- (if he is not I will
inform him) of the fact that Lake Superior is
to-day more rich in minerals, except gold, than
California. We have more silver than Cali-
fornia, and I think more than California and
Nevada put together. We have not dug it all
out, [laughter,] but we are taking out silver
there that yields four thousand to the ton, and
you consider yourselves very rich when your
ore yields $400. . We have the richest mines
on earth, and they are very near to this light,
and it is needed for all the commerce—and it
is very great—passing to and fro, and it is
increasing every day.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose you want a
light to find the silver. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. We want the light, but
we have got the silver. Now, I hope no ob-
jection will be made to this appropriation, and
I trust the recommendation of the committee
to strike it out will be disagreed to. There is
no more important light on Lake Superior
than this one. It is recommended by the Light-
House Board, and really ought to be built. I
ask the Senate to disagree to the recommend-
ation of the committee.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I desire to state
another fact which has not been stated by my
colleague ; and that is that there is a natural
harbor there which has become a place of
refuge.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, the best on the
whole lake.
Mr. FERRY, ofMichigan. Being on the west
side, and the prevailing winds there being from
the westward, as is well known to those ac-
quainted with navigation there, it becomes of
immense importance to the commerce of the
lake. It is of great importance to the ship-
ping because of that fact, and it being a land-
locked harbor and no light within range, it
becomes necessary that a light should be placed
there in order that sailors should not lose their
way when sailing there. I hope the chairman
will not insist on striking it out.
Mr. COLE. I should not be disposed to
deprive that magnificent region of any light,
but I think instead of this light being for the
benefit of commerce passing up the lake, it
would be located northwest of the island, and,
as was stated by the last Senator up, near a
harbor of refuge, and be used for that purpose
alone. Now, if the commerce there is so great
as to render it necessary that there should be
a light to illuminate that harbor of refuge for
such vessels as may be driven there by storm,
of course I would not object to it; but there
is no estimate for this appropriation. It was
inserted in the bill, I suppose, by some mem-
ber of the House who wanted to do something
for his constituents.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will
pardon me, he will find in the estimates of the
Light-House Board for this year an estimate
of $20,000 for this improvement.
Mr. COLE. I have not looked all through,
but" I certainly do not find it in the index as I
do others, and I cannot look through the en-
tire book to see whether it is there or not. My
opinion is that it is not there. I do not know
that the great mineral wealth of Lake Superior
has attracted shipping to that quarter to a very
great extent as yet. I rather think it has not.
The mines that yield ore worth $4,000 a ton
when they are discovered and developed, will,
no doubt, attract a great deal of commerce aha
shipping to that part of that great lake; but
until that time comes I presume we had better
leave the matter as it is, for I believe that part
of the lake and that island are sufficiently
lighted without this new light.
Mr. FERRY, ofMichigan. Such an argu-
ment as that may he well enough for the Sen-
ator from California, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, who seeks merely
economy in the aggregate of his appropriation
bill. I was very glad to hear the Senator from
New Jersey to-night denouncing this specie.-i
of economy. I think if the Senator had some
